430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 1,
single-minded soldier, ambitious only of serving
his country and doing his whole duty. Sir, what-
ever this House may uo, the country will do jus-
tice to General Grant. We can see that. I think
I can appreciate that myself.
After the battle of Shiloh, a little less than two
years ago, a wave of calumny and detraction
sv^ept over General Grant with a power that would
have overwhelmed any man of less strength and
courage. My neighbor and my friend, appointed
upon my own recommendation, 1 sought in my
place on this floor the earMfcgjt occasion to tell the
country something of this general, denunciations
of whom were ringing from one end of the country
to the other. I believe I can say I scarcely had
the sympathy of a single member on this floor in
makingthatspeech, which was only regarded as a
somewhatextravagant defense of a friend. Will-
ing to take the responsibility of standing by my
record then, I now appeal to history for my justi-
fication, and ask if General Grant has not far
transcended everything that I claimed for him.
It cannot certainly, Mr. Speaker, be necessary
for me to enter into any detail of the services of
General Grant to the country. They are as fa-
miliar as household words to our constituents, if
not to us here. Why necessary to recount that
lon^listoftriumphsandof victories from Belmont
to Lookout Mountain? Look at what this man
has done for his country, for humanity and civil-
ization—this modest and unpretending general
whom gentlemen appear to be so much afraid of.
He has fought more battles and wort more victo-
ries than any man living*, he has captured more
prisoners and taken more guns than any general
of modern tifhes. To us in the great valley of the
West h# has rendered a service in opening our
great channel of communication to the occan, so
thatthegreatPatherof Waters nowgoes"unvexed
to the sea,'"which endears him to all ourhearts.
Sir, when his blue legions crowned the crests of
Vicksburg, and the hosts of rebeldoni laid their
arms at the feetof this great conqueror, the rebel
confederacy was cut in twain and the backbone
of the rebellion broken.
I speak of the fall of Vickshurg. I might speak
of what went before. It wps my good fortune to
be with General Grant and with that noble army,
every man of whom is a hero, at the commence-
ment of the expedition which culminated in the
taking of Vicksburg. We all know ho^ill at
ease the public mind was last winter pending Gen-
eral Grant's operations on the lower Mississippi.
The expedition by Grenada, the opening of the
canal, the opening of the bayous, had not suc-
ceeded. The country saw all the attempts to flank
that stronghold likely to prove abortive, and there
was great anxiety. But, with unshaken confidence
in himself, General Grant pursued the even tenor
of his way, and with entire reliance upon his suc-
cess in the plan finally adopted, and which could
not be undertaken until the river and bayous
should sufficiently recede to enable him to move.
Then, sir, was seen that bold and daringconcep-
tion which I say is without parallel in all military
history. It was to send his army and his trans-
portation by land on the Louisiana side from Mil-
liken's Bend to'a point below Vicksburg, and then
i:un the frowning batteries of that rebel Gibraltar,
with its hundreds of guns, with his transports?
and thus enable him to cross the river below Vicks-
burg, and get on to the Mississippi side. The
country was startled at the success which at-
tended the running of those batteries by the frail
Mississippi steamboats used as Uanspoi is, and the
rebels stood aghast when they saw seven orcight
transports and all of Porter's gunboats below
Vicksburg.
There was something in th s matter of running
those batteries by the transports which deserves
more than a passing notice, as showing the in-
domitable spirit and courage of that magnificent
army. Certain boats weie detailed for the ex-
traordinary and hazardous service of running the
batteries, but, with one exception, the crews of all
the boats refused to go. The provost marshal was
then ordered to beatupfoi volunteers. No sooner
was the notice given than soldiers rushed in for
the service, and at once many times the number
that was called for was filled—pilots, engineers,
firemen, deck-hands, in the greatest numbeis of-
fered themselves. From one regiment, known as
the Lead Mine regiment, raised in my own section,
no less than one hundred and sixteen men and
sixteen commissioned officers volunteered for that
dangerous yetglorious service. The consequence
of all this was that resort was had to lot as to who
should have the privilege of risking life in that
unparalleled adventure. One noble boy from'my
own city who had drawn the prize was offered
§100 in greenbacks for his chance, which he re-
fused to take, but courageously held on and suc-
cessfully passed not only the Vicksburg but the
Grand Gulf batteries. What language can do
justice to an army animated by such a spirit?
What triumphsand what glories might not justly
be expected from it?
The transports and gunboats below the batter-
ies, the army reachcs by land marches Perkins's
plantation, twenty miles above, and Hard Times
landing, nearly opposite Grand Gulf. It was
supposed that Admiral Porter, who always sec-
onded Geneial Grant with a zeal equal to his
courage and ability, could reduce the batteries at
Grand Gulf, after which the troops were to be
crossed over in the transports, and were to land
and carry the place by assault. But after five
hours and a half of the most desperate naval fight-
ing ever seen upon this continent, the brave
Porter drew off his shattered fleet, unable to ef-
fect a reduction of the principal battery. During
all of this time the army had been waiting with
intense impatience for the time to come when the
guns of the batteries should be silenced and they
could land, and great was the disappointment when
it was known that the fleet had failed to reduce the
works. It seemed then that all had miscarried,
and that the expedition on which so many hopes
hung would be a failure.
At that moment was seen in General Grant that
greatest of all gifts of a military man—the gift of
deciding instantly amid the pressure of the grcat-
estemeigencies. I was with him when Porter le-
ported his inability, to reduce the batteries, and in
an instant he made his new dispositions, and gave
his orders. They were to debark all his troops,
and march them down three miles below Grand
Gulf, "and," said he, "after nightfall I will run
every transport I have below their batteries, and
not one shall be injured." And sure enough, when
it became daik, Porter again attacked the batter-
ies with his fleet, and amid the din and clatter of
the attack, the transports all safely passed Grand
Gulf. And, sir, it was a noble sight as this grand
army was about to bivouac at Disharoon land-
ing, three miles below Grand Gulf, with their camp
fires burning brightly on that soft April night,
when these transports, one by one, escaping all
serious injury from the terrific tempest through
which they had passed, rounded to, responding
to eager inquiries "All is well," and which was
followed by such a shout as our brave and pa-
triotic soldiers only can give.
Early the next moining this whole army was
again embarked on board the gunboats and trans-
ports, bound down the Mississippi " for Cowes
and a market," for some place where a landing
could be made on solid ground on the Mississippi
side. And that was a proud spectacle when the
grim old iron-clad Benton, the flag-ship of Ad-
miral Porter, on which was General Grant, led
the way down the river, the entire fleet and the
transpoiis following She landed at a dilapidated
plantation called Cruinsbiug, and Geneiai Giant
was the first man to go ashore to seek informa-
tion. He tlx ic met a luval "Aukm ican citizen of
African descent," who gave him hustwoi th v in-
formation in regard to the country and the roads
into the in tenor. Instantly the dehaikation of the
troops commenced, and the line of march taken
up toward Port Gibson. Before two o'clock the
next morning, May 1, 1863, the enemy was en-
countered, and the battle of Port Gibson, the first
of the series resulting in the capture of Vicks-
burg, was fought during that whole day, finally
resulting in the complete rout of the enemy.
And that which must ever be regarded by the
historian as the most extiaoi dinary feature of this
campaign is the astounding fact that when Gen-
eral Grant landed in the State of Mississippi and
made his campaign in the enemy's country, he had
a smaller force than the enemy. There he was,
in the enemy's country, cut off in a measure from
his supplies, with a great river in his rear, and in
one of the most defensible of countries, through
which he hud to pass. To his indomitable cour-
age and eneigy, to his unparalleled celerity of
movement,stiikmg the enemy in detail, and beat-
ing him on every field, is the country indebted to
those wonderful successes of that campaign which
have not only challenged the gratitude and admira-
tion of our own countrymen, but the admiration
of the best military men of all nations. My col-
league [Mr. Farnsworth] has well said that
General Grant is no "carpet knight." If gen-
tlemen could know him as I know him, and as
his soldiers know him, they would not be so re-
luctantaboutconferringthis honor. If they could
have seen him as I saw him on that expedition;
if they could have witnessed his terrible earnest-
ness, his devotion to his duty, his care, his vigil-
ance, and his unchallenged courage, I think their
opposition to this bill would give way.
When he left his headquarters at "Smith's
plantation," below Vicksburg, to entpr on that
great campaign, he did not take with him the trap-
pings and paraphernalia so common to many mili-
tary men. As all depended on quickness of move-
ment, and as it was important to be incumbered
with as little baggage as possible, he setan exam-
ple to all under him. He took with him neither
a horse, nor an orderly, nor a servant, a camp
chest, an overcoat,norablanket, noreven aclean
shiit. His entire baggage for six days—I was
with him at that time—was a tooth brush. He
fared like the commonestsoldierin his command,
partaking of his rations and sleeping upon the
ground, with no covering excepting the canopy
of heaven. How could such a soldier fail to in-
spire confidence in an army, and to lead it to vic-
tory and to glory? Confer upon him the rank
contemplated by this bill, and you excite the en-
thusiasm of all your armies, and all your soldiers
will be eager to follow his victorious banners.
But, gentlemen say, wait and confer this rank
when the war is over. Sir, I want it conferred
now, because it is my most solemn and earnest
conviction that General Grant is the man upon
whom we must depend to fight out this rebellion
in the field, and bring this war to a speedy and
triumphant close. It is said that he will have to
leave his army if thisrankis conferred upon him
and come to Washington. Let me say to gentle-
men that they need have no uneasiness upon that
score. General Grant, if this appointment shall
be conferred upon him, will never leave the field,
but he will be with his army wherever his pres-
ence is most needed; he will be with his soldiers
to lead them on in thisgigantic struggle to preserve
our God-given Government, in winch he, in com-
mon with all loyal men, have so great an interest.
Mr. WHALEY. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether the appointment of
General Grant to the rank of lieutenant general
would have the slightest tendency to deprive him
of the privilege and "honor of becoming a candi-
date for the. next Piesidoncy?
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Mr.Speaker,
I do not intend to go into any political consider-
ations. I profess, in my action, so far as regards
this question, to have been influenced by the high-
est considerations of public duty. I cannot con-
ceive why gentlemen upon this side of the House
should be-§o sensitive in reference to the confer-
ring of this rank. I do notunderstand why they
are so unwilling to come to a vote. I believe that
upon this question there is but little difference of
opinion among the gteat people of this country
who ate to contiol its destinies, and who want
this war,closed and this hideous rebellion sup-
pressed at the earliest moment. Gentlemen may
sit hcte in their seats an.d refuse to second the de-
mand for the previous question, so that their rec-
ord may not be known, but I tell them that there
will be a record made hereafter. The people of
this country now want a fighting and a successful
general to lead their armies. They want a man who
is willing to risk his own life upon the field. They
have seen General Grant successful in every fight
from Belmont to Lookout Mountain, and they
now wish to sec him marshal our whole armies
and strike the last,greatest, and mostdeadlyblow
at the rebellion.
Mr. Speaker, I might go on much further, but
I have extended my remaiks far beyond what I
intended when I took the floor. I want the House
to come to a vote, and shall insist upon my motion
for the previous question.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Mr.Speak-
er, 1 accoid in the full measure of praise that has
b^cn bestowed on Geneial Grant. There is not a
man in ail ihe nation for whom I foel more respect
