1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8.
under consideiation, and particularly Senate bill
No. 168 and House bill No. 169,and had instructed
him to report the same back to the House with
amendments, am! with the recommendation that
they do pass.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.- I mow that
Senate bill No. 168, making an appropriation for
a fire-engine, be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 56, noes 40.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider ihe vote by which the bill was laid on
the tabic; ar.d also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider oil the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. The question now
comes up ot\the other bill in relation to the pen-
itentiary, &c. It* the House will assign another
day for the consideration of the District of Co-
lumbia business I would have no objection to ad-
journing and allowing this bill to go over.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope this
bill will be passed upon, and then that the House
will give unanimous consent to the assignmentof
another day to the District business.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I piopose that two
weeks from to-day be assigned for the consider-
ation of the business of tile" Distiict of Columbia.
' Mr. WASHBURNE, of 'Illinois. I will not
object to that, after the House takes action upon
this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman object, now?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do.
_ Mr. PRUYN. I ask whether it is not the posi-
tive order of the House that this bill be disposed
of.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair hag
already announced that this bill is before the
House for its action.
DISTRICT Oi' COLUMBIA PENITENTIARY.
The next was House bill No. 1G9, authorizing
the construction of a penitentiary, jail, and ho use
of correction in and for the District of Columbia,
reported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union with a substitute.
Mr. LLD RI DC L. Thegcntlcman from New
Yoilc [Mr. Nf.Liox] authorizes me to take back
the entire speech which he. made against thatbill.
lie admits that he was mistaken in his premises.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ritACY moved that the bill be recommit-
ted to the Committee for the Distort of Columbia.
Mr. WAS1I1SURNH, of Illinois, moved that
the bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. ELD RIDGE moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The House divided; and [hero were-.-'ayes 51,
noes 45. " '
Mr. WASHBURNE, of' Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered ;and Messrs. Wasiiburne,
of Illinois, and Eldiuogf:, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes G3, noes 40.
So she motion was agreed to.
And tiifn (at ten minutes before live o'clock,
p. m.) the House rejourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 8, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr'. Sunderland
i ne Journal of yesterday waslecid.unciappioved
TAXATION IN WASHINGTON. 1
Hie; VICL PKES1 DENT laid before the Senate '
thcii.iv^K-nonts oi\he fWe of IlcpresenfouI
to t 1 bil, (^. No. 126) to amend an act to uiroi-- '
pori'U- the inhabitants of the city of Washington, I
pc.Siscd May 15, lSi>0. |
Mr tamiEsi. I move that those amendments i
jc rrf"{red io the Commute cm the District of i'
Cohnnb;.?. I1
i M.* (notion was agreed to, j_
'"MON il.*g-LIUIii COM PAN Y. ;!
^ Int V [ (_ L IDENT laid be'ere the Senate j;
liie amend men k of the House oi' Remvsentatives l>
to n,-> bill (S. ,\o. i5.j) lo incorporate the Union .
C'l.u;. t'ij of tie- Dit-tue.to/ Colii'ilbia.
Tie- .^.ejetai y uad the aim ,nirn "its. \vhieii
"vet'e at toe .-i::/ ihie t«,o, on pi,ye u. ailir tiio
"tief-.-i." to oi v"i i ii or st II and m
line twenty-one, on the same psg;o, to strike out
the word " in" and insert " of."
Mr. "VV1LLEY. Those are merely verbal
amendments, and I move that the Senate concur
in them.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 22d of March, a statement showing the
number of nine months' volunteers and militia
raised under the act of July 17, ]t!62, and what
pottton of those troops received the bounty of
twenty-five dollars; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Wisconsin in favor of the passage of
an act requiring the issue of patents for land pur-
chased from the Stockbnclge Indians, in conform-
ity to an act of Congress, approved March 3, 1843,
and for the sale of the unsold lands of the Stock-
bridge reservation, and that the price be fixed at
$1 25 per acre; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILKINSON presented seven petitions
of citizens of Minnesota, praying for the passage
of the joint resolution amending the act of Con-
gress granting lands to the State of Minnesota to
aid in the construction of railroads therein, ap-
proved March 3, 1857, so as to allow the build-
ing of a road from Winona, via St. Peter or Man-
kato, to the Big Sioux river, south of the foity-
fifth parallel of noith latitude; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin in favorof
the passage of an act requiring the issue of patents
for lands purchased from the Stockbridge Indians,
lnconfoimity with an act approved March 3,1843,
ant! leeomniending the sale of all unsold lands of
the Stockbudge reservations, and that the price be
fixed at J>1 25 per acre; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affans.
DEPORTS J?ROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred a memorial of con-
tractors and builders of the side-wheel gunboats
known as the " double-eiidcrs,"praying that they
may be allowed extra compensation on their con-
tract, asked to In' discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be ieternal to tlie Commit-
tee on Naval Allans; which was agieeti to.
All. EOtiTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
dicial y, to whom was releried a bill (S. Aro. 131)
I to consolidate into one district, for judicial pur-
! poses, the northern and southern districts of Cal-
j iforma,aud for other purposes, reported it with
; an amendment.
I Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
j Judiciary, to whom was referred a lcsolution pio-
I posing a new rule of the Senate m relation toex-
. ecutive nominations, reported adversely thereon.
! WILLIAM 0. BROWN,
j Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on Claims
to whom was referred the bill (li. II. C. C. No.
lit!) for the relief of William G. Brown, have
directed me to repoit it back and recommend its
passage, and as the bill is for the payment ofbut
a small sum of money, lii nety-uine dollars, ami
to carry out a judgment of the Court of Claims,
I suggest that, if it be the pleasuie of the Senate,
it be passed now.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
dnect the Secretary of the Treasury to pav to
William G. Brown the sum of-ninety-nine dol-
lais m full for stone or other materials used by
order of the agents of the Government in the con-
struction of a pier in Little Sodus bay, on Lake
Ontaiio, in the year lc>33.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, iead the thiid time, and passed.
D.iltlUS S. COLE.
Mr. Hf-'NDPJCKS. TheCommitteeon Claims,
to whom we.s it feried the bill (II. R. C. C. No.
115) for Jl-e lela-t of Dai no/ h. Cole, have also
s'</,! i ueieu me to leport favorably upon it: and as
' ntmijar btii io (he other, d-'iemdm
the il
same state of facta almosf, and also enrryingout
a judgment of the Court of Claims, i ask that
it bo put on its pn^age.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Darius S. Cole the sum of 4, in
full for materials furnished to the United States
for the construction of the pier in Little Sodus
bay, Lake Ontario.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
there is any report accompanying the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The facta are stated in
the finding of the Court of Claims, and therefbie
the committee thought it was not nenessaiy to
make a detailed leport,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inquire simply if
it is recommended by a judgment of the Court of
Claims. b
Mr- HENDRICKS. It is the judgment of the
Court of Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I have no objection
to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third leading, iecid tlie
third time, and passed.
DANIEL W0K5IER.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee 011 Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. 11. C. C. No.
114) for the relief of Daniel Wormer, have also
instructed me to report it back favorably; and
as it is of the same class, cat ry ing out a judgment
of the pourt of Claims, I desire to have it put
upon its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider tile bill.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Daniel Wormer the sum of £1,778 36, in full
for all percentage retained by the Government oil
payments heretofore made toliim,and for alitim-
ber or other materials turnished by linn in the
construction of the pier at Little Sodus bay, on
Lake Ontario.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
NAME OF A COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committeeon Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. It. iNo.
287) to change the name of the distuct hud port
ot Presque Isle to the district and port of Eiies
ha\e directed me to report it with an amendment,
and I ask for its present consideration. It is very-
short and will iead to no debate.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. The amend-
ment of the Committee on Commerce was m line
thiee, after the words " Presque Isie" to insert
the words "in the State of Pennsylvania."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred m. 'The
amendment was oidered to be engrossed and ilie
bill to be read a thud tune, and it was read the
thud time, and passed.
CUSTOMS OKFIClSltS AT PORTLAND.
Mr. MOR.RILL. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was leferrcd a bill
(II. 11. No. 373) to appoint an apprcusei and as-
sistant appraiser for the poit of Poi tland, and for
other pui poses, to repoit the same back favuiably,
and I ask for its present consideiatiun.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. Its purpose is to
authorize the President of the United Slate--, with
the advice and consent of the S< note, tn appoint
an appraiser and assistant app.aiser foi the pert
of Portland, Mai ne, whose duties shall be the sain.;
as those of similar officer* m other poits; and to
amend the ninth section of the net of May 7.1c2'2,
entitled ''An act bother to estabhs'h the' eonii-.in-
sation of officers of the customs, and toabei cer-
tain collection districts, and for other purjueji
by adding Portland to the ports tbeiein enumer-
ated. _ And the deputy collectors, not exceeding
three in number, and the appraiser of tin- pmt are
each to receive the compensation of $;2,OUO per
annum, and the assistant appraiser J1,5U0 pes- an-
num.
The bill was reported to tin: St wue "wnlicut
amendment, oidered tu u ihiid midiug, iead the
thud time, and pus.sed.
