1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
OKDEll OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 move to uke up a bill of
the House of Representatives, No. 206, entitled
l,A bill in addition to an act for the establishment
of certain arsenals."
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator allow me
to offer a resolution of inquiry first and ask for its
present consideration?
Tiie yiCE PRESIDENT. The introduction
of bills is fust in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask leave to introduce a
bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand the Senator
fiom Michigan to move to take up a bill.
Mi. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will al-
low us to mtioduce bills.
Mr. HOWARD. I have moved to take up
House lull No. 206.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator to yield the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir, I did not. I wish
to take up this bill, and then of course I will ac-
commodate other gentlemen.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 hope the resolution that I of-
fered, and which was under consideration yester-
day morning, will come up, merely for the pur-
pose of having a vote upon it. I do not desire to
say a word further in relation to it. I merely ask
the Senate to take a vote upon it and I shall tres-
pass upon them no more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan, to
take up the bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. Now, the bill being up, 1
will give way to allow morning business to be
received for a few minutes.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr.GRIMES asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 220) to
provide fov the establishment of a County and Dis-
trict of Columbia Industrial Noimal School, and
for other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, and rcfenedto the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. HOW ARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
221_) for the reliefof Robert WagsfatY; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also a.sked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 42) to extend the time for the reversion to
the United States of the lands granted by Con-
gicss to aid in the construction of amilroad from
Pore Marquette to Flint, and for the completion
of said road; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to tho Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained* leave to introduce a 1 ui 1 (S. No.
222) extending the juusdiction of distuct courts;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 223) to
regulate the foreign and coasting tiade on the
noitliern, northeastern, and northwestern front-
iers of the United States, and for other purpose^;
which was read twice by its title, and refem d to
the Committer <m Commerce.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
225) for the relief of certain friendly Indians of
the Sioux nation in Minnesota; which was read
twice by its title', and refeired to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained,leave to introduce a bill (S. jNro.
224) to provide a national cunency secured bya
pledge of United States stocks, and to piovide
for the circulation and redemption thereof; which
was rend twice by its lit'e.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that bill is referred,
I v. ill state that the bill mnv introduced by me is
the same bill fhaf was perfected in the House of
R'-nres. ntat-ves, but by a misunderstanding or
Uisagi ei mentot the liiendsof ihe bill was defeated
the other day. I mti oduce it now in its pei fee ted
form, aod ask its ie fere nee to the Committee on
Finance.
' it was so referred.
FIIOFKSSORS AT NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered byunanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Nnva! Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into thy expediency of placing the pro-
fessors of Ethics, of Spanish, and of Drawing, at the Naval
Acadcmy, on the same footing with the other professors,
ARHESTS AT ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rrsnlvpri, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate any information in hi* possession
touching the reeentairest of Captam C. B. l'Vigu<on,quar-
termaster United .Slates Aunv, and Captain William rfiod-
datd, a-sM<int qmiteunaMur of volunfeis, lately in ciiaige
of the nniitaiy depot at Alexandiia, Vtiguua.#
ORPEIt 01' BUSINESS.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask that my resolution in re-
gard to Yocum's case be taken up now; and it can
be passed by informally to allow gentlemen to in-
terpose other business.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 will agree to that if itdoes
not displace my bill that is now before the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky will permit the btil that the Senator from
Michigan has under consideration to be proceeded
with. It will take up just about the morning hour.
It is a very important bill, I know.
Mr. DAVIS. If my resolution is taken up,
meiely to be before the Senate at any time that I
choose to call it up, I will give place to this busi-
ness, or any other business tlu>t may be offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
permit the Chair to suggest that if the Chair un-
derstands the desire of the Senator, if the bill be-
fore the Senate should consume the whole of the
morning hour, he would not accomplish his ob-
ject, for that would be the actual pending question
at the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. DAVIS. I ba\e no objection to the reso-
lution being superseded by this bill m that way.
If the bill has the effect to supeisede it, 1 will ac-
quiesce cheerfully; but I move to take up the res-
olution, and it it be taken up i will then consent
that the bill desired by the Senator from Michigan
shall be taken up, and that my lesoiution shall be
ovei slaus, hed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill of the
Senator fiom Michigan has been taken up on the
vote of the Senate, and is now before the Senate.
Ail these other motions have intervened by the
unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD, i hope we shall proceed with
the bill.
ROCK ISLAND ARSENAL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 20(1) in addition to an act for the establish-
ment of certain aisennls is before the Senate as
in Committee of ihe Whole, and will be read.
The SeciefiW read the bill. It if cites that it
is necessary that the Government of the United
Srates should at an t ai ly day, for the purpose of
the arsenal at Rock M.uul, in the Slate of I iiinois,
pmuded for in the ;<ct passed July H, 18G'2, ob-
tain the possession of anil title to eert.nu lands,
now the properf y of prn ate persons, upon which
to locate the jirseiril, with the giounds and build-
ings needful foi and to nuke a pait of the same;
and it therefore empowers tin: Secretary of War
to take and hold lull, complete, and peimanent
possession, m beh.df of the United States, of all
the Unds and shores of the iJand of Rock Island,
in the State of Illinois^ the wame, when so pos-
sessed, tf  be held and kept as a mihtary resei va-
tion by the War Department, upon which shall
be hui't and maintained an arsenal for the con-
struction, deposit, and icpair of aims and muni-
tions of war, and such other military establish-
ments as have been or may be authorized by law
to be placed thereon in connection with such ar-
senal.
If it shall appear upon examination by the At-
torney General of the United States of the titles
of the lands on Rock Island taken and occupied
by the Secretary of War for an arsenol and other
military purposes, that any part or parcels thereof
aie now the property of, and are rightfully pos-
sessed by, any individual or coiporu'iou as his
or their own private property, the value ot the
pnvate property so taken, and a just compensa-
tion for any damages caused by the taking, shall,
if mutually agreed on by the Secretary of "War
and the rightful owner or owners, and approved
by the President, be paid by the Secretary of the
Ireasuiy to the rightful owner or owners so
 gieeing,out of the appropriations made or to be
made for the construction of the arsenal; but be-
fore such payment shall be made, the owner or
owners of such private lands so taken, or such of
them as shall a^ree, shall by good and sufficient
deed or deeds, in due form of law, and approved
by the Attorney General, fully release and con-
vey to the United States all their several and re-
spective rights in and titles to the lands so taken.
If the Secretary of War shall notagree with any
private owner or owners of land so taken for the
use of the United States for military purposes,or
if any such owner or owners shall refuse to ac-
cept the sum to be paid to him or them by the
Secretary of the Treasury as the true value, or
shall from any other cause neglect or fail for the
space of twelve months after the taking to exe-
cute and deliver the deed or deeds needful, in the
opinion of the Attorney General, to convey to
the United States the title of the lands taken, there
shall forthwith be selected three competent per-
sons, who shall be named and appointed by the
President and constituted a board of commission-
ers, whose duty it shall be to hear the parties in-
terested, who may appear before them upon rea-
sonable notice of time and place, and ascertain
the tiue value of the land taken, and of the sev-
eral parcels thereof that shall not have been con-
veyed to or paid for by the United States,and the
names and titles of the claimants thereof, if more
than one, and their respective interests therein,
and what compensation for the taking of their
lands is due to each claimant. The board ofcom-
missioners is to report as early as practicable after
their appointment to the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States within the district in which the lands
are situated; and in case of a difference of opin-
ion in the board as to the matters rnfened to them,
the leport of a majority of the commissioners is
to be held to be the report of the board.
The circuit court, upon the return and exam-
ination of the report of the commissioners, shall,
for the parcels of land taken, as to which there
appear to be no conflicting claims for compensa-
tion, by decree order the sums awarded by the
commissioners m their report to be paid to the
person or persons who shall, according to the re-
port, be entitled thereto, and who shall apply
therefor, and who shall, by writing filed in the
court, waive his or their right to an appeal from
the detei imnaiion of the board of commissioners,
and agice to accept the sum awarded, in full sat-
isfaction of his or their claims for the lands taken
by the United States; but if the party so entitled
and applying or tiling a complaint, as is subse-
quently provided iji the bill* shall have an estate
foi life only in the land, or any estate less than
a fee simple, or shall be a married woman, or a
minor, onion compos mentis, the court shall, in
its final judgment or decree, make such order for
the payment of the compensation to the party or
for its payment into court; and as to the invest-
ment of the principal and disposal of the income,
or interest thereof, as shall be just and equitable,
and for the protection of the rights of those inter-
ested, in accoidance with the rules and practice
of courts of equity, m cases where a fund in court
is to be divided and administered.
Provision is made to adjust the cases of those
who may be dissatisfied with the decisions made,
through vauous courts, with a right of appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United States; and in
all cases of final judgments or decrees by the cir-
cuit court, oi, on appeal, by the Supreme Court,
where the same shall be tinned in fa\or of the
claimant, the sum due thereby shall be paid either
to the claimant or into the circuit court, as the
judgment or decree may determine, by the Uni-
ted States, out of the money appropi iated for the
construction and maintenance of the arsenal, on
piesentation to the Secretary ot the Treasury of
a copy of the judgment or deciee signed by the
presiding judge, und certified by the clerk of the
circuit coij11. Such payment to be a full dis-
charge to the United Sta'tes for the compensation
and damages due for the taking of the lands, in
respect of winch the judgment or decree was ren-
dered or made, and 'to forevei !>ar any further
chum or demand against the United States arising
out of the taking of such land. Every claim against
