1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
in order that the whole House might see the ir-
relevancy of the gentleman's remarks to the bill
now pending.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to offer an amendment
as an additional section to the bill.
The SPEAKER. Amendments at this stage
are not in order. The bill has passed tlie third
rending, and the question now is, shall it pass?
Mr. BROOKS. Would it be in order to move
a reconsideration ?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. BROOKS. Would that bring up the merits
of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It would, but the merits of
this bill only.
Mr. BROOKS. It would leave no more lati-
tude for discussion?
The SPEAKER. No wider latitude than the
bill itself.
Mr. BROOKS. I move, then, to recommit the
bill to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, with instructions to add the following as an
additional section:
The provisions of this bill shall apply to the chy of New
York, and the persons herein named shall have power to
organize and manage a honn; for newsboys in said city:
Provided, It shall not be lawful for the Executive of the
United States, or any officer acting tinder his authority, to
suppress newspapers in said city by military force, thus de-
priving said newsboys of tiieir employment.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides, without
the point of order being made, that the amend-
ment is palpably out of order.
Mr. BROOKS. My proposition is that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee forthe Dis-
trict of Columbia, with instruction's to report that
as an additional section.
The SPEAKER. The committee cannot be
instructed to do what the House itself cannot do.
An amendment with reference to the city of New
York is not in order. The gentleman from New
York of course understands that.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I rise to a question of
order. The House decided lately that Congress
had power, to charter railroads in New Jersey,
and 1 do not see why it cannot charter a news-
boys' home in the city of New York.
The SPEAKER. The Clmir overrules the
point of order. The decision of the House on the
New Jersey railroad bill has nothing to do with
this case.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to recommit the bill
with instructions to report an additional section
that 110 newsboy in the city of Washington shall
be arrested or editor incarcerated without due
process of law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides the mo-
tion out of order, on the ground that it has noth-
ing to do with the propriety of the incorporation
of a newsboys' home.
Mr. COX. Has the Chair read the Constitu-
tion of the United States on that subject? [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair has read it very
often, [laughter,] and he has also often sworn to
support it.
Mr. FENTON. I move the previous question
011 the bill.
Mr. KERNAN. I have not yielded the floor
for that purpose.
Mr. BROOKS. I have not demanded the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] gave up the floor and took
his seat, as the Chair understood.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 beg pardon of the Chair.
The Chair misunderstood me. I have taken par-
ticular care not to sit down since this discussion
commenced, knowing how sharp gentlemen on
the other side of the House are.
Mr. FENTON. The Chair decided the mo-
tion of the gentleman to bo out of order. The
gentleman then commenced writing at his desk
without intimating what his purpose was.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from New Yolk surrendered the floor.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 have not surrendered the
floor.
Mr. COX. 1 raise the point of order that the
ruling of the Chair always is that the word of a
member in all these cases must be taken.
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman from
Ohio can find a case where the Chair has refused
to take the word of a member it will be time.for
him to make the point of order.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] states that he did not sit down.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair decides that
the gentleman is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KERNAN. I ask the gentleman from
New York to yiclil-to me.
Mr. FENTON. I object. '
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can yield in
explanation of this measure, according to the de-
cision on page 72 of Barclay's Digest.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Do 1 understand the
Chair to decide that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] is still entitled to the floor?
The'SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York states that he did not resume his seat, and
according to his general usage the Chair accepts
what the gentleman has stated, although he seemed
to have taken his seat.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I raise the point of
order that the Chair and the House cannot be
trifled with by a gentleman rising and sitting, and
rising and sitting, and experimenting with amend-
ments from time to time, getting the decisions of
the Chair against them, and then commencing to
write others.
Mr. BROOKS. Thtft is no point of order. I
am not trifling with the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is nothing else.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from New York has the right to the
floor for an hour.
Mr. BROOKS. I yield to my colleague, [Mr.
Kernan.]
Mr. MORRILL. Does the gentleman from
New York yield unconditionally?
Mr. BROOKS. No, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I object tohis yielding.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to yield according to the rule which says that
when a member is occupying the floor he may
yield it to another for explanation of the pending
measure as well as for personal explanation. The
gentleman yields to his colleague for explanation
of the pending measure—the incorporation of a
newsboys' home—but the remarks of the gen-
tleman must be confined to that matter.
Mr. KERNAN. I desire to urge upon the
House that in view of recent events it is import-
ant that this home should be incorporated, anil
made a very extensive institution. If it be true
that any executive officer can in a moment arrest
the circulation of a paper of large circulation 
Mr. WILSON. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the gentleman is not confining him-
self, in the remarks he is making, to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order, and states to the gentleman from
NewYork that he cannot, with the consentof the
Chair, do by indirection what the House and the
Chair have decided he cannot do directly.
Mr. KERNAN. Will the Clmir allow me a
suggestion, in good faith, for I do not wish to
trouble him or tiieHouse out of order? Idid sup-
pose that I might legitimately argue, from recent
events, that it was important to have a newsboys'
home established, for the reason that they were
liable at any moment to be thrown out of employ-
ment. That was the line of argument I was pur-
suing, and I was applying to it facts of recent oc-
currence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has heard the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from New York, but
still decides his remarks to be out of order, upon
the same ground. The gentleman might discuss
the whole policy of the war upon this bill if the
remarks he now makes are in order.
Mr. KERNAN. I did not desire to discuss the
questions of the war, but the uncertainty at this
time of the business of selling newspapers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the re-
marks of the gentleman are not in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I am decidedly in favor of this
bill, and hope it will be passed. I know of 110
period of time so well adapted for the establish-
ment of a newsboys' home as the present period,
and of no place more appropriate than this city
of Washington. It always lifts been necessmy,
and now more than ever is it indispensably ne-
cessary for the welfare and safety of the country,
and above all for the journalism of the country.
It is your pride, Mr. Speaker, it is my pride that
inour earlier years we have been newsboys, raised
in newspaper offices, and ate journalists. And
it is highly desirable that tf any misfortune should
overtake us either by poverty, disease, or fey any
arbitrary exercise of Federal power,- thafca Ire me
be prepared for us to be sanctioned and sustained
by th.e Federal Government, and under tire com-
mand of officers high in authority. . ,
Mr. NELSON. 1 think some of;th$ newspa-
per men have been assigned to Fort . La .Fayette
as a home; I wish toask the genllemaEifromNew
York if he is ifi favor of the maintenance of that
as a home? .
Mr.. BROOKS. Th is is a bill fojr the establish-
ment of a home for newsboys iri the city of Wash-
ington, and I am in favor of establishing itin the
building pow known as the Old Capitol prison.
I desire to see that building well prepared and
decorated for their entertainment jun^omforjt
when the high hand of Federal authoritjffliali be .
laid upon them. I ask for the erection of a news-
boys' home, and I desire that it may be in a situ-
ation that will lead them to the thorough study
and comprehension of the great principles of hu-
man liberty. I would have them read and reread
the Magna Charta not only in the translation, but
in the original Latin. I would have them edu-
cated and thoroughly trained in all the principles
in which that great charter was extorted by the *
Barons at Runny mede from King John. I would
especially have impressed upon them that great
principle—nullus liber homo cajriatur, vel impris•
onetur, aut desseisiatur de libera tenemento,
no freeman shall be seized or imprisoned but by
duo process of law. I would have it .placarded
upon the wall#of that Capitol prison to be read
and reread in English, in" Latin, in German) in
Spanish, and in all -modern languages, so that it
may be thoroughly understood by every news-
boy who went to that home. I would have the
newsboys educated in that school where they
should read and reread the Whole history of Eng-
land, that the facts may be brought home to them
that were brought home to our fathers, who made
the Constitution of the United States, and pro-
vided that no man should bearrested withputdue
process of law. I would have brought homo to
them the fact that there is nothing original in that
Constitution which had not already existed in
the common law of England for three or five hun-
dred years before it was ingrafted in the Federal
Constitution. I would have these newsboys so
thoroughly trained in these great principles that
when they stepped from selling newspapers to the
position of journalist and saw the attempt made „
to strike down the liberty of the press they should
rise up in their might and vindicate these great
doctrines. Is that out of order? [A voice on
the Democratic side, ironically, " It's slightly
treasonable, I am afraid."]
Mr. BROOKS. Treasonable I Sir, they who
commit treason against the United States are they
who violate these great principles. They who
commit treason against the Constitution are they
who imprison newsboys, or journalists, or any
other class of persons in any sort of home, against
the guarantees of the Constitution. Treason
against the Constitution is a violation of the Con-
stitution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must arrest the
remarks of the gentleman from New York, as
they are not in order.
Mr. BROOKS. If this is not in order, then I
may as well sit down. .
Mr. PATTERSON. I demand the previous
question 011 the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mfr. PATTERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECIPROCITY TREATY AGAIN. -
Mr. FENTON. I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Sloan,] to withdraw his objec-
tion to making the joint lesolution in regard to
the reciprocity treaty the special order for to-
morrow after the morning hour, and from day to
day until disposed of.
Mr. SLOAN. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. STEVENS. Does not this come up in
the morning hour?
