482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1.
omitted by the proper enrolling officers; all poisons who j
snail arrive at the ageof twenty years before the draft; and !
all persons discharged from the military or naval seiviee of j
the United States who have not been in such service two !
years during the present war; and said boards of cmollment i
shall release and discharge from draft all persons who, be- i
tvveen the time of the enrollment and the draft, shall have I
arrived at the age of forty-live years,-and shall stake the
names of such per&onsfiom the emollment. I
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, Thatany person drafted
into the militaiy service of the United States may, befoie
*the time fixed for his appearance at the draft rendezvous,
furnish an acceptable substitute, subject to such rules and
regulations as may be pre&eubed by the Secretary of VVai.
If such substitute is not liable to diaft, the person furnish-
ing him shall be exempt from draft duung the"time loi which
such substitute is not liable to draft,not exceeding the term
for which he was drafted; and if such substitute is liable
to draft, the name of the person furnishing him shall be lia-
ble to draft in filling future quotas. And it any diafted per-
son shall hereafter pay money for the procuration of a sub-
stitute, under the ptovision of the act to which this is an
amendment, such payment of money shall opeiute only to
relieve such person from d.aft in filling that quota,and his
name shall be retained on the roll in filling futuie quotas;
but in no instance shall the exemption of any person, on
account of his payment of commutation money for the pro-
curation of a substitute, extend beyond one yeai; but at the
end of one year in every such ease the name of any person
so exempted "shall be enrolled again, if not befoie letuiued
to the enrollment list under the provisions of this section.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That any diafted per-
son who shall be declared to be exempt by reason ot phys-
ical disability, and whose annual gains, profits, or income,
as ascertained by the provisions ot the act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, and to pay m-
tereston the pubiicdebt, approved July t, 1862, and the acts
amendatoiy theieof, cxceed the sum of $i,200, exclusive
of all deductions authorized to he made in said acts, such
person shall pay the sum of $300 to the person authorized
to receive commutation money from drafted persons not
exempted. And it shall be the duty of the piovost matshal
of eaeh district to transmit to the collector of internal icv-
enue of such district the names and residences ot all per-
sons diafted and declaied to be exempt by reason of phys-
ical disability; and if any drafted person so declared to be
exempt,and whose annual sains,profits, or income exceed
the sum of §1,200, to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall neg-
lect or sefuse for the period of ten days after his name
shall have been transmitted to thecollectorof internal lev-
enue to pay the sum of §300 as aforesaid, it shall be the
duty of the collector of internal revenue to collet tsaid sum
in the manner provided bv law for tile collection of income
tux in default, together with all the penalties and costs
therein piovufed, and to pav over the said to the pei -
son authorized as aforesaid; am! such drifted pet son so
declared fo he exempt, by tea-on of phy-ical disability, who
shall pay the sum ot ,^300 w iLlmi ten days alter his" name
shall have been transmitted to me collector of internal rev-
enue, shall not atiain he liable to draft duung the time for
which lie was drafted; but if such person shall neglect or
tefuse to pav said sum for the period of ten days as afore-
said, he shall he liable to draft whenever the Purulent of
the United States thai! call for men fiom the dia'tiictm
which he lende*. And u shall be the duty of l he collector
of Internal levenue to transmit to the piovost maish.il the
names and residences ot all such peisons leqiuied to pay
the sum of >£300 as aforesaid who shall neglect or icfuse.
for the period often days, to pay said Mini,
Sec. 8. And be'it further enewted, That no person of for
eign birth shall, on account of alienage, he exempted fiom
enrollment or diaft under the piovisions of this act, or the
act to which it is an amendment, who has at any tune as-
sumed the rights of a citizen by voting at any election held
undei authority of the laws ot any State or Teiritory, or of
the United States, or who has held any office undet such
laws or any of them; but the tact that any such pei*on of
foreign birth has voted or held, or shall vo'te or hoid,olfice
as aforesaid, shall he taken asconelusive evidence that he
is no? entitled to exemption fiom military sei vice on account
of alienage.
Sue. 9. And he it further cn«dcrf,That any maiinei oiable
seaman who shall be dialtodundei the act approved March
0, 1803, entitled u An act foi eutollmg and calling out the
national forces, and foi oihei purposes,'"shall have the right,
within eight da>s after file notification ot such (halt, to en-
list in the naval seiviee as a seaman, and a eeituieate that
he has so enlisted bemg made out m confoi mitj with i emu-
lations w Inch may be prr-cnbcd by the Secietarj of the
IVavy, and duly presented to the piovost mai-hal of the dis-
tiict in which such manner oi able teaman -shall have been
diafted, shall exempt him from such dratt: Provided, That
the period frti which he shall have enlisted into the naval
service shall not he less than the penod foi winch he shall
have been drafted into the military seiviee: And proiith'd
fudher, That the said ceitiiicate shall deelaie that satis-
factory pioot has been made before the naval oflicei inning
the same that the said petson m> enlisting m the Navy is a
urartnei by vocation, oi an able* seaman.
Sec. 10. And be it fuithei enactcd, 'J'hat whenever any
such mariner oi able seaman shall ha\ e been exempted from
such draft into the miiitaiy ^« t vice by mk*!i eniisiment into
the naval service, under Mich due eeitificate theieof, the
"vvaul, town, township, pieeuiet. or county. when the same
is not divided into wards, towns, townsh'ps, oi precinct,
fiom which btich person lias been diafted. shall be credited
upon its quota to all intents, and pus pos-es as if he had been
duly mufeteicd in the military beivice undet such diaff.
_ Skc. II. And be it Jurther enacted< That all enlistments
into the naval seiviee oi marine corps that may be heie- j
titter made of peisons liable to service under the act of Con-
gress entitled "An act foi emolling and callim* out the
national force-*, and forothei puipo*« s,  approved Maich
3, 18o3, shall be credited to the waid, town, township, pte-
cinct, oi county, when the same is not divided into ward*,
towns, townships, or pi«cinct«,in which such enlisted men
were or may be enrolled and liable to duty under the act
aforesaid, under such legulations as the Provost Marshal
General of the United Slates may piescribe.
Sec. 12. Aiid be Ufinthcr endctcd, That no pilot, en- !
gineer, or mastci-at-aims. having an appointment or acting
appointment as such, and being actually in the naval ser-
vice. shall be subject to miiitaiy dratt while holding such
appointment
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the following
persons be, and they are hereby, excepted and exempted
from the provisions of this act, and shall not be liable to
miiitaiy duty under the same, to wit: such as are rejected as
phy&icaily or mentally unfit tor the service; the Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, the judges of the various courts
of the United States, the heads of the various Executive De-
partments of the Government, the Governois of the several
States, all persons actually m the military or naval seiviee
of the United States at the time of diaft, and all persons
who have served in the militai y or naval service two years
during the present war and been honorably dischaiged there-
fiom. And no persons but such as arc heiein excepted
shall be exempt
Sec. 14. Uhid be it further enacted, That section three of
an act entitled "An act for enrolling and calling out the
national forces, and for other purposes," approved Maich
3,1863, and so much of section ten of said act a^ provides
for the separate enrollment of each class, be, and the same
are heieby, repealed; and the. two classes mentioned in
the third section of said act shall be consolidated.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That any person who
shall forcibly resist or oppose any eniolhnent, or who shall
incite, counsel, encourage, or whoshalleonspneorconted-
erate with tin j other person oi poisons forcibly to resistor op-
pose any such enioliment, or who shall aid oi assist or take
any pait in any forcible lesntance or opposition thereto, or
who shall assault, obsti uet, hinder, impede, or thi eaten any
officcr or other peioon employed oi aiding m making such
enrollment, or employed or aiding in the performance of
any seiviee relating thereto, or in arresting or aiding to ar-
rest any spy oi deseiter from the military service of the
United States, shall, upon conviction thereof in any couit
competent to try the offense, be, punished by a fine not ex-
ceeding §5,000, or by impusonment not exceeding five
years, or by both of said punishment-5, in the di*cietion of
the court; but nothing m this section contained shall be
construed to relieve the party offending from liability under
propei indictment or process for any uime against tlie laws
of a State, commuted by him while violating the provisions
of this section.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
Wai shall detail or appoint such numbci of additional sur-
geons for temporary duty in the examination of peisons
diafted into tbe nulitaij service, in anv district, as may be
necessary to secure the prompt examination of all such
peisons.andto fix the compensation to be paid to surgeons
so appointed while actually employed. And such sur-
geons, r,o detailed or appointed, shall perloim the same
duties a-> the suigeon of the boaid of einollment, except
that they shall not be permitted to vote or sit with the
hoaidof enrollment.
Sec. J 7. And he it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War is auihonzed, whenever m his judgment the public
infeiest will be subseived theieby, to permit or tequite
boards ot examination of enrolled" or drafted men to hold
their examinations at different points within then leapect-
ive cmolhneiii dMiicN, to be determined by him.
Skc. ly. And be it further enacted, That provost mai-
shals, boaids of eniolhnent, oi any member theieof, acting
by authoiity of the boaid, shall have power to summon wit-
nesses m behalf of the Government, and enforce their at-
tendance by attach men t without previous paj ment of fees,
in any case pending before them, oi eahei of them ; and
the fees allowed foi witnesses attending under summons
shall be five cents per mile foi mileage ; and no other fees
or coots shall be allowed under the piovisions ot this sec-
tion ; and they shall have powei to administer oath* and
affirmations;. And any petson who shall willfully and cor-
ruptly swear ot afliun falsely before any piovost matshal or
boaid of e moll merit, or member thereof, acting by authot-
itv of th* boaid, or who  ha!l, before any civil mugistiate,
willfully and eonuptlv swear or affirm falsely, to any affi-
davit to be used in any ease pending before any piovost
niaisbal oi boaid ot emollment, shall, on conviction, be
fined not exceeding ftoOO, and impiisoncd not less than six
mouths nor moie than twelve months.
Sue* 19. And be it further enacted, That copies of any
iecoid of a provost mat--h.il or boaid of enrollment, or of
any part theieof, certified h\ the provost maishal, or ama-
jonty ot said boaid of emollment, shall he deemed and
taken as evidence in any ci\ il or imht.it v coui tin like man-
ner in the oiigmal iecoid : Pionded, '1 hat it any person
shall knowi Kirlvewi til v any fahe copy ot copies of such iec-
oid, to be u--crj in any cj\ il or mtluaiy eotut, he shall be
subj, ct to the pains and penalties of peijutv
She. '20. And he it f Hither en,tctcd, That all claims to ex-
emption shall he venfied by the oath or affnmation of the
pany claiming exemption to the ti uth of the tacts stated,
unless it shall ?-at istactm tly appear to the hoard of einoll-
ment that such paity is toi some and sufficient reason un-
able. to make at piesent such oath oi affirmation; and the
testimony ofanv other paity filed iusiippoitof a claim to
exemption shall also be made upon oath or affirmation.
Sr-.o. 21. And he \t flather enacted, That if any poison
diatred and liable to iender military seivico, shall ptoi uie
adecnini) ot the hoaidof eniolhnent in his favoi upon a
claim to exemption byanyfiaudoi ial-=e lepresentation
pi.K ticed by himself or by his pioeuinnent. such d"c jsiou
oi expmptiou shall be ofno effect, and the peuou exempted,
oi in whose favoi the decision may be made, shall be
deemed a deseitei, and may be arrested, {tied bv couit*
martial, and punished as such, and Mia'd be held tosmvice
for the tull teim toi which ho was diatted, teckonuigfiom
tlie time of his atiest
Si:c. 22. And be it fnither enactcd, That an3* person who
shall piocuic, oi attempt to ptocme, a false report fiom the
surgeon of the board of emollmeiit concerning the phvsical
condition oi any diafted peison, or a deeision in favor of
such petson by the boaid of emo'llmcnt upon a claim to ex-
emption, knowing the ^imo tube false,shall,upon ronviC-
tion in any district or ciicuif couit of the United States, be
pumped b) imprisonment for the period for which the
patty was diafted.
Seo. 23. And be it farther cnactcd, That the fifteenth suc-
tion of the act to which this is amendatoiy be so amended
tUatit will read as follows: thatany sutgeon charged with
the duty of such inspection, wfio shall leceivo fiom any
person whomsoever any money oi other valuable thing, or
agree, directly or indirectly, to receivc the same to his own
or anothei's use, for making an imperfect inspection, or a
false or incorrect lepoit, or who shall willfully neglect to
make a faithful inspection and true lepoit, and each mem-
ber of the board of enrollment whoshall wiilluily agiee to
the dischaige from service of any diafted person who Is not
legally and properly entitled to «uch discharge, shall be
tried by acourt-maitial,and,on conviction thereof, be pun-
ished by a fine not less than §300 and not moie than $10,000,
shall tie imprisoned at the discietion of the court, and be
cashiered and dismissed the service.
Sec. 24. Andbeitfurther enacted, That the fees of agents
and attorneys for making out and causing to be executed J-
any papers in support of « claim for exemption from draft,
or for any services that may be rendeied to the claimant,
shall not, in :«ny case, exceed five dollars ; and physicians
or surgeons furnishing certificates of d usability to any claim-
ant foi exemption from (haft shall not be entitled to any lees
or compensation therefor. And any agent or attorney who
shall, directly or indnectly, demand or receive any greater
compensation for his services under tlii-* act, and any phy-
sician or smgeon^jvho shall, directly oi indnectly, demand
or li'ceive any compensation for fuini&lnngsaid ceitificatcs
ot disability, shall be deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor,
and, upon conviction, shall, for eveiy such offence, be fined
not exceed ma ,$'500, to be recovered before any couit of com-
petent jurisdiction tu an action of debt, one half for the use
of any iufoimei who may sue foi the same in the name of
the United States, and tjie other half for the iKe of the Uni-
ted States, and shall also be subject to impusonment for a
teim not exceeding one yeai, at the discietion of the court.
Skc. 25. And be it fuithcr cnacted, That no member of
the hoaidof eniolhnent, and no suigeon detailed or em-
ployed to assist the hoatd of enrollment, and no chnk, as-
sistant, or employe of any piovost marsh..1 oi hoatd of
enrollment, shall, directly or indirectly, be engaged m pio-
cming or attempting to procuie substitutes for peisons *
drafted, or liable to be dratted, into the military service of
the United States. And if any member of a boaid of en-
rollment, or any such surgeon, clcik, assistant, or em ploy
shall procure, or attempt to procure, a substitute for any
peisou drafted, oi liable to he drafted, as aforesaid, he %hall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, upon con-
viction, be punished by imprisonment not less than thirty
days nor more tlian six months, and pay a fine not less than
one huudn'd nor more than one thousand dollars, by any
couit having competent jm isdiction.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That so much of the
act entitled u An act tor enrolling and calling out the na-
tional foiees, and for other puiposcs," appioved on the 3d
day of March, 18H3, as may be inconsistent with the pro-
visions of this act is heieby repealed.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by-
sections for amendment.
The first section was read, as follows:
That the President of the United States shall be author-
ised, whenever he shall deem it necessary, dui mg the pies-
ent war. to call for such number of men foi the military
seiviee of the United States as the public exigencies may
icquite.
Mr. A. MYERS moved to add the following:
And alt peisons drafted and entering the mthtaty service
of the United States to continue, in the samefoi a teimnot
exceeding eighteen months.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Secttonxfour was read, as follows:
SF,r. 4. And he it jurther cnactcd, That any person en-
lollcd under the piovisionsof the act for enioilmg and call-
ing out the national forces, and for othei purposes, approved
March 3, 1863, or who may hereaftei he so emolled, may
furnish, at any tune, an acceptable substitute, who is not
liable to diait, and such person so furnishing a substitute
shall be exempt fiom diaft during the time tor which s-ueh
Mibstitute shall not be liable to d'aft. not cxeecdins thiec
yeais; bifllno per-on in the sot vice of the United States
shall become a substitute to peive m anv regimentorcom-
pany except among the tioops of the State nt which he
onginally enli-t.'d oi in.m which he wa^ diafted.
Mr. FINCK. I move the following amend-
ment:
In line six strike out the words "who is not liable to
diait and hi line eightstuke out not be liable to draft,
and insertt* be mustetod into tlie seiviee."
Mr. Chairman, tins section refuses to allow a
party enrolled and subject to draft, before the draft
actually takes place to furnish a substitute; and
futthermore, it limits tlie kind of substitute to be
presented by the drafted man—it confines the sub-
stitute to those peisons who are not liable to the
draft. I think that it would be right aftertbe en-
rollment and the draft have taken place to aljovv
drafted men to furnish as substitutes those not
drafted, whether their names are upon the roil or
not. It appears to me to be the true policy of the
American people to raise men by a volunlaiy sys-
tem. Now, befoie this draft takes place, when
you have half a million, or a million m a State, if
you make a provision that the party whose name
appears upon the roll as drafted may procure a
substitute without limiting him to that class of
persons who arc not liable to duty under this sec-
tion, then there is a probability that those who
are enrolled and able to procure a substitute can
