1478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
the United States for the taking of land for pub-
lic use as aiuhoiized in the bill, is to be forever
barred unit ss wtbm three years from the time of
such taking the ckum for compensation therefor
shall be adjusted by agreement with the Secre-
tary of War, or be settled by an award of the
board of commissioners, or presented by com-
plaint or petition to the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States in the district in which the land is sit-
uated; but the claims of persons who at the time
of the taking shall be under the age of twenty-
one years, married women, idiots, lunatics, or
insane, or beyond seas, shall not be barred if their
petition of complaint be filed in the court within
three years after the disability has ceased, but no
disability other than those enumerated shall pre-
vent any claim from being barred, nor shall any
of the said disabilities operate cumulatively.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
Military AfF-iiis and'the Mifitia was in section
eight, after the word "land," in line sixteen, to
insert:
And such payment, or the lawful tender thereof,&halt
operate a.s and i-hatl bo doomed and held to be a lull and
complete conveyance (if the paicel or parcels ot land lor
Which it was made to the United Stales.
'Fh&amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE, if I understand this bill it in-
volves a new principle in the practice of this Gov-
ernment, and one which, according to my recol-
lection, has never been attempted to be practiced
from the earliest period of the Government to
the present time. 1 do not sptak with certainty
when I say that that is so; but such is my im-
pression. I think there has been no instance of
an attempt on the part of this Government to take
private propeity ma State for public uses against
the consent of the own^r, I should like to hear
the learned genth man fiom Michigan, who 1
know is a profound lawyer, on that subject. It
stukes me to be a new exercise of power.
Mr. HOWARD. This bill passed the Flouse
of Representatives on the 18th of February last.
The object is to enable the Government to acquire
the title to the whole of Rock Island, in the* State
of Illinois, for the purpose of an arsenal, that
place having been selected by net of Congress of
186:2, among others, for the purpose of establish-
ing an arsenal in the West. It is a small island
in Rock river, and very commodiously situated
for stieh a puipuse; and with the exception of
aboutcne hundred and ninety acres of land lying
on the island, it belongs entirely to the United
States, the title never having been tiansflned by
the United States; and no controveisy can tuise
so far as is now seen under this bill, except as to
that portion of the land which is now owned by
private persons, those peisons being only two
m number. Whether they are willing to self to
the United States the Sands which they own on
that island I do not know; bu-l the object of [\\o
bill is to acquire the title to the whole inland, their
lands included.
The Senator from New Hampshire puts the
question whether it is competent for the United
States to take the pioperty of private persons for
public use without the conscnt of the State Legis-
lature 
Mr. HALE. No.
Mr. HOWARD. I should hke, then, to un-
derstand the question which is put by the Sena-
tor more distinctly than 1 do.
Mr. HALE. 1 stated that i believed this Gov-
ernment had never attempted to take for public
use private property in a State without the con-
sent of the owner.
Mr. HOWARD, "Whether it has or has not
exercised that power is a matter of very little
consequence. The only question of any import-
ance before the Senate is whether the Govern-
ment has power in this manner to acquire the title
to private property for public use. As to that
question I can entertain no doubt whatever. Cer-
tainly the Constitution, by the plainest implica-
tion, authorizes the Government of the United
States, whenever they shall see tit totakepnvate
property for the public use, to do so upon mak-
ing just compensation. This is in one of the
amendments to the Constitution adopted afterthe
mam body of the Constitution had been in oper-
ation for several yea?s. I cannot doubt if, and
until the Senator from New Hampshire shall cull
to my attention some clause in the Constitution
which seems, sn his opinion, to prohibit us from
the exercise of this power, I shall deem that I
have given him a sufficient answer.
We have the right to take private property for
public use. I had supposed that that principle
had long since been conceded. Whether it has
been exercised by the Government of the United
States for the purpose of acquiring the title to
land from private persons is, as I said before, a
question totally immaterial. The Government
may or may not have done so; I do not know
what the fact is; but that we have the right i enter-
tain no sort of doubt.
There is but one amendment suggested to this
bill, that which hasjust been read,and it is added
for the mere purpose of cutting off for the future
all controversies as to the title of the property
which the Government may thus take upon mak-
ing due compensation, and placing the title be-
yond-all dispute in the United States.
I will say further in respect to the bill, that in
case of any controversy that may arise between
the Government and a private person under this
bill, the private person has a right to resort first
to commissioneis, next to the circuit court of the
United States, and if he sees fit have the value of
his property assessed by a jury regularly called
and impanneled; and then, if he is unsatisfied with
the proceedings, he has aright to appeal the whole
case from the circuit court of the United States
for that district to the Supreme Court ot the United
States; so that 1 am not able to see any objection
to the bill growing out of the suspicion of injus-
tice being done to any private person. I hope the
bill will be passed.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. POWELL. I rise to inquire of the Sen-
ator who lcpoits this bill, in what State Rock-Isl-
and is? Is it not m Illinois?
Mr. HOWARD. It is m Illinois.
Mr. POWELL. Is th ere any provision to get
the consent of the sovereign State of Illinois to
the tiansmission of this propeity to us? lias
tin' Legitdatuiu of Illinois taken any action on
i the matter ;
Air. HOWARD. I am not aware that the
Legislature of the State of Illinois has taken any
action in the matter. I do not know how that is.
Mr. POWELL. I concur with the Senator
from New Hampshire, if I understood the point
he made a few moments ago, that we cannot do
this thing unless we have the consent of the State.
The universal custom from the beginning of the
Governmenl has been, if the Geneiul Government
wishes to obtain pioperty m a State for the pur-
pose of erecting a fort or arsenal or hospital, to
procuie a law from the State giving the United
States jurisdiction.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not believe it to be
necessary that the Legislature of Illinois should
give its eoiisuit to the proceeding which the bill
has m contemplation,because,as I have already
icmaiked, I have no doubt as to the power of the
Government of the United States to take private
property, no matter of what quality, whethei per-
sonal or leal, for the public use by making just
compensation therefor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Rut that docs not confer
jut isdn tion. Our practice has been to get a ces-
s.on of jurisdiction from the State in all such
cases,
Mr. 110 WAPvD. The question of jurisdiction
does no! arise at this stage of the proceeding. It
will be sufficient to discuss that question when
there shall be a conflict of juiisdiction between the
State of Illinois and the Government of the Uni-
ted States in respect to this island.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator, I suppose,
is aware that the policy of the Government of the
United States is well established, not to take lands
to be used in this way in the States unless there
is a cession of juiisdiction by the States where
the lands lie.
Mr. HOWARD. I am quite aware that there
are numerous instances in which cessions have
been made by States to the Government of the
United Srates.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a general law
on the subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, Will the member from Michi-
gan permit me to make a remark?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. There are two questions,
i suppose, presented by this bill. The first is
whether we can authorize the condemnation of
property and acquire title to property in that way;
and the other is whether, if we get the title m that
way and nothing else is done, the United States
would have jurisdiction over it. The proposi-
tions are entirely independent of each other. I
suppose with reference to tire first point, it would
be very clear, if there was not in the Constitution
the particular provision to which I am about to
refer, that, as an incident of sovereignty, the right
of eminent domain belongs to this Government,
I mean the right of eminent domain with refer-
ence to the powers conferied upon the Govern-
ment by the Constitution. The member from-
New Hampshire and the member from Kentucky
are mistaken in supposing that this power has
never been exercised. The United States some
years ago were very anxious to obtain a site for
a fort at the entrance to a harbor in California,
and they were charged as they supposed a very
extravagant price, some one hundred or two hun-
dred thousand dollars for what in point of fact,
as they supposed, was worth only some fifteen or
twenty thousand dollars, and they proceeded to
condemn it. Whether the proceedings weie con-
summated or not, that is to say whether the Uni-
ted States got title under the proceedings or not,
I am not so certain.
Mr. COLLAMER. The proceedings were in
a State coui t under a State law.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know that; butbytheUni-
ted States. Now, not only, as I think, is the right
ofeminentdomain incidental to a Government hke
the United States, and every other Government
that can be imagined, as far as relates to its powers,
where these powers may be beneficially exercised
by exerting the right of eminent domain, but one
of the amendments to the Constitution necessarily
implies that m the judgment of the people of the
United States, by whom it was adopted, and the
framers of those amendments, the nghf did exist.
The fifth amendment to the Constitution, adopted,
as we know, soon after the Constitution itstlf was
adopted, provides:
"Nor shall private pioperty l.e taken for public use with-
out just compensation."
It assumes necessarily that private property
may be taken for public use, and the provision
which I have just read was intended to limit what
it was supposed might be the unjustconsequonces
of the exertion of that powerj'and so it did not
take from the Government the power to appio-
piiate private property to public use, but limited
the light to acquire by directing that it should
only be done on the payment of just compensa-
tion. Just compensation, therefore, being pro-
vided for, the right exists to apply private prop-
erty to public use; and this provision in the Con-
stitution of the United States, as it now is, has
always been held, and properly held, to be appli-
cable exclusively to theGovernmentof theUmted
States. It is a limitation of the power of Con-
gress. It has nothing to do with the constitutions
of the several States. That being the case, if seems
j to mo to be very clear that according to the true
meaning of the Constitution there is a u<;ht to
take private property for public, use, subject to the
restriction that compensation is to be made
But thtre is another objection. The right of
eminent domain is an ulterior right, and should
never be exercised, and is never exerciscd by any
Government except for the purpose of obtaining
title. If you fail to get it by contract because the
party who owns it is unwilling to -rive it upon
any reasonable terms, or because there is no per-
son to be found with whom the agreement can be
made, you get it by exercising the right of emi-
nent domain. Where you get" it by the exercise
of the right of eminent domain, and the Govern-
ment that exercises it has jurisdiction coextensive
with the territory, and exclusive jurisdiction,
nothing rnoie is necessary to be done than to get
the title, jurisdiction existing antecedent; but that
is not the case with the Government of the Umtod
States. The juiisdiction over all the lerriioiial
limits within the several States is in the govern-
ment of the States 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair is obliged to appeal to the Senator to
j suspend his remarks for a moment. The rule of
! the Senate is imperative, and makes it incumbent
on the Chair, the morning hour having expired,
to call up the special order of the day.
Mr. HOWARD. We can get through with
