THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*ih huuji i !■! ,j
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, "WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1864.
New Series No. 28.
avoid the draft. By this bill the substitutes are
confined to those who are not liable to the draft.
That is what I object to. I want drafted men togo
wherever they please to obtain substitutes. Not
only that, when a man procures a substitute~und
lie is mustered into the service, the time for which
he is mustered in ought to be put to the credit of
that man. For these reasons I have moved my
amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That amendment, if I un-
derstand it, takes two names instead of one from
the list of men enrolled. Now, the person who
furnishes a substitute has his name taken off, and
if the amendment be adopted it will take his own
name and that of another from the list. It makes
the number to be drafted only one half.
Mr. FINCK. It will give the Army the benefit
of one half at least.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the gentleman's
proposition be divided.
Mr. FINCIC. I agree to that.
The first portion of the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. FINCK. I withdraw the remaining por-
tion of" the amendment.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the fourth section be
stricken out. If it becomes necessary to have a
dicift, I want to have some means to reach the
speculators and contractors, and 1 know of no
other way than to strike out this commutation
section.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the fifth
section by striking out the words, " on that call,
and Ins name shall be retained on the roll, and he
shall b© subject to draft on future calls," and in-
sert in lieu thereof, " during the time for which
he was diafted, or until the whole roll shall be
exhausted;" so that it will read:
And if any drafted person shall hereafter pay money tor
the procuration of a substitute, under the provision1- of an
act to winch thi->is an amendment, Mieh payment of money
shall operate to iclu've such poison fiom tlraft during the
time tor which he wus  diafted,or until tin* whole roll shall
bp exhausted; and the nifmimim of commutation under
said act shall heieafter be $400 instead of $300.
Mr. Chairman, my object is to provide that a
man who is drafted and pays his commutation of
$400 shall be exempt from any further draft dur-
ing the time for which he has paid commutation,
unless the roll should be exhausted, when he shall
again be liable to draft. I think that the money
winch he pays to procure a substitute—for that
is the object of it—ought to stand in lieu of his
actual service.
Mr. GANSON. That puts the man who pays
commutation on the same footing as the one who
procures a substitute.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say to the
committee that many of the amendments which
will be proposed to this Senate bill are already
in the substitute which is proposed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and if the Committee
of the Whole c<Suld pass over the Senate bill and
take up the substitute reported from the com-
mittee, it seems to mo it would very much facili-
tate our discussion an*d consideration of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Thatcan be done by gen-
eral consent,
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot consent, because if
we con amend the oiiginal bill of the Senate so as
to make it as good or better than the substitute,
then we can take it when so amended and save
the trouble of going over the substitute. There
aie one or two piovisions in the original bill
which I like, and which are not in the substitute.
Mr. FARNSWORTIl. If wp are to perfect
the oiiginal bill, there are many amendments I
desiie to propose, which I should not offer if we
were to pioceed directly to the consideration of
the substitute. There is, for instance, m this
very scction a clause which should be stricken
out.
The CHAIRMAN. The course proposed to
be pursued can only be done by general consent;
and the gentleman ftom Pennsylvania objects.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am opposed to the
amendment offered by the gentleman fromPonn-
28
sylvarua, for this reason: by his amendment, I
understand, he desires to place the man who pays
his commutation money upon the same footing
precisely as the man who furnishes a substitute.
Mr. STEVENS. It does place him precisely
upon the same footing, unless the whole enroll-
ment shall be exhausted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman's
amendment would place them upon the same foot-
ing substantially, because the man who furnishes
a substitute who is liable to draft can himself be
drafted again as soon as that roll is exhausted.
Now, what the Government wants is men,and
it is believed that by retaining the commutation
clause, but with this restiiction, we will get men;
that persons who ore drafted will employ sub-
stitutes as far as they can rather than pay the
commutation money into theTreasury. Now, it
is very easy to suppose a case where the whole
roll may be exhausted without procuring the
men necessary to fill up the Army, if you allow
men to be exempt upon paying §300 for the term
of three years. We thiiui it is better, if we re-
tain the commutation clause at all, to retain it
with the restriction that persons paying it shall
only be exempt from draft on that call. The
President has now called for five hundred thou-
sand men to be drafted. Now, a man who pays
§300 after being drafted under this call, is exempt
from service, and cannot be diafted again under
the same call. But should the President find it
nccessary one month later to issue another call
for one hundred thousand men, or any number
more, that man's name would be placed upon the
roll, and he would be subject to draft on the new
call.
Again, 1 do not know how you are going to
manage this matter of a draft with a provision
that a man shall,if he pays his money, be exempt
from draft until that roll is exhausted. Suppose,
for instance, an enrollment is made in a district.
The names of all men subject to the draft are put
into a box, and as fast as other men become lia-
ble to draft by an iving at mature age, their names
are added and put into the box also. So the
names in this box are being added to every little
while, and there is no time when it can be said
that Hie roll is exhausted. This course will also
require more clerical foice to keep the accounts
and to manage the matter; bccause it will be ne-
cessary, whenever a man pay s his $300, that an ac-
countshould bo kept of it, m order that he should
not be liable to be drafted again until all the names
in the box at that time shall be exhausted.
I do not know thai I make myself undeistood
by the committee. This io!l or box is never ex-
hausted; you are all the time adding to or draw-
nig from it, and you con never know when the
names are exhausted which were upon the roll at
any porticular time.
Mr. STEVENS. You make a draft, and draw
out of the box, for instance, fifty names; and they
are not put in again, but kept out. J t another call
is made, you go on and draw from the names re-
maining.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The difficulty lies
here: that between the first drawing of names and
a subsequent iliawitig other and new names are
added, by men moving into the district or by
young men arriving at mature a^e; and so you
are constantly putting in "nd dtawing out. Theie-
fore it was thought by the Committeeon Military
Affairs to be the \vi«< st eouise to fix some defi-
nite period duimg \\ hich a man should be exempt
from draft in case lie furnished a substitute not
liable to draft; and they put in the provision that
if the substitute was liable todiaft or the man had
; paid his commutation money, sucli person should
' be relieved from draft only on that call, but that
1 his name should be retained on the roll and bo
j subject to draft on future calls.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out all after
the word " enlisted" in line nineteen of the sec-
tion, and to insert what I send to the Clerk's desk.
The part which I propose to strike out embraces
what is proposed to he stricken out by the pend-
ing amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That is hardly in order as
an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. It strikes out a still larger
portion of the section.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be in order after the
pending amend mentis disposed of.
The question was taken on Mr. Steybns's
amend men t; and it was agreed to—ayes76,noes 37.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move to strike out all
after the word "enlisted" in line nineteen, page 4,
down to the end of the section, as follows:
And if any diafted person shall hereafter pay money for
the piocurationof a substitute, under the piovisions of the
actio which the-is an amendment, Mich p-iymeutof money
shall opeiate only to relieve such person ftom druftonthat
call, and his name shall be retained on the roll, and he
shall be subject to draft on future calls, and the maximum
of commutation under said act shall hereafter be $400,
instead of $'300.
And insert in lieu thereof the following;
And bO much of the thirteenth section of the act of which
this actis an amendment as authorizes exemption from mil-
itary service by the payment of a sum not exceeding $300
is hereby repealed.
Mr. Chairman, inasmuch as this section em-
braces the idea in the main of substitution, I have
submitted this amendment, so that this questior
shall be presented to the House at the earliest
moment, as the action of the House upon subse.-
quent sections relating to the same point must
necessarily depend upon its action on this.
This amendment presents the simple, naked
question whether it is policy to perpetuate the pro-
vision of the act of 1862 which accords exemption
^rom military duty on the payment of $300.
I have but this to say upon the subject, that our
experience thus far under the provisions of the act
has proved it to be an entire failure so far as its
main object, the raising of troops, is concerned.
I have noticed in lookingover the reports from the
New England States where a draft has taken place,
that while a large amount of money has been raised,
there has beeji an entire failure in the main object
of obtaining troops.
Mr. BOYD. 1 move to amend the amendment
so as to stiikc out all the provisions of the act
which authorize the payment of commutation
ueoncy or the em ploy men t of substitutes, and upon
that amendment I desire to make one or two re-
marks.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman'srmend-
ment is in effect the same as the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. 130YD. If it is the same, I have nothingfto
say upon the subject.
Mr. GANSON. I am opposed to that part of
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
which proposes to repeal the commutation clause
of the act to which this is amendatory, and thereby
to depiive those drafted of the right to purchase
exemption from the liability to do military duty
by the payment of $300. And, sir, I am opposed
to it for the reason that that act has already been
enforced in a portion of the States, and I do not
know but m all; and many persons who have
been diafted have purchased exemption from lia-
bility to do military duty by paying §300. I think
that a proper construction of the act exempts a
person so paying to the same extent as if he had
furnished a substitute. Thoie maybe a difference
of opinion, however, in regard to that construc-
tion; but I think that it would be unjust toward
otheis in the same States who may be drafted in
the future to depiivn them of an opportunity of
purchasing exemption on the same terms as those
heretofore drafted have been allowed to avail them-
selves of. This amendment would deprive them
of that light, and hence I am opposed to it, I am
in favor of retaining the §300 commutation clause
as it now stands in the original act, and opposed
to inct easing the amount to £400 for the same
leason as I have assigned.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Chairman, I have had
some difficulty, in reading over the Senate bill and
the substitute reported by the Military Commit-
tee, in determining whether the committee intend
this as a bill to raise money or as a bill to raise
men. But the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Fauns-
