1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this bill in a very few moments, and I hope that
the order of the day may be passed over inform-
ally for a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent the special order will he for the time
being, that the fuither consideration of the bill
now before the Senate may be continued; and no
objection being made, the Senator from Maryland
will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to say, Mr.
President, that in our form of government, or
rather, forms of government, the jurisdiction over
the lands, as far as those lands are within fehegov-
ernment of the States, is a jurisdiction in the
State; and although it is not absolutely necessary,
or necessary at all, as I think, in order to get title
to lands within the State in the United States, yet it
is neccssary oradvisable in acaseof thisdescrip-
tion, at least, that if title is to be obtained in that
way, it should be followed by also having united
with the title exclusive jurisdiction. It is more
particulai ly nccessary if the property is to be ap-
propriated to public uses. It ought not to be
subject to the jurisdiction of the States. Ir seems
to mo, therefore, it would be very desirable, or,
to state it differently, most desirable, before pio-
ceeding to occupy this site for that puipose by
exercising the right of eminent domain under the
provisions of this bill, that it should be preceded
by an agreement on the part of the State of Illi-
nois that she would cede juiisdiction over it lo
the United States.
Mr. HOW ARD. I do not apprehend t hat any
difficulty will grow out of the objection which the
Senator from Maryland has presented against the
bill. It is a well-known fact that in the new States
there arc immense tracts of land the title of winch
now is in the United States, lying within the
limits of the States. There is no doubt that the
jurisdiction of the new States for the punishment
of all crimes, the enforcement of contracts, and for
all the purposes ofState government, extends over
J^he lands thus belonging to the United States. It
is ha*d 1 y conceivable how a collision could arise
between the authority of the State and the author-
ity of the United States upon those lands, i do
not see, I confess, any reason for supposing that
there will beany difficulty aiismg m reference to
this particular island which would not he likely
10 arise elsewhere in the State of Illinois upon the
public lands. It may be conceded perhaps, for
the sake of the argument, that the jurisdiction of
Illinois fnr political and civil purposes will ex-
tend over this island as it does now, and that the
United States'will be simply the owner of the
property for the uses and purposes ofan arsenal.
It will not follow, however, that the government
of Illinois has any right whatever, and it would
have no riirht, to interfere with the operations of
the Federal authorities theie in cariying on the
affairs of tins arsenal. Every thing will go on just
as haimoniously as if the United States had ex-
clusive jurisdiction over the island.
.Sir, I am not sure that it is possible under our
Constitution to give to the United States an exclu-
sive political jurisdiction over this island, though
1 do not propose to spend any time in discussing
the question. The old Constitution before u was
amended provided that Congress should have
power
To exeiehc cxehiMve lepif-luiion in a!I on'-cs what^o-
ovfi -.iir!) dMnrt, &.e , and to oxeici*-e )ik«' authority
ovci all pl.iee-5 purchai-ed in 'he oon>ento''theLejii-iatine
uf the St cite in winch the same shall lie, foi the flection of
foit^. mnsMzmePj ai^cnals, dock-} aid*, and other lieedtul
building.Hs-
I do not know that under that clause Illinois
might not concede exclusive jurisdiction; but I
do not deem it necessary that she should do so.
There will be perfect harmony there between the
State authorities and the Federal authorities. All
that the Government wants of this island is the
use of it for the purposes of an arsenal, and for
those purposes undoubtedly the laws of Illinois
will be a sutfirien t protect ion for the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on ordering the amendment to be engrossed,
and the hill to be read a third time.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President-
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of or-
der. I must iii-.ist upon going on with the order
of the day vf this hill is to lead to discussion, as
I presume n will. The Senator from Wisconsin
• it, I believe.
Mr. HOWE. I had some observations to sub-
mi' on this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I must insist on the
special oider. This bill was only continued after
one o'clock by unanimous co-nsent. It is not with
a desire to interfere with the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin at all, but because I consider
it my duty, having charge of the other subject,
which is the special order, to insist that it shall
be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin yield the floor for that
motion ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the spe-
cial order of the day is before the Senate, upon
which the Senator from Massachusetts [Air. Sum-
ner] is entitled to the floor.
TRANSFEKS FROM THE ARMY TO THE NAVY.
Mr. HALE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up for consideration Senate bill
No. 218.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator fiom Massachusetts yield the floor for that
puipose;
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; I have his permission
to make the motion. It is the hill which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affuns the day
before yesteiday, proposing to repeal a certain
joint resolution. The committee reported it back
yesterday morning with an amendment, which
grants substantially ail that is asked. It is said
to be of piessmg importance to the Government
that it should be passed at once; and I therefore
ask the Senate to take it up now and pass it.
Mr. TR UM BULL. Will it lead to debate?
Air. HALE. I do not think it will.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If a vote con be taken on
the proposition of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire without debate, as it is a matter of import-
ance, I shall not object.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 218) to repeal a joint resolution therein
named; which was rcpoitcd by the Committee on
. Naval Affairs with an amendment,after the word
I " that," in line three, to insert the words " the
1 first section of;" so that the bill will read:
j Be it enarfeth , Thar the fh«t taction of the joint re«-
j olution entitled UA joint resolution rel.mve to the transfer
I of pei«.on* in the nuiitaiy t-emce to the naval seivice,"
; iipptovcd February 21, Ifc!G4, be, and the same is hereby,
repeated.
The amendment was agieed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
m. The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a thi-td leading, was read the thiid
time, and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT subsequently said:
The Chair dt pi res to call the attention of the Senate
to a bill which was passed by the body tins morn-
ing repealing the joint resolution named m it.
Tiie bill as originally introduced was to lepeal
the whole joint resolution, but as amended it re-
peals only the first section of that resolution,and
yet the title reads *VA. hill to icpeal a joint reso-
lution therein named." It should read, "A bill
to repeal the fust section of a joint iesolution
therein named," end it will be so amended if
there be no objection. The Chair hears none.
AMENDMENTS TO TItE CONSTITUTION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)"
The special order of the day, which in the joint res-
olution (S. No. 16) proposmgamendments to the
Constitution of the United States, is now before
the Senate, and the question is on concurring in
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole. That amendment is in the form of a
substitute for the original resolution, and is open
to amendment before the question of concurrence
is taken. After the Senate shall have eoncuired,
if they do concur, in that amendment, the text of
the joint resolution, the amendment itself bung
in the form of a substitute, will not be open to
amendment. Amendments then can only be of-
fered in the form of provisos or additional sec-
tions to the amendment. The Chair deems it
proper to make this announcement in advance,
that no misapprehension may be entertained.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Piesidcnt, if an angel
from the skies or a stranger from another planet
were permitted to visit this earth,and to examine
its surface, who can doubt that his eyes would rest
with astonishment upon the outstretched extent
and exhaustless resouiccs of this Republic of the
New "World, young in years but already rooted
beyond any dynasty in history? In proportion
as he considered and understood all those things
among us which enter into and constitute the na-
tional life, his astonishment would increase, for
he would find a numerous people, powerful be-
yond precedent, without a king or a noble, but
with the schoolmaster instead. And yet the as-
tonishment which he confessed, asall these things
appeared before him, would swell into marvel as
he learned that in this Republic, which had ar-
rested his admiration, where there was neither
king nor noble, but the schoolmaster instead, there
were four million human beings in abject bondage,
degraded to be chattels, under the pretense of
propei ty in man, driven by the lash like beasts,
despoiled of ail lights, even the right to knowl-
edge and the sacred n°ht of family; so that the
relation of husband anu wife was impossible and
no parent could claim his own child; while all
were condemned to brutish ignorance. Siaitled
by what he beheld, the stranger would natuially
inquire by what authority, under what sanction,
and through what terms of law or Constitution,
this fearful inconsistency, so shocking to human
nature itself, continued to be upheld. But his
growing astonishment would know no bounds,
when he was pointed to the Constitution of the
United States, as the final guaidian and conserva-
tor of this peculiar and many-headed wickedness.
"And is it true," the st anger would exclaim,
" that, in laying the foundations of tins Republic,
dedicated to human rights, all the.se wrongs have
been positively established'" lie would oyk to
see that Constitution and to know the fatal wotds
by which the sacrifice was commanded. The
trembling with which he began its peiusal would
be succeeded by joy as he finished ii; for he
would find nothing in that golden text, not a single
sentence, phrase,or word, oven, to serve as ongin,
authoiity, or apology foi the outrage. Anu then
his astonishment, already knowing no bounds,
would break forth anew, as he exclaimed,"Shame-
ful and irrational as is slaveiy,it is not more
shameful or it rational than that unsuppoii"d in-
terpretation \\ Inch undertakes to make your Con-
stitution the final guardian and conservator of
this tenible and unpardonable denial of human
rights."
Such a strangrras I have described, coming from
afar, \v ith eyes \v Inch no local bias had disiot fed 
and with undcistanding which no local cu.stom
had disturbed, would naturally see the Constitu-
tion precisely as it is in its actual text, and he
would interpret it in its true sense, without pie-
possession or prejudice. Of couisc he would
know, what all jurisprudence teaches and ail rea-
son confirms, that human rights cannot be taken
away by any indiiection or by any vain imagin-
ing of something that was intended but was not
said, and, as a natural consequence, that slavery
can exi^t—if existit can atall—only by virtue of
a positive text, and that what is true of slavery is
true also of all its incidents; raid the enlightened
stranger would insist that, in all interpretation
of the Constitution, that cardinal principle must
never for a moment be out of mind, but must be
kept ever forward as guide and master, that slavery
cannot stand on inference, nor can any support of
slavery stand on inference. Thus informed, and
.in the light of a petvasive principle,
" How far that little candle thiows his> hcauis!"
he would peruse the Constitution from beginning
to end, from its opening preamble to its final
amendment, and then the joyful opinion would
be given.
Yhcte are three things which he would observe:
first and foremost, thai the dismal words "slave"
and " shivery" do not appear in the Constitution;
so that if the unnatural pretension of property in
man lurk anywhere m that text, it is under a
feigned name or an alias, which of itself is cause
of suspicion, while an imperative rule renders its^
recognition impossible. Next, he would consider
the preamble, which is the key to open the whole
succeeding instrument; but here no single word"
can be found which does not open the Constitu-
tion to freedom and close it to slavery. The
object of the Constitution is announced to be "in
order to form a more perfect union, establish jus-
tice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the
