434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
worth,] who is a member of tife committee, tells
us that the-object of the committee is to raise men,
and not money. N-ow, sir, if that be the object,
then we can arrive at it better by striking out the
• whole of thefifth section, and prohibiting exemp-
tion from military service by the payment of com-
mutation money or the procuring of substitutes.
If it should be known to the country that after
the Istof March no substitutes could be provided
by persons drafted, and thp-tno persons could be
exempted from military service by the payment
of $300, the pending call would be filled, and the
five hundred thousand men called for to-day would
be had; for every person who does not desire to
engage in the military service would at once set
to work to fill up the number of men callcd for
by the President. More than that, it is the only
just method of securing men to fill up the ranks
of the Army.
We have been told that it is unjust to permit a
man to escape from the service who is able to pay
$300 for that escape and to require a man not
possessed of the #300 to go into the Army. We
have b^en told that that is a provision in favor of
the wealthy and in opposition to the poor. If
that be so, the only way in which we can remedy
it, and the only way in which we can establish
perfect equality in the country, is to require every
man to take his chance*in the wheel, and if he be
drawn, to go into the Army, or procure a volun-
teer before coming to the draft. Let every man
take his chance, whether he be rich or whether
he be poor, whether he be pursuing one avoca-
tion in life or be pursuing another avocation. If
his fate, as the wheel turns, assigns him to the
role of Government duty, let him go. That es-
tablishes an equality. I'hat secures to the Gov-
ernment the service that every citizen owes to the
Government in times like these. That is a com-
plete enforcement of the right of the Government
to demand from a citizen that military service
without which no Government can be maintained.®
If Congress shall adopt that rule, striking out the
commutation clause and prohibiting the employ-
ment of substitutes, then every citizen will stand
before the law on a perfect equality with every
other citizen. I shall, therefore, favor such an
amendment of this bill as will abolish not only the
commutation clause but also the right of persons
to employ substitutes.
Mr. BLAINE. I am sorry, Mr. Chairman,
that the gentleman from New Yoilc [Mr. Gas-
son] could not find a broader reason for opposing
the pending amendment than that a few had es-
caped by reason of the commutation clause, and
that therefore it would be unjust to deny the same
avenue of escape to those who may be drafted in
future. For myself, I support the commutation
principle because I believeitisexpedientand just;
and I hope that the gentlemen on that side of the
Chamber who intend to vote to retain it m the
enrollment act will notbase theiraction on so nar-
row aground as the gentleman from New York
has based hip 
Mr. GANSON". I desire to say that I am in
favor of retaining the commutation clause on the
ground that I regard it as proper and just, and
that the amount is sufficient. I merely said that
I was opposed to striking it out entnely, because I
thought it unjust toward that portion of the com-
munity who were not in a situation to avail them-
selves of the right to purchase exemption from
the performance of military duty, and that I was
in favor of retaining the $300 because it is emi-
nently just and proper that it should be retained.
Mr. BLAINE. I am very glad to hear the ex-
planation of the gentleman from New York. The
reason why I commented upon his position was
that, as we all know, very grave and very great
excitement was produced in a portion of the Suite
of New York last summer in consequence of the
passions and prejudices of a portion of the popu-
lation being aroused against the principle of com-
mutation.
Mr. GANSON. I desire to inform the gentle-
man that I have never been engaged in that.
Mr. BLAINE. I am very glad to know that
the gentleman was not. I never heard that he was.
But this commutation clause was everywhere de-
nounced by gentlemen on that side of the Cham-
ber as favoring the rich and oppressing the poor.
Now, sir, if the commutation clause'favored any
class, and should be retained for any class, it is
the great " middle mterest"of society—the class
on which the business and the prosperity of the
country depend. If that clause be stricken out,
as the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] pro-
poses, and if every person drafted be compelled
to serve in the Army, without the right either of
commutationorsubstitution, you will have placed
upon the statute-books of the country a law which
the first Napoleon said took all the strength and
all the absolutism of the French empire to en-
force; and he recorded it as his deliberate judg-
ment that a conscription thus enforced, as it was
in France, would always prove to be " the dread
and desolation of families." I warn gentlemen
with whom lam politically associated on this side
ofthe Chamberagainstany such harsh and radical
law as that; and I am very glad to see on the other
side of the Chamber a general disposition to sup-
port the commutation principle just asithasthus
far existed in the enrollment act.
Mr. GANSON. You will always sec it.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration as a special order the
act (S.No. 36) to amend an actentitled "An act for
enrolling and calling out the national forces, and
for other purposes," approved March 3,1863, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of
Michigan, (at a quarter past four o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 2, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I perceive that the Jour-
nal states that the report of the Judiciary Com-
mittee in reference to the case of Mr. Hale con-
cludes with a resolution. That is not so. The
committee asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject. No resolution was
annexed to the report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal will
be so corrcctcd.
NEW SENATOR.
Mr. SAULS13URY. Mr. President, Hon.
George Read Riddle, the Senator elect fiom the
State of Delaware, is presentand leady to take the
oath and to enter upon the discharge of his trust
as a Senator.
The oaths prescribed bylaw were ad ministered
to Mr. Riddle, and he took his seat in the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. 1IALE presented the petition of J. N. Car-
penter, paymaster in the United States Navy,
praying for compensation for clothing stolen from
him on board United States sloop Saratoga, while
in the port of Philadelphia, January 4,1863; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Captain H.
Clay Wood, of the eleventh United States infan-
try, praying for compensation for propelty lost
by the evacuation of Fort Cobb, Texas, under
post order No. 87, issued for the evacuation of
that post; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of Captain John
P. Sherburne, first infantry, United States Army,
praying for indemnification for losses causcd by
the surrender of the depaitment of Texas to the
rebels; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also piesrnted the memoi ial of Captain John
P. Sherburne, first infantry, United Stales Army,
praying for indemnification for losses caused by
public money being stolen, for which he was ac-
countable; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Elizabeth
Mills, widow of John Mills, praying for an in-
crease of pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of John Chris-
tie, clerk to the commandant of the navy-yard at
Portsmouth, New Hampshhe, praying that the
accounting officers of the Treasury may be au-
thorized to allow the payment of the sums that
have been appropriated for the pay of the clerks
at the Portsmouth and Philadelphia navy-yards
from October, 1857, to July, 1859; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MORGAN presented three petitions of cit-
izens of New York, praying for the formation of
a properly organized ambulance and sanitary
corps for our armies, and the enlistment of men
for such service; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 offer the petition of the pres-
ident and directors of the South American Steam-
ship Company, a corporation establishedby law,
in which they set forth that they propose to in-
augurate communication by means of steam ves-
sels between the United States and St. Thomas,
in the West Indies, and Pemambuco, Bahia,and
Rio de Janeiro, and they pray that an appropria-
tion from the United States may be made in their
behalf, either by way of subsidy or for mail ser-
vice. I move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
Richard Yates, Governor of Illinois; which, as it
is brief, I will read:
State of Illinois, Executive Department,
Si'iUNGFiciiD, Januanj 13, 1864.
To the Honorable the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States :
I do earnestly petition your honorable body to exercise
its utmost constitutional power, at the earliest practicable
period, in emancipatingallperpons of African descent held
to involuntary service or labor in the United States.
RICHARD YATES.
I ask the reference of this petition to the select
committee on slavery and freedmen.
It was so referred,
"Mr. WILSON presented a petition of soldiers
of the regular Army of the United States, pray-
ing for a bounty of $100; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mil-
waukee, Wisconsin, prayingfor the passage of a
law prohibiting members of Congress or persons
holding office under the General Government from
acting as attorneys or counselors or taking fees
in any case, whether civil or criminal, or from
acting us attorneys for any claim against the Uni-
ted States; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. COWAN presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia, remonstrating
against the passage of a bankrupt law; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WADE presented a pelition of citizens of
Greene county, Wisconsin, praying that the pay
of the officers of the Army may be reduced, and
that of the privates increased; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also presented a memorial of merchants of
Cincinnati, remonstrating against the principle of
retroactive taxation; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of John
Robb, of the State of Maryland, praying for com-
pensation for services rendered as acting Secre-
tary of War between the 8th of June, 1832, and
the 9th of October, 1833; which was leferred to
the Committee on Claims;
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 2G) reviving the grade of lieutenant general
in the United States Army; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
NAVY KEGISTEK.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Punting:
Resolved, That three hundied copies of the Navy Regis-
ter be punted for the use of the Senate.
GENERAL GRANTS REPORT.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
lesolution; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the leport of Ma-
jor General Ulysses S. Grant upon the operations of the
army of the Cumberland, the printing of which was re-
cently oidered by the House of Representatives, be printed
for the ofthe Senate.
