THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
ternai improvements, uniting the occan with the
great lakes and the valley of the Mississippi, the
country lying west of Lake Erie was a desert.
Illinois, Wisconsin, Minnesota, and almost Ohio
were a perfect wilderness. It was with a view
of developing that region that De Witt Clinton
and those with him proposed a water communi-
cation between the Hudson and the lakes. Tbey
foresaw that an empire would arise there, and
they meant that it should be tributary to the East,
to New York and New England, by making the
only water communication with it north of the
Gulf of Mexico. Sagacious as they were they
failed to foresee the rapid growth of this empire.
The Erie canal was hardly built before it failed
tQ meet the demands made upon it by western pro-
ductions for transportation. Now, sir, if I had
time I might show by the .transportation by that
commercial avenue from year to year the growth
and expansion of the western States. The Erie
canal being incompetent to carry what the West
forced upon it, the .State of New York, as a mat-
ter of State pride and State interest, enlarged it.
H spent millions in doing it, but before that en-
largement was completed another was called for,
and other millions have been expended in re-
sponding to the call of the West for additional
facilities for transportation. New York has, sir,
invested nearly fifty million dollars in the erec-
tion of her canal system, now yielding her a fair
income and reward. Yet, sir, the Erie canal with
its present capacity is entirely insufficient to carry
off the products of Illinois and the great West;
and within the last two years, affected somewhat
by the closing of the Mississippi river in conse-
quence of the war, you havefound that itcost the
same to send a bushel of wheat or a barrel of Hour
from the ports on Lake Michigan to New York,
whether by way of the lakes and canals, by the
Pittsburg, Chicago, and Fort Wayne, and the
Central Pennsylvania roads, by the Dunkirk and
Erie road, or by the New York Central and Hud-
son River roads. It costs the same price for the
reason that every channel has been filled to its
utmost capacity, and of course the carrier could
„ chaige whatever he pleased.
The traffic of the West over the New York ca-
nals, the New York Central road, the New Yotk
and Erie and the Pennsylvania .roads in 3862
amounted to nearly four million tons, consisting
of the cereal products grown upon the prairies of
Illinois, Minnesota, Iowa, and the northwestern
States. I say they are the great producing States
of the West, and we have got to look to their in-
terests, for let me tell you the States which were
once the favorite regions for cereal grams pro-
duce them no longer as before. New York has
ceased to be a wheat-growing State, and Ohio to-
day produces three or four million bushels less
than she did twenty years ago. You have got to
loflk to the Northwest,to thmgreatand rich coun-
try, where the climate and soil both unite for pro-
ducing the best and hardiest wheat, which can be
taken lo market without injury or loss.
In Minnesota, and in all the region of tho up-
per Mississippi, the clmiate is singularly favor-
able to the cultivation of grains.
Climate, sir, depends often upon physical con-
siderations, other than latitude: it depends upon
elevation, upon the currents of the atmosphere
and the currents of the ocean. The mercury falls,
as we ascend from the general level of the earth,
about one degree Fahrenheit m every three bun-
dled and ten feet of ascent, or, in other words, an
ascent of three hundred and ten feet has upon the
thermometer the equivalent effect of a northern
movement over a degteeof latitude. The whrnt-
growing plains of the Northwest are not, on an
average, nine hundred feet above the Atlantic, a
tfcss elevation, indeed, than is given to the old
wheat fields of Pennsylvania and New York.
We look naturally, then, for a mild climate; but
will it be one free from injurious moisture? The
mysterious laws whichwsupply the inigation of
Hie globe are not yet fully comprehended; but
we know, as a general thing, in this day, from
what springs or sources the rains which are pre*
cipitated at any given point are gathered, and
where the waters are wafted as vapors in the at-
mosphere. The rains which fall in the gseat
Northwest are supplied, to a great extent, irom
the evaporation of the south Pacific ocean; are
borne on the south wind's wing through heated
and tiopic climes, to be partially condensed by
contactwith the moderate elevations ofthe Ilocky
mountain range, and passing on over elevated
plains yield their remaining moisture to the colder
atmospheric currents of the northeast, and are
precipitated on the plains of the Northwest to
give life and vigor to vegetation.
While on the Pacific slope the annual precipi-
tation taking place, mainly in a few months, is
from sixty to eighty inches of water; in the upper
Mississippi it doesnot exceed thirty inches. We
have then a climate not surcharged with vapor,
and where dry'winds prevent injury to the har-
vest. It embraces all the upper Mississippi, the
Red River of the North, and all thatregion where
the isothermal lines of Humboldt mark a temper-
ature of 60° for the summer months.
1 must confess that I look to this part of our
continent as an important field for cereal produc-
tions, and the outlet to which must be through
our own country or through the Canadas; and
when I remember that the States on which we were
formerly dependent for flour have ceascd to be-
come important producers of wheat—that Ohio,
New York, and Pennsylvania severally produce
less annually by several million bushels than in
1840, and that Europe itself is to be largely sup-
plied by American productions—it seems to me
that we should pursue a policy calculated to pre-
serve the most friendly relations with the agricul-
turists of the British provinces.
But, sir, my views gofui ther than that. There
are political considerations affecting this question.
The people of western Canada are of our own
blood and race, and I regretted to hear the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Pike] the other day use
language imputing to them hostility to us in the
great struggle m which wo are engaged. I did
not like to hear him speak of resolutions passed
in Toronto, or in Kingston, or elsewhere as indi-
cating the true sentiment of the Canadian people,
ft is a falsehood; it is a libel. Sir, 1 know the
Canadian people.
Mr. PlIvE. The gentleman docs not intend to
impute falsehood to me?
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Of course, I do
not. 1 mean only to say that those resolutions
give a false impression of the sentiments of the
people of Canada.
Mr. PIKE. I did not speak of any resolutions
adopted m Canada.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I thought the gen-
tleman did. I perhaps received that impression
from a personal statement. I listened with emo-
tion and with considerable excitement to tho pic-
ture which the gentleman drew ofthe depredations
upon our commerce, of the waves of the ocean
lighted up at night by tho fires of our burning
merchantmen. But did the gentleman mean to
say tint the people of Canada are responsible for
that?
I know that the public meetings sympathizing
with the rebellion which have been held in Can-
ada have been directed andcontiotled by refugees,
by men who have fled from the South because
they were not only traitors but cowards; they
have dictated the resolutions and controlled these
public demonstrations, and given tone to what the
gentleman calls the public sentiment of Canada.
1 umleitake to say that tho people of Western
Canada are friendly to us, and sympathize with
us in our present struggle. They are most of
them of American descent, and I do not think it
is worth while for us to attempt to get up difficul-
ties between people of the same race and blood.
Sir, let us bide our time. Years tame the cur-
rent of human passion. The prejudices of the
past yield to the present; the prejudices of the
present will yield to the convictions of the future,
and if we pursue the even tenor of our way an<L
act, as wc should do, in a fair and honorabl?
manner, we shalffmd that the people of Canada
by and by, freed of necessity from the restraints
of the power of Great Britain, will become either
(in independent empire, united to us by the most
intimate and friendly ties of commercial and so-
cial intercourse, or will become an integral part
of this Union, when the banner which flouts over
you will become the emblem of sovereignty from
the Gulf.of Mexico to the Arctic ocean.
Sir, i am not ashamed to intimate to the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain that we are ready to
revise the treaty. 1 am not prepared to say to
them that we are ready to abrogate it. Doubt-
less it docs need revision and amendment, and I
hope that measures will be adopted here that will
secure a new convention, and \%hich will give the
President authority to signify to the Government
of Great Britain our dissatisfaction with the pres-
ent operation of the treaty: and if that be done,
I have no doubt that Great Britain will receive
the intimation kindly, and will meet us without
anger, prejudice, or passion. I do not believe
that our dignity will be at all promoted by em-
ploying the language of threat or menace. It
is a practical business question, and should be
treated in a business-like 'and common-sense
manner. •
I intended, sir, offering an amendment leaving
the matter discretionary with the President, but
this necessity may be obviated by the amendment
proposed since I took the floor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELIOT obtained the floor, but yielded il to
Mr. WILSON, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half past four, o'clock p. m.) the House ad-
journed.  
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 25, 18G4.
Player by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a pe-
tition of citizens of Salisbury, New Hampshire,
praying for the abolition of slavery, and for the
adoption of such an amendment to the Constitu-
tion as will forever prohibit its existence in any
portion of our common country; which was re-
ferred to the select committee on slavery and
freedmen.
Mr. McDOUGALL presented a memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of the city of San
Francisco, remonstrating Against the taxing of
the gross products of the mines in the Pacific
States and Territories; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I beg leave to present the
memorial of the banks of New Orleans^which
states that during the possession of that city by
the confederates they were forced to take confed-
erate currency, and they received it upon special
deposit from their customers with the understand-
ing in writing, as 1 recollect, that they wcie to
have the right to pay back the debt consequent
upon the deposit in the same currency. They
allege, however, thatafter General Butlergotpos-
session of the city he issued an order compelling
them to pay to those depositors in gold and sil- ~
ver or in their own currency the amount of the
deposit, the result of which was that they have
been compelled to make themselves responsible
in our currency for an amount of nearly a mil-
lion dollars. They ask that the tax which Con-
gress has imposed or is about to impose upon cur-
rency may not be imposed upon that portion of
their circulation until they shall have an oppor-
tunity of testing before the courts the legality of
that order. 1 move its reference to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to present a memo-
rial from the president of the New Jersey State
Medical Society, which, with.the pet mission of
the Senate, I will read. It is as follows:
To the Military Committee of the American Congress:
As pi evident of the State Medical Society o( New Jersey,
and lor the time being a humble representative of the
profession m this estate, I have been requited to give my
views, po tar as I believe them to represent tho-e of the
physicians of the State, in inspect to the application made
to the honorable mefabersot Congiess, through then iUilt-
taiy Committee, m lefercnce to the rank in ceitam medical
departments of the Army, ft has long.been a subject of
regret, not only in our profession and among those imme-
diately interested, but with others ol lngh standing in the
Amiy and in civil life, that to the Army surgeon tboie has
not been accorded the s>ame oppoitumty of ptomotion, as
a reward tot valuable and acknowledged superioiny,as to
those belonging to other grades. Jfany man in an unity is
sfuetly identified with it it is the surgeon, in the camp
or on the field,with the garrison or at tho post, in the.-ieye
or the advance, he must ever be on the ab-it. The value
ot human life is the measute ot I>h ief ponribility. til- pro-
fessional duties are in a military way. undei military disci-
pline, modified by all the eiieumstances of military law,
and he is by plain interpretation a military man. He brings
not only himself'bnt his. profesMriu to,the service ot his
countiv. In addition to strictly piofessional aid lie has
i large executive lesponsibiluy. Not untiequentiy the du-
