3432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
What is the objection to this? I understand
the great feature of the objection is simply that
though there are States in this Union who find
fromthe character of their population and pur-
suits great difficulty in furnishing from within
their own limits these men, they shall not be per-
mitted to go elsewhere for them. I do not under-
stand that it is charged that such States are un-
willing to furnish the men, but that they have not
the men. There are States of the Union that have
been subjected to a draft these fifteen or twenty
years, and their army has gone West, and fur-
nish at this moment the staple of supply in many
western States. There are States of this Union
whose young men of the military age, between
eighteen and forty-five, have been constantly
drafted from among them and gone off into other
States where there are held out other and greater
inducements to make their homes; and they leave
behind them the less rugged of their own age, and
the older ones to be by them supported in the
homes they leave.
Sir, there is scarcely an Iowa, Illinois, or Wis-
consin regiment that has made a gallant charge
upon the enemy during the last three years whose
losses have not only carried sorrow to their homes
in the West but have carried also lamentation
and woe into the homes of fathers and mothers
•and brothers in the East. We have furnished
from the East men for the West to send to the
war, and we arc glad that the West has had such
invigorating blood sent into that new field. 1
say, sir, that the new regiments that have gone
out and done honor to the West, of which it has
a right to boast, have had in their ranks those
whose glories won bringjoy among the hills and
valleys of New England also; and the bullets by
which they fall reach also hearts and homes
' among those hills.
But our friends from the West seem to fail to
recognize this fact. Look at the census. The
census tells you that of men between the ages of
eighteen and forty-five there is a very large per
cent, more in Illinois, in Indiana, in Wisconsin,
in Iowa, in Minnesota, than there is in any sin-
gle one of the New England States. We do not
desire to shirk or avoid any portion of our re-
sponsibility or of our burdens upon this occa-
sion. Not at all, sir. We will furnish all our
men, so far as it is in our power, by volunteers,
if you will let. us procure those volunteers upon
ground common to us all.
And there can bono objection upon the quality
of (he soldieis thus procured, because the United
States themselves have been engaged in this same
work. There can be no objection to our pro-
curing them upon the reason that the soldier thus
procured is not. just as good as any other soldier,
and that the procuring them upon this ground
will deteriorate the character of the Army. What
is the objection ? I submit 1 have not heard from
any quarter anything which seems to be in any
respect a valid objection to granting to those
States which tiave already been diained of their
young men the right of going into the States de-
clared to hi; ut rebellion and there procuring such
volunteers as they enn induce to come into the
service.
Mr. WILSON. I would ask whether the
quotas for the several districts and States, made
out under existing law and in accordance with
the practice of the Department, are not determined
by the number of enrolled men in the districts
and States.
Mr. DAWES. If my friend from Iowa can
tell how the quota is made up in any State he is
the best mathematician I have seen yet.
Mr. WILSON. I understand the quotas are
determined in accordance with the number of men
upon the uilts; and that being the case, the State
of Massachusetts has to furnish her proportion
in accordance with the number of men upon h<y
rolls in the same way that the State of Iowa and
other States furnish their quotas.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, whether they
be assigned on the enrollment or on the popula-
tion I do not know. Sometimes I am informed
it is on the one and sometimes I am informed it
is on the other. This much I know, that noarith-
metic ever invented has been able to cipher it and
to determine the rule by which these quotas are
assigned. I do not mean to say there has been
any design—for I do not think there has been—
on the part of assigning officers to assign to any
State more than its share, or that any State has
had in the aggregate more than its fair share as-
signed. But no rule such as is indicated by the
gentlemen from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] will hold
true when applied either to the State of Massa-
chusetts or the State of Iowa.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, the rule may
not be a just one, but the injustice, if there be
(Iny, falls on the States who have the most men,
in proportion to their population,liable to perform
military duty; so that the injustice really falls on
•the western States.
Mr. DAWES. The fact is that no such rule
as that the assignment is made on the enrollment
lists has prevailed in the assignment of quotas.
Mr. 'SCHENCK. The original enrollment
act, which has never been amended, provides that
in assigning to districts the number of men to be
furnished, the President shall take into consider-
ation the number of volunteers and militia by and
for the several States, and the period of service
from the commencement of the present war.
That is the law. In practice that assignment
made by the Picsident is on the basis of the ca-
rolled militia of the several districts, or of the
population between the ages of twenty and forty-
five, not according to population, but according
to the number of persons liable to draft. I speak
merely of the law, and of the basis of assignment.
As to the fact I do not know.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Ohio is very properly cautious in distin-
guishing between what is his constiuction of the
law as he reads it and what is the practice under
the law. I am not discussing that point with the
gentleman. I will yield again to the gentleman
from Iowa if he will give mo one good reason
why I should not be permitted to obtain my vol-
unteer wherever I please; provided, first, that I
get as good a one as ho is; and, next, that I do
not get anybody who belongs to him.
Mr. WILSON. If there are men within the
military a^es m States engaged in the rebellion
against the United States, I believe those men
should be enlisted by the General Government;
and that in addition to those so enlisted by the
Government, each State should be required to
furnish its just proportion of the men to fill up
the deficit in the Army. That makes it equal.
Then all the men enlisted by the General Govern-
ment in the southern States go to the credit of the
whole country. That is the object of the enroll-
ment bill, to cause every Slate to furnish its
proper proportion.
There is one fact in connection with the popu-
lation of the eastern States which the gentleman
finm Massachusetts leaves out entirely. That is
that in the eastern States there is a larger propor-
tion of men over forty-five years of age than there
is in the western States; so that we of the West
have more men liable to military duty in propor-
tion to the population than the eastern States have.
Mr. DAWES. Does it lessen the burden that
the old men arc left among us ? I do not propose,
nor does the bill propose, to interfere at all with
the United States in any effort they may make to
recruit their armies on their general call anywhere
in the rebel States. No such interference is con-
templated by this bill, and no such interference
will result from it. The object is merely that
when the United States omits to enroll men, we
may gather them up and put them into the ranks.
But, sir, the other branch have refused to concur
in our proposition by which we simply propose
to put into the ranks those who would otherwise
be scattered to the four quarters. *That is what
I complain of. I do not ask on behalf of the
eastern States that they shall be permitted to take
a single man that the United States proposes to
enlist.
I ask gentlemen to bear in mind that the United
States has been driven into this business of en-
listing men on the part of the General Govern-
ment by the East; that thousands of dollars, vol-
unteer contribution, have been sent, secured by
our own agents without asking that they should
be put into the quota of any State, and the United
States has engaged reluctantly m the bysmess of
enlisting just so far as it has been pushed, and
no further; and it is not, therefore, because they
want these men themselves that they object to
this clause which we piopose to put into the bill.
There is no reason—no mortal man has given a
reason or can give a reason, it seems to me—why
we should not be permitted, when we have not the
men ourselves, to take these men which neither
the United States nor the States which now op-
pose this provision take. And when it has been
admitted that such men are fit to become soldiers,
I ask again, is there any reason why we should
not have the opportunity of bringing them in
Now, Mr. Speaker, with such a bill, after this
House has declared by a very large majority over
and ov§r again that no bill would be acceptable
to them tlmt had nota provision in it authorizing
any State desiring it to go into the rebel States and
recruit the wasted ranks of their regiments, and
had sent this bill to the other branch of Congress,
and after we had time and again,by unexampled
majorities, decided that we could not force upon
our people this draft without commutation, we
assented to it at last because it contained the pro-
vision that we should have the privilege of going
down to the rebel States and there recruiting our
wasted regiments, giving us sixty days' notice.
We then agreed by the bill that if we could not
raise our men within that time wc would take the
draft without commutation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I regret to be under the ne-
cessity of saying to those who look upon the true
character of this measure and who know its effect
upon the country, to those who know how much
force it will take to execute this law, that I am
unable to understand how, consistently with their
desire to keep our armies filled, they will persist
in enforcing this particular measure and in ex-
cluding the privilege we have asked, when we
pledge ourselves by the bill we passed that if
granted we will furnish our full quota of men
under this law, by draft or otherwise, without the
necessity of bringing any force to us from abroad.
Mr. SCFIENCK. I yielded the floor to the
gentleman from Massachusetts for a very few
moments. I have promised to yield a portion of
my time to somegentleman upon the other side,
and I must therefore resume the floor.
Mi. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask my
friend from Massachusetts one simple question.
Mr. LE BLOND. I rise to a question oforder.
It seems as though this matter of debating this
measure must all be on one side. I desire to know
whether it is in order for a gentleman to hold the
floor and yield it simply to those whom he may
select ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to yield the floor for explanation of the pending
measure.
MESSAGE JFROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate have passed without amendment
bills and joint resolution of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 336) for the relief of Dr.
Charles M. Wetherill;
An act (H. R. No. 550) to establish Colfax
street, in the city of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia;
An act (H. R. No. 133) for the relief of Wil-
liam Sawyer and others, of the State of Ohio; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 113) to settle and
pay the accounts of John S. Phelps, of Missouri,
as a member of the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
Also, that ihe Senate have passed a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 90) to refer the claim of Naham
Ward back to the Court of Claims, with an
amendment, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate insist on their amendment
to the joint resolution (Ii. R. No. II) in relation
to the claim of Carmack & Ramsey, agree, to
the confeience asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
have appointed Mr. Sherman, Mr. Anthony,
and Mr. Lane, of Kansas, the committcc on the
part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate return to the House, in
compliance with Us request, the bill of the Senate
(No. 151) relating to enlistments, and for other
purposes.
Also, that the Senate have passed an act (£fo.
91) to quiet titles in favor of parties in actual
possession of Jmids situated in the District of
Columbia, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House. .
Also, that the Senate have agreed to the amend-
ments of the House to bills of the Senate of the
following titles:
An act (No. 233) making an additional grant
