THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
common defense, promote the general wtUaiu,
and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves
and our posterity;" ail of which, in every par-
ticular, is absolutely inconsistent with slavery.
And thhdly, lie would observe those time-hon-
ored, most efficacious, chain-breaking words in
the Amendments: " No person shallhe deprived of
life, liberty, or property, without due process of
law." Scorning all false interpretations and
glosses which may have been fastened upon the
Constitution as a support of slavery, and with
these three things before him, he would naturally
declare that there was nothing in the original text
on which this hideous wrong could be founded
anywhere within the sphere of its operation.
With astonishment he would ask again by what
strange delusion or hallucination the reason had
been so far overcome as to recognize slavery in the
Constitution, when plainly it is not there, and can-
not be there? The answer is humiliating, but it is
easy.
People naturally find in texts of Scripture the
support of their own religious opinions or preju-
dices; and, in the same way, they naturally find
in texts of the Constitution the support of their
own political opinions or prejudices. And this
may not be in either case because Scripture or
Constitution, when truly interpreted, suppoits
these opinions or prejudices; but because people
are apt to find in texts simply a reflection of them-
selves. Most clearly and indubitably, whoever
finds any support of slavery in the Constitution
of the United States has first found such support
in himself; not that he will hesitate, perhaps, to
condemn slavery in woids of approved gentleness,
but because from unhappy education or more un-
happy insensibility to tins wrong he has already
■conceded to it a certain traditional foothold of im-
munity, which he straightway transfers from him-
self to the Constitution. In dealing with this
subject, it has not been the Constitution, so much
as human nature itself, which has been at fault.
Let the people change, and the Constitution will
change also; for the Constitution is but the
shadow, while the people are the substance.
But under the mltuencesof the piescntstiuggle
for national hie, and in obedience to its incessant
exigencies, the people have already changed, and
in nothing so much as slavery. Old opinions and
prejudices have dissolved, and that traditional
foothold which slavery once possessed has been
gradually weakened until now it scarcely exists.
Naturally this change must sooner or later show
itself in the interpretationof the Constitution. But
it is already visible even there, in the concession of
pnvcts over slavery which were fotmerly denied.
The time, then, has come when the Constitution,
which has been so long interpreted for shivery,
may be interpreted for freedom. This is em-stage
of tiiumph. Universal emancipation, which isat
hand, can be won only by complete emancipation
of the Constitution itself, which has been de-
graded to wear chains so long that its real character
is scarcely known.
Sometimes the concession is made on the ground
of military necessity. The capacioys war powers
of the Constitution are invoked, and itis said that
in their legitimate exercise slavery may be de-
stroyed. There is much in this concession; more
even than 13 imagined by many from whom it
proceeds. It is war, say they, which puts these
powers in motion; but they forget that wherever
bluvery exists there is perpetual war—that slavery
uselt is a state of war between two races, where one
is lor the moment victor—pictured accurately by
Jefferson when he described it as " permitting one
hull" of (he citizens to trample on the rights of the
other, transforming those into enemies,'and these
into despots." Therefore, wherever slavery ex-
ists, even m seeming peace, the war power may be
invoked to put an cud to a condition which is in-
ternecine, and to overthrow pretensions which are
hostile to every attribute of the Almighty.
But it is not on military necessity alone that the
concession is made. There are many who, as
they read the Constitution now, see its powers
^pver slavery more clearly than before. The old
cuiper&ution is abandoned; and they join with
Patrick Henry when, in the Virginia convention,
he declared that the power of manumission was
given to Congress. He did not hesitate to argue
against the adoption of the Constitutionbecauseit
gave this power. And shall we be less perspica-
cious for freedom than this Virginia statesman
was for slavery ? Discerning this power he con-
fessed his dismay; but let us confess our joy.
We have already seen that slavery can find no
support in the Constitution. Glance now at the
positive provisions by which it is brought com-
pletely under the control of Congress.
1. First among the powers of Congress, and as-
sociated with the power to lay and collect taxes, is
that" to provide for the common defense and gen-
eral welfare." It has been questioned whether this
is a substantive power, or simply incident to that
with which it is associated. But it seems difficult,
if not absurd, to insist that Congress should not
have this substantive power. Shall it not provide
for the common defense ? Shall it not provide for
the general welfare ? If it cannot do these things
it had better abdicate. In the discussions on the
Constitution in the Virginia convention, Mr.
George Mason, one of its most decided opponents,
said, " That Congress should have power to pro-
vide for the general welfare of the Union, I grant."
('2 Eliot's Debates, 327.) But the language of Pat-
rick Henry, to which allusion has been already
made, was still more explicit. He foresaw that
this power would be naturally directed against sla-
very, and he said:
" Slaver}1 is detested. We feel its fatal effects. We de-
plore it with all the pity of humanity. Let al! these consid-
erations, at some future peuod, pi ess with lull force on the
munis of Congress Let that uibamty which, I trust, will
distinguish Ameiican*, and the necessity of national de-
fense— let all tlie> e things opeiare on their minds; they
willseaich that paper [the Constitution] find see it they
have the power ot manumission. And have they not, sir?
Have they not the power to piovidefor the general defense
aiid welfare? May they not think that they call for the
abolition of slavery? May they not pronounce all slaves
free ? And will they not he wainjnted by that power? This
is no ambiguous implication or logical deduction. The
■paper speaks to the point. They have ihepower in clear and
unequivocal tetvis, and viU clearly and certainly exeicise
nrly <
590,
uncq,
it."1—&'lot's Debutes, vol. p. 5'
Language could not be more positive. To all
who ask for the power of Congiess over slavery,
here is a sufficient answer; and remember that
this is not my speech, but the speech of Patrick
Henry, who hays that the Constitution "speaks
to the point."
jNext comes the clause, " Congress shall
have power .to declaie war; to laise and suppoit
armies; to provide and maintain a navy." A
power like tins is from its very nature unlimited.
In raiding and supporting an army, m provid-
ing and maintaining a navy, Congress is not re-
strained to any particular class or color. It may
call upon all and authorize that contract which the
Government makes with an enlisted soldier. But
such a conuact would be in itself airactof manu-
mission ; for a slave cannot make a contract. And
it the contract be followed by actual sen ice, who
can deny its completest efficacy in enfranchising
the soldier-slave and his wholfc family? Slmk-
spenrc, immortal teacher, gives expiession to an
instinctive sentiment when he makes Henry V,
on the eve of the battle of Agmcourt, encourage
his men by promising,
'v Foi he to day thai <3liecl« his blood with me,
Shall be my hiothet ; be he ne'a so j lie,
This day shall gentle tus condition
3. There is still another clause: "The United
States shall guaranty to every State in this Union
a republican form of government." There again
is a plain duty. But the question recurs, what is
a republican form of government ? John Adams,
in the coriespondence of his old age, says:
The customary meanings of the \\ 01 ds republic and con 1-
thoiiwcalth have been infinite. They have been applied to
evorv Government uudei heaven; thatot Turkey and that
oi Spam, as v\ eii as that of Athens and ot Kome, ot Geneva
and San Maimo.5'—John Jldam^s $l~oiks} vol. 10, p. 3"<8.
But the guaiantec of a republican form of gov-
ernment must have a meaning congenial with the
purposes of the Constitution. If a Government
like that of Turkey, or even like that of Venice,
could come within the scope of this guarantee, it
would be of little value. It would be words and
nothing more. Evidently it must be construed
so as to uphold the Constitution according to all
the promises of its preamble, and Mr. Madison
has left a record, first published to the Senate by
the distinguished Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Collamer,] the chairman of the Committee on
the Library, showing that this clausc was origi-
( nally suggested in part by the fear of slavery.
| The record is important, disclosing the real in-
I tention of thisguarantee. But no American need
! be at a loss to designate some of the distinctive
elements of a republic accoiding to the idea of
American institutions. These will be found, first,
in the Declaration of Independence, by which it
is solemnly announced " that all men are endowed
by their Creator with certain unalienable rights;
that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness." And they will be found, sec-
ondly, in that other guarantee and prohibition of
the Constitution, in harmony with the Declara-
tion oflndependcnce;" no person shall be deprived
of life, liberty, or property without due process of
law." Such are some of the essential elements
of a " republican form of government,-" which
cannot *be disowned by us without disowning the
very muniments of our liberties; and it is these
which the United States are bound to guaranty.
But all these make slavery impossible. It is idle
to say that this result was not anticipated. It
would be, then, onlyanother illustration thatour
fathers "budded wiser than they knew."
4. But, independentof the clause of guarantee,
there is the clause just quoted, which in itself is
a source of power: "noperson shall be deprived
of life, liberty, or property without due process of
law." This was a part of the amendments to the
Constitution proposed by the First Congress, un-
der the popular demand for a Bill of Rights. Brief
as it is, it is m itself alone a whole Bill of Rights.
Liberty can be lost only by " due process of law,"
words borrowed from the old liberty-loving com- *
mon law, illustrated by our master in law, Lord
Coke, but best explained by the late Mr. Justice
Bronson, of New York, in a judicial opinion where
he says:
"The meaning of the section then seems to be, that 710
membei of the State shall be disfranchised or deprived of any
oj his rights or privileges unless the matter shall lie. adjudgnd
against him upon trial had according to the course of com-
mon law. The woids ' due process of law' in this place
cannot mean le&b than a prosecution or suit inmtuK'd and
conducted accoiding to the pie.serihed fonris and solemni-
ties for ascertaining guilt or deteimimtig the title to prop-
eity."—4 IIiWs liepoili} 14G.
Such is the protection which is thrown by the
Constitution over every "person," without dis-
tinction of race or color, class or condition. Thert
can be no doubt about the universality of this
protection. All, without exception, come within
its scope. Its natural meaning is plain; but there
is an incident of history which makes it plainer
still, excluding all possibility of misconception.
A clause of this character was originally recom-
mended as an amendment by two slave States,
North Carolina and Virginia, but it was restrained
by them to freemen, thus: " No freeman ou^ht to
be deprived of his life, liberty, or property but by
the laic of the land." But when th'e recommend-
ntiun came before Congress the word "person"
was substituted for "freeman," and the more
searching phrase " due process of law " was sub-
stituted for " the law of the land." In making
this change, rejecting the recommendation of two
slave States, the authors of this amendment re-
vealed their purpose, that no person wearing the
human form should be deprived of liberty with-
out due process of law; and the proposition was
] adopted by the votesof Congress and then of the
States as a part of the Constitution. Cleat ly on
us face it is an express guarantee of personal lib-
erty and an express prohibition against its inva-
sion anywhere.
In the face of this guarantee and prohibition—
for it is both—how can any "person" be held
as a slave? But it is sometimes said that this
provision must be restrained to places within the
exclusive jurisdiction of the national Government.
Let me say frankly thatsuch formerly svagmy own
impression, often avowed in this Chamber; but I
never doubted its complete efficacy torendei slave-
ry unconsitutional in all such placcs, so that " no
person" could be held as a slave at the national
capital or "in any national territory. Constitu-
tionally slavery has always been an outlaw where
ever that provision of the Constitution was ap-
plicable. Nobody doubted that it was binding
on the national courts, and yet it was left unexe-
cuted—a dead letter, killed by the predominant
influence of slavery, until at last Congress was
obliged by legislative act to do what the courts
had failed to do, and to put an end to slavery in
the national capital and national territories.
But there are no woids in this guarantee and
prohibition by which they are restrained to any
exclusive jurisdiction. They are broad and gen-
eral as the Constitution itself; and since they are
