1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
ties of a commissary, a quartermaster, a director, ail In-
spector, a purveyor, devolve upon him. Often by direct
• appointment he performs the duties assigned to the higher
grades of military authority.
Plain, old-fashioned justice seems to suggest that when
thus rising in the scale of real, admitted merit, he should
not be debarred the only recognition which military regu-
lation can confer. A case illustrative and not isolated is
familiar to me. A young gentleman of this State, favored
with all that social position and high culture eouid bestow,
twenty-five years since entered the Army as an assistant
surgeon. In camp and hospital, in garrisoned forts and at
frontier outposts, he shared with others the vicissitudes of
military life. Through all the exposures of the Mexican
war, amid the perils of guerrilla warfare and the stilt more
secret shafts of pestilential air, he dM> his duty. At the out-
break of the rebellion he was summoned as medical director
oi the eighth Army corps. Amid the trying days of Maryland
patriotism, twenty thousand sick and wounded men looked
to him for superintending care. The position newded him
but it had no rank or emolument to confer. Privates, cor-
porals, and captains who began with him their military
career, and numbers who started but recently, have long
outstripped his rank, only because the law of promotion
with them has permitted it. Yet the medical directorstiil
grades in rank as before, and must live on the pay of a
major. The same is true of medical purveyors. The pro-
fession at large as well as our brethren in the Army lee!
this to be an oversight. So palpable is this exception to
ipiHtary justice, that we believe your honorable body wili
permit it no longer. Without the tclat of milium y success
or the power of systematized political effort to press these
claims, we feel that if we can only fasten your attention
upon it, what is due to the country as much as to them
will not be overlooked. The English and the French ar-
mies have different and more complete orders of raijk for
the medical corps. The surgeon of the Russian licet, at the
enteitainmcnt by Governor Bradford at Annapolis stated
the progressive rank of our profession in the Russian army
as much higher than in our own. The profession in this
State bog the honor oV uniting with the American Medical
Association, with the patriot physicians of the Army, and
with those who in military and civil life recognize the
humble claims of the medical corps, in praying your hon-
orable body to grant &uch increase of rank to surgeons
holding chief executive and administrative places as shall
accord with their position and meilts.
1 Ifave the honor to be, with profound respect to your
honorable committee, EZRA JM. HUNT,
President of New Jciscy Stale Medical Society.
! move that this petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPEKS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, it was
Ordered, That R. W. Meade have leave to withdraw his
memorial and other papers from the files of the Senate.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the select committee on
slavery and freedmen, to whom was referred a
bill (H. R. No. 51) to establish a Bureau of Freed-
men's Affairs, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Commit?^ on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whoop was re-
ferred a bill (S. No. 286) to prohibit the discharge
of persons from liability to military duty by rea-
son of the payment of money, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Ida
Hoffman, widow of Solomon Hoffman, who was
killed on the 14th of March, 1863, while in the
perfoimance of his duties as deputy provostmar-
shal in the State of Indiana, in arresting deserters,
praying for a pension, submitted a report accom-
panied by a bill (S. No, 289) for the relief of Ida
Hoffman. The bill was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. William Whist-
ler, widow of the late Colonel William Whist-
ler, United States Army, praying for a pension,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. NKSMITH, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. 149) granting lands to the State of
Oregon to aid in the construction of a military
road from Portland to Dalles City, reported it
With an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 45) in relation to the taking of a cen-
sus in the year 1865, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. No. 53) pro-
viding for the taking of a census of the United
States, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, the subject being embraced ir> the
preceding joint resolution \ and the report was
agreed to.
VOTING IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. "WADE. I move to postpone all prior or-
ders for the purpose of taking up the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 57) to amend the cnarter'of the city
of Washington, that I reported here yesterday,
the object of which is to correct the registry of
votes in the District.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports are
still in order.
Mr. WADE. If I have the floor I want to
know if it is in order for me to move to postpone
all prior orders, even if reports are in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule re-
quires the Chair to receive reports. The Chair,
with the permission of the Senate—of course the
Chair will be guided by the decision of the Senate
—is desirous of holding to the rules to get through
reports, and then other business will be in order.
Mr. WADE. My inquiry is, if it is in order
to make a motion to take up the resolution, to
test the sense of the Senate on that question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The practice
has been both ways, as the Chair understands,
sometimes one way and sometimes the other;
but the Chair will be guided by the sense of the
Senate. The rule requires tjiat the Chair should
receive reports. The Chair will put the question
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, and that
will guide the Chair on this occasion. It is
moved by the Senator from Ohio that the Senate
now procecd to the consideration of the joint res-
olution indicated by him.
Mr. WILKINSON. Yesterday morning dur-
ing the morning hour there was a bill, on my
motion, taken up afci the Senate proceeded at
some length to consider it, but when the hour of
one o'clock arrived it went over until to-day. I
shall be obliged to object to this proposition of
the Senator from Ohio if it is to interfere with
that bill coming up.
Mr. WADE. I am not generally very obtru-
sive here; 1 occupy but very little time; but I
reported this resolution from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and there seems to be
a necessity, if it is to be acted upon at ail, for it
to be acted upon soon. It relates to voting here in
the District, and is designed to give every voter an
opportunity fairly to vote and to prevent favor-
itism and fraud?as I understand itv It is deemed
right and proper to the people here that that res-
olution should pass, If it is to pass it must be
passed very soon to be effectual, and therefore I
ask the sense of the Senate on.the motion to take
it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed by the Secretary that the resolution to
which the Senator refers has not been returned
from the printer. The Chair will finish receiv-
ing reports, if there be no objection. ?
^REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES—AGAIN.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
4ic Lands, to whom were referred the following
resolutions, petitions, and memorial, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to:
Resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas in
favor of a grant of land for the endowment of
Olathe college in that State;
Two petitions of citizens of Iowa, praying for
an extension of the act of March 3, 1857, for the
relief of purchasers of swamp lands;
Two petitions of citizens of California, pray-
ing for the repeal of an act entitled "An act to
grantthe rightof preemption to certain purchasers
on the Soscol Ranch in the State of California,"
approved March 3,1863; and
A memorial of the Legislature of Minnesota,
in favor of a grant of lands to aid in the construc-
tion of the Southern Minnesota railroad.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills and joint resolu-
tion, reported them severally without amendment
and with a recommendation that they be post-
poned indefinitely:
A bill (S. No. 71) to authorize a loan on the
security of the public lands of the United States,
and to promote the sale and settlement of the same;
A bill (S. No, 74) to secure homesteads to per-
sons in the military service of the United States;
and
A joint resolution (S, No. 22) m reference to
lands belonging to certain States.
He also, from the same committee, to whom i
was referred a bjU (II. R, 205) authorizing
the issue of patents for location*, <uie- witk cer-
tificates granted und e r aU t h o r.i t yo f t heact of;Gi v<-
gress, approved March 17, 1869, allowing floats
in satisfaction of lands sold by the UnitedElites
within the limits of the Las Ormigns and L& Nana
grants in Louisiana, reported it without amend-
ment. , . ■
Mr. WADE. Iam instructed by the Committee
on Territories, to whom the subject was referred,
to report a bill (S. No. 291) to amfend an>act
entitled "An act to enable the people ofcGoIoeado
to form a constitution and State government, and
for the admission of such State into the Union on
an equal footingwith the original States."
The bill was read and passed to a second
readings
Mr. WADE." I aslc for the present consider-
ation of the bill, intuftnuehaj it ought to be passed
at once. ' ' - '
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it cannot be considered now.
BILI<S INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unamrry>usc n-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill {S. No.
290) to increase the facilities of telegraph commu-
nication between the Atlantic and Pacific States
and the Territory of Idaho; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 58) in relation to the professors- of
the Military Academy at West Point; which wns
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 292)
to provide for the efficiency of the Navy; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
APPOINTMENT OP MILITARY OFFICERS.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I submit the following res-
olution, and ask'for its present consideration: -
Whereas large corps have been and are now being or-
ganized in the military scrvice of the United States with-
out the advice and consent of the Senate in the appoint-
ment and comiriHsionuig of the officers thoreof:
Be it therefore resolvedf That the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia be, and they hereby are, di-
rected to report a bill to the Senate requiring that ail ap-
pointments in the service aforesaid heretofore made, or
which may hereafter be made, shall have the advice and
consent of the Senate, a? provided by law in other cases,
and that the commissions of all officers not receiving the
advice and consent of the Senate to their nominations
will expire with the present session of Congress.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from Rhode
Island will consent to modify that resolution. As
it now stands it is in the form ofa positive instruc-
tion to the committee. I hope it will bo putin the
usual form, instructing the committee to inquire
into the expediency of doing this, and not pro-
posing a direct vote of instruction to report a par-
ticular bill. I have no doubt the committee will
be very glad to enter into an examination of the
subject, without being told positively what to do.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have no objection to that
modification- but it seemed to me that the case
was so clear—as must be apparent to every Sen-
ator when he reflects—that it was well to take
action at once. To-day the Government of the
United States is organizing an invalid corps and
negro troops, and appointing officers for them
without the knowledge, advice, or consent of the
coordinate branch of the Government which by
the Constitution is intrusted with a share of the
appointing power. In the regular Army, in the
signal corps, in every other corps of the Army,
and. in the marine corps and in the Navy, the
advice and consent of the Senate are required to
all nominations. I suppose there has been a sim-
ple omission in the law regulating the organiza-
tion of these corps.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that a bill
is now being prepared under the care of the Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] in regard to
the invalid corps and for its reorganization. He
has had that subject under advisement some little
time, and I believe good progress is being made.
As to the organization of colored troops, Con-
gress passed an act empowering the President to
