1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£383
of lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line; and
An act (No. 302) to encourage and facilitate
telegraph communication between the eastern and
western continents.
CONSCRIPTION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. The gentleman states
that he will withdraw the force from the Army
to enforce a draft. I want him to tell the House
whether the' State of Massachusetts intends to re-
sist the draft.
Mr. DAWES. It wassimple for the gentleman
to put such a question to me. He and this House
know very well that the State of Massachusetts
does not intend to resist the draft. Massachu-
setts has dedicated herself and all she has to the
support of the laws of the land and the subjuga-
tion of those who rebel against them.
If the gentleman wants to know what Massa-
chusetts will do, I will tell him. She will do all
of her duty, and will continue to bow to the law,
whatever it is, so long as there is a dollar in her
treasury or she has asingledrop of blood to shed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. She will fight with
men from other States; she will buy men from
the other States to do the fighting for her.
Mr. DAWES. She will get men everywhere
that she can get them.
Mr. SCHENCK. All I desire myself is ten
minutes in which to explain what the Senate has
done; but! am perfectly willing to yield ten min-
utes of my time to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Harding,] who is anxious to be heard on
this question.
Mr. HARDING. I thank the gentleman from
Ohio for his courtesy in yielding to me. It is
proper that the discussion should not be confined
to the other side of the House-. The whole truth
ought to be told, and it ought to be told at once.
The members from Massachusetts ought to be
willing to acknowledge that their whole effort is
to throw the burden of their share of fighting in
this war upon the negroes they may procure from
other States. They might as well come up and
face the music at once. They do not want to go
themselves, but they want to send the negroes in
their place, however those negroes may be ob-
tained. This is a part of that demoralizing and
destructive policy which the real disuniomsts of
Massachusetts have inaugurated, and which I
have ever denounced.
The great promises that they made in the first
days ot the war have not been fulfilled. Where
are the nine hundred thousand men that Gov-
ernor Andrew, of Massachusetts, told us would
throng the high ways from Massachusetts on then-
way to the Army ? Where are they? ESho an-
swers " wheie?" The fugitive slave law has
been repealed and all the other things that they
desire have been accomplished, and still these
nine hundred thousand Massachusetts men re-
main at home. They have, on the contrary, sent
out their slave-catchers into all the southern
States to buy, to kidnap, to steal the black men,
and to force them into the Army to fill up their
quota. They will not go themselves, however
much they have talked about giving up their last
man; but they get these negroes and put them
in the front and skulk behind them as we have
seen for so many months. That is what they
want. That is the right they are so tenacious about.
Mr. DAWES rose.
Mr. HARDING. No, sir; I do not yield the
floor to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I believe that this is a
white man's Government. The white man, the
white race, in my judgment, ought to carry on
the war for its preservation. I believe that the
people of no section of the country should be al-
lowed to skulk behind the negro and force the
black man where they are unwilling to go them-
selves. I am opposed to one State sending its
a ents into other States to kidnap negroes and
viitually to buy and reenslave them. There has
been great feeling heretofore on the part of the
men who buy these negroes against the outrages
charged by them to have been perpetrated upon
the slaves, but they propose now to make them
undergo every hardship and peril in order that
they themselves be released from the just meas-
ure of responsibility which devolves upon them.
I understand, but 1 am not sure about it, that
Massachusetts has already idised two legimerits
of negroes 111 the State of Ohio, and even if the
agents of Massachusetts are permitted to go down
to South Carolina to buy two regiments of con-
trabands, they ought to go to pay for what has
been taken from Ohio.
What the gentleman is declaiming against is,
that the practice resorted to by Massachusetts is
not recognized in this bill. Why, sir, the Gen-
eral Government ought to get all these men if
they are desirable as soldiers, and if it.is right to
take them at all. There would then bo that many
more fighting men for the Government.. But do
not let the people of Massachusetts escape from '
the just burdens of this war by sending their
agents upon southern soil to kidnap and reenslave
these negroes by sending them into the Army.
Massachusetts and all the other States ought to
stand on their own bottom. If it is necessary
that these men should be put into the service,
let the General Government recruit down there.
Let them be credited to all of the States, and not
to the State of Massachusetts alone.
Let that be done and then let us see how this
policy works. This is a part of that fanatical
system which we have seen inaugurated by Mas-
sachusetts. If it had not been forced upon the
country, the people of Massachusetts would not
occupy the position they now do of hunting up
negroes to fill their places in the Army.
But howisitnow? Tou want to force the white
soldiers to an equality with the negroes, force them
to associate and to mess with them, and force them
to fight with them. How would you like it your-
selves, as much as you love the negro? Are you
willing to take them into yourembraccsand make
them your associates in this House ? Would you
he willing to sit by them here and vote with them ?
Of course you would not. And yet you want to
foice the white soldier in the Army into an equal-
ity with him. You have carried that policy so
far that it has become odious, and all our troubles
have arisen out of it. Our present condition is
the fruit of your policy, and now you want to
shrink from the bitter result; now the gentleman
from Massachusetts wants to skulk behind the
negro, and send after them the negro kidnapper.
This is a beautiful commentary on the repeal of
the fugitive slave law.
A few men are to be sent afterthem,and when
you get them you send them into the Army.
This Government will never be saved on any such
policy as that. I say, the man who feels as he
ought the just value of such a Government as this,
the man who appreciates its worth, the State or
community which appreciates its worth, never
will want to send an inferior race before them to
protect them and their rights. The best and most
intelligent men you have, the men whoappreciate
to the highest extent the value of this Govern-
ment are the men you ought to send into your
armies. Will the gentleman say that his con-
stituents are as ignorant and know as little about
the value of this Governmentas the negro ? Does
he say that the negro will make as good a sol-
dier and as intelligent a patriot as a Massachu-
setts man? Do you estimate the patriotism, the
intelligence, the worth, and the love of country
of the negro equal to those of your constituents?
Do you? Sir, it is a perfectly plain case and
every man with half an eye can see it. You have
nothing to do but to furnish your own quota, and
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] has al-
ready cut off one argument entirely. None of
your young men have gone off from Massachu-
setts since this enrollment was made, unless they
are deserters.
Now, sir, in Kentucky, where the war has beat
upon us with all its fury and violence, where our
horses have been stolen, property taken,and our
people have been reduced in many cases almost
to beggary and want, the voice of Kentucky has
nevet come up heie with any whining of this port.
We furnish our quota without negroes,and Ken-
tucky would scorn at any time to call negroes to
her help.
Mr. SCHENCK resumed the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman that
it is due to me that I should have an opportunity
to reply.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will give the gentleman
five minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I ought not to be limited to five
minutes afti-i the tirade which has been poured
out upon Massachusetts and upon myself.
Massachusetts, Mr. Speaker, can take a great
deal of lecturing; she has already taken a greiat
deal in this Holise, but it is not TOS-yedwfoEtefete
to take it from, Kentucky. The bones of Masi
sachusetts'sons are bleaching on thesoil off£rax- .
tucky to save that State from rebellion and trefis
son. And whatever may be said of the represent-
atives of Massachusetts in'lhils Capitdl, or.'olfiher
Governor, when the President of the UnitedStates
called upon the Governor of Massachusetts for "
troops to defend the Government lie never ;in-
sulted the Executive of this country by refusing
to send men, as the Governor of Kentucky did.
Whatever may be said of her representatives
here, they have never been expelled from this and
the other end of the Capitol for their treasonable
utterances here. Sir, we have no rebel generals at
the head of divisions and corps marching on to the
slaughter of the Union men of this country. We
have no men from Massachusetts who, because
they failed to get the highest offices in the gift of
the Government, turned traitors anil led the young
men of Massachusetts into treason and blood.
Kentucky can tell whether she has. She has to-
day more representatives in the rebel congress
than in this.
Sir, Massachusetts has not called upon the
General Government to help her save herself from
treason. All the forces of the Government for
the last three years have been called to the assist-
ance of Kentucky, and they have just, kept her
head above the water; and no Kentucky man, with
the history of the last three years written in blood
before him, has the right to lecture Massachu-
setts, which has done her full duty and furnished
all her men.
Talk about Massachusetts! Sir, let abuse of
Massachusetts come from some other quarter than
that, reeking as it is with treason and with blood
from one end to the other, and the utterances of
whose treason are only a remarkable instance of
the forbearance of this Government until forbear-
ance has almost ceased to be a virtue. [Applause
on the floor.]
That is all I have to say to the tirade upon Mas-
sachusetts that comes from Kentucky.
Mr. HARDING. Does the gentleman allude
to my remarks when he speaks of treasonable
utterances?
Mr. SCHENQIC resumed the floor.
Mr. HARDING. The gentleman from Ohio
will allow me,to ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts a question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield to the gentleman from Kentucky?
Several Members objected.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1'do not.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Kentucky will resume his seat. The gentleman
from Ohio has the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say that this is
House bill No. 549.
Mr. WADSWORTH. We ought to have sat-
isfaction on that point, and I am not satisfied that
thegentleman from Massachusettsdoesnotdesire
to preclude an answer.
Mr. COX. No objection can prevail against a
member yielding for a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER.' Thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] has the floor. If he yields he
muststate to whom. If not the Chair will protect
him in his right to the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have not yielded.
The SPEAKER. Then thegentleman will pro-
ceed with his remarks.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire, in a very few mo-
ments, to say to the House, so that it may under-
stand what it is on which it is callajl upon to vote,
that the bill now before the House is not the Sen-
ate bill proper, but House biUNo. 549, which was
finally passed in the shape given to it by the
amendment offered as a substitute by the gentle-
man from. Delaware, [Mr. Smithers.] It has
been returned from the Senate with that substi-
tute entirely struck out, the Senate substituting
as an amendment an entirely new bill. Gentlemen
will recollect that when the bill came back from the
Senate first it contained as one Of its sections a
revenue clause providing for raising the money,
by an income tax, for the payment of bounties;
a very singular clause, by the way, inasmuch
as the Senate had struck out everything in the
bill relating to bounties. The bill having been
returned to the Senate with a declaration on the
part of the House that that section had been
