436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Mr. Fresident,I have nottheslightestdoubton
earth that if I had been on the stand and the Sen-
ator from Iowa had been my cross-examiner he
could have kept me on the stand all day, if he
chose, putting questions, some of which would
have been relevant and some irrelevant, some of
which would have been pertinent and some not,
some of which I might have answered and some
of -which I could not answer. £>ome of them
might have been like the question proposed by
the Irish tailor to Captain Simms when lecturing
on hollow spheres; and that was, whether if the
atmosphere combined with the hemisphere and
produced a concussion, animal heat could be gen-
erated? [Laughter.] A great many such ques-
tions might have been put; hut, sir, I stand on
what I said.
-The Senator finds fault that I did not, when (
gave the account of the estimates, go on and re-
duce our currency to gold. He says I ought to
have told the Senate when I stated that they asked
for $142,000,000 for the Navy this year that it
was in a depreciated currency. Sir, was there a
member of the Senate, was there anybody on
earth that had the slightest doubt as to what I
meant; that I meant $142,000,000, such as we
commonly speak of, when wo speak here, every
time we mention the currency? Does every gen-
tleman here, when he has occasion to speak of
dollars,find himself under the necessity of quoting
the price of gold and telling the Senate what the
„ real value of it is in gold? I supposed that when
a man addressed the Senate he ought to under-
stand what Chief Justice Marshall told a young
attorney who was arguing before him. He told
him that counsel ought to consider that the Su-
preme Court of the United States knew some-
thing; that he need not tell them everything; that
they were acquainted with someof the first princi-
ples of the law. [Laughter.] Sir,I supposed when
s I spoke of $142,000,000 that everybody knew I
meant $142,000,000 of the common currency in
use; and 1 do not think the facts stated were sub-
ject to the chaige of disingenuousness because I
did not reduce the sum to gold currency. Nothing i
on earth was furthei from my mind than that in
making that statement 1 was making an attack
on the Navy Department. I wanted to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that we were
called upon to appropriate an inimen.se sum for
that Department. 1 wanted the eyes of the Senate
diiected to that fact, in order that they might take
every piecaution to sec that it was wisely and
well appropriated.
But, sir, there is another matter that the Sena-
tor spoke of m those remarks which seems to me
to require a single word of comment. He repre-
sents that he himself has been dissatisfied with
some of the proceedings of the Navy Department,
and indeed of ail the Departments;' but the differ-
ence between him and me is, that tie is cool, im-
peiturbable, not easily excited by passion, and
does not come into the Senate to ik ventilate his
griefs" here. That, he says, constitutes the dif-
ference between him and me. Now let me saya
single word. I defy that honorable Senator, I
defy any gentleman that sits aiouml me, or ever
sat uiouiul me, to point his finger to a woid that
I have spoken in the Senate in which, to use the
classical language of the Senator, I ever " venti-
lated my private griefs." No, sir, never. Upon
that subject I have a rule to which I have iimui-
ably and leligiously adhered ever since this war
commenced; and that wiw, that I would have rio
enemies but the enemies of my countiy; if I had
griefs?, they should be buried; if I had wionp-s,
they should be submitted to in silence; if f had
resentments, they should be smothered; but while
this contest lasted, while this tiemondous strug-
gle endured, I tiave sworn an oath like that of the
ancient ctusaders when they started to redeem
the holy sepulcher from the profanation of the in-
fidel, that every privmequariel, every resentment,
every wrong should be bulled, and they would
have no feeling but, one settled, determined pur- |
pose to redeem from the profanation of the infidel '
the holy place they went to conquer; that they i
would have no resentments, and would have no I
foes but the foes of Chi ist and his church. That, I
sir, has been the sentiment by which I have ui- i
deavored and shall endeavor to be governed from j
the beginning to the end of this conflict. |
Let me say to the honorable Senator that if I j
felt disposed to '* ventilate my griefs Miuid wrongs !
here I could tell a tale of quiet and patient sub-
mission to wrongs, contumely, insults, and[assas-
sin-like stabs at my reputation that would aston-
ish those who would 'listen to me. But, sir, i
will do nothingof the soi t. They shall be bui ied
never to reach the light until the clouds of war
that now hang over this distracted country shall
be dispelled; then and not till then shall 1 under-
take to vindicate myself frqm what I conceive to
be wrong, contumely, and insult. Sir, I have no
purpose, no end, no aim, no desire but for a vigi-
lant, a faithful, and an energetic prosecution of
this war. But, Mr. President, I will be candid.
I want the war prosecuted with energy,with vigor,
and with effect, but I do not want those who are
doing it to console themselves for their patriotic
efforts in behalf of the country by filching from
the public Treasury. I stand here, and J will
stand as long as I do stand here, a guardian of
the publicTreasury, faithful according to my abil-
ities to what I conceive to be the interests of my
country. Having said this, 1 have nothing more
to say on that matter, and 1 leave that question;
and now I want to say a woid in regatd to the
resolution and in regard to the honorable Sena-
tor from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittlis] who has
offered it.
The Senator says that the reason why he has
offered the resolution calling upon the head of
every Department, whenever his conduct is under
investigation by a committee, to send a person to
examine the witnesses, is because some two years
ago 1 expressed a sentiment which I have not re-
tracted, and which he seems to think disqualifies
me from doing justice to the Departments. Sir,
let me tell that honorable Senator that the trans-
action to winch he refers and of which he com-
plains was not brought under the co^nUance of
the Senate til! after it had been referred to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and the Secretary of the Navy
had submitted a written statement, which was
printed and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs before they made a report upon it. I think
the practice of the Senate and of every committee
of the Senate invariably has been, when they have
had before them any matter of this soit, or any
matter calling for information from any of the
heads of Depat tments, to inclose the communica-
tion to the head of the Depaitment who was in-
terested in it, and ask for any light or any sug-
gestions that he might see proper to make. I know
that, without exception, such has been the coui se
of the Naval Committee since I have been con-
nected with it, whether I was chairman of it or
not.
Now. Mr. President, where is the necessity for
this new rule? I tell you, sir, it will work in-
finite mischief. It is a proclamation to the coun-
try that the Senate are incompetent to their work,
and they invite the heads of Departments to send
somebody in to help them to make their investi-
gations. What will be the result? There is
hardly one of your large committees that does not
have to bring the conduct of some head of a De-
partment under its supervision; and you will have
every meeting of the Senate committees turned
into a pettifogging justice's couit, and some pet-
tifogger will be smt by the heads of Depai tments
to int.-nogate and cross-examine the witnesses,
and the sittings of the committees will not be
undei the direction and contiol of the committees
themselves, but they will be subjict to the cross-
examination of those agents who may be sent heto.
Has any practical injustice resulted from the
present course* Is theie any head of a Depart-
ment, or any subordinate of a Department, who
has been injured,aggrieved, or wantonly assailed
by any committee of this body? Has there been
any injustice done, or is there any fear of injus-
tice, that this cxtraojdiuary course is proposed
at this time? Adopt it, and you cannot hold a
committee meeting to discuss the ordinary meas-
ures ot any of the Departments of the Govern-
ment without being under the necessity of sending ■
outside the Senate to invite some one to cross-
examine everybody who makes statements before
you.
Air. President, we must have confidence in our-
selves, in the members of this body. If we cannot, :
let u& abandon the duties which we are here to dis- |
chaige. The reason for introducing this resolution !
as given by the honorable Senator from Wiscon- ]
sin is that, fiont the opinions I have entertained j
and the sentiments I have expressed; I am unfit i
and incompetent, disqualified to act upon the com-
mittee of investigation which has been ordered
about the naval expenditures, for it is no more
than that. If it be so, if that is the judgment of
the Senate, let them say so, and dooot undertake*
to change the law and changc the rule, and intro-
duce a new rule simply because you have got an
improper person at the head of one single com-
mittee.
It is intimated,and more than intimated,that I
am governed by hostility to the I^avy Department.
God knows there never was a more false and more
atrocious calumny uttered. I havesonghtno such
place. I have not sought to be at the head of the
Naval Committee, nor at the head of this commit-
tee of investigation. The honorahle Senator from
New York [Mr. Morgan]—he will pardon me
for the allusion—knows that at the commence-
ment of this session I went to him and earnestly
entreated him that he would hiinsclfconsent to be
chairman of the Committeeon Naval Affaiis, and
that I would gladly stand by and make way for
hnn and consent to act second upon the committee
under his lead. I thought it was due to the great
and patriotic State of New Yoik, to her immense
mercantile interests, to her great population, to
her as the fiist in point of wealth, commeice,and
everything that relates to the protection which the
Navy is toaffoid, that he should occupy that place,
and most gladly would I have consented tositun-
derhim. But, sir, the Senate thought differently.
Without any solicitation of mine they thought dif-
ferently, and they placed me where 1 am. I shall
endeavor, so long as I occupy that place, faith-
fully, fearlessly, and impartially to discharge the
duties that peitain to the place, and if it becomes
me to express censure for any act that comes
undcrmy supervision, I will expiess it, God help-
ing me, let the censure fall where it may and on
whom it may. Sir, as I said before, 1 have no
friends hut the friends of my country, an'd I have
no enemies but those that are striving for her over-
throw; and if ever I have governed myself for a
single moment in this body on this floor, or out
of it, in committee or elsewhere, on any other
principle than that, I desne the condemnation of
the Senate, and of every honorable man in the
Senate.
But, sir, the honorable Senator once made on
excuse for me that 1 had been long schooled in
the Opposition. It is true that I have been long
schooled in the Opposition, and peihaps I have not
sufficiently learned ail the morality which ought
to belong to a majority. I have not learned to
approve that in the majority which I condemned
m the paity in power when we were in a minor-
ity; but t have endeavored and I will endeavor,
while I do anything, to dischaige the duty that
belongs to me faithfully and impartially. Let mo
say to the honoiable Senator light here that it is
true, as he says, that I have not retracted what I
said two years ago. What is more, I have never
seen occasion to retract it; and [ will say further,
that if I had occasion I very much fear I should
repeat it more emphatically than I ever did in my
life before. If these things disqualify me, so be it;
but I pray the Senate not to pass a rule which
will inevitably woik mischief from any such tenw
poiary consideiations.
Air. DOOLITTL15. Mr. President, so far as
I am eoncetned, c.ei tcimiy I care nothing about
this lesolution applying to any other committee
except thecommittee of which I have been mado
a member, and of which the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire is chairman; but I repeat
that the declarations which have been made by
that Senator to-day, as well as the declarations
made by him two years ago, the declarations winch
he made upon the occasion of moving foi the ap-
pointmentof this committee,are suchas to satisfy
the mind, as it seems to me, of every reasonable
man that he actsfiom the belief, made up aheady
in iiis mind, that he is pursuing m the Department
transactions of fraud and corruption practiced in
the Department itself as well as practiced upon tho
Department. His language was this:
<•' I declare upon my ro-pouaibilitv a* a Senator that the
iiberuesol tins eommyare ni i-jeaterdangci to-day nom tfie
coi ruptions aud from tiie piofhsacy pMotieed m the various
Depuiuiieiits oi tlit Government, Uutn luev arc from the tu-
ouiv in the open field."
And he says to-day that he has no enemies but
the enemies to his country, and he declares that
the Departments pf this Government are this day
