1482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
of liberty may be fuliy exercised, so that tbe.
blessed condition shaii be fulfilled when
"Ancient frauds ^Imtl fail,
Returning justice lift aloft her sc.ile."
.^Sir, no court can afford to do an act of tfrong.
Its business is justice;and when under any apol-
ogy it ceases to do justice,it loses those titles to
reverence which otherwise are so willingly be-
stowed. There are instances of great magistrates
who have openly declared their disobedience to
laws " against common ri^ht and reason," and
their names are mentioned with gratitude m the
history of jiu isprudcnce. There are other in-
stances of men holding the balance and the sword,
whose names have been gathered into a volume,
as " atrocious judges." lfour judges, who have
cruelly interpreted the Constitution in favor of sla-
very, do not come into the latter class, they clearly
can claim no place, among those others who have
stood for justice, like the rock on which the sea
breaks in idle spray. Doubtless the model decis-
ion of the American bench, destined to be quoted
hereafter with the most honor, because the bold-
est in its conformity with the great principles of
humanity and social order, was that of the Ver-
mont judge, who refused to surrender a fugitive
slave until his pretended master should shoie a title-
deed from the Almighty.
But the courts have no longer any occasion for
such boldness. They need not step outside the
Constitution. It is only needed that they should
follow just principles in its interpretation. Let
them be guided by a teacher like Edmund Burke,
who spoke as follows:
" Men cannot eoeenant themselves out of their rights and
their duties; li;ir by anv other means cnu iirlutraiy power
be conveyed to any man. TAosc uho gue to others such
rig/its,peifotm acts that aie toul as they are i>it en.  * *
* * "Tlio«o who give and tho-p w'hu receive arbitrary
power are alike cuminul, andihi-ip i< no man ImtK bound
to resist it to tile best of ins power, wliciever it --hall -lioiv
Us face in the world. It is a en me to bear it where it can
be rationally shaken oS. —Speech on Impeachment of War-
ren Hastings.
Or let them be guided by that other teacher,
Lord Chatham, when he said:
" With respect to the decisions of the conns of justice I
am tar ('mm denying their due vveielit and authority; yet
plaeinp them in the mostrei-pecialile view, I will consider
them, not at. law, but as an evidence of she law ; and be-
fore tliey can anive even at that degree, of autliontv. it
mait appear thatthey ato tounded in, and eonliimed'by,
reason; that lln-j are Mippuiteil by precedents, taken trorn
good and modeiate times; that (hey do not eontiadiet any
positive law; that tlii-y.ucMitanmeil tI1 wu|,OU| i.jlilt-taiu-e
by the people; that tliej aie uiHpte-.tione,! by the lcgisla-
tuie, (which is eqiuvaleut to a tacit confmjiatioii,) anil
what m my judgment is hi/far the most impntnnt, th;l they
do not violate thes/mit of the constitution."—Speech of
lard Chatham in 17~i0, u-ilh reguii to the proceeding on the
Muldlesex rlrction.
If courts wore thus inspired, it is easy to see
that slavery would disappearundortheirrighteous
judgments.
i2. But unhappily the courts will not perform
the duty of the hour, and we must look elsewhere.
An appeal must be made to Congress; and hero,
as has been fully developed, the powers are ample,
unless in their interpretation you surrender in ad-
vance to slavery. By a single brief statute, Con-
gress may sweep slavery out of existence. I\it-
rick H<>nry saw that in the maintenance of" the
general welfare" and under the influence of a
growing detestation of slavery this uould bodone,
even without resort to those capacious war pow-
ers which proclaim trumpet-tongued that it can
be done.
Ol course we encounter here again the "exe-
crable' pretension of property in man, and the
claim of "just compensation" for the renunciation
of Heaven-defying wrongs. But this pretension
ib no more applicable to abolition by act of Con-
gress than to abolition by an amendment of the
Constitution; no that if the pretension of "just
compensation" can be discarded in one case it can
be in the other. But the votes that have already
been taken in the Senate on the latter proposition
testify that it is discarded. Sir, lot the "exe-
crable" pretension ncveragam be named, except
for condemnation, no matter how or when it ap-
pears or what the foun it may take.
But even if Congress be not prepared for that
single decisive measure which shall promptly pat
an end to tins whoU1 question and strike slavr-ry
to death, then3 are other measuies by which this
end may be hastened. The towering TJpas may
begirdled?e*'en if it may not be foiled at once to the
earth.
The fugitive slave bill, conceived in iniquity
and imposed upon the North as a badge of sub-
jugation, m-iy be repealed.
The coastwise slave trade may be deprived of
all support in the statute-book.
The traffic in human beings, as an article of
"commerce among States," may be extirpated.
And, above all, that odious rule of evidence, so
injurious to justice and discreditable to the coun-
try, excluding the testimony of colored persons
in national courts, may be abolished.
Let these things be done. In themselves they
will be much. But they will be more cis the as-
surance of the overthrow sure to follow.
3. But all these will not be enough. The peo-
ple must be summoned to confirm the whole work,
ft is for them to put the cap-stone upon the sub-
lime structure. An amendment of the Constitu-
tion may do what courts and Congress decline to
do, or, even should they act, it may cover their
action with its panoply. Such an amendment in
any event will give completeness and permanence
to emancipation, and bring the Constitution into
avowed harmony wifh th*i Declaration of Inde-
pendence. Ilappy day, long wished for, destined
to gladden those bealifi> d spirits who have labored
on earth to this end, but died without the sight.
And yet let us not indiscreetly take counsel
of our hopes. From the nature of the case such
an amendment cannot be consummated at once.
Time must intervene, with opportunities of op-
position. It can pass Congress only by a vote of
two thirds of both branches. And when it has
passed both branches of Congress it must he
adopted by the Legislatures of three quarters of
the States. Even under the most favorable cir-
cumstances it is impossible to sav when it can
become a part of tho Constitution, Too tardily,
I fear, for all the good that is sought. Therefore
I am not content with this measure alone. If
postpones till to-morrow what ought to be done
to-day; and I much fear that it may he made an
apology for indifference to other measures.
"To-morrow, ai.rl to-motiow, and to-nioirow,
<'reep9 in Ujh petty pace from day to d.ij',
To Use la-u pyllahle of recorded time;
And all <>ut y«>-Jt<*rd.iys have lighted fools
The way to du>ty death/'
For myself let me confess that, in presence of
the mighty events of the day, I feel how insig-
nificant is any individual, whetheroitizen or Sen-
ator; and yet, humbly longing to do my part, I
cannot consent to put off till to-morrow what
ought to be done to-day. Beyond my general
desire to see an act of universal emancipation that
shall at once and forever settle thingreat question,
so that it may no longer be the occasion of strife
between us, there aie two other ideas which are
ever present to my mind as a practical legislator:
first, to strike at slavery wherever I can hit it;
and secondly, to clean the statute-book of all ex-
isting supports of slavery, so thnt it may find
nothing there to which it may cling for life. To
do loss than this at the piesent moment, when
slavery is still menacing, would be on abandon-
ment of duty.
So long as a single slave continues anywhere
beneath the flag of the Republic \ am unwilling
to rest. Too well I know the vitality of slavery
with its infinite capacity of propagation, and how
little slavery it takes to make a slave State with
all the cruel pretensions of slavery. The down
of a single thistle is full of all possible thistles,
and a single fish is said to contain two hundred
million of ova, so that the whole sea might be
stocked from Us womb.
The founder of political science in modern
times, writer as well as statesman, Machiavelli,
in his most instructive woik, the Discourses on
Livy, has a chapter entitled, "To have long life
in a republic, it is necessary to draw it back often
to*its origin;" and in the chapter 1h> shows how
the original virtue in which a republic was ■
founded becomes so far corrupted, that, m the
process of time, the body-politic must be de-
stroyed; as in the case of the natural body, where,
according to the doctors of medicine, there is
sometnmg added daily which perpetually requires :
cure, quod quotUlie aggrcgatur aliquid, quod quan- j
doque indiget cvralionc. He teaches under this |
head that republics are brought back to their on- I
gin,and the principles in which they were founded, !
by pressure without or prudence within, and he j
affirms that the destruction of Rome by the Gauls i
was necessary that the republic might have a new
birth, and thus acquire new life and new virtue,
all of which ensued when the barbarians had
been driven back. The illustration, perhaps, is
fanciful, but there is wisdom in the counsel, and
now the time has come for its application The
Gauls are upon us,not, however, from a distance,
but domestic Gauls, and we, too, may profit by
the occasion to secure for the Republic a new
birth, that it may acquire a new life and new vir-
tue. Happily, in our case the way is easy, for
it is only necessary to carry the Republic back
to its baptismal vows, and the declared sentiments
of its origin. There is the Declaration of Inde-
pendence: let its solemn promises be redeemed.
There is the Constitution: let it speak,according
to the promises of the Declaration.
But the immediate question now before us is on
the proposition to prohibit slavery by constitu-
tional amendment; and here 1 hope to beindulged
for a moment with regard to the form which it
should take. A new text of the Constitution can-
not be considered too carefully even in this re-
spect, especially when itembodies a new article of
freedom. Here for a moment we are performing
something of that duty which belongs to the con-
ditores imperii, placed foremost by Lord Bacon
among the actors in human affairs. From tho
magnitude of the task we may naturally borrow
circumspection, and 1 approach this part of the
question with suggestion rather than argument.
Let me say frankly that I should prefer a form
of expression different from that which has the
sanction of the committee. They have selected
what was intended for the old Jeffersonian ordi-
nance, sacred in our history, although, let me
add, they have not imitated it closely. But I
must be pardoned if I venture to doubt the expe-
diency of perpetuating in the Constitution lan-
guage which, if it have any signification, seems
toiniply that "slavery or involuntary servitude55
t may be provided "for the punishrnentof crime,"
I There was a reason for that language when it was
1 first employed, but that reason no longer exists.
: If my desires could prevail, I would put aside the
ordinance on this occasion, and find another form.
I know nothing better than these words:
Ail pei.-ons are equal bcfoie the law, so that no poison can
hold another us a slave; and the Coiigie>->- shall have power
to make ail laws riece^aiy and proper to cany tin? declara-
tion into effect everyvvheie within the United States and
the juuadiction theieof.
The words in the latter part supersede all ques-
tions as to the applicability of the declaration to
States. But the distinctive words in this clause
assert the equality of all persons before the late.
The language may be new in our country, but it
is already well known in history. And here let
me show how it has grown to its present place of
authority. We must repair for a moment to
France.
The first constitution adopted by France, Sep-
tember, 1791, in the throes of revolution, was
preceded by a Declaration of Rights, which, after
setting forth that "ignorance, forgetfulncss, or
contempt of the rights of man are the solo causes
of public evils and of the corruption of Govern-
ments," undertakes to announce "the natural
rights of man, inalienable and sacred, to the end
that this Declaration, constantly present to all the
members of the social system, may without cassa-
tion recall their rights and duties; to the end that
the acts of the legislative power and those of the
executive power capable at each instant of being
compared with the object of every political insti-
tution, may be more respected; to the end that
the claims of citizens, founded on simple and in-
contestable principles, may turn always to the
maintenance of the constitution, and thehappiness
of all.35 After this too elaborate preamble the
Declaration begins with the following article:
"Art. 1. Men aie born and continue free and equal in
rights."
Here is a generality of expression not unlike
that of our own Declaration of Independence.
Next came the constitution of June, 1793,
which, after a preamble, sets forth a series of ar-
ticles, beginning with three, as follows:
"Aut. 1. The object of vocu-ty xa the common happi-
ness. Government ib instituted to guaiantj to iiiairthoeu-
joyment ot his natural and nnpresenpubtc uvius.
•'•2. These lights aie equality,hbeny,«eeut itv, pioperty.
"3. ..'J(I men are equal by nature and before th? i>n>j "
Here this declaration begins to show itself.
This same constitution concludes with what
