1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
and Mr. Baxter his colleague; Mr. Fishback in
theplaceof Mr. Sebastian, whose term of service
would have expired on the 4th of March, 1865,
and Mr. Baxter in the place of Mr. Mitchel,
whose term of service would have expired on the
4th of March, 1867.
Mr. HALE. I will ask the Senator how it
is that the State of Arkansas has sent a man here
now to occupy a seat that will not be vacant until
1865?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The former Senators
were expelled, and these Senators have been
elected to fill the vacancies occasioned by their
expulsion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. Sebastian was not
expelled, I take it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I so understand. I
understand that both the former Senators were
expelled by a vote of the Senate since I have been
a member of the body.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Kan-
sas allow me to make an inquiry?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like very well to.
be informed by the Senator from Kansas under
what authority this so-called State election has
been held: first, under what authority was the
convention of the people of Arkansas held, who
directed the calling of an election for the purpose
of electing members of the convention; and sec-
ondly, under what authority the members of the
so-called State Legislature of that State were
chosen? He will of course observe that these
are very important inquiries that must be met at
the threshold of this discussion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not .propose to
detain the Senate except to state that the people
of Arkansas in this movement have followed the
proclamation of the President called the amnesty
proclamation. The voter was compelled before
he cast his ballot to take the oath recited in that
prifblamation. The people met, as I believe they
have a right to meet, and elected delegates to a
State convention—an inalienable right in my opin-
ion, an American one, at least—amended their
constitution., submitted it to the people, elected
their Legislature, and that Legislature elected
these Senators. I do not see anything to refer.
The credentials are regular. Arkansas was rep-
resented upon this floor for twenty-eight years.
The credentials are filed in accordance with the
Constitution of the United States and the laws of
the United States. The people of Arkansas, in
their representative capacity, forty-eight counties
out of fifty-four, elected these Senators.
MPs HOWARD. Mr. President, 1 put to the
honorable Senator from Kansas two questions,
the object of which was to ascertain by what au-
thority the elections were held in Arkansas which
have resulted, as it appears, in the delegation of
this gentleman, Mr. Fishback, from that State,
as a member of this body. I do not understand
that the honorable Senator has given us any au-
thority, or referred to any, except that contained
in the proclamation of thePresidentof theUnited
States, commonly known as the amnesty procla-
mation. I am not about to say anything respect-
ing that proclamation. The time, however, may
come when it may be necessary for members of
this body to take it into consideration, and to ex-
press an opinion as to the right and power of the
Executive of the United States to issue such an
instrument for the purpose of the reorganization,
or reconstruction, no matter which term is used,
of the rebellious States. AH I know at present
in regard to Arkansas is this, and the tale is a
very simple one; on the 6th of May, 1861, a con-
vention of the people of that State, held, as we are
bound to presume, under some law of the State
of Arkansas, passed an ordinance commonly
called an ordinance of secession, and m the course
of that ordinance they make this strange declara-
tion:
" That we do hereby further ordain and declare that the
State of Arkansas hereby resumes to herself all rights and
powers heretofore delegated to the Government of ihe Uni-
ted States of America; that her citizens are absolved from
all allegiance to said Government ot the United states, and
that she is in full possession and exercise of all the rights
of soveieignty which appeitani to a free and independent
State."
That ordinance was passed in that convention
by a vote 69 pro to 1 con., being a majority of 68.
1 find further on looking at the history of the pro-
ceedings in that State that on the 17th of May,
1861, the then so-called State of Arkansas was
admitted into the rebel confederacy as a member
of that confederacy under its then provisional
constitution, and that its delegation to the rebel
congress consisted of the following persons: 1. R.
W. Johnson, of Pine Bluff; 2. A. Rust, of Little
Rock; 3. A. H. Garland, of Little Rock; 4. W.
W.Watkins, of Carrollton; 5. H. F. Thomasson,
<if ^ian Buren. That seems to have been tM ,
status or condition of the State of Arkansas at
that date.
Now in what way it has become a loyal State
and has restored itself legitimately, constitution-
ally, and properly into the Union of the United
States, is a most important question. What we
know is that that entire community known as
the. State of Arkansas has been in arms against
the Government of the United States from the
date of this ordinance of secession down to the
present time, and that, if the authority of the
United States is maintained and upheld anywhere
within the limits of that State, it is. thus upheld,
not by the free consent of the people of that State,
but by virtue of the superior military strength of
the Government of the United States, who hold
it in the Union now only and solely by force of
military occupation.
Sir, I for one must confess, and I take this
early occasion to say, that I am totally opposed
to readmitting into the Union a State whose
Unionism consists solely in the exertion of the
military power of the United States in order to
hold it within its allegiance. The exertion of
that military power is a necessity. 1 trust in
Heaven the time will come when this exertion
may propeily cease; but until that time shall
come, until there shall be the free consent of a
reasonably numerous portion of the people of the
rebellious States, 1 am totally opposed to the
recognition of any of those States as States of
the Union. Sir, this war is costing us a little too
much in the shape of blood and treasure to allow
us to trifle with the subject, and to act the part of
boys and children when we are called upon by
gentlemen who come here and ask seats within
this body. I desire to see a constitutional res-
toration of the Union, and no bogus restoiation
of tlie Union. I wish to see the Union resting
upon the assent of the people of the States, and
that such measures may be adopted as are best
calculated to insure that assent at an early day.
And while 1 am up I must beg to be allowed to
say further that I do not concede to the President
of the United States, as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy of the United Slates, or as
the Chief Magistrate of the nation, the power to
reconstruct and reestablish this Union, broken up
as it has been by a bloody rebellion, I insist that
that power belongs, and belongs exclusively, to
the Congress of the United States, and not to the
Executive of theUnited States; and that it is our
bounden duty to see to it at a reasonably early
day, but not, however, in particular haste about
it, that such measures are adopted as shall result
in the peaceful and permanent restoration of this
Union upon constitutional principles.
1 do notask that this resolution may be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, or any other
committee. I think the Senate is competent to
treat this subject in open session, and to dispose
of it in such away as shall be satisfactory to the
country and be consistent with our duty to the
Constitution and the country.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe the hour has
arrived-for the regular order of business, and 1
must ask that it be proceeded with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) This is a Question of privilege that
it requiies a vote of the Senate to supersede.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall take the vote
without further debate, and let the resolution go
to the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is to be no fur-
ther debate, very well.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 am not willing that
it shall go to the committee without debate.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There will be debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I move that tlus
subject be postponed, and that the regular order
of business be proceeded with.
The motion was agreed to.
■ INTERNAL REVENUE. / *
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly resumed the consideration'of tte pul
(H. R. No. 405) to provide internal rei/enue To
support the Government, to pijr interest oft thfe
public debt, arid, for other purposes. ,"J '
The next amendment of the Committee oh Fi-
nance was in lin%five of section forty-one, to
strike out the Word " willingly "and insert "will-
fully" before " swear."-.. . ,'
The amendment was agreed to. • ,
The nextamendment was in section forty-three,
after the word " prescribed" inline three, to strike
out " under the direction of" and insert" by;" so
as to read:
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, subject ti
regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
shall be, and is hereby, authorized, on appeal to him made,
to remit, refund, and pay back ail duties erroneously or ille-
gally assessed or collected, Stc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was afterthe word "and,"
in line eighteen of section forty-three, to strike
out " it is further provided that;" after-the word
" penalties," in line twenty, to insert " shalll" Jo
strike out" accounted for anil" before "paid," in
line twenty-one; after the word "paid," in line
twenty-one, to strike out " by" and insert " to;"
and after the word " and,"in line twenty-two, to
strike out " also that the" and insert "all;" so as
to make the clause read:
And all judgments and moneys recovered or received for
taxes, costs, forfeitures, and penalties shall be paid to the
collector as interna! duties are required to be paid; and ail
sums of money which the Commissioner is authorized to
pay by virtue of this section shall be paid by drafts drawn
on collectors of internal revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing words in lines ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen,
fourteen, and fifteen of section forty-five:
The sums which would have been due fiom the persons
residing or holding property, goods, wares, or merchandise,,
object or article therein liable to any duty, license, or tax,
wiih interest at the rate of six per cent, per annum thereon
from tile time such duty, license, or tax ought to have been
paid, until pjefil iu the manner and.
And in lieu of them to insert, " taxes in such
States and Territories;" so as to make the section
read:
Sec. 45. ^nrlhe U farther enacteil, That if, for any cause,
at any tune alter tins act goes into operation, the laws of
the United States cannot bo executed in a State or Terri-
tory of the United Stales, oi any pan thereof, or within
ihe District ot" Columbia, it shall be the duty of the Pres-
ident, and lie is hereby authorized, to proceed to execute
the pim'i-.ions of this act within the limits of sucii Slate
or Territory, or part thereof, or District of Columbia, so
soon as the authority of the United States therein fclinll be
reestablished, and to collect taxes in such States and Ter-
ritories under the regulations proscribed in this act, as fhr
as applicable ; and where not applicable, the assessment
and levy shall be made, and the lime and manner of col-
lection regulated, by the instructions and directions of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-five of
section forty-seven, to strike out " shall" and in-
sert " may at the option of the collector."
The amendment was agreed to. #
The next amendment was in section forty-sev-
en, line forty-three, to insert after " thereof" the
words " the collector;" to insert" collector" be-
fore " marshal" in l*ne fifty-four; and to insert
" collector or" before " marshal" in lines fifty-
nine and sixty respectively. t <0
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I presume there is a misprint
in line fifty-one of section forty-seven: "ap-
praiser" should be "assessor."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The assessor is made
the appraiser; but the amendment had better be
made, perhaps.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 move the amendment to
strike out "appraiser" and insert " assessor" in
line fifty-one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Appraiser" should be
alteied to "assessor" also in the fifty-sixth and
fifty-eighth lines. I move the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in section forty-nine, line four, to insert
before " shall" the words " now in force;" after
I the word " embracing," in line five, to strike out
