mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
" any act done under the excise or internal rev-
enue laws of the United States" and insert " all
laws for the collection of internal duties, stamp
duties, licenses, or taxes;"after "to," in line nine,
,toinaert"aesess;" after " receive," inline ten, to
strike out "assess;" and after" enumerated,"in
line fourteen, to insert " or conferred;" so as to
make the section read:
Sec. 49. dnd be it further enacted That the provisions of
an act entitled "An act further to provide for the collection
ofdutles on imports," approved March 2,1833, now in force,
shall be taken ,<uui deemed as extending to and embracing
any act done under ail laws for the collection of Internal
duties, stamp duties, license's, or taxes, which have been
or may be he???rter exacted; and all persons duly author-
ized to assess, teceive, or collect such duties or taxes un-
der such laws are hereby declared to be and to have been
revenue officers within the true intent and meaning of the
said act, and entitled to all the exemptions, immunities,
benefits, tights, and privileges therein enumerated or con-
ferred.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifty-two,
line two, to strike out " applying for licensc,"
and insert "required by law to be licensed;" so
as to read:
That any person required by law to be licensed as a dis-
tiller, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-eight
of the same section, after the word "first" to
strike out "tenth"and insert "eleventh;" and
after the word "and" to strike out " twentieth"
and insert" twenty-first;" and in lines thirty-one
and thirty-two to strike out the words " taken
from his books;" so that the clause will read:
And also that lie will render to the said assessor or assi t-
ont assessor oil the first, eleventh, and twenty-first days
of ca'ch and every month, or within five days there,-liter,
during the continuance of said license, an exact account
in writing of the number of gallons of spirits distilled, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same section,
to strike out the following clause in lines forty-
seven, forty-eight, forty-nine, and fifty:
That lie will, at the time of rendering said account, im-
mediately forward lo the collector or deputy collector of
the district a copy thereof duly certified by the assessor or
assistant assessor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty, after
the word " will" to strike out " also" and insert
"at the time of rendering said account;" so that
the clause will read:
And that he will, at the time of rendering said account,
pay to the yaid collector, or his deputy, the duties wlneh
by law are imposed on the spirits so distilled.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendments of the committee were
to the fifty-fourth section. The section, as the
bill was passed by the House of Representatives,
was as follows:
Skc. 5*1. Ami be it further enaded, That, in addition to
the duties payable for licenses herein provided, there shall
£?e levied, collected, and paid on all spirits thutnmy be dis-
.   *  —
each and every gallon > on and after January 1,186,), a duty
of# I STion eaeii and every gallon; which duty shall be paid
by the owner, agent, or superintendent of the still or oilier
vessel in which the «ud spirits bluill have been di.stified,
within five days alter the time of rendering the accounts of
spirits so chargeable with duty, required to be rendered by
law. And the said duty shall be a lien on such spirits and
akoon the hrteie^t of all persons in demult in the distillery
used for distilling the same, witlfall the stills, vessels, fix-
tures, and tools therein, and in the lot or traet of land
wh<freon the said distillery is situated, unul the said duty
shall be paid: Provided, That the duty on all spirits shall
be collected at no lower rate than the basis of first proof, and
shall bo increased in proportion for any greater strength
than the strength of first proof.
The Committee on Finance proposed to amend
the section, so as to make it read:
Skc, 54. Jiiulbc U further enactcd, That in addition to
the duties payable for licenses herein provided, there shall
® levied, collected, and paid on all spirits that may be dis-
tilled and sold, or distilled and removed for consumption
or sale, of first proof, on or after the 1st day of June, 1864,
and prior to the 1st day of October, 1864, a duty of&l
on each and every gailon; on and after October i, 18b I,
and prior to the 1st day of January, 18G5, a duty of 25
on each and every gallon; on and after the Ut day of
January, 180j, a duty of 50 on each and every gallon;
which duty shall be paid, &e.
Mr. HOWE. I was not present when these
amendments were agreed to by the committee, and
1 have not been able to recognize the wisdom of
them. I think this is the worst time we have yet
seen to increase the duty on distilled spirits. I
May 25,
think ther®is the largest quantity on hand now
that probably ever was in the country at any one
time. I believe that is the testimony we have
from all quarters. I believe it is'conceded that
there never was so large a quantity on hand. It
must also be borne in mind that we are just ap-
proaching that season when the distillation of
spirits usually ceases. It is^he close of the dis-
tilling year. The old stock of grain is about
worked up. The cattle and the hogs whiqj) arg,
fed at the distilleries are disposed of, are mar-
keted, and it is at about this season of the year
that distillers usually do, under any circum-
stances, stop the manufacture for thirty or sixty
days, as the case may be, to repair and to fit up
foranotheryear'sbusiness. If now, at this time,
we increase the duty from sixty cents per gallon
to one dollar, it seems to me we must expect that
it will be along time before the distillation will
start again.
When we were considering this question last
winter and it was proposed to graduate the duty
upon'distilled spirits, the proposition to raise the
duty ten cents at a time upon a gallon, I know
was regarded by many persons of excellent judg-
ment as an extreme measure. The most radical
proposition then made, I think, was to raise the
duty twice, and ten cents at a time. Here is a
proposition to raise the duty at once forty cents,
and to raise it twice thereafter within a little more
than six months at twenty-five cents per gallon
each time. My own opinion is that I should be
willing to vote to increase this duty to one dollar
on the 1st of October or the 1st of November,
about the time that the new crop comes out and
abput the time that distillers will want to stock
their distilleries for another year's operations. I
believe that is as early as we can hope to raise
this duty, and get any revenue from the distilla-
tion. And now as to the increase after that time,
I only wish to say that I am willing to increase
the duty just as fast as you can and continue the
distillation and not stop the revenue, and to con-
tinue it just as long as you find you can do that.
1 have no sort of doubt but that this beverage will
bear the highest rate of duty proposed here. I
have thought so from the beginning, and have
been among the fastest of those who were making
progress toward the highest point, but 1 must
confess that these propositions take me off my
gauge. I.believe the elloct of these propositions
will be to stop the distillation at once, take every
dollar of revenue away from the Treasury for a
time, and put a larger fortune than we can spare
into the hands of the present holders of liquors.
For that reason I shall concur ill these amend-
ments as they now stand. I will very cheerfully
concur in a proposition to raise the duty about
the 1st of October or November to one dollar,
and from that time to laisc it as fast as we can.
I thought last winter that the business would
stand a raise of ten cents at a time, and I think so
still. I think now, us I thought then, that that
is,as fast as we can go in raising these duties.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to discuss
this question, but wish simply to state what course
1 shall pursue in rcgaid to the tax on whisky.
1 think whisky can bear the rate of taxation pro-
posed by this amendment, and I would be willing
to vote for the rate of taxation proposed by the
amendment, provided a reasonable tax, such as
was put by the House of Representatives upon
spirits on hand, be adopted by the Senate. If
this tnx is put upon the future manufacture, and
no tax is put upon the spirits'on hand, it is a
bounty to the whisky manufacturer and to the
dealer in whisky so enormous as to make all en-
gaged in the business very wealthy. I never
could see any reason why they ought not to pay
a reasonable tax upon the stock on hand, espe-
cially when the legislation of Congress tends di-
rectly to increase the value of the article on hand
which they hold. That principle wasadoptcd in
raising the tariff the other day.
I wish, therefore, to await action on this prop-
osition until we vote upon the proposition to
strike out the tax upon spirits on hand. I shall
not now object to the tax proposed by this amend-
ment of the committee, but I simply give notice
that when the amendment relative to the tax upon
spirits on hand is before Ihe Senate at the close
of this bill, I shall make another effort, perhaps
a fruitless one, to retain the tax proposed by the
House of Representatives upon spirits on hand;
and in case that is refused, I think the tax pro-
posed by this amendment on the future manufac-
ture is too high. I believe it will at once stop
all distillation of spirits, prevent our getting any
revenue for a year or two, and will simply inure
as a bounty to the manufacturer and the holder
of whisky. That is the course I shall pursue; I
do not wish to take up time in discussing the
question now.
Mr. POMEROY. Before I vote on this amend-
ment, I should like to have the question settled
whether we are to tax whisky on hand. I agree
in what the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe]
has said. While I do not think this tax is too
high, I believe it will stop the manufacture for the
time being, and, in my opinion, it ought to be
stopped. The Government is buying corn now
for the Army at an enormous price, and it is made
large by this very demand for the use of corn in
the manufacture of whisky. If this amendment
be adopted just as the committee have reported it
I think it will stop the manufacture of whisky,
and 1 shall vote for it with that view. We have
got enough on hand. As the Senator from Wis-
consin has said, this is the season to stop. The
old crop of corn on hand ought not to be gone
into for the manufacture of whisky; the Govern-
ment is buying all it can buy, and buying it now
at an enormous price, made so by the demand for
corn for the manufacture of whisky. I think that
if we impose a tax of one dollar a gallon from and
after the passage of the act it will suspend the oper-
ations of the distillers for the time being; but as1
Soon as the new crop of corn comes in the price
of that will be regulated by the demand of the dis-
tillers, and I am willing that they shall manufac-
ture the new crop under this increased tax. But
while the Government is buying all the surplus
corn in the country I do not propose to encourage
the manufacture of it into whisky. It is not a good
financial measure to encourage it. We ought rasher
to suspend the manufacture for the time being.
The men who have been dealing largely in it havo
been holding the amount of whisky they have on
hand, and 1 think it is time for them to sell it;
they ought to sell it. We should-not encourage
the manufacture of another gallon to add to the
value of the old corn crop on hand; but for the
purpose of supporting the Army the Government
should be allowed to purchase the old crop of
corn, not at present prices, but at reduccd prices,
because the reduction of price would be the effect
of stopping the manufacture of whisky.
If the committee had reported this amendment
in another shape, so as to tax whisky one^jollar
or even one dollar and half a gallon from and af-
ter the passage of this act, and two dollars a gal-
lon within a year from that time, so as to take in
the next yem's crop, instead of proposing to do
the work piecemeal, as the surgeon cut off the
man's leg, I think it would have been better. I
do not think there is any policy in raising the
tax tell cents at a time. We should go up in a
sliding scale, to be sure; but J do not think we
ought to slide more than twice, i would have a
tax assessed upon what is on hand, and upon all
manufactured after the date of the passage of the
act; and then the larger tax I would put on a year
from that time.
Mr. PESSENDEN. There is undoubtedly
at present in the country a very large stock of
whisky, perhaps enough to answer the demand
for a year. How that may be, I do not know;
but the stock on hand is larger probably than it
has been at any previous period; for since we
commenced the discussion of this topic last win-
ter undoubtedly the distillers have been running
with all the force they could muster; and a very
large quantity has been produced in view of the
increase of the tax. Whether when the time
comes, that is, when we arrive at the end of tho
bill, where the section is which the Committee
on Finance propose to strike out, we shall, with
a view to revenue, agree with the House of Rep-
resentatives to lay a tax upon the liquor on hand,
or whether we shall agree to adhere to our former
decision, and lay no such tax, will be for the
Senate then to decide.
In settling a question of this description, how-
ever, I do not see the force of the argument of
my honorable friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
founded on the idea that he would lay this duty,
