1484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
you now propose to strike down; does any man
believe that all New England would not be in
revolution to-morrow? Yes, sir, one half of the
violation of their property rights by an attempted
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States inflicted upon them would pat all New Eng-
land in levolt to-morrow. I do not stand here
to denounce our Yankee brethren of the North,
but everybody knows that cupidity and love of
gain is their strongest characteristic. That is
•known over the whole world and acknowledged
by.themselves.
Knowing that this will be the best disunion
measure that was ever adopted, and desiringas I do
a restoration of the Union as it was with the Con-
stitution as it is, I oppose it, and shall oppose it
here and everywhere., with all the power that 1
have. Those who favor it do not wish the Union
to be restored asitwas. They are willing,! sup-
pose, to let the southern States come in as con-
quered provinces, bereft of all their property and
all their rights, social and political.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Clark] has left us no doubt upon that point.
In the very eloquent speech that he made the other
day he scouted the idea of the Union as it was and
the Constitution as it is. He did not want that
Union, and he had the manhood to tell us so in
his place m the Senate. Would the Senator have
said that three years ago? 1 very much doubt it.
I do want the Union as it was and the Constitu-
tion as it is, and in that I differ from the honorable
Senator. He wants the Union, he says, without
slavery. I want the Union witlrall the institu-
tions that our fathers ordained; and I desire to
leave to each State the control of its own domestic
policy, and the choicc and management of its do-
mestic institutions; and that was, until very re-
cently at least, the doctrine of the party to which
the honorable Senator belongs. That was in their
Chicago platform; but platforms with everything
else are overturned now. That platform in very
many particulars was very offensive to me; but
such as H waa, the party in power used it merely
as a scaffold by which to mount to power, and
when they had attained the summit they thtew
it to the ground and trampled upon it. It is m
keeping with the bad faith they have exhibited to
the border States during this controversy.
The Senator from New Harnpshiie is now zeal-
ous for a constitutional amendment. The time
was when thr Senator w«s fned with no such
holy zeal. When the propositions offered by my
then venerable colleague, Mr. Crittenden, were
before the Senate, the Senator from New Hamp-
shire thought no amendment of the Constitution
necessary. Ali that was wanted, in his opinion,
was the execution of the ConMitutioii we had.
That Senator was then the most active agent in
preventing constitutional amendments, when the
whole world knew that if those constitutional
amendments were earned out, it would have
avoided this miserable war and saved the country
as a whole. Hut it did not suit the ideas of the
Senator to favor constitutional amendments then,
and hence he proposed his celebrated resolution
as a substitute for the Crittenden amendment.
Then, sir, when those amendments <>f the Con-
stitution, which it was avowed on all hands, even
by Davis mid Toombs ,and the whole .of the
southern leadcis, would save the Union, were un-
der consideiation, no Republican Senator came
forward and voted for them. Then, when patri-
otic men thioughout the whole land desired to
avert tiie impending storm that has resulted so
disastiously to the country, morally, religiously,
politically, and in every other respect; the gen-
tleman who are now such hot zealots for constitu-
tional amendments were opposed to thcQi. They ,
withheld amendments, and the mad people of the ,
South went off; but now, when this war is upon ;
us and has well-nigh ruined the country, consti- i
tutiona! amendments are their last specific. j
Would it not be better that those m power I
should execute the Constitution as it is before i
they seek to amend it? Every vital provision 1
of the Constitution as it is is violated, and you
complain not; and now you ptopose to amend it
solely for the miserable negro, after rejecting every
amendment proposed that was calculated to secure
the liberties of the white man.
When 1 proposedan amendment to confine the
office of the Pusidout to one term, and thus to
terminate the infamous spoils system, it was voted
down. When another amendment was proposed
to prevent the kicking out of office at the incom-
ing of every Administration of the sub-officials
in the Executive Depaitments, no one said it was
not a good amendment; and Senators voted it
down. Every other amendment that is calculated
to give perpetuity and virtue to the Government
you discard. You seem to care for nothing but the
negro. That seems to be your sole desire. You
seem to be inspired by no other wish than to ele-
vate the negro to equality, and give him liberty.
I have offered various amendments to this proposi-
tion, butthey haveail been rejected. I have offered
them because i thought that while we were at this
work we might do something for the white man,
for I believe this Government was made by white
men and for white men; and if it is ever preserved
it must be preserved by white men. I have never
made a speech in this body on the subject of the
negro; 1 have alluded to him incidentally only;
but 1 would ask Senators who are so zealous for
the negro to point me to a place on the earth where
he has been so civilized, so humanized,so chris-
tianized, so well cared for as he is in a state of
slavery in the United States of America. He has
existed, I suppose, as long as the other peoples of
the earth; but if you were to-day to stiike from
existence everythingthat the woolly-headed negro
has given to art, to science, to the mechanic arts,
to literature, or to any of the industrial pursuits,
the world would not miss it. He is an inferior
man in his capacity, and no fanaticism can raise
him to the level of the Caucasian race. The white
man is his superior, and will be so whether you
call him a slave or an equal. It has ever been so,
and I can'see no leason why the history of all the
past should be reversed.
But the negro absorbs your every thought. For
him you will destroy the country; for him you
will allow the liberties of the white man to be
stricken down,and every sacred guarantee of lib-
erty m the Constitution put under foot without
a whimper or a censure. That is a lamentable
fact winch has exhibited itself during this war.
Not contented with proposing legislation to
equalize and to elevate the negio, and with failing
to censure even in the mildest and most diluted
form those who overthrow the liberties of the
white man, you step out of the way to assault in
every conceivable manner the slaveholding States.
The bolder slave States are kicked and cuffed
heie with as little ceremony as if they were dis-
loyal criminals or outcasts. The Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] undertook the
other day to run a parallel between the State I
have the honor in part to represent here and one
of the New England States, in which he doubted
the patiiotism of Kentuckians and elevated that
of the Green Mountain State of Vermont. Sir, I
will not so far degrade Kentucky as to contrast
her in military achievements with any of the New
England States. Wo have had wars before this.
We had a war with a mighty Power across the
water in 1812, when Kentucky was a young and
comparatively a feeble State; butdid she ever re-
fuse when the country called to give the blood of
her sons to carry that flag in the midst of the en-
emy ? No, sir. In that war of 1812she furnished
more men than were demanded; no draft was ever
executed m tlu>t pioud old Commonwealth; she
never went abroad with money-bags to hire men
to fill her quota.
After the battle of the River Raisin, when the
heroic Governor of Kentucky, her first Governor,
Governor Shelby, the hero of King's Mountain,
called for volunteers, more flocked to his standard
than he could take, and the youngmen went back
home weeping because they could not be allowed
to go in the army against Proctor, Tecumseh,
and their cruel hosts. She protected all the North-
west from the tomahawk and the scaiping-knifo
of the ferocious savage, and the equally ferocious
Briton, when our soil was invaded.
Since then we have had a war with Mexico.
What was the condition of Kentucky then ? She
sent more men to the Mexican war than all New
England put together; more of the gallant sons
of that proud old Commonwealth of Kentucky
went to that war than of all New England; and yet
the Senator twits Kentucky about her patriotism
and her devotion to the country! Allow me to
tell the Senator that in the war with Mexico no
draft was ever executed in Kentucky, and the i oils
in the adjutant general's office at her capital now
show that over fifty regiments volunteered more
than were wanted, and they were not allowed to
go; and but for that news getting out anion? the
people, twice fifty regiments would have been
ready to stiike for their country in a foreign war.
The Senator has glorified the patriotism of Now
England during the presentcontest. I admit that
New England has been rampant in the Senate
Chamber for this war; but 1 deny, and 1 deny
most emphatically and most truthfully, that she
has exhibited that spirit at home. No draft
has been executed in Kentucky; she has hereto-
fore furnished her quota; she has filled it under,
every call, and I believe that will be made mani-
fest in a few days. We have the misfortune to
be divided in this strife; we have perhaps thirty
thousand of our young men in the rebel aimy;
but notwithstanding that we have promptly filled
our quota so far, and we have to-day one half of
the fighting population of our State under the
Union flag; and it is a matter of gratulation to
every son of Kentucky, though he may regret
that her people have gone South, that no regiment
from that proud old State on any field, whether
m the rebel or the Union service, has ever shown
the l( white feather." They fight like tiuesons
of a proud mother, and that they will ever do, for
Kentucky is not the land that breeds recreants
and cowards. How is it with Now England in
this war? They sometimes call it a New Eng-
land war. It is the first war since the war of the
Revolution that has had the cordial cooperation
of New England. We have had wars with Great
Britain; we have had a war with Mexico; but
New England then came up coldly to the work;
she had no stomach ffir those fights. How is it
now? In the Senate Hall and the pulpit, wherever
there is a New England fanatic, he is talkingabout
war, blood, carriage; but do their sons respond
and fill up the ranks? I admit that in one or
two of the New England States it is so. 1 believe
it is so in the State of Vermont; but how is it
I to-day with Massachusetts?—and Massachusetts
sometimes has the audacious impudence to call ita
Massachusetts war—do they give their sons to the
battle-field? Has Connecticut done it?" Their
representatives try to pass laws through here
almost every day to allow them to go with their
money-bags down South and the world over to
buy substitutes to ficjht in a war that they pro-
claim is a New England war.
But the other day there was an officer from
Connecticut offering high bounties to negroes in
the gallant State of Indiana, within ten miles of
my home, a State so ably represented by my
friends, [Mr. Hendricks and Mr. Lame,] and I
understand that Governor Morton ordeied the
Yankee to pack up and clear out. Yes, sir, they
aregoingabout with their money to buy the bones
of the western people to fill up their ranks in the
Army; they are so unpatiiotic as not to go in
themselves. I was very glad that my neighbor's
State through its officials oidercd that man away.
How is it with Indiana, with Illinois, and the
other western States? Those gallant States of
the West in the main have filled their quota.
They do not go abroad with money to hire a ne-
gro there or a foreigner yonder. They do not
send abroad to import men to be put into their
ranks. No, sir; western courage is far above
that. But through the instrumentality of the most
iniquitous tarifflaws that were ever on the statute-
book of any free and honest people, you fill your
coffers with the wealth drawn from the haul prod-
ucts of honest industry in the great valley of the
Mississippi, and with that you go into their midst
and try to buy the muscle and bones of their peo-
ple to.fill your quotas in the Army that you have
not got the patriotism and the courage to fill your-
selves. That is the truth. No man can deny it.
You are attempting almostevcry day to slip sume
law of that kind through. The chairman of the
Military Committee has tried it twice, and I was
delighted when the Senator from Illinois exposed
and defeated ita few days since If you ate really
for the war as you say you are, give your people
to the strife; do not send out your money-lugs,
your ill-gotten gains wrung from the hard labor
of the western people, for the purpose of buying
that people to do your fighting. I want to see the
regiments of Massachusetts and of Connecticut
filled with Massachusetts and Connecticut men,
not with South Carolina negroes, or Germans, or
Irish. Kentucky has filled her quota from her
