THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
July 1,
encP have agreed to recommend and do recommend to
their respective Houses as follows:
Tharthe House recede from its first amendment.
That the Senate agree to all the amendments of the
House after the said first amendment, except the thirty-
first amendment.
That the Senate agree to the thirty flist amendment of
the ftou^e with the following amendment*:,to wit; strike
t>ut all after the word "department" in tme eighteen down
to-aod including the word "general" in Hue twenty-three
of said amendment; also strike out all afterthc word " that"
4n line thirty six down to and including the word " de-
partment" in the thirty-eighth line of the said amendment;
.and the Iiojise agree to the said thirty-first amendment as
amended. HENRY WILSON1,
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
L. M. POWELL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
ROBERT C. SCHEKTOK,
ELUM! WARD,
Managers on the pail of the House.
Mr.SCHENCIC. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon agreeing to the report of the committee.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the report was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion "to reconsider on the table.
• The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move thatthcHouse
adjourn.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
On motion of Mr. FINCK, leave of absence
was granted him on account of sickness.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. 1 ask leave of
absence for my colleague, Mr. Scott, 011 account
of sickness.
Leave was granted.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I move that
when thi! House adjourns, it adjourn until Mon-
day next.
The motion was not agreed to.
CONSCRIPTION BILL—AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
conscription bill.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask a vote on my motion
that the bill and amendments be printed.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my motion to
postpone.
Mr. THAYER. I insist upon my demand for
the previousqueation upon the amendment to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
and call for the yeas and nuys upon the amend-
ment.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the whole subject on
the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I moved that the House
adjourn, and my motion is first in older.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question being on Mr. Cox's motion to
lay the whole subject on the table,
Mr. DENISOiN called for the yeas and nays,
and for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not oideied.
The yeas and nays wen; not ordered.
The motion was rejected; there being, on a di-
vision—ayes 43, noes 57-
Thequestion tecurred off seconding the previous
question on Mi. Le Blond's amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was ordered.
Mr. THAYER called for the yeasatnl nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 11, nays 89, not voting 82; as
folios*:
VISAS—Me.-trs. Aneona. Bliss, Edgerton, Finck, Wil-
liam Johnson. Long, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton. Ro.-^,
and Chilton A. White—11.
NAYS—Messrs- All*'}, Allison, Ames, Ashley, Baiiv,
John L>. Baldwin, Baxter, Heaman, Wait, Boutwelf, Broom-
all, Jiliii.N S Blown, William ii. Blown, Uole, Ci^wcl!,
JJawe-. Dixon, Domiell), Eekley, Eliot, English,
F.irn-suonh, Kenton, Frank, Ganson,Gaifield, Good).Gus-
woJd, Ii-U<\ Harding, IJoopei, Hotchkiss, A-ahel
W. Hubh.tid, JJnlbmd, Inger*oll, Jotekes. Julian, Kalb-
fiei&eii, Ivelloy, K>rnan, Littlejohn, Loan, Longyeni, Mal-
)<>rv, McAllister, MeJirule, MeClurg, Samuel I'\ Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill. Amos My^rs-. Leonard Myer.-, Noiton,
CharlesO'Neiil.Orth, Patter^m, Kadfoni, William f£. Ran-
dall, Alexander H. Rice, John fi. Rice, Edward H. Rollins,
fcschonek, Scolleld, Shannon, tfloan, Suntheis, Spalding,
Btcvciib, Stuart, Sweat, Thayer, Thomas, Tracj', Up^on,
Van ValkenburgU, Wad«worth, EhhuB. Waphburne, Wil-
liam 13. Washburn, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, Williams
Wilder, Wilson, Windoin, Winfield,and Woodbridge—89.
NOT VOTING—lUe&Ms. James V. Allen, William J. Al-
len, Anderson, Arnold,Augn-ttm C. Baldwin, Rjatnp,Blow,
Boyd, Brandegee, Brook?, Ohanlcr, Ambrose W. Clark,
Freeman Clarke,Clay, Cobb, Colfroth, Cox,Cravens, Henry
Winter Davis, TliomasT. Davis, Dawson, Demhijr, Deni-
son, Dumont; Eden. Etdridge, Grider, Grimiell, Hall, Har-
rington, Benjamin G. [Iarris, Charles M. Harris, Hcriiek,
Holman, John H.Hubbaid, Huiehms, Philip Johnson, Kas-
son, Francis W. Kellogsr, Orlando Kellogg, Km?, Knajjp,
Knox,Law, Lazear,Le Blond,Maroy, Marvin, McDowell,
McIndoe,xMcKinney, Middleton, William H.Miller, Daniel
Moiris, James R. Morns, Morrison, Nelson, Odell, Pcrimm,
Perry, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall,
Robinson, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Scott, Smith, Starr,
Stebbms, John B. Steele,William G, Steele, Stiles, Strouse,
Voorhees, Waul, Joseph W. White, Benjamin Wood, Fer-
nando Wood, and Yeainan—82.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Arnold, was detained at his
room by sickness.
Mr. HERRICK stated that he was paired off
with his colleague, Mr. Kellogg.
Mr. KELLEY said, Mr. Speaker, I am paired
off on general subjects with Mr. Odell, but as he
would unquestionably vote as I on this question,
I do not consider the pair binding. I vote no.
I would be doing him injustice if 1 were to assume
that he would vote otherwise.
Mr. WILDER stated that Mr. Knox was
paired off with Mr. Joseph W. White.
Mr. McBRIDE stated that Mr. McDowell
was paired with Mr. McIndoe.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCIIENCK, (at
twenty-five minutes past ten o'clock,p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 1, 18GL
Prayer by Rev. B. TL Nawal.
On motion of Mr. GIMMES,and by unanimous
consent, the leadingof the Journal was dispensed
with.
AMENDMENT OF CONSCRIPTION LAW.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolve!) That the Secretary bo directed to icque.st the
House of Uepiesentatives to return to the Senat" the bill
ot the House ("No. 549) further to regulate and piovide for
the enrolling and catling out the national l'inee«, and foi
other putpohtw, with the.imi ndments of the Senate thereto,
for the purpose of cot rooting an erior in the engio-sment of
the said amendment*.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOOT presented seven petitions of citizens
of Vermont, praying for the passage of the bill
(H. R. No. 276) to secure to persons in the mil-
itary or naval service of the United States home-
steads on confiscated or forfeited estates in insur-
i cutionai y disti lets; which were ordered to he on
the table.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented resolutions of the
clerical and lay members of the Diocesan Con-
vention of New Jersey in favor of'exempting
clergymen from liability to do military duty;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, District of Columbia, praying for
the passage of the bill (H. R. No. 186) to incor-
poiatc the Baltimore and Washington Depot and
Potomac Ferry Raihoad Company; which was
ordered to be laid on the table.
Mr. DROWN. 1 desire to present the petition
of Rev. Ernst Hrey, Esq., Professor R. L.Tafel,
Charles P. Johnson, P. Rurth, and others, citi-
zens ot* St. Louis, setting forth that " it is the
duty of the State to educate its children without
any exceptionand calling the attention of Con-
gress to that subject as a matter of " national im-
portance," and asking " the action of Congress
upon the subject as set forth in the petition1' to
tlio end therein predicated. The petition is ac-
companied by an explanatory statement of the
reasons which support the prayer of the petition-
ers. I move that the papers be laid on the table
for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
i Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous con-
i sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No. 344)
authorizing tHe corporate authorities of the city
of Washington to increase the funded debt of the
said city of Washington; which was read twice
by its title.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. GRIMES, i move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive, business.
The motion was agreed to-; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened.
NAVAL SUPPLIES.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am-instructed
by the select committee on naval supplies to
make a report accompanied by a bill, and at the
same time to say to the Senate that as the report
is not the unanimous act of the committee, indi-
vidual members of the committee have deemed it
their duty to present their several views on the
matters -discussed in the report, and I am in-
structed to report those papers also,so as to have
the distinct views of all the committee, and to
move that they all be printed.
The motion was agreed to;and the bill (S. No.
342) to amend a "jointresolution authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to adjust the equitable
claims of contractors for naval supplies and reg-
ulating contracts with the Navy Department,"
approved March 3, 1864, was read, and passed
to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE that two thou-
sand additional copies of the papers be printed
for the use of the Senate, and five thousand copies
for the use of the Navy Department, it was
Ordered, That the motion be referred to the Committee
on Pi inting.
Mr. HALE. I desire to make a very brief
statement on this subject. The other day after
the repoi t was presented—-I was not in the Cham-
ber at the time—my friend from Wisconsin made
some remarks th'at were reported to me as not
very pleasant. I simply wish to state in that
connection that when I presented the report the
other day I presented it in strict accordance with
what I understood to be the agreement of the com-
mittee. It seems I was mistaken so far as the
Senator from Wisconsin was concerned; but I
presented it in the presence of the other members
of the committee, and in strict accordance with
what I understood to be the agreement of the
committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from New
Hampshire says that he made the report in ac-
cordance with what he understood to be the un-
derstanding of the committee. 1 will state what
my understanding was. As the committee did
not agree in a report, each member of the com-
mittee proposed to submit his views for himself,
the chairman's views to be signed by himself,
and the views of the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania [-Mr. Buckalew] and myself to be sub-
mitted by us. The committee agreed on the bill
which has been leported and tkat the evidence
should be printed and submitted to the Senate,
but did not agree on the infetcnces and conclu-
sions to be drawn from the evidence, and each
one was to give hts opinion for himself. 'The
Senator from New Hampshire called upon me in
my seat yesterday morning and we had a con-
versation on the subject, and I understood from
that conversation that as Mr, Buckalew, our col-
league, had not yet had time to write out his views
the whole matter should go over until this morn-
ing before the case should be presented to the Sen-
ate. I so understood it. When I came into the
Senate afterwards and found that the Senator
from New Hampshire had made a report claim-
ing to he (he report of the committee, I called
upon the Senator from Pennsylvania m relation
to it, and he informed me that the Senator from
New Hampshire had informed him that I had
consented to it, and undemanding that I had con-
sented he yielded his assent and would submit
his views this morning. I certainly understood,
however—the Senator from New Hampshire may
have understood it otherwise, and as he says he
understood it otherwise I shall say it is simply a
misunderstanding between us—that the whole
matter was to go over until this morning.- When
I fo'-nd the report had been made I did speak of
it to the Senate, and it was not so much in what
1 did say as, perhaps, in what I did not say that
I manifested my feelings of surprise and to some
extent my feelings of indignation at what I sup-
