1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
own sons. We have no hoards of wealth which
hi<rh protective laws have wrung from the labor
of other people. We have given so far our chil-
dren to the strife. So has my gallant neighbor,
Indiana. So hove Ohio, Illinois, and the whole
Wisi; but New England men come hero and talk
against the patriotism of other States and about
their divided allegiance! I scorn that kind of
interest in a war that will not send men to the
field.
By this kind of clap-trap here you may lead
tli^ world to believe that you are the great cus-
todians ot the country; but brave and honestmen
will look to the muster-rolls to see how many are
in the ranks ftom your States, and how many
yoa bought over the Canada line and in neigh-
boring States, and how many you are getting
from tlie rice-iiekU ofLouisiana. The world will
not believe tiiat you are in earnest until you come
up to the work. 1 hope Congress will not pass
a law to allow Yankee cupidity to buy western
patriotism or southern slaves to fill up their tanks.
There are few States, to their honor be it said*
that have not filled up their quotas.
The other Senator from 3NTew Hampshire, the
facetious and witty, and I may add eloquent Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hall:,] made,
I think, the most remarkable speech I ever heard.
I had thought that distinguished Senator was
filled with humanity, with kindness, with char-
ity; but lie talked as flippantly about blood and
thunder, and cutting off heads, as a child would
about his toys, lie advised the Democratic party
to submit quietly and gracefully, as did the royal
monarch to the severing of his head from his
body, lie said the dcciee had gone forth, the
Commons had decreed that pulleys be placed
about his royal person in case he resisted, to pull
him to the block. Ah! and he advised us like
that king to come up and gracefully put our heads
on the block; and 1 suppose the Senator would
glory m being the executioner. Allow me to tell
him that he was most unfortunate in his simile.
Charles I was beheaded because of encroachments
upon the constitution and laws of the countiy
over which he reigned. The illustration of his
case cannot apply to a party who are feeble in
numbers in tins Chamber and weak m the other
House, though stronger there than here, who
stand forth manfully resisting the encroachments
of tyranny, and battling against the usurpations
of those in power. If he had instanced the ease
of the first Charles to tell the wicked men in ex-
ecutive office that they had better lie down and
have their heads severed because of their ruthless
overthrow of the Constitution of the countiy as
in the ease of that king, the simile would have
been apposite.
The Senator from New Hampshire thinks that
king was rightfully beheaded. I will not enter j
into that controversy. In history it id a vexed
question. That he committed many gnevous
wrongs, I admn, but 1 am gentle and kind in my
nature, and I think that perhaps it would have
been better if his judges had decreed some milder
punishment. The Senator irom New liampshne
does not think so; he thinks Charles was tight-
fully executed; he has told us so more than once,
i undertake in this Chamber to declare to the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire that if lie will fake up
the hisioiy of that unfortunate, and I will say
guilty king, for he did commit violent infractions of
the constitution of the Bi itish empire, and if he will
state the infractions committed by Charles of the
constitution and law.s of England, I pledge myself
as a gentleman and a man of honor to give him
two for one, and those more flagrant infractions,
committed by Abialmm Lincoln upon the Con-
stitution and laws ot the United States of A men en,
and I defy that Senator or any other Senator who
choosesto enter the lists to run the historical par-
allel. Let him present well-authenticated his-
torical infractions by Cliaiies i of the constitu-
tion and laws of the Biitish nation, and I pledge
mysf It to furnish two instances for one of viola-
tions of our Constitution and laws committed by
the pieseut Executive; and I venture to say that
no Senator will attempt to run the parallel be-
tween the two cases. Hut, sir, [ .shall not talk of j
putting pulleys upon the Piesident, for really !
whih- I think the Pn'sident has committed great
infractions of the Constitution nf the country,
while I honestly believe he uu  hi to be impeachcd .
and turned out of office, I have no such blood-
thirsty feeling as to want to see the poor man's
head chopped off.
The Senator from New Hampshire says that
we had better die gracefully. He comes in as a
kind of amateur to give us that advice. I sup-
pose the Senator was ferocious on the day he
made that speech, and wanted us to come like
lambs to the slaughter, so that he might execute
the functions of chief executioner. Let me tell
him that the Democracy arc not dead, and by the
blessing of God they will not die. They have a
proud office to fill; they have a glorious mission to
execute, and I think they will execute it; and that
is to rescue the Union from the dangers by which
it is surrounded, to save our imperiled Consti-
tution fiom the stabs of domestic traitors who
now assault it, and to let the eyes of men once
more behold this glorious country with the Union
restored, the Constitution unimpaired. That is
our mission, and that by the blessing of God we
will achieve.
The Senator need not mock us because we arc
few m numbers here. Sir, we have forces in the
rear, we have the people at our backs, not only
those who have heretofore been Democrats but
under our glorious banner we will rally all the
conservative and honest men in the country. We
call beneath the folds of thatglorious flag all who
are in favor of constitutional liberty, all who are
opposed to public plunder and robbery, and under
that sign we expect to drive the Gothland the
Vandals from the capital and to execute the laws
over the whole people from the cataract of Ni-
agara to the Gulf of Mexico, from the Atlantic
to the Pacific, and we will never cease until we
accomplish that most desirable object.
But now let me show you what the Senator him-
self said some time ago. Two years ago he stood
outproudiy in the list of patnots. At that epoch
all his instincts were in the right direction, and
I thought we should have his aid in correcting
abuses and in drivmgpubhc plunderers from high
places; but now, so far from continuing in that
line, he wishes those who resist these encroach-
ments, those who desire to drive the rogues from
their places of plunder, to lie down and have their
heads chopped off* without resistance. Listen to
what the Senator said about two years ago when
speaking of a little transaction of the Secretary of
the Navy giving his brother-in-law in New York
a fat contract:
f do not know but I may over-c >timatc, entirely over-
rs.Uin.ito Hi* character of tihi tian .action ; but I tell you,
<ur3 { be!i<>v<', ami I decline n upon my responsibility as a
Senator of the United States that the liberties of fhis coun-
tiv rue in gieatcr danger tn-duj Itom tire eonuptions and
fiotn the piolhgcirj piacticed in the various Depaitmcntsof
tins GoX'ft nrnent f Iran if is from the open enemy in the field "
And about the same period anotherdistinguished
Republican, a Representative in the other House
from the State of .Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
said:
In the fust year of a Republican Administration, which
earn* into pov\ f'i upon pum'^-Hons ot n't'onu am) rotrrneli-
meni,th"re is Jiiduiutable evidetine abtoari in the land tlnit
somebody lias plunder**'! the pabUe 'J'ieuKnry well-nigh in
that t-iiijilo \eara«* much as the entire cuucjit yeuily ex-
of tie' Govei nni«nt dining tin- Administration \v Inch
the people lurried Horn power lK.cau«e oi its coiruption."
Thus spoke those two distinguished leaders;
but now the few of us here who resist such things
and who seek to prevent public plunder are treated
by the honorable Senator as worthy of the block.
I had hoped that he would adhere to his own good
words: his speech from which I have just read an
extract was made about two years ago; and since
then the lobburics that have taken place are a
hundred to one to those that had then occurred. !
The transaction of which he then complained was !
but earnest of what has since been done. We j
hear of these things every day, they are ail around i
us. Since then almostevery vital principle of the 1
Constitution has been overthrown, not by the 1
rebel in arms, but by the domestic traitor at home, i
And yet the Senator wants to decapitate those of .
us who stand up and resist these wrongs. The :
Senator talked earnestly two years ago, and he !
had good reason, 1 think, for making the speech i
he then delivered; but if he thought then the lib- I
ernes of the people were iti more danger from the <
corruptions of the Depai tments here arbout Wash-
ingtim than they were from the public enemy, !
what must he think now? Our arms have ad-
vanced since then, u is true, but pubiic robbery j
and theft have increased. Where one dollar was
stolen then, hundreds and thousands have jaeen
stolen since, and yet he seems quietly t<? have
yielded the contest, to have left the field, and now
he wishes to decapitate those of us who stand, up
against rogues and usurpers!
1 regret to say that instead of continuing toex*
pose those breaches of the public faith as the hon-
orable Senator.did in the report and speech he
made on the occasion to which I have alluded,
we find him now acting with those who tcy to
prevent all investigation. But the other day I
offered in myplacc a resolution calling for in-
foimation of theSecietwy of War, asking him to
send to the Senate the orders that he had issued
empowering ceitain persons to take possession of
churches and church property, and the orders is-
sued by his major generals on the same subject.
I wished that information in order to frame a bill
to pievent those abuses; but the Senate hud my
resolution on the table, and among those who
voted thus to kill it was the Senator from New
Hampshire. Would any man five years ago
have supposed that the Secretary of War would,
without warrant of law and in violation of the
Constitution of the country, undertake to transfer
a church to a minister of a different religious faith
from that to which it belonged ? That he wouM
send ministers through the whole valley of the
Mississippi to take possession of churches be-
longing to a certain denomination of Christians,
and install them as ministers to prefich the gos-
pel to peihaps an unwilling people? Would it
then have been supposed that the time would ever
arrive when a major general of the United States
would undertake to clothe provost marshals with
the power to appoint ministers of the gospel and
to levy taxes on congregations to pay them, all
subject to the general's approval? I did not
suppose that an American Senate would ever be
convened which, when a resolution was offered
calling for information on such a subject, most
delicate to every free people, would prevent the
Secretary of War from returning such public
orders for their investigation. But, sir, such .is
the fact. It stands on record upon the Journal,
and there it will remain, in my judgment, to the
discredit of those who placed it there.
Mr. President, although the Senate may npfc
allow that information to be sent here officially,
we all know that the fact exists. There is evi-
dence before us that the War Office is tampering
with religion,taking houses of religious worship,
not for the purpose of using them temporarily as
hospitals for the sick and wounded—that would
be proper—but for the purpose of installing min-
isters in them to preach to perhaps an unwilling
people. That is uniting Church and State, con-
trary to the Constitution of the country, and I
think the Senate ought not to refuse to call for
information upon such a subject. If the party
friends of the Administration expect to hide these
things from the people they are very much mis-
taken. Some of these orders have already boon
published. Not only have houses of public war-
ship been taken, but I have evidence that orders
have been issued,appointing certain men belong-
i ing to the Baptist Home Mission Society in the
! city of New York to go down through the valley
of the Mississippi and take possession of property
belonging to the Baptist churches of that regron.
Everybody knows that the Baptist church is a
very republican kind of institution; each church
is separate and distinct in its jurisdiction, unlike*
other denominations in that respcct.
1 have always been of opinion tluit ma repub-
lican Government like tbia, all the acts of our
public functionaries, except those which were
necessanly secret in the way of diplomatic rela-
tions, should be open to the inspection of the peo-
j pie. It is the people's Govei ument. They are
> in theory, and until these unfortunate times they
| have been in fact, the sovereigns; and througn
i their Representatives they have a right to demand
I the public official orders of their servants who are
I in power for the tune being. Let the people aee
| what i.3 being done, so that they can, through
] their Representatives, apply the corrective, if they
| think it is wrong, and if they think it is right,
i give their plaudits and their approval to faithful
public servants.
| I have thought that this kind of secrecy was
1 only fit for the cabinets of princes and potentates
