1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®,
posed was a violation of the understanding; but
as the Senator from New Hampshire say's ex-
pressly he understood it otherwise, I afterwards
said I could make no further statement m relation
to it and am bound to let the matter pass.
LAND IN WALLABOUT BAY.
Mr. HALE. I am directed by the Committee
on Naval Affairs, to wham was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 561) to authorize the United States
to acquire land in Wallabout bay belonging to
(he city of Brooklyn, and to authorize the ex-
change of other lands therefor, to report it with-
out amendment; and as it is a bill of only about
six lines, involving no appropriation, butsimply
proposing an exchange of lands, I hop'e the Sen-
ate will consider it now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which authorizes the Secretary of the
Navy to negotiate with the city of Brooklyn for
an exchange of lands in Wallabout buy between
the ^United States and that city, and thereupon to
make, execute, and deliver good and sufficient
deeds and releases therefor.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
REI>ORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom were referred the following bills,
reported them severally with an amendment:
A bill (S. No. 330) to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish and equalize the grades of officers
of the United States Navy;"
A bill (H. R. No. 534) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Navy to provide for the education
of naval constructors and steam engineers, and
for other purposes.
He ulso, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Alfred Jones, of
Missouri, reported a bill (S. No. 343) making an
appropriation for testing submarine inventions;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of masters in the Navy,
not in the line of promotion and attached to navy-
yards, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which \vas agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
four thousand copies of the internal revenue act
last passed by Congress, with an index to be pie-
pared under the direction of the Secretary of the
Tieasuryvfor the use of the Senate, reported it
without amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution; which
way considuiud.by unanimous consent, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the tariff not last
parsed by Congie^s, Witli an iiuh'x to be piepared under
the dnection of the Secretary of the Treaaury/he punted
foi the ut'eof die Senate.
"Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Aifaiis and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (H. R. No. 542) to regulate the pay of
pay masters and military store keepers of ordnance,
reported it without amendment.
EXPENSES OF PENNSYLVANIA MILITIA.
Mr. COWAN. I move that, the Senate post-
pone all prior orders, and proceed to the consid-
eration of House bill No. 117.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 117) to reim-
burse the State of Pennsylvania for expenses in
calling out the militia of said State during the re-
cent invasion, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Ten Etck to strike out the
following proviso to the first section of the bill:
ProvuhJ, That the expenses of none of the militia of any
State fljall be paid under thi^ act who icfused to be inus-
teiud into tlyi service oi the United States.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 2; as follows:
YEAR IMcs?!"-. Anthony, Clark, (-'mines*, Cowan, Da-
Vis, Doohttle, Foot, Gnme?, Hale, Hams, IIendrick>.
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane ot Kansas, McDowell,
Moig.ni, Ne&nuih, Powell. Ramsey, Riddle, Sher-
man", Spiague, Sumnei. Ten Eyek,Trumbull, VV liley, and
Wilson—^.
NAYS—Messrs. Pomeroyand Saulsbury—2. •
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalevv,Carlile,Chandler,
Collamer, Dixon, Fessenden, Foster, Harding, Harlan,
Henderson, Ilieks, Howaid, Howe, Richardson, Van Win-
kle, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following amend-
ment as a new section:
JlnA be it further enacted, That any other troops from any
other State received into, and actually serving in, the Ar-
my of the United States, whether regularly mustered m or
not, and who have not been othenvise piovided for, shall
receive the &atne pay and all other emoluments that they
would be entitled to if they had been regulaily mustered
into such service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have that
last amendment read. I did not hear it.
Mr. COWAN. It is anew section. Owing
to the change which has been made in the first
section of the bill it will require an additional
appropriation in order to meet the claims upon
the Treasury. The money paid by individuals
ahd corporations of Pennsylvania for the pay-
ment of troops calicd into service by her will
amount to about seven hundred thousand dollars.
The first section appropriated that sum for their
payment. But by the amendments which have
been made in that section it is now proposed to
pay the troops from New Jersey and New York
who assisted to repel that invasion. I therefore
propose to strike out the word "seven "in the tenth
line of the first section, and to insert " twelve;"
so as to make the appropiiation §1,200,000. I
suppose that will cover all the troops included.
I understand that the troops from New Jersey
require about forty thousand dollars to pay them.
The amount disbursed by the State of New York
in the payment of her troops has not been ascer-
tained exactly, but §1,200,000 will cover all, and
I hope, therefore, this amendment will be made.
Mr. GRIMES. It occurs to me that will not
be near enough. I think the Senator from Ken-
tucky told.us the other day that the amount which
would be due to his State from the United States
would be about three hundred thousand dollars,
and he has put on a section that I suppose is in-
tended to cover that amount.
Mr. DAVIS Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me to explain ?
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no doubt that $20,000
will cover every dollar that Kentucky would be
entitled to underthis amendment; atleast I should
be willing to restrict it to that amount.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator tell the Sen-
ate precisely what the payment is to be for? Of
course we want to know that.
Mr. DAVIS. I have explained it abouttwenty
times in the Senate during the last session and the
present. There were two regiments in Kentucky
that were engaged in two battles; some of them
were killed and others wounded and discharged,
without being regulaily mustered into the ser-
vice, and I just want to meet their cases.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 understand the Senator from
Kentucky to say that the amount in his estima-
tion would not exceed $20,000, and that he is
willing to restrict it to that amount.
Mr. DAVIS. I urn.
Mr. GRIMES. I therefore propose to recon-
sider the vote adopting that amendment in order
to add the following proviso to it:
Provided, That tile amount to be appropriated Ulldertilts
section ^tnitt nut c\cec<l ttiu sum ot g00,l)00.
All. COWAN. I hope the honoiable Senator
from Iowa will allow my amendment to pass first,
and then his will be appropriate to the section
moved by the honoiable Senator from Kentucky.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa moves to reconsider.—■—•
Mr. COWAN. I have a motion pending. 1
moved to amend the fiist section in the tenth line
by striking out " seven" and inserting •' twelve,"
and that is now the pending motion, I believe. _
The PRESIDENT jna tempore. The Chair
did not umletstand the Senator to have made the
motion to amend. The question will be on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to call the attention of
the Senate to that amendment. Nobody seems
to be paying any attention to it. The amount
now fixed m the bill is ^700,000. The Senator
from Pennsylvania has told us that the amount
that will lie' necessary to pay the New Jersey
troops will be only $40,000; and now, in ordef to
pay that §40,000, he proposes to raise the*appro-
priation up to #1,200,000. 'J J
Mr. COWAN. New York has to come in,
and that will'take three or four hundred thousand'
dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. But the Senator from" Ne#
York told us that his State did not make-any
claim at all.
Mr. COWAN. Very well; then the money
will not be paid. If they will withdraw it, I, am
perfectly satisfied.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think it is wise for us
to be making appropriations for the benefit-of
States that do not prefer any claims against us,
Mr. COWAN. Then I move to except New
York.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
Pennsylvania to strikeout "seven" and insert!
" twelve" in the tenth line of the first section. -
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and na^s oil-
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COWAN. I hope the Senate will under-
stand this question. I have only to say that the
first section of this bill originally passed; the*
House ofRepresentatives and was brought here-
for the purpose of paying the troops from Penn-
sylvania, and the sum of §700,000 was appropri-
ated for that purpose. The Senate have amended
it, however, so as to provide for the payment of
all the troops that assisted to repel that invasion.
If all the tioops arc to be paid, §700,000 is not.
enough, because it requires about that sum to pay
the troops from Pennsylvania. I have there-
fore moved to increase the sum from $700,000 to
§1,200,000 in order to cover the troops from New"
Jeisey and New York. 1 understand the amount-
required to pay the troops from New Jersey to
be $40,000. It is intimated here that New York
does not desire an appropriation to be made for
the payment ofher troops, and if that be the case
I shall be glad to know it. If that be so,"she can
be excepted from this arrangement and there
will be no difficulty about it. If, however, she
is to be paid, the amendment I have offered rais-
ing the appropriation from $700,000 to §1,200,000
ought to be adopted, I think; and that is the
question which is now before the Senate. If
the honorable Senators from New York will say
they are not anxious to be included within this
arrangement, then we shall make other provisions
which will be acceptable to ourselves and to them
too if they withdraw any claim to be paid under
this bill. I hope, however, without such a dis-
claimer oh their part, that the amendment I offef
will be adopted.
Mr. HARRIS. New York has made no claim
for remuneration for these expenditures; I do not
think New York would have made a claim; but
Pennsylvania having made aclaim for reimburse-
ment of the sums paid to her own soldiers defend-
ing her own soil, and as NewYork will be called
upon to pay about one fifth of the amount ap-
propriated for Pennsylvania, if Pennsylvania is
to be paid I think New York should come in too.
I would have preferred, as I said yesterday, that
neither State, at this crisis, should have asked the
Government to pay it; but Pennsylvania having
asked it I suppose New York should share with
Pennsylvania.
Mr. MORGAN. I agree entirely with my col-
league. The amendment of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] having been adopted, which I
think was correct, l suppose the only question is
whether a bill is to be passed to pay these States
at all. There can be no doubt that if a bill is to
be passed to pay Pennsylvania, New Jersey'and
New York should be included; but I should my-
self prefer now, at the present price of gold, not
asking the Government for it; I should prefer that
the States should wait until it was more conven-.
lent for the General Government to pay. 1 should
be very glad if the Senator from Pennsylvania
would withdraw the bill and let it go by for the
session; but still, if he is to press it this amend-
ment is proper.
Mr. COWAN. I have no objection that the
State of New York shall be magnanimous in
sentiment, but if she be magnanimous in senti-
ment she ought also to be magnanimous in prac-
tice. Her case is not our case, it is not the
