1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GI4OBE.
because otherwise a certain set of men will make
a great deal of money. I have no disposition to
legislate either to help men make money or to
prevent their making money. That, it strikes
me, is a very triflingconsideration when you are
attempting to digest a great system which is to
endure not only for this year but also is to an-
swer our purpose through many succeeding years.
We &mst act with reference to the great question
of raising revenueunder the bill we pass; and the
incidental result, whether thereby we deprive this
set of men or that, set of men of money they
would otherwise make,or whetherweare tolegis-
late it into their pockets,may be considered col-
laterally, but I take it„that is not to influence the
great question.
Now, sir, leaving that question to be settled,
so far as the particular quantity of liquor on hand
is concerned, till the time when we arrive at it,
let me state what the committee had in view in
reference to the amendments which they have
proposed to this-section. We do not suppose that
from the 1st day of June (if we should get through
the bill and it should become a law by that day)
by raising the rate of duty at that time and from
thence to the 1st of>October, we shall effect touch
in the way of producing revenue; and why? Be-
cause, as is sta&d by Senators, that is the time
when the old crop is pretty much used up; there
is not much of it on hand; the cattle and hogs are
disposed of; and the distillers do not usually oper-
ate to any considerable extent at that period of
the year. Ifwe laya largely increased duty upon
it at that time, it will operate in aid of what is
their general practice, to stop operations. I agree
with the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy]
that if that should be the effect, the little we lose
in one particular will be more than made up by
what we shall probably gain in another; because
if we lay no additional duty on the 1st of June—
and that day is only fixed a a supposed day—
we mean to put it into effect the very earliest day
that we can pass the bill, and of course as to the
date we shall bg guided by the progress that the
bill makes; if we omit to lay any additional duty
on the 1st of June, and let it go till the 1st of Oc-
tober, we hold out a direct inducement and a very
strong inducement, to distillers to keep their dis-
tilleries in operation, and to use up as much corn
as they can in the intermediate time with a view
to increase the quantity manufactured before that
time as much as possible, because then there will
be a large increase of duty.
Therefore it is advisable with reference to both
those considerations,in fact. Wemaygain very
little now, owing to the reduced crop, by making
the increase take effect at once; buf on the other
hand we might lose largely in the increase of the
price of the raw material, which is needed for the
consumption of our Army; and therefore it was
deemed advisable, in the judgment of the com-
mittee, to increase the duty at the present time.
Taken in connection with the fact that the distil-
leries cannot ordinarily run to advantage in this
particular period of the year until the new crop
comes in, the result would be, if you please, to
operate either to prevent the distillation, in which
' case we should not lose much, or if they went on
to distill they would pay a duty upon it; and in
either case we should not get the stock so largely
increased between now and October; and I believe
that view to be a sound one.
Theft we change from the 1st of January to
the 1st of October for the reason that lias been
suggested; and that is, that then the new crop
comcs in, and then the distilleries begin their op-
erations. We thought it best that the Govern-
ment should have the advantage of the large man-
ufacture that would probably take place for the
three months between the 1st of October and the
1st of January. That is the view with which we
changed the time when the duty of $1 25 should
go into effect from the 1st of January, 1865, to
the 1st of October, 1864. Then the question arose
whether we should still further increase the duty
on the 1st of January next. At that time 1 sup-
pose the distilleries are all largely in operation;
tliey have gottheir'cattle and hogs,&c., and they
have got their stock of raw materials on hand. The
question with reference to that was simply whether
the article would bear the increased rate. I have
no doubt that it.will bear that rate and a larger
rate. I have no doubt it will bear two dollars.
The rate in England is $9 80, or thereabouts,upon
the manufacture of this article, and the large duty
has been found in practice not to diminish the
quantity apparently, while it largely increases the
revenue in consequence of the quantity being in-
creased instead of diminished. The truth is it is
an article that you cannot prohibit the manufac-
ture of by duties if they are anywhere within a
reasonable limit.
With that view the House of Representatives
having expressed its opinion that $1 25 should be
the extent of taxation, we having the opinion in
our committee that tfie duty should not be laid on
the whisky on hand, but should be laid as largely
as we could reasonably expect it would bear on
the article to be manufactured hereafter, we have
proposed to increase it a quarter of a dollar after
the 1st of January next, and bring it up to $1 50.
I have no doubt myself that it might he carried
even higher; but all these things are progressive.
When we began, with much doubtand much hes-
itation, we fixed it at twenty cents; we did not
think it could go any higher than that, and now
we find in the opinion of everybody that we may
go up much higher. 1 think we may go very
much higher, and put on the increased duties bet-
ter now than then, because it does not do to shake
the country even in times of war more than we
can help. It requires time for men to accustom
themselves to an idea, if it is a new idea, and to
get familiar with it, and as they get familiar with
it they pass to it and understand it, and find they
can get along a great deal- better with the conse-
quence of carrying it out than they supposed.
Then comjfs the important question suggested
by my friend from Ohio; and I will say one sin-
gle word upon it with a view of laying down a
general principle. Gentlemen in both Houses of
Congress and the people of the country are anx-
ious to obtain as much revenue as possible out of
this article. It is a subject peculiarly fit forrev-
enue. It is one of those things that you can
legislate upon and get money outof without do-
ing injury to anybody; forhow much you make
a man pay for his drinks is of no sort of conse-
quence. It is a good thing for the country; and
if he will diminish the quantity that he does drink,
we gain in that way. 1 have never yet been con-
vinced that a cent or two more or less on a glass
of liquor made any difference to a man who wanted
to drink it. It certainly does not to me, [laugh-
ter,] and I am not so fond of it as a great many
other people.
But, sir, in putting a system of this kind into
operation, you must give it time. The idea that
you can inaugurate a great system of taxation all
at once, lay your hand upon all the sources of
revenue, and that you can get everything out of
it by your legislation, is, in my judgment, a per-
fectly fallacious notion. If we wanted revenue
for tnis year alone, and must have it at all haz-
ards, I might consent to do many things that in
the present condition of things I do not think
wise; but, as I said before, we are legislating for
a long series of years. We must not only have
revenue this year, but we must have it the next
year, and the year after that, and so on; we do
not know how long, probably longer than I shall
live^nd many others qf us. You must therefore
be content to be patient and^wait for any system
to get into operation. No great one ever goes
into operation and takes full effect in a month, or
a year,or perhaps longer. We have inaugurated
tins system. We are now getting our twenty
cents. For a long time we did not get that, ow-
ing to the stock on hand. We are now getting
our sixty cents on a large portion of it under the
bill that we passed last winter. So far, so good;
but there was much on hand then upon which we
did not get the twenty cents, but only on that
which has been made since. It will operate thus
in all cases. The time will come, and that shortly,
when we can put these laws with reference to
revenue in full operation. Why? Because before
a very long time the stock on hand must disap-
pear; it must be used up; it must be gone; the
appetites of men and the needs of men in manu-
factures and in other directions for the use of
liquor will use it, and then the system will be in
full operation. We must frame our system with
reference to these well-known facts, which are
familiar to all of us on a moment's reflection.
I do not propose to anticipate any discussion
thatmaytake placeupon thatquestion, butsimply
to enunciate a general principle and to suggest to
gentlemen that in Order to make the system what
it should be we must give time for it to hfecojrimd-
date itself to the existing state Of facts among the
people. , j - • >
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe Mr.Inflcoln fir
the author of the'sentiment, at least he repeated
it, " the world moves on." At the first part of
this session I thought the proposition to fix
whisky at the rate%f sixty cents a gallon almost
an alarming proposition. It seemed to me to be
such a high tax upon' a western production that'
I felt it to be my duty to oppose it. I do nx>'t how
propose, when we have come up to the proposi-
tion to tax whisky a dollar a gallon, to oppose it.
I am satisfied it is the sentiment of the Senate that
the production shall be taxed at that rate; but
upon one or two practical questions I desire the
attention of the Senate, and particularly of the
Finance Committee.
It is proposed to tax this article at one rate for
a while, and then at another rate for another pe-
riod. If that be adopted as the idea of this bill,
then the times ought to be so fixed as notseriously
to interfere with the'business which is taxed.
The 1st of October and the 1st of January are the
two most unfortunate periods in the whole year
at which to Miange the rate of taxation. You can
do it at the 1st of June and not materially inter-
fere with the interests of the men engaged in this
pursuit; but if you take the 1st of January, and
ddfeble the tax at that time, it would materially,
interfere with the business. The business of the
distiller is not alone to produce whisky, but, to
make his pursuit profitable, he must feed stock,
cattle, and hogs; and when he buys his stock of'
corn in the fall he must also, to make his busi-
ness profitable, buy his stock of hogs and cattle,
so as to use up during the winter, and the proper
season of distilling, that which does not go into
whisky. t
You propose then to tax whisky at a certain
rate from this time until the 1st of January, and
then increase the tax fifty per cent. What is the
effect? You stimulate the production of whisky
unnaturally until the 1st of January, and then
your legislation has a tendency to stop the pro.
duction. Right in the middle of winter, when
the cattle and hogs are on hand and being fed,
you take away the motive to produce whisky.
In. other words—I desire the point to be under-
stood by the Senate—this policy tends to make
whisky and whisky only, while the policy of
the Senate ought to be, not the production of
whisky, but to encourage the feeding ff stock.
You encourage the production of whisky at an
unnatural rate up to a particular period when you
ought not to stop for the reason that you need to
feed the stock during the balance of the season.
I shall not oppose the tax of a dollar a gallon;
but surely Senators will admit that that is a very
high tax. I think Senators will admit that there
is nothing in the execution of the former law or
of the law that we passed during the early part
of the session which justifies us in saying that
this interest ought to be taxed higher than a dollar
a gallon. The bill admits that it ought not now
be taxed more than a dollar. That is the propo-
sition of the committee; that one dollar is a very
high tax. I believe it is five times the tax that
was imposed two years ago. It is an increase
over the tax two years ago of five hundred per
cent. Is not that enough? .
Senators may say that whisky will still be
produced. The Senator from Maine suggested
that whatever almost may be the tax, within a
reasonable limit,the production will goon and
the consumption of whisky will go on. That
may be so; but surely the Senator will admitthat
you may tax this production at dfcch a rate as that
corn will cease to go into whisky, as tha't men
cannot produce it and sell it. While I was in the
State of Indiana recently, I consulted some gen-
tlemen on this subject and they expressed the
opinion, thata tax of a dollar on the gallon would
very seriously decrease the production, and a tax
of 01 50 would almost stop the production of
whisky. That is their opinion. Tobesure, we
cannot tell whether that will be so or not; but
it is very certain that you may tax to a point that
will stop production, that will be prohibitory.
Then what is the effect of it? Not to produce
revenue, but to prevent a very important westerr
production.
Representing to some extent this interest, In
