2462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
diana producing: a very large amount of whisky
. and having a very large corn production, a por-
tion of which goes into whisky, I am going to
ask Senators to so arrange this bill as not right
in the middle of the winter, time to 'change the
rate of taxation, butthat that change of rate shall
be fixed at a period of the year, say the 1st of
June, that" will not very seriously interfere with
the business of the distiller, especially as regards
the raising of cattle and hogs, useful to the coun-
try generally,useful to the Army,useful in every
respect. The Senate ought not to fix a time at
which these rates shall be increased which will
interfere with that which all concede to be useful
to the country.
The proposition that I now make to the Senate
is that this sliding scale slfall be fixed to take ef-
fect on the 1st of June, and that there shall be no
change from the 1st of June, 1864, until the Istof
June, 1865. Isit nota shoit time, one year,dur-
ing which the law shall operate? Do you so treat
any other interest of the country, taxing itatone
rate for three months,and then atanother rate for
three months again, and still a third rate to be
fixed ? Is it not a fair suggestion that I make to
Senators, that in view of the tiue interests of the
distiller and of the whole corn interest of the
Northwest you shall allow the rate that is fixed
for the 1st of June to continue for one entire year,
and then, if Senators believe there ought to bean
increase, let it be fixed to take place on the lst#f
June? Distillers on the lstof June are about
stopping their operations. They have fattened
their stock and sold it, and have not much on
hand. Then if you discourage this production of
whisky during the summer months,as was sug-
gested by the Senator from Kansas, it is all well
enough; I have no objection to that; but during
the winter months when the stock is on hand and
the supply for thatstock, itoughtnotto be cutoff.
His not wjse policy to increase the tax at that time.
If Senators are not content that a dollar shall
be the rate of taxation—an inemase of five hun-
dred per cent, for one short year—then let tliern
make it more. It is better for these distillers that
you shall fix it at $1 ii/5 and let that $1 25 run
though the entire year, than that you shall fix it
at one dollarnow and raise it a quarter of a dollar
in the middle of the winter.
It seems to me this is but a fair proposition.
Senators are not willing that their interests shall
be submitted to a system of taxation that fluctu-
ates and changes from time to time. This in-
terest,asjyell asall other interests of the countryv
requires stability of legislation, that it shall ac-
commodate itself for some considerable period of
time to the taxation which is imposed; but you
change it. For a few months you cncourage pro-
duction, and then you encourage speculation. It
seems to me the Senate can secure the interests
of the act with a view to revenue and at the same
time protect what are the true interests of the
Northwest in this production.
In respect to the suggestions of the Senator from
Ohio in hia proposition to tax the article on hand
at this time, I have nothing to say except this:
two or three mouths ago the Senate said deliber-
ately, and by a very large vote, that it would not
agree to the proposition of the House of Repre-
sentatives that the article which had already paid
a tax should be taxed again. That was the de-
liberate judgment oft he Senate,and that, too, after
a veiy bitter contest with the House. The whole
country thought that the Senate had adopted that
as its policy, that the article should not be taxed
a second time. Acting upon that men have tiaded
in this article; they have bought and sold.
The Senator say 8 a large profit has been made.
That profit has &een anticipated. The present
puce of liquor shows that. Since the legislation
two or three months ago liquor has gone up in the
market very much, and men have anticipated the
present increase. One man has sold at a profit
of one or two cents; his purchaser has sold at a
profit of three or four centsit may be, until in the
hands of the present holder there may be but a
very small and a very reasonable profit. If you
tax the article in the hand of the present pur-
chaser, who has purchased upon the faith of the
action of the Senate, you destroy him. I say the
Senate ought not to do it. It owes it to itself, it
owes it to the tnule of the country that has gone
on in its ordinary channels, not to depart from
the policy which m a protracted struggle with the
House of Representatives three months ago it de-
clared should be its policy.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 'Mr. President, this pro-
duction is a very large one in the State that I in
part represent, and I desire to submit a very f<|jy
observations upon the proposition now under dis-
cussion.
I agree with the Senator from Indiana, after
conversing as fully and freely as I could with
the manufacturers at home, that they could bear
this duty at a dollar a gallon; but they want sta-
bility in the legislation of the country. This
sliding scale is disadvantageous to them. You
might increase the tax to a dollar on the 1st day
of June, if you make no increase for a year there-
after, and for this very good reason: the manu-
facturer of the article makes his plans and ar-
rangements this Tall with a view to the carrying
on of that manufacture for a year. During the
progress of that time it is impossible for him to
quit if he wished to do so. He may lose money
every day in the manufacture; but still to stop is
ruin.
But, sir, there is another subject being dis-
cussed here more important to him than the
amountof the taxation upon the article to be man-
ufactured; and that is, the proposition to levy a
duty upon the stock on hand. I care not if that
duty is but five cents a gallon, the effect upon him,
if it is adopted, is disastrous in this; you assert
the principle that you have the right to levy a
second tax upon this article at any time; and if
he has not capital enough in advance to carry on
his year's operations he cannot ent^r upon the
business; and why? lie has to calf upon capi-
talists to advance to, him money to buy upon
speculation; and people who have money in this
country geneially make money out of it. The
man of capital will invest nothing in the purchase
of whisky. Why? Because, when it is in his
hands you may levy a tax hereafter of fifty cents
or a dollar a gallon upon it and destroy the capi-
tal that he has invested in the article. The levy-
ing of a duty of five cents a gallon upon the stock
on bund does the manufacturer more mischief
than the levying of $1 50 upon the article to be
nianufaetuied.
In reference to the o/.her subject that lias been
discussed here by Senators, I have only this to
say: I imagine that, whether we manufacture
whisky in the Northwest or not, it will have but
little influence upon the price of the corn that the
Government is compelled to have. Suppose you
put corn in Iowa, Illinois, and Indiana down to
ten cents a bushel; what effect will that have on
the price on the seaboard? It is the tiansporta-
lion of the corn that so enhances the price when
it reaches the sea-shorC or any point where our
armies are. The original price paid for it is a
matter of very little importance. It is import-
ant that we should have distilleries there for the
purpose of carrying some of it off, so that it may
be disposed of m the shape of whisky. I repeat,
however, that whether the manufactureof whisky
•is carried on or not, it has but little influence on the
price of com and foiage to the Government, be-
cause the transportation is the great expense and
not the cost of the corn itself. ^
Mr. McDOUG ALL. Mr. President, it is well
known to the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance and tho members of the old committee that
I have always insisted that this particular article
would boar a high rateoftaxation. I was in favor
ofitwhen we adopted our first tax bill. I said then
it would bear a tax of a dollara gallon, and utged
a higher rate of taxation. I am of the same opin-
ion still. I think if we pass the bill as it now
stands, and fix the tax at a dollar a gallon, that ul-
timately when the law comes into full operation
and full application, the amount of production
will be very little different from what it wouid be
otherwise. Therefore, I say, I am in favor of de-
riving from this subject-matter as much revenue
as possible. I would not object, and I do not
think it would be unsound policy to ratee the tax
that we propose to assess, as soon as it can be
applied, to $1 50 a gallon, and tiien.agam raise it
at the end of a year, or at the proper tune to make
the change, to $2 a gallon; and I believe there
would be as much whisky distilled as there would
be with a less rate of taxation. It is one of those
things that are produced or consumed without ref-
erence to price. It was observed by every person
who has noticed anything about the consumption
of brandies, for instance, that after the change of
the tariff of 184C, raising the duty on brandies as
delivered in our markets, thete was no perceptible
difference in consumption; and that has been the
result of all observation and statistics with legard
to the same kind of subject-matter.
But 1 agree with the Senatois from Indiana
and Illinois with regard to the objection to a reg-
ular ascending Scale. The committee propose an
increase of twenty-five cents at the end of certain
periods named. The effect will be that between
now and the lstof October tfyere will be a forced
manufacture to avoid the twenty-five cents in-
crease at that time; then between the 1st of Oc-
tober and the 1st of January there will be a forced
manufacture to avoid the additional twenty-five
cents at that time; and then between the 1st of
January and the l9t of June there will be another
forced production; whereas the same thing might
be accomplished and be consistent with all these
interests by fixing now a high rate of taxation.
I would go for $1 25 or $1 50, and let it run
through the season, and then put it up to $1 50
or $2. I would prefer myself to go for a tax of
$1 50 now, and let this season's business be done
with a tax of $1 50, and then in June, 1865, fix-
ing it at $2, so as not to have this continual pres-
sure and this forcing of the manufacuue every
thiee months between this time and June, 1865.
I do not think it wise policy. This forcing of
the manufacturers from time to time forces these
iriteiests right against the interests of the coun-
try, for we need this material to a very large ex-
tent to maintain our armies m the field. There
are many reasons why it is impolitic, independent
of its inieifeimg with the regular legitimate busi-
ness of the manufacturers themselves. The same
object can be accomplished, the same revenue de-*
rived, by simplifying the matter, by having one
rule ftom this time until June, 1865, making the
duty high enough; fiWould say myself $1 50.
As this subjeetis up now, I only throw out my
views as other gentlemen are throwing out their
views, but when the time comes-for the proper
amendment to be moved, 1 shall represent my
opinion by my vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I dissent entirely with
gentlemen in their proposition to lay one tax now
and another a year from next June. It will be
perceived that our object is to reach if possible
the manufacture of the coming season, and to fix
a lime by our legislation, not in terms but sub-
stantially, when the whole tax will go into oper-
ation, that time to be as nearaspossible. What
would be the effect of the proposition suggested
by Senators? Suppose we fix the duty upon the 1st
of June next at a dollar, as proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, and then let the next
time fixed be the succeeding 1st of June after the
season is over. The consequence would be simply
this: during this season the distilleiics would be
run to their utmost extent, and a stock accumu-
lated on hand against the rise in June which
would prevent our receiving any benefit for a
very long period. Our object is (and it is a very
proper object in my judgment) to strike at the
coining season, and the best mode of doing that
was a question of consideration with the commit-
tee. it was a serious question with the commit-
tee (and that is for tho Senate to decide) whether
we would not put on the whole tax at once. I
should be willing to go upto two dollars. -1 think
the article would bear it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now?
Mr. FESSEND&N. Now; that is to say if
we adopted that system; and if we adopt that sys-
! tem I would prefer to put on the two dollars now;
but the objection to that would be, it being so
very high it would stop production entirely dur-
ing the next season if it was all put on at once,
because there is stock on hand which perhaps
might be sufficient to last over, and it might i here-
fore have an injurious effect in that particular.
We want some revenue out of it as fast as we can
get it, and we want to secure substantially what
is coming in the next season by way of produc-
tion. We supposed, as I stated a few moments
i| ago, that from June to October there would be
little or nothing produced, and no great injury
wouid accrue. When the fall crop comes in, the
tax being raised to §1 25, there is a stimulus to
production up to the 1st of January, when it will
be raised again, and then after January, when it
is raised, we have the balance of the year.
