440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
their ballot-box, and controlling the operations of
their government. That was an insurrection, and
none the less an insurrection because the execu-
tive authorities of the country sustained and sanc-
tioned it, to their dishonors It was an insurrec-
tion against the laws, but it was not war; very
far from it. We had a kind of insurrection, an
emeu.lt, in Utah; but it never rose to the dignity
of war. It was simply a dissatisfaction on the
part of the people there with the acts of certain
executive authorities, and resistance to those acts;
but the resistance disappeared on the approach of
a military force. Itwas atmostinsurrection. To
show that this distinction is laid down in the law-
books, I will refer to Mr. Lawience's recent edi-
tion ofWheaton's International Law. In anote
on page 522 it is said:
"Publicists distinguish between popular commotion
(tmotionpopulaire) or tumultuous assemblage, which may
be dnected against the magistrates or merely against indi-
viduals ; sedition, ($6ditiony) applying to a foimal disobedi-
ence particulailv directed against the magimates or other
depositaiies of public authority; and insui rection, (soideve-
ment,) winch extends to gt eat number in acityoi pioviuee,
so that even the sovereign is no longer obeyed ; and civil
war. Popular commotion, sedition, and insurrection are
all State crimes, even though arising from just causes of
complaint csvciy violent measure being inteuhoted in civil
society. These cases aie always supposed to he susceptible
of being suppressed by the sovereign ; and it is usual, in
doing so, to giant an amnesty in all but exceptionable eases.
"A civil war is when a pany arises in a State which no
longer obeysthe sovereign and insufficiently strong to make
head against him, or when, m a lepublie, the nation is di-
vided into two opposite factions, and both sides take up
arms. Usage applies the term civil war to every war be-
tween members of the same political society, if it is be-
tween a pan of the citizen*- on the one side and the sov-
ereign and those who obey him on the other, it is sufficient
that the malcontents have some reason to take up arms in
order that the disturbances should be called civil war, and
not rebellion. The. ptince never tails, to call all his subjects
who openly resist him lebels; but when the latter become
sufficiently strong to make headagamst him, to compel htm
to can yon warregulailv against them, he must be contented
with the term civil war. Civil war breaks the bonds of so-
ciety and of the Government; it gives rise in a nation to
two independent panics, who acknowledge no common
judge. They are in the position of two nations, who engage
In dispute-*, and, not being able to reconcile them, have re-
course to aims. The common laws of war are in civil wars
to he obseivcd on both sides. The same reasons which
make them obligatory between foreign States render them
more necessaiy in the unhappy circumstances where two
exasperated paities are destroying their common country."
It will be necessary for Senators to keep in view
these-distinctions, because upon them rests the
whole argument in this case. Civil war is where
an insurrection has assumed such power and
strength as to invoke armies, when victories and
defeats alternate, when the matter ceases to be a
mere insurrection or rising against the civilauthor-
ity, and when marshals and constables arc* no
lo'nger necessary, but armies must be called upon
to decide the conflict. The law of 1795 defines
what an insurrection is. 1 have not the law be-
fore me, but the words are familiar. In such
cases, the President must call out the militia of
the State, through its Governor, the not act must
be read, and various precautions are prescribed4,
constables and marshals must he employed to a
certain extent; notice must, be given to the insui-
gonts; and they must be disposed in that way,if
possible. The law of 1795 provides (lie manner
jn which at) lnsuirection shall lie ti eated, but when
the insurrection assumes the magnitude of civil
war, other laws must govern; the law of 1795
ceases to apply; and the laws of war as recog-
nized among the civilized and Christian nations
of the world must then decide the contest.
It is sometimes difficult to ascertain when an
insurrection melts into rebellion, and when a re-
bellion assumes the proportions of civil war is
often difficult of ascertainment; but in the present
case, the character of the struggle in which we
are engaged has been ascertained and definitively
settled by every department of the Government.
The Supreme Court of the United States has al-
ready declared that this is no longer an insunee-
tion, but a civil war. Every department of the
Government concurs that this is a civil war and
not an insurrection. When the President of the
United States originally called out seventy-live
thousand volimtceis he treated it partly as an in-
surrection and partly as a civil war—a kind of
incongruous condition not easily understood; but
Congress, as soon as it convened, treated it as a
civil war, authoiizrd the employment of half a
million men, and cailcd it war. The President
issued a proclamation declaring a blockade, a
thing not known as against insurgents. Finally,
the decision of the Supreme Court in the prize
cases during the December term, 1862, declaied
that it was civil war and not insurrection. 1 will
read a short extract from that decision; and I shall
have occasion to refer to it frequently:
" This greatest of civil wars was not gradually developed
by popular commotion, tumultuous assemblies, or local un-
organized insurrections. However long may have been its
previous conception,it neveitheless spiang fuith suddenly
from the parent brain, a Minerva in the full panoply of war.
The President was bound to meet it in the shape it pie-
sented itself, without waiting for Congress to baptize it
with a name ; and no name given to it by him or them could
change the fact.
" 11 is not the less a civil war, with belligerent parties in
hostile array, because it may be called an ' insurrection5 by
one side, and the insurgents beconsideied as rebels or trai-
tors. It is not necessary that the independence of the re-
volted province or State b<i acknowledged in oider to eon-
stitute it a party belligerent in a war, according to the law
of nations."—2 Black's Reports, page 669.
The decision goes on upon that basis, treats
these rebels as we commonly call them, these en-
emies, as enemies in war, open war, to be put
down according to the laws of war. That point
was, however, previously settled by another tri-
bunal. We are one of the family of nations.
Great Britain, with a hasty indecency, before the
facts were known, when our minister was on his
way to take his place at that court, a minister
whose very name should have commanded the
respect of Great Britain, recognized the insurgents
as belligerents; and France followed her example.
By that fact we are bound, as one of the family
of nations; arid after that acknowledgment by
Gieat Britain and Fiance we dared not treat the
rebels as simple insurgents, but we were bound
to wage the war against them according to the
laws of war. Each nation must decide thisques
lion of belligerent for itself. Gieat Britain did
decide it; France decided it; and we have con-
curred in that decision. Every department of
this Government has held the insurgents to be
belligeients, entitled to the benefit of the laws of
war, and the war must be waged against them
aceoidmg to the laws of civilized nations.
1 have heard m this Senate Chamber very often
the ridiculous idea that these people are our err-
ing brethren, insurgents, whom it is our duty
to conciliate with kindness. That is no longer
their condition. They are enemies, and we are
bound to treat them as enemies. We are bound
to wage war against them according to the laws
of war. We dare not treat them as insuigenis.
If Jefferson Davis should be captured to-morrow
he would be a prisoner of war, and we dare
not, acorn ding to the laws of war, until we put
down nil opposing force, hang him as a traitor.
That very principle was dccidcd early in this war
in the case of Geneial Buckner. Buckner was
not only a traitor to his country, the United States
at laige, but he was a traitor to Kentucky He
had inveigled the young men of that State into
an organization, and finally led them off into the
armies of the rebels. He was a traitor to Ken-
tucky as wellas to the United States,and the au-
thonties of Kentucky demanded him for trial, but
the national authoi itics veiy propeily said lhat
he was no longer an insuigent, and could no! be
treated by them accoidwg to the laws of Ken-
tucky, but he must bo ncated as an emmy, a
prisoner of vvai, according to the laws of war, to
be exchanged in due time, and he wasexehangrd.
We can no longer, then, consider these men as in-
surgents; and Senators who talk about, them as err-
ing brethren who must be coaxed and wheedled
and brought back to our embraces to their old place
in the Union by anythingbut force ot arms, mts-
undeistaud the legal relation thru now exists be-
tween us and these enemies. They aie no longer
etring brethren. We, as mcmbeis of acommon
community, owe that community obedience, alle-
giance, love, and affection, and wc are bound as
citizens to treat the open enemies of our country
as our personal enemies.
Mr. President, the effect of civil war in substi-
tuting new laws for our Government is stated v< ry
deaily by Valtci, and at the nsk of being wean-
some i will read an extiact:
thai! pronounce on which'side the right or wrong lies? On
earth they have no common supeiior. They stand there-
fore in precisely the same predicament as two nations who
engage in a contest, and, being unable to come to agree-
ment, have lecour^e to arms."—Vattcl, page 425.
The Constitution of the United States now fur-
nishes no guide. There are no rules prescribed
in the Constitution pointing out how we shall
treat public enemies who are regarded as such.
The Constitution only deals with people in a
state of peace, or, at most, in a state of insurrec-
tion. It does not define our relations or our du-
ties to enemies. When these people assumed the
power and position of enemies, you could no
longer look in the Constitution of the United
States, or to the laws made in pursuance thereof,
for the mode and manner in which you should
treat them. This principle is clearly laid down
itifcthe laws of nations. By their unity, by their
vigor, by their strength they have won the posi-
tion of enemies, and you cannot treat them as in-
surgents. Civilized society would not allow you
to treat these enemies, who by their vigor and
courage have held you at bay for nearly three
yeais,as common insurgents or traitors and felons.
You must treat them asenemies. The legal con-
sequences that grow out of this lelation I shall
follow up hereafter.
The samedoctiine which I have quoted from
Vattel is laid down inWheaton's International
Law, a work of more modern date, but 1 will not
read the quotation. It is also laid down by the
Supreme Court in the decision to which I have
already referred, and from which I shall take the
liberty of reading another extract. The counsel
for the defendants insisted that these people in the
South were simply insurgents, and that therefore
the blockade, which was the matter m controversy,
was not-legal. The Supreme Court, after repeat-
ing the arguments of the counsel, go on to say:
'•This aigument tests on the assumption of two proposi-
tions each of which is without foundation on the estab-
lished law of nations. It assumes lhat wlicie a civil war
exists, the par ty belIigeicnt claiming to be sovereign cannot,
forborne unknown reason, cxorci.scthenghtso! belligerents,
although the revolutionary pam may. Heingsoveieign. he
can exercise only soveieign i iglus over the other pattv."
This is an argument 1 have heard adduced over
and over again in the Senate.
"The insurgent maybe killed on the battle-field, or bv
the executioner; Ins ptoperly on land may be confiscated
undei the municipal law ; but the commeice on the ocean,
which supplies the rebels with means to suppott the war,
cannot be made the subject of captute under the law.'of
wai, because it is 'unconstitutional!' Now, it is a propo-
sition never doubted, that the belligerent party who claims
to be so\cieigti may exeiei^e both belligeient and f-over-
eign right*, (see 4 Cr., 272.) Treating the other party as
a belligerent, and using only the milder modes of coercion
which"the law of nations has introduced to iniugate the
ngmsot war,cannot be a subjcctot complaint by the party
to whom it is accoided as a grace or granted as a necessity.
We have shown that a civil war such as that now waged
between the noithern and southern States is piopeily eon-
ducted according to the humane regulations of public law
as regards captmes on the ocean.
" Under the very peculiar constitution of this Govern-
ment, although the citizens owe suponx. allegiance to the
Federal Government, they owe also a qualified allegiance
to the State in which they aie domiciled. Then peisous
and propel ty ate subject to its laws,
u Hence, in oiganizing tln-^ ichellion, they have aitod as
Stiitcs c (aiming to be soveicign ovet all poisons and prop-
eiiy within then respective limits, and as--citing a i ight lo
ab-ulve their eiti/,ens fiom their allegiance to the Fedeial
Government. Seveial ot these States hnve combined to
I'oim a now con.edeiacv, claiming to be neknowJedped by
the woi Jd a* a sovereign State. Then i jght to do so is now
being decided by wagei of battle. The poitsand temtory ot'
caeli of the>e States ateJieid in hostility to the General
Government. It is no loo&e, unorganized inaunection,
having undefined boundary oi po-session. It has a bound-
ary maiked by lines ot bayonets, and which can be eio-.-ed
only hj foice; south ot this line is enemv's termory, be-
cause it is claimed and held in possession by an oigamzed,
hoMi!e, and belligeicnt powei."
The doctrine is heir laid down distinctly that an
insurgent may be killed on the battle-field or by
the executioner, that his propei ty on land may be
confiscated under the mumci pui law, and his prop-
erty on the ocean mav be seized and taken as that
of a public enemy. The pat ticular case was one of
seizute on the ocean, and the sc izure was held to
be legal, and the pioperty was divided among the
captois according to our law foi the disti ibution of
captures taken from the public enemies.
.Now, Mr. President, l< t us apply these piin-
ciples to the bill before us. We air in war. Have
"Advil wai ht< aks t'ie hands of society and "-wrn-
m-nt. o  nt Ica^tsuspend* their tou-cynd < ^Tect; it piVclnc-."
in the nation two independent pasties, who consider each
othei as enemies. 'u>d acknowledge no common nnge.
Those two puiiies, Meiefoie. must ncce--;>aiiiv becon-idcicd
as th-°nc fonvaid con^ituiin?, nt h.a.-t 'bra tune, two sepa-
rate bodies, t'voriistmct societic*. Though oneof thep.tr-
ties may have been to bfame in breaking the unity of'the
State and ie-;Knng the lawful authonty, they .lie not the .
leas divided in fact. Besides, who cnai! judge them ? who it Have we a right in accoi dance with the laws of
we the light in war as egsinsl public enemies to
emancipate then slaves? llavo wea ne;htaccord~
ing to the luws of war to employ the sIn ves of our
own einzens in arms against the public enemy?
