3438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
State of Pennsylvania that is claiming, to be re-
imbursed for moneys expended by her. By an
express engagement between the War Depart-
ment and certain individuals and corporations in
the State of Pennsylvania they advanced the
money to pay the troops, and now they ask to
be paid. It is not the State that asks to be paid.
If it were the State, perhaps 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania allow me to ask a question ?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS, if the two Senators from New
York, instead of the State, had advanced the
•money to pay the volunteers that went from that
State to defend Pennsylvania, would they have
been willing to give up the claim?
Mr. COWAN. That is a fair statement of the
case as it actually stands. If it were the State of
Pennsylvania who had her own troops and was
coming here asking to be reimbursed, in the
present state of affairs I should not insist that it
should be done, because perhaps she could wait
as well as the General Government. But this is
not a claim of the State; it is a claim, in the lan-
guage of the Secretary of War, of patriotic in-
dividuals and corporations who came forward in
this emergency and agreed to substitute them-
selves in the place of the United States in order
to raise the means to pay men to repel this inva-
sion.
Under these circumstances, I cannot conceive
why it is that Pennsylvania is brought forward
as attempting to procure for herself some advant-
age which has not been yielded to other Stales.
Pennsylvania has done no such tiling. At the
same time I have only to say that claims of the
same kind on the part of the States have hereto-
fore been recognized by the Senate. It is not a
very great while ago since the honorable Senator
from Ohio procured, with very little difficulty,
an appropriation to pay for troops called into the
service for a special emergency in that State. I
think he got an appropriation for some paiticular
regiment.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was only a regiment
regularly mustered into the service of the United
States,' but there was some defect in the nnisier
roll. I will state to the Senator from lYnribyl-
vania that the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky would embrace what are called the
equiirel-hunters of Ohio, and there aie about sixty
thousand of them. The Slate of Ohio never pie-
sen ted and never intended to present a claim for
those people. Each soldier called out in that in-
vasion of Kentucky was presented by the State
with a handsome plate, and I have no doubt the
soldiers who responded to that call would miller
keep that plate and have it untarnished by receiv-
ing pay for those sot vices; but the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky would embrace the
cases of ail the regiments called into active service
at that time.
Mr. DOGLITTLE. How much would it
amount to ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It would amount to mil-
lions. 1 cannot say how much. They were there
some time.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I give notice that when
the bill shall be reported to the Senate I shall
move to amend my amendment, by limiting it to
Kentucky alone, and by limiting it Anther that
the amount paid under it shall not oxcoed #20,000.
Mr. COWAN. In answer to what has been
said by the Senator from Ohio, I have only to
say that the troops in this case taised to repel the
invasion of Pennsylvania by General Lee were
regularly mustered into the service of the United
States, wore her uniform, bore her arms, carried
her flag, and were liable under her Articles of
War. There is no technical difficulty then on that
score. They have been paid. The accounts
have been audited in the proper Department here
at Washington. If there be objections to the
section offered by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, every gentleman is at liberty to assail
that section without attempting to prevent the fair
operation of the first section as now amended, of
which I am unwilling to complain if the proper
sum be paid in oidei to meet those claims.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that this bill be post-
poned until die fust Monday in December next.
Mr. BROWN. I wish the Senator from Iowa
would withdraw his motion fora moment to allow
me to offer an amendment as an additional sec-
tionfone that has been contemplated, and I sim-
ply desire to discharge my duty to my State in
the premises. Then, if the Senate shall see fit to
postpone the bill, my proposition can be consid-,
ered when it again comes up.
Mi .GRIMES. Very well*, puton youramend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator withhold his
amendment for the present in order that 1 may
offer an additional section?
Mr. COWAN. I have no objection to the
amendment being offered, but I do not want it to
displace mine.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, if there be no objection.
Mr. BROWN. I move to add the following
as an additional section to the bill:
JJnd be it further enactcd, That all sums paid out by any
State and all arrearages due to any in rlrtia troops employed
under the direcuonofany military commander m suppress-
ing hostilities oi defending the State from invasion shall be
paid to said State upon rendering proper voucher* therefor
to the TieaMuy Drpaitimmt, and the accounting officers
arc (hi ee ted to audit I he same and pay it out of any money
in the Trea«uiy not otherwise appropihired.
In offering this additional section, I desire to
state that in my own State the militia have been
serving for two years and doing the work that
should propel ly belong to the United States troops
and have received no pay. What pay they have
got has been in the shape of State warrants.
It is necessary for them to go out again. The
whole amount against the Treasury, as I am in-
formed, now exceeds the sum of $4,500,000. I
know of no State more deserving to be reimbursed
than the State of Missouri, andl cannot see a bill
of this sort go by without making an effort to get
that reimbursement to my own State. I submit
I lie amendment, and now the SenatoiWom Iowa
can make his motion jf he desires to do so.
Mr. POMEROY. I am in favnrof theamend-
ment moved by the Senator from Missouri, and
have precisely such an amendment for ray own
State. I did not suppose, however, thai it was ex-
pedient to undertake to present a claim of this kind
at this session. I think the old State of Penn-
sylvania, the State of New York, and the State
of Now Jersey, whose bonds are worth more i*n
the market to-day than the bonds of the United
Stales, could afford to wait a little while. The
pnoplo of my own State have had to wait. Not-
withstanding one half of our whole voting popu-
lation was in the United States service, we kept
up a miiiUaforcc last year on the line of the State
who were not mustered into the United States ser-
vice but would come in under the amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky. They have not been paid
except what pay the State has rendered to them;
but they should be paid. Their claim is just and
fair and comes within the rule in the amendments
moved by the Senator from Kentucky and the
Senator from Missouri. I did notsuppose, how-
ever, that claims of this kind would be presented
or paid at this session. If the bill should not be
postponed till the next session I shall insist upon
an amendment to pay them.
Mr. GRIMES. I now renew my motion to
postpone this bill until the first Monday of De-
cember next. I simply desire to state that there
nro tioops in my State situated precisely as is
the case in Kentucky, in Missouri, in Pennsyl-
vania, 1 take it, in New Jersey, and in alt these
States. Three regiments were called out in Iowa
in order to put down an insurrection or to assist
m suppressing the rebellion m Missouri. They
have been waiting for two years for their pay. I
am content that they shall continue tu wait, and
so are the people of my State, until some propi-
tious time shall airive when bills of this kind can
be paid.
Mr. TRN EYCTC. I shall make no resistance
to this motion; but I beg leave to say in a few
words that the State of New Jersey has not
pressed a claim upon the General Government,
and that is proved by the fact that she has filed
no claim with the War Departmentand has asked
noadjustmentof that claim up to the present hour.
But standing here as a representative of that
State, when I saw the State of Pennsylvania pre-
senting (as she had a perfect right to do, and as
I think is perfectly just) a claim to be paid for
the services rendered by her troops for the com-
mon defense of all the North, I thought the troops
from my State who had been called into that same
service by the urgent appeals of the Executive
ofPennsylvania and the Secretary of War should
be put upon the same footing, and that if a bill
was to,be passed at the present session of Con-
gress to pay the Penrsylvania troops the troops
of New York and New Jersey should also be
provided for in the same measure. It was for.
that reason that I introduced the substitute for
tiiis bill including the State of New York. I do
not know that it was wise or discreet on my part
to include New York. I am inclined to believe
it was very unwise, because I have put a mill-
stone about my neck which is to affect the inter-
est of my State.
But, sir, I am perfectly willing that this whole
subject shall be postponed. I am not only will-
ing that it shall be postponed, but as a citizen of
New Jersey i would advise the people of that State,
in case no other claim is to be presented, to pre-
sent none. It was in fact a service rendered by
our troops in defense of the soil of our own State,
a service which had become indispensably neces-
sary in case Lee had overcome Meade on the
banks of the Susquehanna, and the battle was
trembling in the balance; and so far as I am con-
cerned 1 would rejoice if this whole thing was
abandoned on the part'of these three States. The
State that I in part represent has but a small in-
terest in this matter and she could afford an offer-
ing of it to the General Government and will be
happy to do so if other States m the Union take
the same course. But if other States are to be
paid for the like services and under precisely simi-
lar circumstances, I should have been derelict m
my duty if I had sat quietly by and suffered a
bill to pass for the payment of a certain class of
these troops and not attempted to present the
claim of my State for the services of her troops
under precisely similar circumstances.
Mr. COWAN. It is mostextraordinary to me
that gentlemen v/ill still persist in supposing that
this is a claim on the part of Pennsylvania. It
is a claim on the part of certain corporations and
individuals of Pennsylvania for money advanced
by them upon the faith of the General Govern-
ment that an appropriation would be made to
repay them their money upon the first opportu-
nity. The State has not assumed to pay it. Penn-
sylvania as a State so far has nothing to do with
it in the world;" and the people who advanced
the money are to-day losing the interest upon
the amount advanced. The cases are not at all
analogous. I have no disposition to' say that
New Jersey should not be paid. I have no dispo-
sition to say that New York ought not to be paid.
I think all these claims should be paid. Whether
this is the proper time or not I cannot say; but
what I do say is this: they are not in the same
category with the persons contemplated to be paid
m the first section of this bill. They are wdi-°
viduals; they are persons, not States. It might
be well enough to say to a State, "You can wait
until the commencement of the next session;"
but,as was well suggested by the honorableSen-
ator from Kentucky, when you speak in that lan-
guage to an individual or to a private corporation
then it is another thing, because they may not be
able to wait, and particularly they may not beable
to wait when they are deriving no profit from the
investment of their money in this affair.
But, Mr. President, there is a higher principle
involved, if the people are to come forward in
emergencies and assist the Government, if the
corporations of the country are to do it, that Gov-
ernment must keep faith with them; and when the
j Executive and the Secretary of War enter into en-
; gagements of this kind I think it is the bounden
[ duty of the coordinate branch of this Government
; to make appropriations to carry out their engagc-
! rnents. If they do not. there is an end of all faith
j amongmen. If men nnd that their Government
I will not pay them what they agreed to pay, upon
! whom can they rely? I hope, therefore, the mo-
' tion to postpone will not be agreed tc^ but that
j this bill will be considered and such amendments
made to it as will do equal and exact justice to all
parties.
Mr. DAVIS. I have not asked compensation
for Kentucky in the amendment I have offered.
1 have notasked a dollar of "compensation for any
militia of that State. I have stated m a few words
