1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1487
perfect embodiment of barbarism—the barbarism
of fanaticism. lama slaveholder; and if I be-
lieved thi.it I had about me half the barbarism the
Senator has, I should be disposed to hide from
the civilized world. Bat, sir, let me go on with
the speech from which I am quoting:
Wat is utterly ineffectual to secure or advance the ob-
ject at which it professes to aim. The misery which U
excite-co!itiil>ute<i to no end, helps to establish no light,
and theicfoie in no respect determines between the
contending nations."
Why does the Senator carry on this war? Just
for the love of blood, havoc, public plunder, and
the destruction of human life? He boldly and
clearly and most perspicuously declared in 1845
that it never will effect its aim. Yet we find the
Senator in that most ridiculous attitude, at war
with himself. That is the barbarism that fanat-
icism teaches. It brings him into most striking
contradiction. Bat I will read alittle further from
the honorable Senator's most elaborate speech.
He says:
"Christianity forbids the whole custom of war."
Is the gentleman, in order to carry out his one
idea of destroying negro slavery, not only to
overthrow the fixed and firm principles of his life,
but is he to overthrow Christianity? The whole
system of Christianity is to go by the board be-
cause the Senator wishes to effect through the in-
strumentality of arms one single object—the abo-
lition of skrvery. He is willing to forego notonly
his former principles about human affairs, but to
overthrow the religion of the blessed Saviour
himself, to bring about that, to him, most desira-
ble of all objects.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts fur-
ther says on this subject of Christianity and war:
" It was not until Christianity became corrupted that its
followers became soldrei*, and its pire->fs learned to min-
ister at the altar of the God oi battles."
I admit with the Senator that many of the clergy
in his region of countiy have become very much
corrupted, because they pteach war and nothing
else; but i suppose the honorable Senator is will-
ing to see not only the church and ihe clergy, but
everything else, conupted to cany out this one
idea, j have sometimes fallen in among; that de-
seiiption of preachers who deliver nothing but po-
litical essays. I never heard oru-1 of thatdesctip-
tion but once. When I go into a church and the
minister commences preaching in that way, I sit
and listen out of the respect i have for the name
of Christianity, i do not rise and leave because
the thing is offensive to me, but 1 remain until
the services are concluded. But, sir,'I never go
back to thatchurch again; for I think the Chris-
tian minister that doeanotpieach Christand Ilim
crucified pollutes the pulpit in which he stands,
and is an unworthy servant of that blessed Mas-
ter who is the King of peace.
But, Sir, let us go on a little further in this ad-
dress of the Senator. Here is an extract upon
civil war. The Senate will remember that these
extracts that f lead from the honorable Senator's
speech are general propositions. He says:
"The soul tremble* aplfa^t as we contemplate fields
drenched in fiatemal pom. where the happiness of home?
has been sbiveied by the unfuondly nrimof neighbor, and
kinsmen have Mink beneath the steel nervetfbya kins-
man'!- hand. Tins is civil war, which stands nceuiscd for-
ever in the calendar ol time."
Great God ! the Senator from Massachusetts
says that civil war stands accuiscd in all the an-
nals of time. Why, sir, he sometimes speaks of
this as a war of Massachusetts. To continue:
"Hut the niu^e of hMury, in th" faithful record of tho
fntmouan-aetion-,of nations,inspired by a new and lofiter
justice, and touched to finer sensibilities, shall extend to
the genetal sonow^of univuual man the mpathy still
pioftisd> shed for the selfish sorrow of the country, and
thall pienounee international u ar to be civil war, and the
paitiikeis in it a-> traitor- to God and enemies to man.'5
Here the Senator declares that those who par-
take in the^e civil wars, or in international wais,
which he says are civil wars, are tiaitois to God
and enemies to man. Why,sir, to take the Sen-
ator's own position here as true, he stands to-day
a traitor to God and an enemy to man. And yet
that Senator is forever prating about the barba-
rism of slavery. Had it not been for the eternal
ringing of that woid m my ear i would not have
put the Senator to the ciuel torluieof quoting to-
day his ptinciples which he now stands up and i
opet.ly violates. j
The Senate will bear me witness that this is the I
first time since I have been a member of the body
that I have attempted even to resist or cast back
these accusations upon the section of country
from which 1 came. They are distasteful to me;
but, sir, there is a point beyond which forbear-
ance ceases to be a virtue, and I think we have
reached that point.
Let me read one other sentence from this ad-
dress. .The Senator says:
"A man is higher than the beasts of the field; as the an-
gel.s are higher than man; as Christ is higher than Mars;
u-> he that iiiletli his s-puit is highei than lie that taketh a
city, so are the victories of peace higher than the victories
of war."
That is very handsomely said, and in the main
it is veiy true. The Senator then goes on to in-
veigh against standing armies. He speaks of the
vast expense of maintaining them, and quotes a
table of expenses of other countries; and yet that
Senator is engaged here in a war. When I say
he is engaged in a war I will do the Senator the
justice to say that he only advocates it on his
lips; he advocates it here by word, by speech, by
letter. He attempts to fire the hearts of the peo-
ple everywhere to join in this crusade. The hon-
orable Senator does not go where he would hear
the rattle of small-arms or smell gun powder. Were
I for this war as ferociously as that Senator is, I
think * would take up a musket and go into the
field. But 1 am opposed to the war (though I do
not intend to discuss that) for the reasons! have
so often stated here.
I have not much faith ki the sincerity of those
who always preach war and ne.verfight. It would
be better for them to fight a little, and then people
will think they are in earnest. The Senator is
willing that other people's blood shall be shed.
He is willing that a million of the young men of
the country shall be sacrificed. He is willing (hat
the whole land shall be laid in mourning, that the
weeds of the widow and the tears of the orphan
shall everywhere be seen. He is willing that the
hard earnings of the laboi ing man, though his wife
and children may be starving, shall be wrenched
from him by the ruthless hand of the tax-gatherer
in order to defray the expenses of this war, raid
to pay the interest on the immense debt that is
accruing. All these tilings he is willing to see for
the purpose of carrying out a fanatical idea. That
he boasts of; that he gloats over; but, sir, he
never seeketh the battle even afar off. He does
not go within sound of the dium and life; nor is
he like the wat-horse that smelltth the battle afar
off. I repeat I have not much confidence in the
sincerity of that description of patriots.
Mr. President, 1 have said all I intend to say
on this matter. It was not my purpose to open
ray mouth on this amendment. 1 had determined
to content myself with the very elaborate speeches
made by my colleague, the Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Saulsbuuy,] and the Senator from In-
diana, [Mr Hendricks;] but, sir, such wctelhe
inconsistencies of the Senator s fi om New England
to whom I haven feirrd,such wric their oasaults
upon the Democratic paity,sueh wen1 their as-
saults upon my own State,that I felt called upon
to say a word in their vindication. In doing that f
thought it hut i ight tliot I should allow the Senator
from Massachusetts to look into his own mirror,
and hence 1 have held up the speech he made some
tune ago to his vision.
Mr. "HARLAN. Before the Senator's mind is
diverted from this subject, I ilesiic him to reconcile
a vote that he gave not long since, with the very
remai kable passage of his present speech in which
he denounced very severely, if 1 understand the
purport of his language, supposed infringements
of the freedom of speech. In the Congiessional
j Globe for the first session of the Thirty-Sixth !
' Congress, pai t three, page 1937, 1 find the follow- i
i ing-: |
'•Mr. Harlan. Willi the con-cut of the Senator from !
Mis-n-Mjipi, i propose to ofler a,! amendment to ibe second j
r< --ol ;uurn of the senes, by msei tin? at the end ot it the ml- !
lowing: i
" Ijiir the fieo di^cu^sion ot the morality and expediency !
of slavery t-iiall novci be mteifcred with by The ImvhOi any J
State or of the United States; and tin; freedom of speech I
and of the pre^-s, on this and every other.-abject of domes-
tic and national policy, should bo maintained inviolate in
ali the States.''
On page 2301 of the spmc volume of the Globe
I find the following:
c'TIie rjues-tion bring taken on the amendment of Mr,
Harlan by yeas mid nays, resulted—yeas 50j nays 3d; as
follows.:"
I will read the negative vote:
li na.ys—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Brown,
Chesnuu Clay, Cliritmm, Crittenden, Davis, Fitzpatrick,
G: etn,Gwrii, Hammond. Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, John-
son of Ai kan<afi, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane,
Latham, Mallorv,Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell,
Pugh, iUce, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson, Toombs? Wigfall,
and Yulee—36."
The language is as I have read: -*
" But the free discussion of the morality and expediency
of siaveiy shall never be interfered with by the laws of
any State or of the United States; and the" freedom of
i-peeeh and ofthe press, on this and eveiy other subject of
domestic and national policy, &hould be maintained invio-
late in ali the States."
And theSenator voted "nay." EveryDemocrat
in the Senate, including the Senator from Ken-
tucky, voted in the negative.
Mr. POWELL. There is a very striking dif-
ference between the object of that resolution and
the free discussion of political acts. The scope
of that resolution would have been to send per-
sons down into the slave States to preach insur-
rection to their slaves. I suppose that actuated
every man who voted against it. i would vote
" nay" again on that resolution. I voted right.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish toofferan amend-
ment to the proposed amendment of the Consti-
tution as a substitute.
The ViCE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on agreeing to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to have Sena-
tors understand that amendment, and, as I have
said, I make il rathev in the form of suggestion
than proposition, if 1 understand from my friend
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee that he
is strongly inclined against it, I certainly have
no desire to press it. If the Chair will be good
enough, 1 should like to have it read for the in~
formation of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will he read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out the first and second sections of article thirteen
as reported by the committee, and to insert:
Spr. I. Ail peisons are free [equal] before the law, so
that no pen-on can hold another a*s a t-lave; and the Con-
gress may make all laws necessary and proper to carry this
article into effect everywhere within the United States and
the jurisdiction thereof.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, Mr. President, the state
of the question is this. The Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Henderson] offered a proposition in
this form:
Art. 1. Slavcty or involuntary seiviiude, except as a
punishment for enure, shall not exist in the United States.
Aivr. 'i. The Congress, whenever a majority ot the mem-
bers elected to each flou^e shall deem it necessary, maj
purpose amendments to the Constitution, or, on the appli-
cation oi the Legislatures of a majouty ofthe seveial States,
shall call a convention for piopo.-in^ amendments, which
in either case shall be valid, to all intents and purposes, as
putt ofthe Constitution, when mtified by the Legislature^
oi two thirds of the eeveial States., or by conventions iu
two thud'- thereof, as the one or the other mode of xatifica-
uon may be propu.-r.l by Congress
It will be observed that this proposition of the
Senator from Missouri is twofold: the first ar-
ticle applies to the matter which has been under
discussion in this debate, the prohibition of sla-
very; the second, to a proposition which is not
necessarily associated with it. I believe, from what
has occurred, the Senate is agreed in confining:
what we do now to the first proposition. I must
say I accept that idea completely. 1 think the
first proposition should be acted upon absolutely
by itself alone, and therefore howevermuch I may
be tempud by other propositions, as I must con-
fess I was by one or two of the propositions of the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] the other
day, yet I was not disposed to be diverted or
turned aside from that great original proposition
which it should be now our object to introduce
into the Constitution.
I make this comment on the first proposition
which we have before us, that of the Senator from
Missouri, in order to explain why I should be
against that in the form in which it stands; but
if we .should go to the first article of the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Missouri, I am free to
say that in some respects I think it better than
the article proposed by thu committee. It is as
follows:
Slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a punish-
me,it foi eiimt, shall not exist in the United States.
it is simpler than the proposition of the com-
mittee, to which I now come. That lsas follows;
ART. 13, SEC. 1,—
