1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
war to emancipate them and their families, those
that are connected with them by domestic ties?
These arc the questions. 1 have already passed
over the principal difficulty in the way, and that
is the argument so often made that we are re-
strained fiom doing this because these enemies
arc our fellow-citizens. I have shown you that
the men in rebellion have won a position beyond
the reach of yourConstitution; that our war with
them must be tested by the laws of war; and
these questions must be decided by the laws of
war as recognized and practiced among civilized
nations in ancient and modern times. That is
the position which 1 hold.
Then, by the laws of war, have we a right to
arm our own slaves, and to arm the slaves of our
enemies and emancipate them? Now, sir, I say
that theie never was a country in the world, in
ancient or modern times, which held slaves, that
did not at some period of its history arm them,
and employ them against the common enemy; and
there never was a case where, when those sUves
were so employed, they were not emancipated.
Tin's proposition, I think, will be sustained by the
most careful examination of history. Slaves
fought for the Greeks on the battle-field of Mara-
thon ; and to the credit of the Athenians they were
emancipated for their services. The Spm tans
marched with their Helots into the battle-field.
The Thessalian mountain Pencstaj were bond-
servants. There were many slaves on board of
the Athenian fleet at the successful naval engage-
ment before the islands Arginusae, and as the honor
of the victory belonged to them, it is to the credit
of the Athenians that they emancipated them and
invested them with all the rights of Platcean citi-
zenship. The Helots attended the Cai thagmians
as light-armed tioops; and on the battle-field of
Plaicca theic were thnty-five thousand Helots to
five thousand Spartans. The warlike habits of
the Thessalians imposed upon their .slaves the
duty of following them to the army. During the
Peloponnesian warasmglccitizen ofThessaty put
twelve thousand of them at the disposal of Athens.
And when Jason of Pherae strove to gain the as-
cendant over Greece, he counted upon the slaves
to equip the vessels with which he disputed the
empire of the seas with the Athenians.
The right of emancipation denied to individ-
uals was exeicised by the State. The supreme
authority and traces of its exercise pervade the
cntiie history of Sparta. Seven hundied Helots
were uvisud to the rank of Hoplites and placed
under Brasidas as general, who employed them to
aid in the conquest of the cities of Tin ace. Thiee
or four hundred Athenians were, a little later, sent
to the succqj- of Syracuse, and when Epaminon-
das threatened the Spartans at their own hearth-
stones they brought out as auxiliaries a thousand
recently emancipated Helots. Accoiding to Xcno-
phon, liberty was offered to all those who \olun-
teeied to defend the republic, and in an instant
more than mx thousand were enrolled. During
the piotracted and often renewed wais between
the Spartans and the Athenians slaves were much
employed as help to one belligerent or hinderance
to another. Thus we learn from Xenophon that
when the Spartan general Callicatridas had cap-
tured the town of Methymna, in Lesbos, the
whole of the property there was plundered by the
soldiers, but all the slaves Callicatridas collected
into the market-place, and when his aliies urged
him to sell the Methymneans also, he said that
while he was commander none of the Greeks
shouid be enslaved so far as he could prevent it.
The next day he set at liberty the freemen and
the Athenian garrison, and sold all the slaves that
were of s-n'vilc oiigin.
i know that many denominated slaves among
the Greeks were not strictly slaves, according
to our meaning of that term, but they weie sei-
vitois. i cannot stop to define the various kinds
of servitude known to Greece m ancient tunes,
but it appeal s that all the grades of fc.ia\ es ot [ser-
vitors fought for or against tin u* masters, and in
all cases won their freedom bvso doing. 1 shall
not stop now to discuss the dilT'nnco between
the slaves of Greece end our own sines b:'u ' se
I shall be able to quote more peitm; nt oxamphs.
My purpose is only to show tiiht among the
Greeks in all their wars, civil and foreign, on lend
and at sea, slaves wei e employed as soldiers, and
were always emancipated as the result of then
employment.
The Romans did the same from the very foun-
dation of then* Government. In the palmiest days
of the Roman republic they employed their slaves
as soldiers. There are many cases which I might
adduce; but there is one to which I will take the
liberty of referring particularly. In the war be-
tween, the Romans and the Catthaginians, which
was a desperate war for life or death, things as-
sumed that position after the battle of Cannae that
the Romans had either to submitto theCarthagi-
niansorthe Carthaginians to the Romans. Theie
was no longer room enough in this little world
of ours for those two rival nations, very much the
same condition in which we are now placed. Livy
tells us:
''•The urgent necessity and the scarcity of men of free
condition occasioned their adopting a new mod? of niishig
soldiers, and in an euiaordmary manner. They purchased,
with the public money, eight thousand stout younq slave*,
asking each whether he was willing to soive in the wars;
and then gave them anih.-''
And they did serve, and were emancipated. In
the same war, at a later period, under Tiberius
Sempronius:
<k In the mean time Tibet ins Semproniuss, (lie Roman con-
sul, aftei peifoimuig the puufic-ationof ins auny at Sinuos-
sa, wheiehe had appointed them to assemble, ciosmm! the
river Vulttnmis and encamped at Internum. Jic had in
this po-st no employment ioi Ins arms, he obliged the sol-
dieu lieifuemly logo through their exeieife that the re-
cuiits, of whom the gie.itest p<ut wi rc lolantcti starr*,
might leain from piaetice to follow the staiwl.ud* and to
know then own centuries in the field. In the midst ol these
employments the general's principal care was, and he ac-
cordingly gave ehaiges to the lieutenant* general and tri-
bunes, that' no repioaeh cast on any one on account ot hits
fonner condition should sow discord among the troops;
that the veleian e-oldiei should be. sati.^fied at being put on
a level with the reciuit. the fiee man with the volunteer
.-lave; that they should account evety one sufficiently hon-
orable ami well-born to whom the Roman people intrusted
then aim? and standatds Olwnving that, wlmtevci meas-
tnes fortune made it necessary to adopt, it was equally ne-
cessity to support these when adopted.'"
1 think this is very wise and pregnant advice
even to the people of our own time. Still another
case, to show how these soldiers fought in battle
when the idea of liberty was held out to them. In
the same war, under duinhus Fabins:
" The lesions which he had with bun coiiM&ted mostly of
voluntoci sKvo< who had chosen lathei to ment their lib-
erty in silence, by the seivice o! a second yai. than to ic-
quest it openly. He had observed, howt \ei, as he was
leaving bis winter quaite^, that th<% tioops on their march
began to murmur, asking whether 1 they were evei to serve
as tree citizens?' 13e had, however, wntten to the senate,
insisting not so much on their wishes as on their merits,
deelai ing that{ he had ever found them faithful and brave
in the sei vice; and that, excepting a nee eomlition, they
wanted no qualification of complete soldiei* 5 Authoi itv was
given htm lo act in ili.it Inisin•!!« he hitn-r II .-hould judge
conducive to the good ot the public. Beiore he resolved
upon eoimnfr to an engagement, therefore, he ga\e public
notice that the tune u a- 4 now come w in n the) might ob-
tain the libei ty w Inch they had so l.mg wi-hed f<>i ; that he
intended next day to engage the entinv in regular battle, in
a clear, opi n plain, wheie. without any leai ot stratagems
the businc-i mijriit be decid< d In the meie dint of valor.
Eveiy man then who should bt ma home the head of an en-
, | em^hc would instantly, by ins own authority, set her: and
| j every one who should let) cat f.em Ins post he would pnn-
Jj i^h in the same manner a> a slave. IiV<:ry man's h>t now
J | depended upon ln< own exertion ; and. a^ecui ify foi their
j obtaining their fieedom, not he lum^elf -tood pledged, hut
|i the Uon ul Maicellu*, and even the whole senate, who,
1 having been eon. uhed by him on the s-ubjuet ot then tiee-
'! doni, had authoiized ium to determine in the cave.' fie
! then read the consul's lettei and the decree of tire senate,
! on which a universal shout of joy wa5- raised. They erigeily
j demanded the fisht. and ardentlv pressed him to give the
' signal iir-tantly. Gi.ieehusgave noticelhat they should be
J gratified on the !ollowmgda\ .and then di.-iiiifped the .is^em-
] hly. The foldioi evulUng With joy. e-pceiaih tho-^e who
' w<;re to receive hhem n- the puee oi then active elloits for
j one day, spent the re-t of their tunc until night in getluisi
! their .111115 in lOadme^."
j I intend to follow nut this occasion, and show
; the eflrct of the promise of emancipation on those
slaws, who weie blocks, as will appear m the
couise of the narrative:
£;><e\r day, a- soon v the trumpet* becan to <-01111(1 to
battle, the above-trie a tinned men. the In -1 of all, a-seinbh d
round the geneial = quaitei-. ieadv and niai-haied tor the
tJUht. -N sijjiin «■ Giai i. !i led out his 11 oop- to the fi.-ld,
nor did the encim hc-uatp ft  meet him. Their fnieeeon-
1 :-i:-t"dolVevpnteen thousand fuot, nio.mlv Bnittiniir and Lu-
c<tn.rUi«, and f^clve thousand hoiso, among whom \N'eie
; voiv fe\N Italians. Almo t all the ruU s\ ciq x.'inniJi-ms avd
! A'ooj s/'
i If tluue is any distinction on account of color, :
j w hem 11" v<: tho ( aso of Xumi'lnuns Ju'> 1 .s j
fi^hlmg for their ty. |
A Sekaior. They were not negroes,
ilr. S^IERAIA-N". The distinction between i
ihem and negroes 1 loavs? to others whose sight !
is very leiin^d. i
" ihccGnnict .'.a^ nerce and loiie, daimghams neith-1 ■
tide' gained any advantage, and no circumstance proved,a
greater impediment to the success of the Uomnns than from
the heads of the cnerm being made the price of liberty j
for when any had valiantly slain an opponent Jie lost tune,
first in cutting off the head, which could uot be readily ef-
fected in the midstof the crowd and tumult, and Uteri his
right hand being employed m securing it, the bravest cas^d
to take part in the fight, and the contest devolved on the
inactive and dastardly. The military tribunes now repre-
sented to Gracchus that the soldiers were not employed in
wounding any of the Piiemy who stood on theii Jogs, but
in maiming those who had fallen; and instead of theirown
swords in their hands they carried the heads of tiie slain.
On which he commanded them to give oiders with all haste
that < they should throw away the heads and attack the en-
emy; that their courage was sufficiently evident and con-
spicuous, and that such brave men need not doubt of lib-
erty.' The fight was then revived, and the cavalry also
were ordered to charge ; these were briskly encountered by %
the Nunudians, and the battleot the horse was maintained
with no less vigor than that of the foot; so that the event
of the day again became doubtful, while the commanders
on both sides vilified their adversaries in the most con-
temptuous terms; the Iloinanspenknigtohissoidiersnfthe
Lucanians and Bruttian* as men so often defeated and sub-
dued by their ancestors; and the Carthaginian of the Ro-
mans a-? slaves, soldiets taken out of the work-house. At
la^t Gracchus proclaimed that his men had no room to hope
for hbeiry unle&s the enemy were routed that day aud
driven oflf the field.
"These words so effectually inflamed their courage that,
as if they had been suddenly transformed into other men,
they renewed the shout and bore down on the enemy with
an impetuosity which it was impossible long to withstand.
Fust the Carthaginian vanguard, then the battalions, were
thrown info contusion; at last the whole line was forced
to give way; they then plainly turned their backs and fled
precipitately into their camps, in such terror arid dismay
that none of them made a stand, even at the gates or on
the rampart."—Bahet >s Zin/'s Rome, vol. 3.
The Romans gained a complete victory, and Ti-
berius Gracchus in an imposing spectacle, which
is here described at great length,gave them their
freedom and secured it to them forever. It was
afterwards secured permanently by a decree of
the Roman senate. There are many cases of this
kind in Roman history. It is full of examples
where slaves fought for their freedom. Cato used
them at the defense of Utica, and required their
masters to emancipate them. Plutarch is full of
examples of the kind. Tacitus, in the later pe-
riods of Roman history, recites many similar ex-
amples. In the republic, in the empire, in their
civil wars, in their foreign wars,slaves wereused,
and in every case they were emancipated. The
distinction 111 the chaiacter of the slaves, whether
white or black, was never made. The Romans
held different degrees of slaves, and of various na-
tions. Some of the Germans, many ofthe Asiatic
nations, and many of the African tribes were held
as slaves. There was no distinction ever made
between them on account of their color. Their
condition, not their color, fixed their slavery.
But, str, this employment of slaves in the rail-
itaiy set vice was not confined to ancient times, •
At the present day they are used by many nations.
On a recent occasion in the Spanish colony of
Cuba, with a population of one half slaves, a mi-
litia of free blacks and mulattoes was directed by
Geneial Pezuela to be organized in 1854 through-
out the lbland, and it was put upon an equal foot-
ing with legard toprivilege with the regulararmy.
This measure was not rescinded by Governor
Geneial Concha m 1855, but the black and mulatto
tioops have been made a permanent corps of the
Spanish army in this slaveholdingisland. So with
the Poituguese. Slaves have been used by the
Portuguese in their wars; and now in the Portu-
guese colonies on thecoastofAfiica the regiments
are composed chiefly of black men. So atPrince5s
island, St. Thomas, Loanda, and many other
places wheie they hold colonies, their soldiers are
negroes. In the Dutch colony on the Gold Coast
of Africa with a population of one hundred thou-
sand, the garrison ofthe fortress consists of two
hunched soldiers, whites, mulattoes, and blacks,
undera Dutch colonel. In the capital ofthe French
colony in the Senegal on the same coast, at St.
Louis, the defense of the place is in the hands of
eight hundred white and three hundred black sol-
dieis. hi the Danish island ofSt Croix,in the
West Indies, for more than twenty-live years past
theie have been employed two corps of colored
.soldieis in the presence of slaves. So in Brazil,
«o in Turkey. Our En^h^h friends, who were so
cagei to recugm/.o the belligerent powers of the
confederacy, also employ manumitted slaves. The
Btitish army stationed in the West Indies con-
sists of foui 1 egimcnts. Tho.se icgimcnts, the last
of which was taiwed in 1*362, were formerly re-
cruited exclusively fiom liberated Africans, that
its. from negroes captuiedon the slave traders voy-
