1488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8.
It will be observed that it is in two sections—
Neither slavery norinvoiuntary servitude, except as a pun-
ishment tor crime, whereof tiie paity shall have been duly
convicted—
Which I must say I think here is verbiage en-
tirely. -There is no need of having it in a consti-
tutional proposition—
shall exist within the United States, or any place subject
to their jurisdiction.
Sec. 2. Congress shall ha?c power to enforcc this article
by appropriate legislation.
On the face of that article I object to it, first,
inasmuch as it is in two sections when I think it
ought to be in one. I have already before men-
tioned that in this respect it goes against the pre-
cedent ofthe Constitution itself. Inarticlefourof
the Constitution we have section one as follows:
" Pull faith and creditshall be given in each State to the
public acts, records, ami judicial pioceedmgs of every
•State, and the Congiesss"—
It will be observed that the Constitution speaks
of Congress as " the Congress," putting the arti-
cle before it—
"and the Congress? may by gencm! laws ptesciibc the
manner in which such acts, records, and proceedings shall
be proved and the effect tlicieof."
It seems to me, in point of form, that it is bet-
ter that these two sections should be molded into
one.
But then my objection to it is, further, if this
amendment in this first particular, which is com-
paratively unimportant, be secured, it seems to
me the language is not happy. I do not know
that I shall have the concurrence of other Sena-
tors in the criticism which I make upon it; but I
understand that it starts with the idea of repro-
ducing the JeiFersonian ordinance. I doubt the
expediency of reproducing that ordinance. It
performed an excellent work in its day; butthere
are words in it which are entirely inapplicable to
our time. That ordinance I will read, it is as
follows;
"Thete shall neither slavery nor involuntary seivi-
tude in the said Ten itory otherwise than in the punishment
of enmes whereof the party bUnll have been duly con-
victed."
This ordinance, in precisely these words, was
reproduced at a later day, in the very important
act by which Misuoun was admitted into the
Union, containing the well-known prohibition
which afterwards caused such debate.
There are words here, 1 have said, which are
entirely inapplicable to'our tune. They are the
limitation, " otherwise than in the punishment of
crimes whereof the party shall have been duly
convicted." Now, unless i err, there is an im-
plication from those words that men may be en-
slaved as a punishment of cumes whereof they
shall have been duly convicted. There was a
reason, I have said, for that at the time, for I
understand that it was the habit in certain parts
ofthe country to convict persons or to doom them
as slaves for life as a punishment for crime, and
it was not proposed to prohibit this habit. But
slavery in ourday is something distinct, perfectly
well known, requiring no words of distinction
outside of itself. Why, therefore, add "nor in-
voluntary servitude otherwise than in the punish-
mentof crimes wheieof the party shall have been
duly convicted ?" To my mind they are entirely
surplusage. They do no good there, but they
absolutely introduce a doubt.
In placing a new and important text into our
Constitution, u seems to me we cannot be too
careful in the language we adopt. We should
consider well that the language that we adopt here
in this Chamber to-day will m all probability be
adopted in the other House, and it must be adopt-
ed, also, by thtee fourths of the Legislatures of
the States. Once having passed this body, it is
substantially beyond correction. Therefore, it
seems to me, we have every motive, the strongest
inducement in the world, to make that language
as perfect as possible.
I say[,' therefore, that I object to the Jeffersonian
ordinance even if it were presented here in its
original text. But now I am brought to the point
that the proposition of the committee is not the
Jefiersonian ordinance,except m its bad feature.
In othi r lt'.spcc^s, it discards the language of the
JefFeisontan ordinance and also its collocation of
words. The language of the committee is as
follows:
Neither sla\eir n«r involuntary servitude, except as a
pHrtiatomem for whereof ihe ;>Tr?y s>b.UI have been
duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any
place subject to their jurisdiction.
The Senate will observe what to my ear is a
discord, the introduction of those two "shalls"
so near together; but that is not of great import-
ance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They are both in theJeffer-
sonian ordinance.
Mr. SUMiNER. But they are further apart,
and the whole effect is entirely different. As I
have said already, the language of the ordinance
is, "There shall be." Mark the beginning as
compared with that of the committee. The com-
mittee say, "Neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude," &c. The ordinance says, "There
shall be"—the word of prohibition coming first,
at the outset—"neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude in the said Territory otherwise than in
the punishment of crimes whereofthe party shall
have been duly convicted;" whereas the com-
mittee say, "Neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude, except as a punishment for crime,
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted,
shall exist within the United States, or any place
subject to their jurisdiction."
If Senators desire the Jeffersonian ordinance, I
say let us take it in its original form as it appears
in that ordinance, and was subsequently repro-
duced in the Missouri statute; do not let us take
itin this modified form, which, while pretending
to be the JeiFersonian ordinance, is not the Jeffcr-
sonian ordinance except in that feature which I
think, if Senators apply their minds to it, they
•will see is cfearly objectionable. I refer to the
■words "except as a punishment for crimes,
whereof the party shall have been duly convict-
ed." I have already said thatfor myself I should
prefer the form which I have sent to the Chair,
and on which the question is now to he taken;
but I offer it as a suggestion, and jf Senators do
not incline to it, 1 have no desire to press it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President,atan early
stage of the session, the Senator from Missouri
introduced a proposition to amend the Constitu-
tion of the United States so as forever to prohibit
slavery. That resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. At a jaterday, a month
or two afterwards, the Senator from Massachu-
setts also introduced a proposition to prohibit
slavery. The committee had both those propo-
sitions before them. They considered thern.
There was some difference of opinion in the com-
mittee as to the language to be used; and it was
upon discussion and an examination of both these
piupusitions,the one originally introduced by the
Senator from Missouri, and subsequently by the
Senator from Massachusetts, that the committee
came to the conclusion to adopt the form which
is reported here. I do not know that I should
have adopted these precise words, but a mnjni i:y
of the committee thought they were tin* best
words; they accomplish the object; and I cannot
see why the (Senator fiom Massachusetts should
be so pertinacious about particular words. The
words that we have adopted will accomplish the
object. If every member of the Senate is to se-
lect the precise words in which a law shall be
clothed, and will be satisfied with none other, we
shall havp very little legislation.
Mr. SUMINER. i have already said I shall
be perfectly satisfied with what the Senate do. I
am making a sincere effort now to contribute as
much as I can to improve the proposition in form.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly in the opin-
ion of the Senator from Massachusetts it would
improve the pioposition. if I had had my pre-
cise way in the committee, very likely it would
have improved the proposition to have had the
language as I wanted it; but a majority of the
committee agreed upon these words; and although
the Senator from Massachusetts may satisfy him-
self that the words he has suggested, copied from
the French Revolution, are the best words for us
to adopt, I am not at all sure of it. I think there
is nothing histoiical about them, nothing in the
source from whence they come to commend them
particularly to us. I would not go to the French
Revolution to find the proper words for a consti-
tution. We all know that their constitutions were
failures, while ours, we trust, will be permanent.
I therefore am not inclined to accept the gentle-
man's suggestions, and I hope he will withdraw
them and fei the Senate come to a vote upon this
subject.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from Illi-
nois will allow me for a single moment, it is said
that men's first impressions are sometimes the
best, and it seems that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts when he introduced his proposition used
in it the very words of which he now makes such
complaint, " otherwise than in the punishment
of crime whereof the party shall have been duly
convicted."
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
The first proposition I introduced was a month
or six weeks before that; buUafter the committee
made their report, when I examined it and found
that they had_ undertaken to give us the JeiFerso-
nian ordinance, and I saw that it was not the Jef-
fcrsonian ordinance, I then prepared that propo-
sition with a view to embody the Jeffersonian
ordinance precisely.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was very much tempted
to reply to some of the remarks that have been
made m opposition to this proposed amendment,
and am strongly tempted also to reply to some of
the remarks'which have fallen from the Senator
from Massachusetts, who in an plaborate argu-
ment has attempted to show that no amendment
of the Constitution is necessary; but, sir, if we
can have a vote on this subject 1 will forego mak-
ing any reply to what has been said, and will
content myself with the passage of the resolution,
which is the object 1 have in view, to abolish sla-
very and prevent its existence hereafter. The
language as reported by the committee will ac-
complish these objects; and although it may not
be the best possible form to the mind of every Sen-
ator here, 1 wish him to reflect thnt it is impossi-
ble for us ail to agree upon the language. We
have discussed this matter in committee. As to
its being now embodied in two sections that is a
matter of taste; there is no importance in it. Per-
haps it wou'd be just as well in one.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not alter u in that way?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir, I will not alter
it. I cannot alter it. The committee considered
this subject and deliberately agreed upon this
form. I have no authority to consent to an alter-
ation of it. The Senate can alter it. If each Sen-
ator thinks he can find better wordsaud proceeds
to offer other words, it will be for the Senate to
determine what words they will adopt.
Mr.HOWARD. 1 believe the proposition now
before the Senate is the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts, and on that ques-
tion 1 have one word to say.
Mr. SUMNER. TheSunator will allow me to
make a remark. I cannot resist the appeal of my
friend, the chairman! of the committee,and there-
fme .shall not pursue any of the propositions,and
1 wish to withdraw them. I merely wish to put
myself right with my friends. I offered them
sincerely with a desire to make a contribution to
perfect the measure, i now withdraw them.
Mr. HOWARD. I must object to the with-
drawal of the amendment, as I have the floor. I
desne, as I said before, to say one woid on the
subject of the amendment offeied by the Senator
from Massachusetts. The language of it is this,
that ail persons are free before the law.
Mr. SUMNER. "All persons are equal."
Mr. HOWARD. Y/iIl the Secretary be good
enough to read it?
The Secretary icad, as follows:
Sfc. 1. All pei-op> are fjee before the law, so that no
person can hold miotliei a? a slave. &.c,
Mr SUMNER. That is a mistake. It is
<c equal."
Mr. HO WARD. It is written in the handwrit-
ing of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER, it is " equal,"and not" free."
Mr. HOWARD. 1 regard it as very imma-
terial whether the word " free " or " equal " is
used in that connection. What I insist upon is
this, that in a legal and technical sense that lan-
guage is utterly insignificant and meaningless as
a clause of the Constitution. I should like the
Senator from Massachusetts, if he is able, to
state what effect this would have in law in a court
of justice. W hatsignificancc is given to the phrase
" equal " or " free " before the law in a common-
law court ? It is not known at all.
Besides, the proposition speaks of all men being
equal. 1 suppose before the law a woman would
be equal to a man, a woman would be as free as
a man. A wife would be equai to her husband
and us free as her husband before the law.
