1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
448
carious, and at least difficult,fiom the prejudice ii^pccling
thcclimare. Some arc tor it; but flic far greater part oi the
people are opposed to it."
Then he goes on to suggest how available the
blacks might be if used in the Awny. I mightgo
oi) at some length, because I find here ready to my
hand a collection of all the historical incidents
connected with the employment of negroes, show-
ing that they were employed in Rhode island and
indeed in all the colonies; but I will not weary
the Senate with these details. It is sufficient to
say that nearly all the leading men of the Revo-
lution, "Washington, Jefferson, Hamilton, Mad-
ison, Laurens, Greene, and Lincoln, were m favor
of using slaves, and at the same time emancipa-
ting them as the result of the service, and it was
resisted m the southern States partly from a fear
that the British would arm them, and partly from
the fear of losing their own propeity in slaves.
Mr. President, I will go further. Slaves and
negroes, especially free negroes, were used by us
in the war of 1812. You are all familiarwith the
proclamation of General Jackson issued at Mobile
to the free negroes. When white men faltered,
when they involved hjm in judicial controversy,
when the danger was imminent that the English
would bombard the city of New Oi leans, the free
negroes, at the proclamation ofGoneral Jackson,
rallied to his standard. What did Old Hickory do?
Did he turn his back on them and say, " You are
negroes, and are beneath me in the social scale?"
That was not the answer. Old Hickory enrolled
them in his ranks; they were mustered into the
service, and they bravely aided to beat back the
waves of the British army. General Jackson, with
a manly heroism that does him credit, issued his
proclamation giving them especial thanks for their
services. I am afraid that some of those gentle-
men who are so fastidious, if negroes,whether free
or slave, should come up and offer their lives in
the service of their country, if they were willing to
assume all the burdens of war, if they were willing
to risk wounds and pains and death, would answer
them with contempt, and would spit upon them.
That was not the example set by the great men
of the Revolution or of the war of 1812.
I do not know that I can express myself in
better language than General Jackson did in his
proclamation calling out the free negroes of Lou-
isiana, and I shall therefore take the liberty of read-
ing that proclamation, which was dated at Mo-
bile, September 21, 1814. He says:
" Headquarters Sfvfntii Military District,
'•Mobilj::, September 01, Ibl4.
" To the Free Colored Inhabit ayit? of T,out',una :
" Through a mistaken policy you have lieietofore been
depiived ot a paiticipation m the glouoin hnubile lor na-
lional lights in winch our couutiy id engaged. Tins no
longer <hall exist.
".As sons ot*iteedom you are now eailfd upon to defend
our most inestimable bte iiig. As Auieiican^, youi coun-
try looks with confidence to hci adopted child) on for a v:slot-
ous Mippoit a-s a laithtul leturn loi the advantages enjoyed
under her nnld and equitable Government. As t.uhei-.
husbands, and hiothcis, you are .summoned to i.ill) ruonnd
the standard of the eagle to defend all winch i* dear it.
existence.
Your country, although calling for your exertion-, doe-
not wu-h you to encage m hei can--e Without amply  euiu-
neiatm£j you for the seivice< rendered, i'our intelligent
minds aie not to be led away by tabe representations; your
love of honor would eau e you to d<.'?pi-c a man who should
attempt to dcceive you. fn the yineenty of a holdiei and
the language of truth [ addirss you.'5
He goes on to state the inducements offered to !
them; and afterwards, after they had served faith- i
fully, he issued the following address to them: 1
" To the Men of Coloi: |
u Soldier-* 1 Ftom the shores of Mobile T collected you to *
aims—I invited you to share in the penN and to divide tin* j
gloiy of your white countijtnen. 1 expected much liom ;
you, lor 1 was not urunt'oiimd of tlio.-e (jualine.- w lucii mu.-u 1
lender jou f-o formidable to an mvadnnj toe. i knew ili.it :
you could endure hunseraml tliirtt andall the baid-lnp- oi
war. I knew that you loved the land of.youi nativiiy, and J
that, like on twelve-, } on. had to dot end nil that i? ihom do;ir \
to man. But voji -surpass my hope;.. I have found in you,
united to these qualities, that noble enthu-ia^m \vht"h nn
pels to gi eat deeds.
<c ^oldicM I The President of ibc United State- -ha'.! bt '
informed of yom conduct on the pic>ent occasion ; and the J
voice of the Representative.-* of the A'.neuean nation Miall :
applaud your valoi, as \ oui genera! nuw piait->\  \out in dor. ■
The enemy i« near, fits s-fiils cover the hike-". Hut the ;
biavc aie united, ami if ho finds us contending among !
ourselves it will be lor the prize of valoi, and fame, it* no-
blest leward."1
Commodore Perry used negroes on the lakes.
A considerable portion of the force employed by
him at the battle of Lake Erie were free negroes';
and he regarded them as good soldiers. They
aided him in repelling the British m their very
formidable attack on our northern frontier, i am
not ashamed to acknowledge that the people of
Ohio, in the war of 1812, owed their safety from
further invasion from the British not only to the
bravery of white soldiers but also to the large
number of negroes who enlisted in the service.
In our naval servicc, 1 am informed that they
have been ahvays used. 1 believe that in every
vessel-of-war over which our flag now floats, in
whatevci country it may be found,the negro fights
side by side with the white man; and our tars do
not consider themselves as degraded because a
man of a different race and a different color can
show braveiy and courage as well as themselves.
The State of New York, in the war of 1812,
organized negro regiments. 1 find among the
statutes of JNTew York "An act to authorize the
raisingoftwo regimentsof color,"passed October
24, 1814.
But not only did we use negro soldiers in that
war, but the Butish employed them against us.
They organized a negro force within one hundred
miles of Washington, and if they had made ex-
tensive inroads into our country no doubt they
would have employed more. To establish this let
me read from Alison:
" Three regiments of Wellington's army airived in Ches-
apeake Hay in the middle of August, 1814. General Kos-j
commanded the land (oiees, Admiral Oocklnirn the fleet;
their tii-t mea-unc w.i* to take possesion of Tangier island,
where they erected jollifications, built s-tore Louses, and
hoisted the 13utHiflag; inviting at the Panic time the ne-
gtoc& in the adjoining pi evince-to join the BntUh foice in
the Hand, and ofiVnng them emancipation m the event of
thejrdoms >o. Seventeen bundled speedily appeared, weic
enrolled and disciplined, and ptoved of no small servu e in
subsequent npei at tons.'*—Jihson\ Jhstnry of Kurojic, J£rtg-
ln>h edition, vol. 13, p. *J3c.
•I have thus, Mr.President,perhaps at the risk
of being wearisome, shown that in ancient and
in modern times, by all civilized nations, by our
own country and by our enemies, in all of our
wars, negro soldiers both free and slave have been
used m the military scrvice, and in every case
where slaves have been so used they have been
secured their liberty. It would bo an intolerable
injustice, to which no people would ever submit,
to serve in the military service without securing
that greatest of boons. My answer, then, to the
main question,whether the employment of negroes,
free or slave, is justified by the lows of war is,
that by the practice of all nations it is justified.
1 come then to another question that itis neces-
sary for me briefly to refer to, and that is whether
there is anything ni the Constitution of the United
States th.it foi bids us from c mploying fi ec n< grocs
or slaves. On that point there can be no doubt.
The only lettramtupon the law of war contained
in the Constitution i.s m article three of the Amend-
ments, which provides that "no soldiers shall in
time of peace be quaitered m any house without
the consent of the owner, nor in time of war but in
a manner to be prescribed by law." With this
exception, oil the practices of civilized nations may
be used in this war. There is nothing in the Con-
stitution of the United States pi escribing the mode
and mantjut of dealing with an enemy; nothing
which afreets the power of the President or the
powcrot Congress over the Army or Navy except
the simple lestraint thatsoldicrs shall not be quar-
tered m any house in time of peace without the con-
sent of the owner, nor in time of war but in a man-
ner prescribed bylaw. When I look again to the
powers of Congress I find that Congiess is in-
vested with the broad power to dociate war; no
such power is confei red on the Pi evident.
There is no reference in the Constitution to the
powei of the President in time of war except
that he is Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy, hut Congress is empowered to " raise
armies." Congress may " make rules and legis-
lations for their government.55 Congress alone
has all those powers which aie called war powers
in other count! les. In England, in Fiance, m all
monarchies, as a matter of course the executive
authonty embraces ail the war power; but undei
our Constitution the President has no wtu power
except simply to command the Aimy and Navy
accordirig lo the laws that we prescribe. Con-
gress must pass rules and regulations; Congress
must raise armies. By the Constitution the
President has no power to enlist a single soldier,
black or white, bond or free, except as is author-
ized by law, or, as Is said by the Supreme Court,
in the decision to which I have already referred,
in a case of public exigency he may anticipate
at Ins peril the action of Congress, and if bis
action is subsequently ratified and approved by
Congress it then becomes operative from the be-
ginning. But as an original question, the Presi-
dent does not possess any war powers. They
are all vested in Congress. Congress alone can
raise armies; Congress alone can make rules and
articles for their government.
Now, sir, is there any exception in the Consti-
tution as to our power to raise armies'? "Where
is the clause limiting our power to free men, to
white men, to aliens, or to any other class o{
people? The power to raise armies is as high as
heaven, as broad as our own country, and includes
every man within it. We may muster in the
whole population. We may by conscription
laws force our whole population into the Army.
We alone can do it. Congress, by a law sanc-
tioned by the President, can exercise this power,
and no other authority can.
Why is it that wc arc called upon every day
to fix the price of service, to fix the pay of the
soldier ? Why is it that we are now called upon
to raise the pay of the soldier from thirteen dol-
lars to sixteen dollars a month? Why does not
the President do it? Simply because Congress
alone has the power to prescribe the mode of
raising an army and the pay of an army. If the
President cannot raise the pay of a private soldier
from thirteen dollars to sixteen dollars a month
where does he find the power to offer as pay to
the black soldier hia liberty—the highest reward?
There is the question. Remember, I do not object
to the exercise of this power; I am in favor of it.
I believe the war has been protracted so long be-
cause we have feared, through prejudice and prob-
ably on account of old party relations, to exercise
the great powers thatarc invested in us, I believe
that from the beginning, when the rebels assumed
the position of enemies, we should have armed
against them the whole negro population of their
country. They need not tell me that if we arm
the negroes they will arm them They cannot
arm their negroes unless fhey promise them their
freedom. If they promise them their freedom their
whole confederacy crumbles into dust. Their
whole confederacy is built, as Mr. Stephens said,
on the idea that man should own property in
man; that the negro is inferior and must be held
subordinate to the white race; that he mul be
held as a slave. If they arm the slaves and prom-
ise them freedom their whole confederacy would
crumble into dust. J do not fear any empty threats
of that kind. 1 say from the beginning we should
have armed the slaves; but bcfoicdoing so, in my
judgment, we ought to secure them by law, by a
great guarantee, in which you and I and all
branches of the Government would unite in
pledging the faith of the United States, that for-
ever thereafter they should hold their freedom
against their old masters.
It is not that I object to the proclamation of the
Piesident. I simply want to give it the form and
sanction of law. I have doubts about his power
to is.suc this proclamation, or that it will be of any
validity. I fear this as the great injustice of the
times; that when this war shall be over, if Con-
gress allows this matter to rest solely on the Presi-
dent's proclamation, and a negro comes up and
shows that proclamation in a court of law as his
charter of freedom, your couit of law will turn
him adrift, and tell him it was a mere piece of
parchment issued by a man who had no authority
to guatanty it. That is what I fear. I wish to
guaid against that contingency by clothing this
promise of emancipation with all the guarantees
and sanctions of law; and with my view of the
powers of Congress I have not the slightest doubt
that wc can do it. 1 have not a doubt that we may
declare that wc will enlist into the Army of the
United States negroes, whether bond or free, in
the southern States; and that1, os wages oras pay
for their services, wc may decree their emancipa-
tion.
Mr. President, wc give bounties to soldiers; we
give land to soldiers. By what authority do we
do this? 1 ask you, if we can induce white men
to-enter the service by a promise of one hundred
and sixty acres of land and by $300 bounty, why
can wc not induce a negro to enter the military
service for the highest of all compensations—the
emancipation ofhimself? Why, sir, wc take your
son who owes you servicc for a short period; we
take him under aire: we o list him in the service;
