THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED PAr JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirty-Eigiitii Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 2, 18G4.
New Series No. 216.
that I attempted to present a few moments since,
to insert after the word " States," in the tenth
line, these words:
And fnr the pay of officers and men of the Rhode Island
volunteers from the date of commission and enrollment to
the date of muster into the United States service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Ido notseewhy theamend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Rhode Island
should not be made general. It is a provision to
pay the officers and men from the State of Rhode
Island for the period between the time of their
enlistment and muster into the service of the Uni-
ted States. They are just as much entitled to pay
in the State of Illinois as in the State of Rhode
Island under these circumstances.
Mr. COWAN. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I think it is the intention of the Senate
when this bill comes into the Senate to vote down
all these amendments that have been made and
stand upon the bill as reported from the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. BROWN. That is very kind of the Sen-
ator, to cut everybody else out but himself.
Mr. COWAN. That is my notion of it at pres-
ent; and then if otherStates have claims they will
take measures to bring them forward the same as
this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it will do no harm I
shoukl like to have my State inserted, because I
know there are claims of that character there. I
move to insert the words " and Illinois" after the
words4'Rhode Island" in the amendment adopted
on the motion of the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With theconsentof
the Senator from Illinois, I will insert " and Kan-
sas." Kansas is in the same situation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it would be bet-
ter to make it general if it is to be adopted at all.
Of course I shall not object to Kansas being in-
serted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as modified.
Mr. HOWE. How will the clause read then •'
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And for the pay of officers and men of the Rhode Is-land,
Illinois, and Kansas volunteers from the date ol commis-
sion and enrollment to the date of muster into the United
States service.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to know if those
are all the States that are to come in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it ought to be gen-
eral; but thd Senate havmgadopted it as peculiar
to the State of Rhode Island I moved to include
my State also. 1 know there aie cases of that
character in the State of Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to modify the amend-
ment that was adopted on my motion, by striking
out in the second line the words ** otfrfer troops
from any other State" and inserting ".troops of
the State of Kentucky heretofore received or that
may hereafter be;" so that it will read:
Jind be it further enacted, That any troops of the Statf
of Kentucky heretonne leceived, or that may liereaftei ho
received into and actually -ejving in the Atmy of the
United States, whether regularly mu^tefd in 01 not, and
who have not been otherwise provided for, shall receive
the same pay and all other emoluments that they would
he entitled to it they had been regularly mu&teicd into
feuch service.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that can only be done in this stage of the
proceeding by unanimous consent. The Chair
hears no objection, and the amendment will be so
modified.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the bill shall be re-
ported to the Senate I shall call for the leading
of the amendments and have them acted upon
seriatim.
The bill vrasieportedto the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be on concumng in the amendments nrade
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I desire to have those
amendments read, so that we may see what has
been adopted.
Mr. COWAN. And the question on concur-
rence taken on them seriatim.
216
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued. The question is on concurring
in the amendment in section one, line ten, after
the word " States" to insert:
And foi the pay of officers and men of thc-Rhode Island,
Illinois, and Kansas volunteers from the date of commis-
sion and enrollment to the date of muster into the United
►States seiviee.
Mr. COWAN. Now, Mr. President, I wish
simply to say that if the amendments which have
been made to the first section are not concurred
in by the Senate it will leave the first section pre-
cisely as it was reported from the Committee on
Finance; it will provide alone for the claim of
the State of Pennsylvania, arid it will leave other
propositions for the payment of troops of other
States to be tested as separate sections. That I
think is perfectly fair,and that I desire to be done.
The bill as reported from the Committee on Fi-
nance provides simply for the payment of the in-
stitution sand individuals who advanced the money
to pay the Pennsylvania soldiers. If other prop-
ositions are to be offered let them be offered as
distinct and separate sections, and let the Senate
vote upon them. For my own part, I believe
that u great many of them should be paid; in-
deed, I believe I would vote for the payment of
all of them so far as I have heard them. Bat I
desire the first section to be disembarrassed from
the amendments which have been made to it and
leave it to stand as it was originally reported. I
hope, therefore, that this amendment will not be
concurred in.
Mr. WILLEY. If we are to go on including
State after State in this bill, I do not see why
West Virginia should be overslaughed. But,
sir, I do not intend to move that West Virginia
shall be included. I do not understand the claim-
ants under this bill as it came from the House of
Representatives to Stand on the same platform
that the States do in their State capacity. I un-
derstand that here are individual citizens of the
United States making application for relief for
money paid out of their own pockets in the exi-
gencies of the country to defend the nation against
invasion. It is not an application upon the part
of a State in its,capacity as a State, but upon the
part of individuals who in the exigencies of the
country voluntarily came forward to the relief of
the Government and uffoided that justice which
the Government at that time could not afford and
had it not in its power to provide for. However
much 1 may desire to have the citizens of my
State who have iendured sei vices undei a .similar
condition provided for, I am not willing, under
the sense of justice which I think ought to actu-
ate the Senate of the United States, to burden the
bill and kill it under circumstances like those un-
der which the bill is piesented.
Here is an application, as 1 understand it, by
citizens who have paid money out of their own
pockets in a crisis m the affairs of this nation.
The head of the proper Department has lecom-
mended it as just and proper. It has been aud-
ited, stated, adjusted, fixed m the amount; and
now, at this time, to kill a bill of this character
by crushing it to death by amendments of this
kind seems to me to be in the face of the plainest
justice that could be addressed at least to myself
as a Senator of the United States. Under this
view of the case, however much 1 should be
pleased to bring the citizens of my State within
the operation of this bill, I shall vote against all
these amendments and let the original bill stand
on us naked merits, and 1 think that is where it
ought to stand.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It is not for me to oppose
the payment of a just claim of the State of Penn-
sylvania; but I simply rise for the piupose of
slating what I understand to he the true state of
the case in answer to the generous statement of
the Senator from West Vngmia.
My residence is not very remote from the city
of Philadelphia* and I happen to have some little
knowledge of the mode in which this claim ori-
ginated. When itcame to be known that General
Lee with his army had left his encampment in
Virginia and was moving North, passing up
through the Cumberland valley,and had reached
Maryland, and was about striking the borders of
Pennsylvania, the citizens of Philadelphia, with
all the other citizens*of the State, naturally be-
came greatly alarmed and excited, and with pa-
triotic feelings not only raised men, but raised
money, and they fitted out what was called the
Corn Exchange regiment, and several others -
through the agency of associations in the city of
Philadelphia. I have not understood that that .
was done in consequence of any arrangement with
the General Government or any plan adopted by
the Government. It was a spontaneousfiction on
their part in aid of their own State and for the
protection of their own city, its capital, its wealth,
its enterprise, its industry, and everything else.
I grant you there is a claim on the part of those
citizens, either upon the General Government me-
diately or the Stategovernmentimmediately; but
I cannot for the life of me see any distinction in
equity between the cfaim of a State which had
paid the expense of fitting out troops, to send
them to the protection of Pennsylvania and the
claim of private citizens whofittedout regiments
and sent them in pursuance of the call of theGov-
ernor of Pennsylvania, for it' was done in pursu-
ance of his most urgent call. In fact, he, was in
Philadelphia at the time, and I think made an ad-
dress and encouraged a spontaneous enlistment
there.
Those men oughtto be paid; they have a meri-
torious claim; but I think the other States which
sent traops to repel this movement, and which
were engaged in the very same identical service,
have the same meritoiious claim, whether the
money came out of the treasury of the State or
whether it came out of the pockets of individuals,
especially as I have not yet seen that there was
any contract entered into between private indi-
viduals or associations and the General Govern-
ment before they undertook these responsibilities,
it was a spontaneous outburst of the people for
their own protection and for the safety of their
own firesides and their own business that these
legiments were hastily organized and, sent for-
ward .
I cannot see why, in the performance of a .duty
as sacred and patriotic as this was, to icpel this
northern invasion, the troops of Pennsylvania or
the citizens of Pennsylvania or the State of Penn-
sylvania, which ought to have refunded long ago
to these citizens the amounts they advanced, have
any equitable claim to be paid first before the
citizens of other States, if the claims are to be paid
at all at this time under the existing state of facts
and the pressure under which the Government is
laboring.' So far a? regaids the adjustment of the
claim, I see no real difference in the case between
these different claimants; for although the claim
of Pennsylvania has been adjusted, still, in the
amendment that. I offered yesterday, I proposed
that these other claimants should be paid when
their accounts were adjusted; and even if those
wouls were not inserted in the amendment that
would be the natural consequence, because the
Government would notpav them unul their claioas
were ascertained, settled, and adjusted.
I do not insist upon the bill passing at this
time; but if it is to be passed, 1 want it to provide
for the payment of the States, associations, or in-
dividuals who have advanced money for this one
service, the repelling of the army of General Lee
from the State of Pennsylvania. The States of
New-Jersey, New York, and the more eastern
States wei e all interested m that service to almost
as great an extent as the State of Pennsylvania,
except in this, that their soil was not trampled
upon by the foot of the in vader; it was not seamed
and scarred by the engines of war. I think they
stand upon the same identical footing and ought
to be paid m the same way, and i must express
mv reirret that the Senator from Pennsy vama is
disposed to insist upon the payment of his own
troops under these circumstances and to ask the
Senate to "ive other troops who rendered the same
service under the same appeal the go-by, or to
