444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
VfQ induce him to enter that service by bounties,
by the promise oflands, and by the liberal induce-
ments held out to our soldiers; and by that very
act we deprive you of the labor of your son. Un-
der what authority of law do we do this ? Under
the simple authority to raise armies. That au-
thority overrides all your rights.
I agree with the sentiment expressed by the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] the other
day, if I understood him correctly, that Congress
in the exigencies of the country may arm the ne-
gro population of this country and muster them
into service. The only question on which he and
I would differ would be as to the measure of com-
pensation that ought to be held oui to these ne-
groes for that service. He admits that wo have
the power to use their physical force: and in the
face of the historical cases I have quoted no man
can doubt our power to muster these blacks into
our service. The only question is whether, as a
compensation for their services, we can promise
them emancipation; and upon tiiis point I see no
limit to our power. Why, sir, you are about to
confer the highest honor on General Grant as a
reward for his services. You make our white sol-
diers generals, and give them the star, the garter
pf our republican form of government. You give
them honor, name, that for which men fight and
struggle more than anything else. You give them
ail these. I ask you, when you can take money,
lands, honor, property, everything, and give them
to your white soldiers, can you not give to the
negro who is put into your service his own lib-
erty and secure it to him forever? It is a narrow
view of the powers of Congress to say we have
no right to give a negro freedom as the result of
military service.
What is the consequence of this doctrine? It is
this: in prosecuting war against these rebellious
States we may exercise against them the powers
of war. But, sir, in dealing with another class of
people we are restrained by certain constitutional
obligations. Upon this point I shall probably
differ wkh many of my political friends; but I am
here to speak my earnest convictions. As against
the rebels of the South, I say, you can seize their
slaves; you can put them in yuur armies; you can
make them serve you; you can emancipate the
whole race as a measure of war, because by the
laws of war emancipation and the employment
of slaves are proper incidents of war. Therefore
in the seceding States there is no difficulty in the
way; and even as to the loyal men in those States
the decision of the Supreme Court is that as those
States have gone out of the Union you may
prosecute even against your loyal citizens in those
seceding States the laws of war. States as com-
munities have gone out, and the Supreme Couit
have decidcd in the very case to which 1 have re-
ferred that the laws of war obtain against all loyal
citizens in the seceding States. I will read an
extract from that decision:
"All persons residing within this tenitory whose prop-
city may be used to nieieasc the revenues of the hostile
powei aie, in this couteM, liable to In tientrd .is enemies,
though not foreigner. They havo ea~t oil' their alleaiawe
and made war on their Government, and are none the less-
enenne^because they are ttaitors."
Therefore it is that if a loyal man in the speed-
ing States loses his propel ty it is riot by our act,
it js by the act of the enemy. By a well-recog-
nized principle of international law the govern
men-t of a State is not lesponsible for the acts of the
enemy. The destruction ofslaveiy m theseced-
ing Suites is the act of the enemy necessarily
growing out of the state of war; and if our own
loyal citizens are affected by the operations of the
laws of war in the seceding States they have no
right to complain against the United States. If
rny house is burned over my head by a public
enemy I have no right to leclain) the value of
that house from the United Suites. ' The Govern-
ment is never responsible for the act of the enemy.
It is bound to use all necessary force, so far as it
can, to protect its citizens; but if it cannot do so,
or if, in the course of the war, the private piop-
erty of a citizen is destroyed, that citizen has no
light to reclaim the property from the Govern-
ment. 1 his is a clear punciple of international
law. Therefore, as to the loyal people in the se-
ceding States, they take the fortune and chances
of war. It may be hard on them. I confess :L
13. I pity them from the bottom of my heart. I
have seen brave arid true and loyal men from
those States who have lost all their property, who
have been dragged into unwilling servitude in the
southern States; but that is the fortune of war.
Weeannot piotect them. If then pioperty isde-
stroyed and theirslavesemancipated as the result
of this war it is not the act of the Government,
it is the act of the rebels with whom it was their
misfortune to be associated.
Now, sir, you come to another class of citizens
in the adbenng States, as they are called, in the
loyal States.. I ask you whether they are not en-
titled to certain constitutional privileges which you
are sworn to give? You cannot use against these
loyal men in the adhering States the laws of war.
As against all the enemies-of the Government,
those who do anything whatever to contribute to
overthrow the Government, living in the adhering
States, you have a right to prosecute the laws of
war. The people of Ohio decided that in a very
mild case in our own State. They believed that
a certain gentleman who was very prominent had
committed such acts as indicated him as a public
enemy. The military authorities seized hint and
expelled him beyond the limits of the State of Ohio.
His friends endeavored to excite a great deal of
compassion for him on that account. On what
ground was it justified? If any true friend of his
country had been seized in Ohio, had been de-
prived of his liberty, had been expatriated, the
whole people of the gallant State would have risen
in arms to defend him, although he was the hum-
blest of their citizens; but they believed he had
taken such a course in this war that he was a pub-
lic enemy; that he had done all he could to aid the
public enemy; that he was regarded by them as
their friend, and by us as an enemy. Therefoie
the act of the Government in seizing him and
foicing him beyond our lines was justified by
an overwhelming vote of the people of Ohio; but
upon what ground' On the ground that he was
a public enemy. Therefore, as to all those men
who m the adheiing States have been false to the
Government, who have by acts—not by mere
woids, because I would not hold a man responsi-
ble for his words—done anything to aid and con-
(i thute to the success of the i ebels m this war, they
may be treated according to the laws of war. If
they lose their slaves so much the better. If they
lose their property so much the better. No one
ought to complain of it. They have taken the
chances of the success of this war; let them enjoy
th em.
But now, sir, you come to another class of people;
and I ask my political friends this plain question:
when there are loyal men in the adhering States—
1 do not speak of that class who live in southern
States—but when there are loyal men in the adher-
ing States who have been true to your country and
true to your flag, I ask you whether you do not
owe them the Application of a different rule ? I say
you have the right to take the slaves of those loyal
people. You have the right to take the slave of
my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis;] you have
the right to take the fieo negro in his neighbor-
hood ; you have the i ight to take his son; you Jin ve
the right to take him, if it is necessary, to crush
the icbellion; and I behove he would be as ready
to respond, if his personal services were needed to
put down the rebellion, us any man in the Semite,
Although ] do not agree with many of hisopimons
I believe him to be pati iotie,couingeous,and biuve.
I know he has in the houi of danger stepped foi-
ward and been mustered under ourilagmid can .ed
a musket by the side of the common soldier.
This Government has the light to his slave if
they want him. They have the light to a free
man. They have the light to use them iu the mil-
itary service, i ask you, when the slave of aMoyal
man is taken m the adheiing States arc you not
bound to give him fait and legitimate compensa-
tion? It is not a sufficient answer foi you to say
to me that you do riot recognize property in slaves.
The answer to that is that by the local law of the
State which has remained true to the Government
he is recognized as pioperty, and the master is
protected m the enjoyment of that property with-
in the hunts of that State. If you depi ive him of
that pioperty you aie bound in honor and con-
science to share with him the loss.
Here is a foatuto of the bill hmoduced by the
Committee on Military Affairs that I cannot ap-
piove. I do not think it will take veiy much
money to pay fur such slaves. I am in favor of
using the slaves of the people of Missouri, of
Kentucky, and West Virginia, and Maryland
wherever they can be mustered into our service;
but, sir, I think when you take the slave of a
loyal master you should pay a fair and reasonable
compensation for the labor of that slave. It is
true, as my friefl.fl from Maryland said the other
day, tiiat the value of the slave is veiy small in
Maryland. I would only pay the master Unde-
preciated value. That depreciated value is caused
by the rebellion. That depreciation which has
been brought upon his properly by the act of the
rebels he is not entitled oy the laws of war to have
compensation for. My property may be depre-
ciated. The property of all loyal citizens may be
depreciated. I have no right to complain of this.
1 have no right to ask compensation for this.
Therefore, to the extent his property is depreci-
ated by the rebellion in Maryland, he should not
be paid; but to the extent his property is of value
in Maryland at the time we take it, we ought in'
justice and honor and good conscience to give him
a reasonable compensation.
That is my view, and I believe the people of
the State of Ohio, who in this war have certainly
shown their willingness to meet all the sacrifices
that have been put upon them, who have done
their full share in furnishing you officers and men
to fight your battles, will not begrudge the small
pittance that may be paid under this system of
compensated emancipation to the people of the
border States who have been true to the flag of
our country in the hour of its great danger. By
these principles in the further discussion of this
bill I shall be guided.
1 think, therefoie, to conclude, we ought, by
a wise, carefully prepared law, to enroll the ne-
groes of this country into the armed service of the
United States so far as they can be propeily used.
1 believe they will fight well. We ought to se-
cure to them their freedom. To all the slaves in
all the rebel States I would secure freedom to the
last man, woman, or child. 1 never would allow
the men who have rebelled against the best Gov-
ernment God ever gave to man to own a slave,
or, 1 was about to say, to own any other piop-
erty. They are outcasts. They have rebelled.
Their iebellion was causeless. 1 have no pity for
them in all the sufferings that may be heaped upon
them in their own generation. For those men
who domineered in this Senate, who domineered
in the other House, who converted our political
bodies into arenas for the defense of slavery, for
those men who when fairly beaten in a political
contest took up aims to overthrow the Govern-
ment, 1 have not the slightest sympathy or re-
spect. They are not only enemies but they are
traitors, and I will enforce against ihem not enly
the laws of war but the municipal laws tff our
own country as to treason. So as to all those men
living in the noithern States, slave or free, who
in this hour of danger have been active in their
opposition to the Government, who have not
given what the Government has a right to have,
a manly, generous, free support, I have no sym-
pathy whatever. I do not speak of mere political
opposition evinced in words or with a desire to
have somebod y^ise selected President rather than
Mr. Lincoln; but for those men who have actually
aided the rebels iu the adhering States I have no
sympathy. I do not care how many of their
slaves you put i nto the sei vice: how much of their
pioperty you take; how much you confiscate. I
perhaps will go as far as the farthest. All I ask
is that when you touch the local rights and the
local propel ty of those brave and true men of the
southern States who have been true to the coun-
try in this hour of danger you ought to extend to
them reasonable consideration for the circum-
stances by which they ate surrounded.
In this wat we are all called upon to make sacri-
fices. These men in the bolder States have suf-
fered worst of all. Missoun has been trodden
over by armed men in all directions. So to some
extent has Kentucky; so to some extent has Ma-
ryland. Tennessee lias been i idden over with the
hoofofwai. These people have suffered. We
cannot help that. We cannot spare them all suf-
fering. All the property of ail the people of the
United States could not redress the wrongs of this
wjr, Ali we have got to do is to light it through.
But I say, for one, I never will consent to depi ive
true and loyal men of the odhoiing States who
have bet n true and have rendered good service,
not merely bp seiviee, but have rendered good
service m the hour of the country's peril—I will
