1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
J EC. 15. AH acts of any inhabitant of the United State*
Jin" to inritr persons held to sen ice oi Iahoi to insur-
rection or acts or' domestic violence, or to abscond, are
hereby prohibited and decii'ud to be ;i jx-na! ofF-nse;
and all iho couite of the United Suites shall be open to
suppress tind puni>h.->ueli offenses at the t-uitot any citizen
oftiio United .-States or the ;-uit ofnny State.
Sfic. 16. AM conspiracies in any State to interfere with
lawful lights m any other State or against the United States
shall be suppressed; and no State or the people thereofshall
withdraw hom this Union without the consent of tlnee
. fourths ofall the States, expressed by an amendment pro-
posed and ratified in the manner provided in article five
of the Constitution.
Rkc. 17. Whenever any State wherein involuntary ser-
vitude^ recognizcd or allowed shall piopose toabohsh such
servitude,and Khali apply lor pecuniary assistance therein,
the Coii"i i)ss may in its discretion giant tuch relief not ex-
ceeding one hundred dollais for eachpei ou libeiated. But
Congtess shall not ptopose such abolishment or reiief to
any otate.
Congress rnav assist free poisons of Afiican descent to
emigrate and colonize Afuca.
Sec. IS. Dutieson imports maybe imposed forrcvenue;
but shall not be excessive or piohibitoiy in amount.
Sec. ID. When all of the several States shall have abol-
ished slavery, then and thetcafter slavery or involuntary
servitude except as a punishment foi ei nne shall nevci be
established or toleiated in any of the ^tate-s or Tcintoncs
of the United States, and they t-iuil be lotever fice.
Sec. 20. The piovisions of this aitiele leJatm^ to invol-
untary labor or sei vmide shall not be altered without the
concent of all the Slates maintaining such servitude.
Mr. SAULSBURY. In offering those pro-
posed amendments to thy Constitution of the
United States, I wish to say that there are cm-
bodied in them some things which, as a private
citizen,! would not approve; some things that do
not meet my personal approbation; but consider-
ing (he situation in winch wo are placed and the
state of the country, I have been willing to meet
the great questions involved in the controversy
in the spirit of compromise and concession. For
instance, as an original question I would not have
agreed to any prohibition with reference to sla-
very in the Disti ict whrie the capital of the United
Stales is situated; but knowing the feelings en-
gendered and excited on that question, I have
waived my personal opinions, and offer this
simply as a compromise. I shall make no speech
in behalf of those proportions. They wore ma-
tured by men moie learned in the law than my-
self, mid submitted to mo for my uppioval. I
lmvc consented to oiler them to the Senate of the
United Statoy as a peace olTenng. I oiler them
in thatspnit. Without attempting toentermto
any argument to enfoiee them upon the consid-
eration «'f .Senntoi s, I will content myself simply
with iheir pieoenuuion and let the Senate vote
upon them.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to; iheie being, on a division—ayes 2, i:oca
not counted.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was coneunod in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a thiid reading, and was read the third
tune.
Mr. FOWELL. The Constitution tequiresus,
I believe,to take the question on the passage of
such a resolution as tins by yeas and nays.
Mr. McDOUGALL. IVfore the final vote is
taken I think it due to myself to make a few re-
marks, bo that my exact position in regaid to this
whole question can be understood.
It may be known to at least one or twogentlc-
mc n upon tins floor that for more than a quarter
ot a century i have been the friend of freedom
and fr*e insutuiions m the Republic of which I
am a citizen. 11 does not become any mum to boast;
hut I have the right to say that in the fur West,
when to favor free institutions was regarded by
the populace as ci iminal, in the very year in which
Lovrjoy was killed at Alton, I, a stranger to all
those consequences, entertaining the opinions 1
now enieitain, and which opinions I have not
changed, d;d myself march upon fifty lifles of
East Tennesseeans and KLentuckians. mad with
wine, who were undertaking to mob a few youn^
gentlemen fiom Alassachusetts and New Hamp-
shiie because they had signed a petition to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, and I quelled
that mob. I did it alone.
1 was bom in the North; I early went to the
West, and became acquainted with these contro-
versies, maintaining the opinions of my youth.
I maintain them now, and have done so since 1
came into this Senate Chamber. It is convenient
for men who seek to run with the current of the
stream, or to float with the tide, to rspousc doc-
trines when they may become convenient to them.
That has not been my course of policy or my
habit of conduct from my youth upwmd in the
various States in which I have lived. I say this
much,and there are men of the Republican party
high in office to-day who might nothave been well
in health at this time had it not been for my main-
taining them in their young manhood when it
happened to bo my opportunity. Therefore I
shall not be set down in any place by any man as
a person who does not love freedom in all its
forms.
I have protested, as I did a few days since,
against these controversies that are not germane
to the business of the Federal Congress or to the
Government as it is to-day with the legitimate
offices on its hands. I do not believe that from
Maine, or Vermont, or New Hampshire,or Mas-
sachusetts, or Connecticut, or Rhode Island, or
from any northern or eastern State there comes a
man who is more attached to the establishment
and maintenance of free institutions than I am
myself. But I was told in my youth that it was
the duty of a lad to speak the truth, and it grew
into my manhood, and i dare maintajn it here as
I have maintained it always, as far as my best
judgment and-my highest conscience permitted.
i think with lrgard to these movements that
we are by thom doing our country a great wrong.
I say it not because I ploase to say it, for I say it
with a sense ofpain. We are doing our country
and our people agreat wrong, and then we are do-
ing to anotherpeoplea great wrong. Theevening
alter we passed the bill to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia, I went to my lodgings, quite
late in the evening. A colored man who was the
dining-ioom servant, and a very polite man, waited
upon me alone at the dinner table, lie was evi-
dently enjoying what he seemed to regard a tri-
umph for his people. I said to him, " Fiedenok,
do not be rejoiced; it may happen as a con sequence
of this act and other things that will follow this
present action that they might as well take you
to the Potomac and drown you." I look upon
this policy as being a policy for sacrificing the
whole of the coloieu people now occupying parts
of this Republic. It has fallen within my own
experience to see a beautiful valley, I think the
most beautiful in the woiid, the valley of Napa.
II j.s from ten to tlnec miles in width; it is about
fhiity miles long. In the valley of Napa giow
up the tallest oaks that I have ever seen or wit-
nessed in my tunc, beautiful groves, a country
such as is not in my judgment (and 1 am so told
by men who ha\e tiaveled throughout the woild,
which I have not done) paralleled m Spain, or
Italy, or France. About the time that I first
found myself on the western shotes of this con-
tinent, there were twenty-five thousand native
population; they may be called in one sense free
American citizens. W hen I left my home to come
heie into the Federal Senate, there were not two
hundred of them. Thoy had been destroyed by
our own people, by our vices, our luxuries, and
our violence.
1 have no doubt the Senator from Indiana was
correct when he stated yesterday that two hun-
dred and fifty thousand of the people of African
dt scent m this country had been prematurely de-
sttoyed. This policy will ingulf them, it isas
simple a truth as has ever been taught by any
history. The &la\ cs of ancient time were not the
a laves of a different race. The Romans compelled
the Gaul and the Celt, brought them to their own
country, and some of them became great poets,
and some eloquent orators, and some accom-
plished wits, and they became citizens of the re-
public of Greece, and of the republic of Rome,
and of the empire. This is not the condition of
these persons with whom we are now associated
and about whose affairs we undertake to estab-
lish administration. They can never commingle
with us. It may not be within the reading of
some learned Senators, and yet it belongs to dem-
onstrated science, that the African race and the
Europeans are different, and 1 here now say it as
ix fact established by science that the eighth gen-
eration of the mixed race formed by the union of
the African and European cannot continue their
spec,lea. Quadroons have few children; with
octoroons repioduction is impossible. It estab-
lishes as a law of nature that the African has no
proper relation to the European, Caucasian blood.
I would have them kindly treated. In the expe-
rience of my life and in my practices, I will not
allow any person to say that he has been more
kind to the people of that race than have I been
myself, and I have seen much of them.
But we are undertaking now here to antagonize
them, and with what? To antagonize them with
immediately the ascendant white race of the South
where they belong; and what must be the result?
We hear what is said now with regard to their
present position. It comes from those persons
who go as missionaries and who go as agents by
the employment of the Government into the South
for the purpose of taking care of these people.
Along the shores of the Mississippi they aie
wanderers without a roof under which to rest,
without food to supporttheiranimal system,lost
people, men, women, and infants. These are
facts that have thrust themselves upon thecoun-
try, and with which every man in the Senate is
conversant. It may be within our pleasure to
make these evilsmore complete. It may be within
the pleasure of our ignorance to say these things
are true and just and right; but nature revolts at
the affirmation; truth gives it a firm denial. I
will not admit that I am less the friend of the peo-
ple of the African race than any other gentleman
on this floor, even the champion from Massachu-
setts. I would be their friend, I would protect
and preserve them, as I would the men who oc-
cupied our groves and fields and hills before the
Pilgrims landed at Plymouth Rock; but it must
be done by just and wise policy, and not by any
of these extravagant measures not asked for or
demanded by the day, but sought for by a greedy
appetite which, maddened with a present sense
of power, seeks to accomplish to-day what they
fear may not be within their grasp to-morrow.
Against all such policy and all such conduct I
shall protest as a man, in the name of humanity
ami of law and of truth and of religion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of thejomtresolution, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HENDRICKS, (when Mr. Buckalew's
name was called.) I desire to say that M r. Buck-
alew is not able to be in his seat to-day, and he
expressed a wish that I should say that if he weie
present he would vote against the proposition.
The call of the roll having concluded, the result
was announced—yeas 38, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamei, Conn ess, Cowan, Dixon, Doohttle,Fesseiiden,Foot,
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hai-dm?, Harlan, Man is, ilendeiaon,
Howard, Howe. Johnson, Lane ot'Indiana, Lane ol Kansas,
Moigan, Monill, Xe-mitli, Ponifrny, Uum-py, Sherman,
Sprugue, Sumner, Ten E>ck, Tuimbull, "Van Winkle,
Wade, Wilkinson, Willcy, and Wilson—3d.
NAYS—.Messrs. Davi«, Hemlocks, McDougall, Powell,
Riddle, and Saulsbury—6.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced that the
joint resolution, having received the concurrence
of two thirds of the Senators present, was passed.
Its title was amended to read: A joint resolution
submitting to the Legislatures of the several States
a proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I rise simply to say that
I now bid farewell to any hope of the Reconstruc-
tion of the American Union.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to ask a ques-
tion for the purpose of understanding a ruling of
the Chair. The ruling, 1 understand, is that the
vote as it stands now has no relation to the States
not represented on the floor. I think our vote
now being a final vote should have relation to all
the States as recognized under the Constitution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair rules
that a majority of all the Senators is a quorum,
and two thirds of the number voting, provided
a quorum votes, is sufficient to pass any resolu-
tion proposing an amendment to the Constitu-
tion.
Mr, McDOUGALL. I only desire the privi-
lege of saying that such is not the opinion I en-
tertain.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Oiduciii That when the Senate adjourn* to-day. it be to
meet on Monday next.
MESSAGK FROM THE HOUSE,
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Llotd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fob
