1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
2407
The next amendment wis in section sixty-one,
after the word " entries," in line one, to ilisert
il required to be;" in line two, after the word
" distiller" to strike out li required to be kept m
the foregoing section55 and to insert "as afore-
said ;" in line four, after the word " first" to strike
outkt tenth" and insert "eleventh," and to strike
out " twentieth" and insert " twenty-first;" and
in lines six and seven to strike out the words
to be taken as aforesaid-," so that the clause will
read:
That the entries required to be made in the books of the
distiller, as aforesaid, shall, on the 1st, 11th, and 21st days
of each and every month, or within five dajs thereafter, be
verified by oath or affirmation, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten, after the
words " assistant assessor" to insert " or officer."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four, section
sixty-three, after the word "dollar" to insert
" and fifty cents;" so as to read:
That thcie shall he paid on all beer, lager beet, ale, pol-
ler, and other similar termeuted liquors, by whatever name
such liquors may be cullcd, a duty of $1 50 lor each and
every bai rel containing not more than thirty-one gallons,&c.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is with a good deal of
regret that I oppose an amendment increasing the
tax on anything, because I am in favor of the
highest rate of taxation; but I have examined this
subject of the tax on beer, and I am satisfied that
the article will not bear the proposed increased
tax. In the first tax bill of 1862 we levied a tax
of one dollar per barrel upon beer. It was found
to operate very severely, and the next year it was
decreased to sixty cents a barrel. The House of
Representatives have now proposed to raise the
tax to one dollar a barrel, the same rale fixed by
the law of 1862. The Senate committee propose
to increase it fifty cents, so as to make the tax
§1 50 ft barrel. 1 believe I assented to that; but
I am satisfied on examination that the article will
not bear it.
I have before me a memorial signed by a com-
mittee of brewers from different portions of the
country, in which they set out the tax in other
countries on beer and malt liquors. 1 have also
before mc a table by which 1 have verified the
statements made by this committee. The highest
rate of taxation levied on maltliquors in anyother
country on earth is sixty-three and three fourth
cents per barrel of thirty-one gallons American
beer, which is the tax in England.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much do they put
on malt?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have looked to that. The
tax on nmlt is two shillings and seven pence per
bushel. In this memorial it is correctly computed.
The rate on malt and hops is equivalent to sixty-
three and three fourth cents a barrel of thirty-one
gallons American beer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do they not tax the beer ?
Mr. SHERMAN. They do not taxthe?beer.
They tax the malt and the hops. They tax malt
two shillings and seven pence per bushel of forty-
three pounds, and they impose a tax of two shil-
lings on a bushel of hops. The aggregate of the
tax, when computed, amounts to what I have
said, sixty-three and three fourth cents per barrel
of thirty-one gallons American beer. It seems
there is a difference in the weightof our malt and
I he weightof the English malt. The tax in Prus-
sia amounts to twenty-three cents per barrel of
thirty-one gallons of beer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is it on spirits?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know what the
tax on spirits in Prussia is. In England the tax
on spirits is ten shillings a gallon. The tax in
England on a gallon of whiaky is or #2 20, if
you call the shilling twenty-two cents, and it is
really worth twenty-four cents by the difference
in exchange, so that the rate of taxation proposed
to he levied by this bill without the amendmenton
malt liquor is one and two third limes the English-
tax, while our rate on spirits, even if we adopt the
highest sum here proposed, is only a little over
one half the English tax.
It struck me from the reading of this memo-
rial, which I think slates the case very fairly and
frankly, that the article will not bear a higher
late than that proposed by the House of Repre-
sentatives, which is one dollar a barrel,or a little
over three cents a gallon. That is the concur-
rent testimony of these people. It is an interest
which we ought not to sacrifice. Jt ought to pay
of course as much as we can possibly levy from
it; but as it takes but a comparatively few num-
ber of drinks of beer to make a gallon the tax
on the drink is really much heavier m the case of
beer than in the case of spirits.
I do not know that I can add anything to what
is said by these people in their memorial. If Sen-
ators desire any further explanation on the sub-
ject I should like to have the memorial read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee are not
very strenuous in respect to this tax; they had
some doubt about it themselves; but they recol-
lected certain facts. When we passed the tax
bill two years ago we put a duty of twenty cents
a gallon on spirifs, and one dollar a barrel on beer.
The objection made at that time by the manufac-
turers of beer was that the discrimination was not
sufficient; that really the tax on beer at one dollar
a barrel was too high in proportion to the tax on
spirits at twenty cents a gallon. What was ob-
jected to was the proportion, and they-said that
if the tax on beer could be reduced to sixty cents
a barrel it would make a proper proportion be-
tween the two, and they could get along. We
reduced it to sixty cents a barrel. We are now
raising spirits to §1 50, or, if you please to take
the lowest rate, $1 a gailon from twenty cents, a
five-fold increase. If we raise the tax on beer
from sixty cents to $1 50 a barrel the proportion
between the two will then be, compared with what
it was before, altogether in favor of the manufac-
turer of beer, so that we do not possibly do any
justice in that particular.
1 am awaie of the fact that the discrimination
in England is what has been stated in the memo-
rial; 1 have cast my eye over the memorial. It
is stated there that it was found that when the
rate upon beer was raised it very largely dimin-
ished the consumption, whereas raising the rate
on spirits did not decrease the consumption but
it kept on as before. We shall not gain much
by increasing the duty on beer, if we thereby
largely decrease the consumption; and that is
stated to be, and I presume coriectly stated to be,
the reason why the British Government finally
came back to their original position with regard
to beer.
It is a question involving considerable difficul-
ty. We thought on the whole that the matter
required further discussion between the two
Houses; and inasmuch as the other House put it
at one dollar, if we agreed to that rate it would
end the mutter and tt would no longer be open.
As we thought it would require more discussion
and examination, we deemed it better to change
the rale somewhat; and then finally in a,commit-
tee of conference, with all the advantages to be
derived from the information afforded to both
committees on the subject, the question can be
settled. I would prefer, therefore, thattheamend-
ment should be adopted now, although I do not
know that on more full examination i should be
in favor of changing the rate fixed in the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is only one third of
a cent on a glass.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very small. The
tax of $1 50 a barrel compared with the rate pro-
posed on whisky is nothing to be compared to
the ratio which before existed between the two.
It was sixty cents tax on a barrel of beer and twen-
ty cents on a gallon of whisky. Now we pro-
pose to put $1, and in a very short tinae $1 50, a
gallon on whisky, and $1 a gallon on beer, to
raise beer once and a half while we raise whisky
four or perhaps six times. I prefer to have this
amendment adopted, in order that the question
may still i.e open to both Houses.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe it is admitted on all
hands, and i think the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance admitted it to-day, that the tax
that we put upon whisky, if it had any tendency
at ail, would be rather to increase its production.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say it would not di-
mmish it.
Mr. GRIMES. It will not diminish it atany
rate, [should like to know if he can inform the
Senate whether the tax on beer has had the same
effcct.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is stated in the memo-
rial that it diminished the consumption very
largely.
Mr. GRIMES. That corresponds with the in-
formation I have derived from the brewers m the
town in which I live, and generally in the State
of which I am a citizen. They say that the effect
of the law we passed before, although it was a
small tax, as the Senator says it was, and as we
all know it was, had the effect then-, at sixty cents
a gallon, to reduce the production of beer a great
deal, especially of lager beer, that some portion
of my constituents*indulge in; and 1 fear that
their representations are true in regard to ihe
probable effect of this increase of tax, and that
the result will be that we shall drive our people
from a very harmless beverage to a very destruc-
tive one, whisky; and I prefer to have an oppor-
tunity to vote on this in some lhafpe or other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it produces that one
effect it will be to the advantage of the country,
because the tax being very much higher on
whisky, we shall get more money out of it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES, It may be to the advantage of
the revenue but to the destruction of human life;
and while we are legislating for the Treasury we
ought to legislate for the people.
Mr. HARRIS. I entered upon the considera-
tion of this bill with this piinciple before me as
my guide: that I would vote for the highest tax
upon everything; and I do not propose to depart
very seriously from that rule now. If! thought
the tax of $1 50 a barrel on beer would bring to
the Government more money than a tax of adol-
lar, 1 would vote for it. My own knowledge on
the subject^because I suppose the town in which
I reside manufactures more beer than any other
town in the.United States) is such as to lead me
to the conclusion that a tax of $1 will give the
Government more money than a tax of $1 50. I
understand, indeed H is staled in this circular to
which reference has been made, that now it costs
the manufacturer of beer somewhat over two dol-
lars a barrel more than it formerly did to manu-
facture the article, while he can get from his cus-
tomers not more than gl or at most §1 25 a barrel
more, so that this increase of the expense of
manufacturing falls on the manufacturer and not
on the consumer, to a very great extent. Its
effect has been to close up a great many little
manufacturing establishments. And there are
others who inform me that they would be very
glad to get out of it were it not for the fact that
they have so much capita! engaged in the busi-
ness that they cannot readily engage in any other
pursuit. My own apprehension is that if we im-
pose a tax of $1 50 a barrel on beer—an article
that cannot be accumulated like whisky and kept
on hand year after year; which mustbe consumed,
as this circular says, like bread; it cannot be kept
long; where the manufacturer must find his cus-
tomers as the baker his—it will greatly diminish,
as expedience has shown it did in England, the
manufacture and consumption of the article, I
think it will stand a dollar; and if I believed it
would bear more, I would vote for itas 1 will in
every case. My own impression, and a very
decided impression it is, too, is that a dollar is as .
much as the article will bear.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask Senators if they
will not consent to make some change by increas-
ing itsomewhat, in order to leave the matteropen
for further examination. I am hardly prepared
to close it now. Suppose they propose to put
the tax at $1 25?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not object to letting
the question go over. My action is based on
conversations with men engaged in this business
and on the memorial.
Mr. FESSENDEN. tf the facts are as they
are *ated, I am perfectly willing to yield, for my
only object is to get as much money as possible
for the Government consistently with justice, If
this increase is to have the effect that is supposeds
I prefer to let the bill remain as it is in this re-
spect; but it struck the committee on examina-
tion that it was hardly satisfactorily shown that
when we increased the'duties on spirits so largely
beer would not bear the increase here proposed.
1 would rather leave the matter open for consider-
ation by the conference committee than to close
it now by rejecting our amendment.
Mr- HARRIS. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "fifty" and inserting
" twenty-five,'* so as to make the tax $1 25 a
barrel.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to^
and the amendment, as amended, \tfa§ adopted,
