"1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imi
lowing bills and joint resolutions-, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 383) to incorporate the " Home for
Fihmdless Women and Children;"
A bill (No. 383) for the relief of Jesse Wil-
liams;
A joint resolution (No. 60) to refer the case of
James H. McCulloch to the Court of Claims;
A joint resolution (No. 61) referring; the case
of Charles Wilkes to the Court of Claims; and
A joint resolution (No. 02) for the relief of A.
S. Clark, postmaster at Harrison, Ohio.
The message further announced thatthe House
of Representatives had passed the hill of the Sen-
ate (No. 12) extending the time within which the
States and Tenitones may accept the grant of
lands made by the act entitled "An act donating
public kinds to the several States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of ag-
riculture and the mechanic arts," approved July
2, 1862.
5 ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Repieeentatives had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the Vicc President:
A bill (S. No. 79) to incoiporate Providence
hospital in the city of Washington, District of
Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 82) concerning notaiies public
for the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 155) to incorporate the Union
Gas-Light Company uf the Disttict of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 1G3) to authorize the Columbia
Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind
to confer degrees;
A bill (EI. R. C. C. No. 114) for the relief of
Daniel Wormer;
A bill (II. R. C. C. No. 115) for the relief of
Darius S. Cole;
A bill (H. R. C. C. No. 316) for the relief of
William G. Biown;
A bill (II. R. No. 302) to amend section nine
of the act approved July 17, 18G2, entitled " An
act to define the pay and emoluments of certain
officers of the Aimy, and for other purposes;"
and
A bill (H. R. No. 373) to appoint an appraiser
and assistant appraiser for the port of Portland,
and for other purposes.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
•Friday, JJpril 8, 1801.
The House metat twelve o'clonic,m.. Ptaycr by
the Chaplain, Rev. W. II. Ciianning.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. GANSON. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I submit a report fiom the Committee of
Elections in tiie case of contest between John P.
Biooks and Benjamin F. Loan, from the seventh
congicssional distuctof Missoun, and ask that
the resolutions bo read,and that the reportbelaid
upon the table and ordered to be printed.
The Clerk read as follows:
HcsoLcrd, That ttcnjaimn F. Loan is* not entitled to a
seat ni tlu-5 IJou-e ;i ItepieMMiutivo from the seventh
eonsiicssiminl di<ti;etot Missouri.
Ild'j/ved, That Jehu I'. Jirooks m not entitled to a seat
in Uu> Hoiw av a Rcpiesentative Irom the seventh eon-
gieshional di^tnet of Mi&souri.
Mr. UPSON. I submit the views of the mi-
nority of the committee, and ask that the resolu-
tion which accompanies them be lead.
The Cleik lead as follows;
Resolved, That Benjamin F. Loan is entitled to retain
his «eat ni tin.- HoUsf a-. a Repiesentaltve in Congress from
the seventh congtesMotml district of Missouri.
The several reports were laid upon the table and
ordered to be printed.
M r. G ANSON. I ask that this case be set down
for Wednesday of next week.
The SPEAKER. It is a question of privilege,
and the gentleman can call it up at any time.
TAXATION OF STOCK SALES, ETC.
Mr. 0DELL,by unanimous consent, submitted
the following lesolution; which was read, con-
sideied, and agieed tot
K'sjlved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to Inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
providing for an ad valorem tax upon nil sales of bonds,
stock?, specie, real estate, merchandise of eveiy deseiip-
tion.also upon receipts of ul! railroads, coaLga*, ferry,and
all oilier meoipoiated companies.
PENITENTIARY FOR THE DISTRICT.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
be House bill No, 16D, authorizing the construc-
tion of a penitentiary, jail, and house of correction
in and for the Disti ict of Columbia, reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
tTnion with a substitute, the pending motion being
to lay upon the tabic made, by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburne.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I ask the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw that motion so that I
mav move to strike out the fourth section.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill pro-
vides for the erection not only of a penitentiary,
but a jail and house of correction. Now, I do
not know but it may be necessary to make an
appropriation by Congress for a jail and a house
of coireclion. If the Committee for the District
of Columbia will agree to report back the bill in
that way 1 will withdraw mv motion to lav upon
the tablo.
Mr. TRACY. I have a motion pending to re-
commit which has that object in view.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Gentlemen can
trove instructions to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
my motion to lay upon the table with that un-
derstanding.
Mr HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move the follow-
ing instruction^:
Strike out all that iclates to a penitentiary and icpoita
bill appropriating for a jait and house of collection.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I do
not think I would be doing my duty if I did not
ask that the question of a penitentiary should be
acted on in some way or other. If the House
refuses to make an appropriation for that pur-
pose i should he satisfied. If I were to consent
to the recommittal of the bill with a view to the
striking out of all that relates to a penitentiary I
do not think I would be doing my duty.
If it is proposed to make this a test vote, and if
the committee are to undeistand that this House
will not build a jail, and will not build a peniten-
tiary, but will build a house of correction, then
the commitreo will know what to do. But I think
it imperativ   upon me, and upon the Committee
for the District of Columbia, to insist that there
shall he some action which will indicate to them
that this House will not make an appropriation
for a penitentiary and jail.
Mr. TRACY. With the permission of the
gentleman, I desire to say that if this proposition
should be adopted by the House I should con-
sidet it an inst.uctiuit to the committee to bring
in a bill providing for the erection of a house of
correction. I should deem it a specific instruc-
tion upon that point,and should consider that we
had nothing else to consider. It would not be
our province to consider whether the matter was
proper or not proper to be done, but I should le-
gard it to be our duty to bring in abill for a build-
ing of that sort.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend the in-
st uctions so as to instruct the committee to report
a I ill for the construction of a house of correction.
The SPEAKER. That is the nature of the
instructions now pending.
Mr. PATTERSON. When this matter was
up y sterday it was stated by one gentleman upon
this fi jor that the General Government had ap-
propriated $5,000,000 for private purposes in the
city of Washington. Now, sir, that was nut
original with the gentleman who uttered it. I
remember that in 1858 Mr. Johnson, of Tennes-
see, stated the same thing in the other end of the
Capitoi, and, sir, the position which he took was
thorough'y lefuted by Senator Wilson and Sen-
ator Seward at that time. There had been
$5,000,000 appropriated by the Government of
the United States for general purposes in thecity
of Washington; but out of that was taken a suf-
ficient amount to pave Pennsylvania avenue; out
of that also was taken a large amount for im-
provements of the Mall, and another part was
taken out for improvements of the triangular res-
ervations within the city. These are ml for pub-
lic purposes, and not simply for the private in-
terests of the city of Washington.
It was also stated that not more than one tenth
of the property in this city was owned by the
Government. Now, I believe, and it has so been
stated by the highest authority, that a little more
than one half of all the property in the city of
Washington is owned by the General Govern-
ment. Not one cent of tax is laid upon that
propei ty for the purposes of this city. The tax
which accrued in 3858 upon the private property
of this city was near two hundred thousand dol-
lars. Now, there is here an equal amount oT
pr< nerty belonging to the General Government
wh eh is untaxed. Is there any impropriety or
injustice in having -that property taxed for the
purposes set forth in this bill, the punishment of
criminals and the correction of juvenile offenders?
Wc should remember that many of these crim-
inals >re brought here by the circumstance that
this is the capital of the nation and the rendez-
vous of the Army in its passage southward and
westward. Such characters congregate here as
they do at the capital of every State and of every
great nation. Is there any injustice in having a
part of the funds of the General Government
appropriated, and that a very small portion, for
the purpose of the correction and punishment of
crime thrown largely into this District by these
circumstances? Ibelieve the constitutional ques-
tion has been settled, and it now is only a ques-
tion of policy, shall we appropriate $300,000 at
this time for this purpose, when the country is in
this great war to secure supremacy of the Govern-
ment and the independence of the people?
It must be remembeied that at the present time
all of the expenses of the trial and punishment
of these criminals are defrayed by the General
Government. Tins bill proposes that $100,000
of the whole amount required shall be taken from
the taxes laid upon the people of this District to
build this penitentiary, so that the expense shall
be divided. But if it is the judgment of this
House that this is not the proper time for put-
ting up these buildings, I can heartily acquiesce
in that judgment. I have no great earnestness of
feeling upon the subject. But there were one or
two remarks uttered yesterday by the gentleman
fiom Illinois [Mr. Washburne] to which I do
wish to call the attention of the House. It waff
admitted by himself that a huge pait of his re-
ma! ks was simply a figuie of speech, a sort of
Oriental picture, no doubt resulting from his having
his nativity down east. 1 shall not attempt in these
brief remarks to answer his eloquent frenzy, for
I i ave not the physical force to do that. A man's
binins ought to he in his knuckles in order to do
that appropriately. But there are two points to
which I desire to call the attention of the House.
I find in the morning papers these remarks:
Mi. Washbuknu, ot lihnoiss, aftrr saying that tlie gen-
tleman lK>m New Hampshire [Mr. I'ati£U&on] had  e;tda
h'eluic to lite committee, a-.ked where th ne letters had
been lotind; ami, among other things, icm.uked that the
uth'inau Iwdvuttd Jot .if-wtndle—tot <ui appuipriatiun of
$K!."> 000 to enlaige the (Jhrulestown navy-yard."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Where does
the gentleman find that report of my lemarks?
Mr. PATTERSON. In the Morning Chron-
icle, and the statement corresponds with my rec-
ollection of the gentleman's remarks.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. My remarks
are published in the Globe, which, I believe, is
the official oi^an of Congress.
Air. PATTERSON. I remember and will an-
swer to my lecollcetion of the gentleman's re-
marks, and he was understood by other members
of this House as I understood him, and I believe
the distmii ushrd chairman of the Naval Commit-
tee replied to the accusation that that committee
had brought m here a <4 swindle" and asked the
members of this House to vote for it.
Now, all I have to say is that if I voted for a
" swindle" on the Government of $135,000, I
had a great deal of very good company. I had
some of the most respeetableandintelhgentmem-
bers of this House to bear me company in that
matter; and, sir, I think it was hardly courteous
to this House or to any member of n for the gen-
tleman to rise in his place and accuse another
member of having voted for a swindle of £135,000.
I followed in that matter the lead of the high-
minded and distinguished chairman of the Naval
Committee, (Mr. Rice, of Massachusetts.] That
committee had given this matter a thorough in-
