1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
not take from him even his own local rights with-
out giving him a fair and honest compensation.
That, I believe, is the true theory of this whole
difficulty.
On the subject of emancipation I am ready now
to go as far as any one. Like all others, I hesi-
tated at first, because I could not sec the effect of
the general project of emancipation. I think the
time has now arrived when we must meet this
question of emancipation boldly arid fearlessly.
There is no other way. Slavery is destroyed, not
by your act, sir, or mine, but by the act of this
lebt'llion. I think, therefore, the better way wouid
be to wipe out all that is left of the whole trouble,
the deajl and buried and wounded of this system
of slavery. It is obnoxious to every manly and
generous sentiment. The idea that one man may
hold property in the life of another, may sell him
like cattle, is obnoxious to the common sentiment
of all. Now, when the power is in our hands,
when those rebels have broken down the barners
of the Constitution, when they must be treated by
the laws of war, when we dictate those laws, not
the Picsident, let us by law meet this question of
emancipation boldly and fearlessly. I am pre-
pared to do it, and to vote to-day, to-morrow, or
any day for a broad and general system of eman-
cipation. Then, sir, I would couple with that
idea fair, honest compensation to those loyal men
who, in the adhering States, own this class of
property. The amount paid to them would be in-
significant compared to the cost of this war.
These sacrifices we must make. I know we are
called upon to make more. What homestead in
this countiy has not made a sacrifice? What
family can you enter in this broad land where the
drapery of mourning is not hung over the hearth-
stone, where there are not sons and brothers and
kindred who have fallen in this war? Why, sir,
if you tell the young widow who has lost her hus-
band in this contest that she has not suffered as
much as the slaveholder of Kentucky will suffer
by the loss of his slaves she would consideryoua
fool or a madman. The mother who has seen her
noble son depart from her side full of the lusty
vigor of manhood and seen him again return
broken by disease, ready almost to die—I ask you
whether her sufferings and sacrifices are not greater
than that of any slaveholder in the woild?
Ttell you, Mr. President, this war has in my
judgment demonstrated the necessity in this re-
publican form of government of doing what our
forefathers hesitated about doing, to wipe out with
one bold and manly stroke of legislation, not of
proclamation, the whole system of slavery in this
country. Then, when this is done, for the good
that it will bring upon us, for the honor it will
bring upon our race, for the gloi y it will blirig oil
our country, then free in every sense of the word,
we can afford to deal generously with those whose
local interests we have saci ificed and whose prop-
crty we have taken.
1 see before me, then, a plain path of duty. 1
shall insist that, as the icsult and consequence of
this rebellion, the system of slavery shall disap-
pear from among the institutions of our people,
and I shall desire to protect and compensate all J
can the loyal slaveholder, to preserve unimpaired
evei y feature of our Gov ei nment, to preserve un-
impaiied the rights of all the States. I am will-
ing to temper this system of compensation to the
action of the States themselves. I am wi'ling to
move slowly, surely; and as I see movements are
going on in Maryland, Missouri, West Vu^ima,
and I trust soon in Kentucky and Tennessee, to
wipe out this system by the action of those Stales,
I shall not interfere with that action. Hut, sir,
for one, while 1 hold a seat on this floor I shall
insist that, as the result of this war, as the great
punishment of this rebellion,as the great good to
be derived fiom it, the system of ltivohuitai y sla-
very shall disappear fiom among us. Although
our generation may have made ail the sacrifices of
the war I believe the futiue will reap all the ben-
efit. Our nation, now thirty millions, m fifty
years will be an untold number. Throw open
the South, throw open the West to emigration
from all the countries of the world, and a single
g< notation of men, free, industiious, and happy,
will compensate our nation for all the losses and
sacrifices of this great war.
But, sir, while you leave upon our national rec-
oid a single spot of that institution which has
created all our broils and all our controversies,
which has lam at the root of all our troubles, we
are not safe. The frnmers of the Government
believed that this institution would pass gently
awny. It has not done so. Where a once gets
a foothold it- wilt extend itself. Therefoie, I am
for the broadest extirpation, the broadest eradi-
cation of this institution, so far as I can within
the power contained in the Constitution of the
United States; Hut, sir, in doing that I consider
this nation rich enough and strong enough to deal
generously and liberally with those who, while
they owned this property, have yet been true to
oui countiy and true to our flag.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to ask the Senator from
Ohio, with, his permission, whether I understood
him as saying in the course of his argument that
he was prepared to enter upon a system of com-
pensation to all the non-slaveholders for the losses
and sacrifices they had suffe:ed in this war?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh,no. I expressly stated
that by the laws of war all the losses and sacri-
fices by private citizens in the course of the war
were not to be compensated by the Government.
Mr. BROWN. Then I wish to know why it
is that the Senator distinguishes on the point of
compensation in favor of the slaveholder as against
the non-slaveholder.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer very promptly
I do not. If I go into Missonri and take the per-
sonal property of the Senatorfrom Missouri, and
use it in the service of the United States, I am
bound to pay for it; but if the public enemy should
go there and take his private property, and use
it or destroy it, the Government is not bound to 1
pay for it. I would apply the same rule precisely i
to this th'S.s of property as to other personal
property; and in considering the question of com-
pensation 1 would make all deductions for that
necessary diminution of value which the rebellion
has caused to slavery.
Mr. COWAN. J should like to ask the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio a question. I want to
know whether 1 undeistand him on this point: 1
understand him to say that, in his opinion, the
power of this Government to free slaves is a bel-
ligerent right. Do 1 undeistand him to say that
this Congiess, the municipal legislature, is the
organ through which the nation manifesis itself
in the exercise of that light, or whether the Ex-
ecutive is the orgt'n ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senatorcould not have
listened to me, or he would have answered that
question himself. I think Congress must pass
rules and regulations by which oui Army shall
be organized, say who shall be in the Army, what
they shall be pa'id being m the Army, and how
they shall be managed; that is, the rules and reg-
ulations govei ning the oigauization of the Auny.
When they arc in the field m the face of the en-
emy, the President, a? Commander-in-Chief, as
a matter of course designates that this division
she I i go here, and a nor her d i vision there, (fee.
Mr. COWAN. That is not exactly the ques-
tion I put. ft is this: I understand the bill now
before the Senate pi ovules not only for liberating
the (Mil is ted person, but it also goes further and de-
clares that lus mother, his wife1, and his children
shall also be liberated. As I understand the ar-
gument it is that by \ n tue of our belligerent jt i^hts
against the rebels—who are belligerents, this being
an actual war, we have the r;ght to do that thing'—
we have the right to hheiate slaves. _13ut the ques-
tion I desire to ask is this: whiHi is the proper
organ of the Government for that purpose? Is
it the municipal legislature or is it the Executive
of the nation? Which oi the two is it that comes
in contact with belligerents when the nation is m
war, after the declaration ot war has been made.'
As I understand it, Congress has the nsrlu to de-
ciaio war. That is an exceptional power that it
enjoys. In other couti'ru-s the executive or the
monaich, the sowieign, has the right to declare
war; but in this country Congnss decides that
question. It' war is deeiaied, then who is it that
is to determine what shall be Cone as against the
belligerent: or, m other woids, who shall detet m-
ine what shall he done under the laws of war as
against this belligerent? Is it the President, or is
it the leg'.sieture?
Mr. GRIMES obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think 
Mr GRIMES. If the Senator wishes to an-
swer the question of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, I will give way. I rose merely to move an
adjournment; not that I want the floor, but the
idea of catechizing a Senator after making a speech
over two horns long, seems rather a strange one.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
answer the question.
Mr. COWAN. I want to understand the Sena-
tor's position on that point.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator wants to make
a speech now I will give way, otherwise I will
move an adjournment.
Mr. CARL1LE. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion for a moment.
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. CARL1LE The profound respect I en-
tertain for the sincerity of the convictions of the
Senator from Ohio, who has just addressed the
Senate, as well as the importance of the subject
under consideration as presented by him, has
caused me to rise and say to the Senate, if they
\$iil indulge me by an adjournment, I shall attempt
to discuss this proposition and reply to some of the
erroneous positions, as I think, taken by my friend
from Ohio. In Older that I may not at the mo-
ment do him injustice, I desire to have the speech
of the Senator as it will be reported in the Globe
before mc before I reply; and therefore I am will-
ing to have an adjournment now.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me to
move to go into executive session instead of an
adjournment ?
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, jfebruary 2, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
VERMONT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution by the Legislature of the
State of Vei mont approving of the plan for ship
navigation from the Mississippi river to the eastern
seaboard by means of a ship canal, and requesting
their Senators and Representatives to use their ex-
ertions to the accomplishment of the object.
He also, by unanimous consent, presented a
joint resolution by the Legislature of the State of
Vermont instructing their Senators and requesting
their Representatives to use their influence to se-
cure such modification of the post office laws as to
allow the transmission through the mails of pack-
ages to soldiers at the same rates as now required
for the transmission of books.
He also, by unanimous consent, presented a
joint resolution by the Legislature of the State of
Vermontinstructing theirSenatorsand requesting
their Representatives to exert their influence for
the passage of a law which shall secure equal pay
to all soldiers now or hereafter mustered into the
service of the United States.
The resolutions were laid on the table.
COMPENSATION OF INSPECTORS.
On motion of Mr. Fenton, by unanimous con-
sent, Senate bill No. Cfi, to inciease the compen-
sation of inspectors of customs m ceitein ports,
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
PURCHASE OF NAVAL SUPPLIES.
Mr. FENTON asked the consent of the House
to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, Thai the Sccietaiy ofthe \avy be lequcsted to
itiibna this Tlouoc, if not incompatible with the public in-
|ere«t, whethei the supplies foi that Depaitmentdurin<r the
pa-4 fiscal vear weie purchased upon contiaet, a^requued
by i.nv; and n nor, wli.it pioporiion thereof and oi what
kinds weie purchased in. open market; that lie aho inform
the House whettiei pmchases weie made in any of the
bureaus of hn Depnttnentw itnoutadvei rising toi piopo.-als,
■ind whether by oth« r olhcei-? than the Navy agent?, mid by
what anthoiity puicha=es weie ?-o mafic, and of wnat arti-
cles; and that he aho inioun the House of the practice of
askinii niop'^a'-j tot supplies in classes,giving ibeeoniiact
to the"lowest aveiage bju^ for a class of articles, oftentimes
to the creat pecuniary disadvantage of the Government, in-
as-much a* tiie price may be low on certain articles when
few arc required and high on others of which latge quanti-
lipa are requited ; and whethei the practice ot inviting pro-
