446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
posais ami awarding bids m tins manner if- required by law;
and that lie also inform the House whether any, and if so
What, alterations in the lawn relating to the purchase of
naval supplies are, in his opinion, necessary.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not object to the res-
olution if the gentleman will modify it by striking
out" if not incompatible with the public interest,"
and also strike out the word " requested" and in-
sert in the place of it the word " directed." I
believe it is not usual to insert the words " if not
incompatible with the public interest" in resolu-
tions calling for information from the head of a
Department, and I can conceive of no possibility
of the information now called for being not com-
patible with the public interest.
Mr. FENTON. Understanding that the modi-
fications suggested by the gentleman from Indiana
are in accordance with the usual custom in such
resolutions, I will accept the modifications.
The resolution was then, by unanimous con-
sent, received, considered, and adopted.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, le-
Eorted from the Committee of Ways and Means a
ill making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending the 30th of June, 1865;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, ordered to bo printed, and mado thespecial
order for Tuesday next, and from day to day until
disposed of.
PRINTING OP NAVY HECIISTER.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed two thousand five hun-
dred copies of the Navy Register for the year 1864. for the
u-.e of the members of this House.
BOUNTIES AND ARREARS 01' PAY.
Mr. HALE. In response to inquiries which
have been made as to the cause of the great delay
which has arisen in the payment of the bounties
and arrears of pay in the cases of wounded and
deceased soldiers, I have received the following
communications, which I ask to have read, and
printed in the Globe.
The Clerk read, as follows:
• Treasury Department, January 18, 18Gi.
Sir: I beg leave to inclose a report of the Second Aud-
itor of the Treasury, in response to in(|tunes made by vou its
uliuiimnn of the Committee of Claims in tile House of
lleprosentatives.
It will gratily you to observe that the principal cause of
delay arising from want of room tor the accommodation of
an increased clcrical I'oico having been partially removed,
and the lbree largely, though still tuiuiliciently, augmented,
the settlements arc now made with mueli greater prompti-
tude andiapidlty than herctnloie. Five thousand four hun-
dred and tlnrty-five moie claims weic settled than were re-
ceived during the months ol December and November.' It
is my hope that sufficient room may soon In: obtained tor
all clerks that arc needed tor the piompt diMi.ueh ot this
important busmen.
1 agree with the Auditor that the hill proposed by Hon
Mr. FraroN in the House will, if it shall become a law,
gieatly laelht'ite thesettlement ot the-e nu ritorlous el.uni^,
awl shaie his conviction that nothing has been lelt undone
that could he done by any buieau with the same 100m and
force to settle thuin at the eailiust possible moment,
I trust if will bo po <ible witlun a shoit time by the md
of the halation now in piogie-sso to bring up all" work ol
this description a*, to leave no cause to complain of delay
to any one.
Very respectfully, S. P. CIIAtfR
SeaeUnyoJ the Ticusmy.
Hon. J. T. II.vu:, Chairman Committee of Claims, House
of Representatives.
Treasury DRI-ARTMENT,
Skcond Auditor's Offi< e, Januau/ 1-1, 1864.
Sin: In complianee with your inque.n and in reply to
inquiries relating to the claims of deceased and di*-chaiged
soldieis, ancfto the causes of delay in their settlement, ni.ule
bv lion. James T. IIalk. chairman of the Committee of
f'laimsof the House ot Representatives, I have the honor to
report:
siich claims have been geneially settled up to the
31st of December, 186-2, where the rolls could be obtained,
and m cases whcie the muster and pav rolls lor November
and December emluaeed also tho month? of January and
rein nary, lt-63, settlements aie being made to the latter
period.
On the 1st day of January, HJ6-1, thru: weie on hand and
unsettled ot this class of claims J ,870. Tbeie weic settled
dining the year 13,407. ° 1
On the 1st day of January, 1863, the number on hand
and unsettled was J7,X><1. I he numliei settled dining the
year was .lj ,07, ami there remained on hand unsettled, on
the 1st day ot Januaiy, lBb4,74,390
A v;uh ty of causes hav« eontnbuted to delay the settle-
ment of tins cte<s of claims. Inability to obtain the neces-
sary rolls, detective rolls, and insufficient proof of death 1
may be refeired to as anion;* them, but the principal catno :
of this vast accumulation Is cliaigeublc to an insufficiency
of clerical force.
This* subject has been the constant source of deep solici-
tude. In my annual icport, under date of November 19,
3861, and some three months after I was placed in charge
of this buieau, the following language occurs:
" By reference to the monthly repoits from this office,
made to your Depai tment since the close of the fiscal year,
it will appear that there has been a constant and rapid in-
crease ot its business beyoiul the capacity of my present
clerical force to perform, and that, in sorne'of its divisions,
there has been an accumulation of unsettled claims. This
has been unavoidable.
"The present clerical force in this office was intended
to be and is only adequate to the prompt settlement of the
cm rent business arising under the peace establishment of
the Atmy, demanding an annual expendituie of twelve or
fourteen million dolkus. It is limited by law to one chief
clcik, eleven clerks of the thud class, seven of the second,
and three of the first.
u During the Mexican wai, and for sevcial succeeding
years, the force was increased to forty-nine clerk*,and yet
the business fell sadly m arrear, and the delay attendant
upon the adjustment of claims and debts against the Gov-
ernment was the occasion of great inconvenience and in-
justice to claimants and cieditors.
" The tiue interest of the Government, as well as justice
to claimant*, demands that settlements should be made
promptly and without delay. To accomplish this object
a sufficient force of competent accountants should be em-
ployed to prevent an accumulation of claims in the office.
" ffthc incicaso of the Army and its expenses duiing the
Mexican war cieated a necessity for more than doubling
the number of clerks in this office, it will be apparent that
the business giowiug out of the employment ot an Anny
of half a million men, and the disbuisoments of thiee or
four hundred million dollars per annum, will require a
much larger clerical force in the offices auditing war ac-
counts and claims.
" In view of the recent increase of the business, I be-
lieve that within the next six months at least fifty additional
clerks will bo necessaiy to perform the current work of the
office, and I hope that you may deem itpiopor to urge upon
Congress the neeessityof authorizmgsuch a tempoiaiy in-
crease ot tho clerical force as a piompt adjustment ol claims
may requne."
The attention of Congress was invited to therecommend-
atioii, and in the following Mav the authority for a general
increase of clerical force in the Treasury Depaitment was
given, but at that time the current business ot the office
had so inciiMsed that, notwithstanding the additional force
which the Secict.uy had assigned to it in anticipation of
the action of Confess, it became neeossaiv to employ a
large poition of the additional foice in leyistenng, buefi'n«
examining, and tiling claims and letter, and in attending To
the correspondence necessary to prepaie the claims tor
settlement.
With the increase of clerks came the necessity foi suit-
able looms for their accommodation. Earnest effoits weie
made by the Depaitment fiom time to time to obtain them
at my icquest, but only with paitial success, as the other
poi turns of the building were wanted ior the accommoda-
tion ot buieaus ot other Departments.
As the tiles of tin* office embiace all the vouchee of
disbursements for the pay of the Army, the puichase of
OKinance and oidnance stores lor recruiting, tor medical
and hospital pmpnsc«,and for tho Indians,since 1817, they
could not with propriety be removed into a building not liie-
proof, and thus expose them to destruction ; and no suit-
able building other than the one now occupied could bo
obtained. Not could settling clerks be detached and di.s-
tubuted in other buildings without sefh.Ui-iy uiipaiiin" the
efficiency of the office, and in< reading the usk of ioshi"
themusu-i and pa>-rolls, which aie usually voucheis in
paymaster' unsettled accounts, and bonowed fiom those
accounts to settle the claims ot deceased and dischaiged
soldier*. Under these consideiations no eotusc eouhfbe
pui'-ucd but to till such looms us could be obtained with
clerks, and use cveiy possible pffni r to keep down the accu-
mulation ot business until suitable looms lor a sufficient
clerical loice could be obtained. This has been done, and
there has been no tune sinee the ili*-t allowance and ap-
pointment of additional eletks to this office in JPlL> when
the looms have not been filled beyond their capacity for
< onvt nicnce and he.iltli.
Since the 22d day ot September last about sixty cleiks
have been added to tin- bmeau to o< cupv the looms va-
cated bj the teimnal ol the otlice of t|!t' Fomih Auditor
jo the Tiea-uny building and. as the peneial detail- of us
business had been piovided loi, ueailv the whole tumiher
wcie attuned to the duty of- etiling soldieis' claims Tln-v
weie entnely unacquainted with the principles oi detail's
involved in ^ueh sculemonts, and will jet become moie
etlective as the} become mote lamiliai with the business;
but u gives me plea.-aue to infoini you that, through their
aid, five thousand tout bundled and ilmn five moie eases
weie settled than weic icceivcd in the months ot Novem-
her end IVeeinboi. The nunilii r of ra-c> settled in Oeto-
hot v\ as 4, J JO , m ?vovenibei, G,44G ; and in December, 9,090.
It may be lanly e^tuiMted that, under favoiablc circum-
stances, settlements mav be made at the late ot about ten
thousand a month without any turthei increase ofcloiical
toice; and that bj' the middle oi hi^t of August next all
claims now in the office, u here the iieec=su, v evid-nce can
be obtained, will be settled. During the last M\ months
the i eceipts ol^ applications have fallen ojrsevoal thousand
troin those of the m* pteceding months, oi 0{ the cone-
.'pouding mouths „f 1802, so that, while the delnv now ex-
lstmg in inakingsetilenienfs u ill be constantly diminishing,
it must diminish moie i.ipullv «i> ihc bu ine«.s of the la^t ^i v
months ot IdJ.S is icaehed, and,-o contunio unf.i the -hort-
(st jieuod within which -ettlemenfs can be made will have
been aiiaiued.
^InivMomu 1-. needcci for 111,; cruivcnicnce. eemlnit. and
hee h ot the eieiks tl,.,,, ,s now n^ncd t„ thi, h'uem,
l , CAeepiion ot torn, tile loon,. a,e net hiiKu.ttie
'""t"-ingle window, and.-ire without am piopur
cm ,', y<!t f'" c,clki> •u,!l ocui.,ion,dlj nine. ,11 e
compelled to wmk in each of the.-,, looms, ft it -hall he
deemed advisable to expedite the settlement of accumu-
lated claims by a still iaiger tempoiaiy increase of clerks,
additional office loom is imperatively leqtilred.
Allusion has been made already to some other causes of
delay. Although settlements are still delayed by the want
of the pay and mustei-iolls necessai j to settle the accounts,
there is reason to believe that an administiative exam-
ination of the paymasters' accounts, in the order in which
■payments are made, will remove.that obsti uction and place
the rolls in possession of this otlice as rapidlv as they may
be required.
The bill proposed by Hon. Mr. Fenton in the House of
llepresentatives, if enacted, will remove the difficulties
which now exist in relation to evidence of death, and also
as to payments and allowances to soldieis in hospitals, and,
if strictly enforced, will very gieatly facilitate the settle-
ment ot claims.
Sharing in the anxiety often expressed by you that this
class of claims should be settled at the earliest possible mo-
ment as a solemn duty of the Government to a clrtss of cit-
izens sufficing by reason of patriotic sacrifices, nothing has
been left undone that could be done by this bureau to ac-
complish that end; and it gives me great pleasure to assure
you of the zeal and patient industry with which the clerks
m this bureau have stiuggled to meet the almost over-
whelming demand upon it.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, E. 13. FRENCH,
Second Auditor.
Hon. S. P. Chase, Secretary of the Treasury.
Paymaster General's Office,
Washington, December 21, 1863.
Sir : I have the honor to forward herewith a copy of a
communication from Hon. James T. Hale, chauman of
the Committee of Claims of the House of Representatives,
dated December 19,1863, and requesting information with
legard to the delay in settling claims of deceased and dis-
abled* soldiers in the offices o"f the Paymaster Gcncial and
Second Auditor, with any suggestions to remedy the same
that can be offered.
In reply to this communication I would respectfully sub-
mit the following report:
As regards disabled soldiers who are discharged from ser-
vice on account of wounds or disability, their final accounts
aie not settled in the office of the Paymaster General, but
by the various paymasters in the field or at the nnmeious
posts where such paj masters are stationed thioughoijt the
countiy. lam not aware of the slightest delay in the set-
tlement of such claims having occuricd, noi has any well-
founded complaintof that cliaiacter evei been made to this
Department. On the contrary, it is believed that the dis-
charged s-oldicrri have been paid with commendable prompt-
ness. These soldieis aie requiied to have ceitain dis-
charge papeis, which contain a statement of the amount of
paj, clothing, &c., due them at the time of their di^chaige,
and aceoidmg to winch the paymas-tcis settle their :?c-
counts. These papers are madeoutby theircompaiiy offi-
cer- m the field, or suigeons m ehaige oftheho-pitalsfrom
which they may be discharged, and the paymasteis have
no control whatever over the same, but must be guided
conclusively by what is stated in them. These papeis are
often giossly defective or incorrect; and the soldiers or the
United States are thereby (as the eirors are on one side or
the other) made the lo&ers by theignoianee or carelessness
ot the officers who thus make out these dischaige papeis.
The only icmedy that can be suggested for this evil is to
requne gieater cure 011 the part ot bitch officers in the per-
formance of this duty, and to punish, as a militaiv offense,
any neglect or omission ill making out coireet discharge
papers. ®
15y act of 3d IVJarch, 1863, the $100 bounty pieviouslv
granted to soldiers who had served two yeais was allowed
to all soldieis who were discharged on account of wounds
leceived in action before having rendered such two years'
sei vice. The paymasters were instructed to pay ihe claims
under that act at the same time that they settled theariears *
ot pay, &c., due such disabled men on their dischai e
papers. °
The Second Auditor of the Tieasury, however, refused
to pass any accounts of paymasteis for such disbursements,
and directed that the same should be at once suspended.
The leason given by-the Second Auditor was that C'on«re&s
had made 110 appropriation for the payment of such cl.um«.
All payments of such bounty to wounded men were there-
lorn -u-pended undei this lulmgof the Auditor, and all
claims undei that act aie still unsettled.
This Depaitment was and is ready to pay this bounty as
soon as authoj izcd by the proper authority.
As legards the settlement ot the claims of deceased sol-
diers, 1 would lespeetfully state that such settlements are
assigned by a formal and standing and well-consideied reg-
ulation of 1830 lo tj,0 Second Auditor of the Treasury, and
that neither the Paymaster General nor any of his ofliceis
have any contiol or authoiity m the matter. The reasons
for placing the settlement oi these claims in chaige of the
Second Auditor are obvious. The rolls'ofthe different
regiments, batteiies, &c., in service on which the paymas-
ter make payment* are foiwaided by them in the couise
of a few weeks after such payment? to the office of the Pay-
master General, where they receive a proliminarv examin-
ation,and are then forwaided to the Second Auditoi of the
i're.isuiy for final settlement of the paymasters' accounts
as disbursing officer responsible to the Treasuiy Deiuut-
ment tor the public funds received hom it. These'accounts
remain foiever alter on file in the office of tlie Second Aud-
itor whe.e they can at any time be ,efeired to ; and fiom
the date contained on Mich rolls. as iclates to tho de-
ceased soldiers, the necessary infoimation is obtained to
settle the amounts due them at the tune of their decease.
It is appaient, therefore, that it would be impossible to
commit the claims of deceased soldiers to the pa\*master
who pays the icgtmciU, &e. He retains the rolls and the
loqmied information only for a few weeks, and the neces-
sai> claims o, rhehen^&c .enuldnot po.^ibly be prcpaied
and pioved m that tunc. For the ^ame reasonthese claims
con.d not be seftied in thoofficeof the Paymaster General,
where these accounts and tolls icniain only ashoit time in
