uu
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
is about to be invaded. I recognize the justice of
this claim of Pennsylvania. The State of Penn-
sylvania rebelled an invasion. How often has
my State done it? It has repelled invasion al-
most every month of the year. Not only has it
repelled it once, twice, thrice, four times, but it
is now called upo.n to repel it again. Yqu have
no Federal troops scarcely in the State of Mis-
souri. 1 suppose there are not three thousand of
them in the whole State. If the invasion is to be
repelled our people must again rise and do it.
We have to fepel an invasion every summer from
Arkansas and Texas, and it is coming again. As
1 said a little while ago, it will be upon us in the
course of a few days, and this Senate mighty as
well recognize the fact that a formidable invasion
will enter Missouri in the course of a short time.
The whole State is now full of guerrillas from
Price's army. They have come into the State
breathing vengeance and swearing that they will
.recover the State to the confederate arms, and
they are now in the brush throughout the State,
organizing preparatory to the invasion, when the
uprising will take place in almost every commu-
nity of ihc State. Our people are to be called out,
and our State is to be agait? called upon to pay
them, because this Congress has made no pro-
vision whatever to do it.
Sir, our houses have been burned; almost one
fourth of the buildings in the State have been
burned down; our fences have been destroyed;
our people are reduced to degradation and misery.
Pennsylvania has been unscathed by this rebel-
lion; and yet we are told that this bill is pecu-
liarly for the benefit of Pennsylvania. Why, sir,
the House of Representatives have sent us no bill
peculiarly for the benefit of Pennsylvania. It is
rather a bill for the benefit of Missouri than of
Pennsylvania, and now we are to be turned off
in the very last days of the session, when there
ia no time for a new bill to go through all the
forms of legislation, to go to the committees and
be passed by Congress. I am not to blame that
this ia the case, because the order calling out the
militia in my State was only made yesterday.
Let justice be done; lot this bill go back to the
House of Representatives with the amendment of
my colleague, and let it be passed; let it provide
fur our people during the coming summer.
Sir, I have some feeling upon this measure. If
this is not done, our people in Missouri will again
he subject to be butchered. We deserve it more
than Pennsylvania. The houses of Pennsylvania
have not been burned down. I believe there h\ive
been no levies made upon the people by confed-
erate troops except in one little town of the State.
They have been made upon our citizens for the
last three yearx, and will again lie made this
summer. Their property will be taken, their
cattle driven off, their horses stolen, their houses
burned, their children conscripted into the con-
federate service. That is the kind of work going
on in the State to-day; and yet we aie told, be-
cause the first section of tins bill provides for a
claim of Pennsylvania nru'ichants who expended
a little money for the sake of their own property,
for fear Lee would enter the city of Philadelphia
and burn it, that this is o bill exclusively and
peculiaily for the benefit of Pennsylvania. Ideny
it. No such bill is before this body. A bill came
here for the benefit of every State in the Union,
and this body struck out that portion which ap-
plied to the other States, and now it is a bill for
the benefit of Pennsylvania. Sir, I want the bill
to remain as it came from the other House. Let
it be for the benefit of somebody else.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 call for the oider of the day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Air. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint reso-
lutions; whirh were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore:
A hill (S. No *233) mskingan additional grunt,
of lauds to the Srate of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of a rnihoad and telegraph line;
A bill (S. No. 542) to establish Portland, in the
State of Oregon, and Leavenworth, in the State
Kansas, ports of delivery;
.A bill (S. No. 264) for the disposal of coal
lands and of town property in the public domain;
A bill (S. No. 272) to facilitate trade on the
Red river of the North;
A bill (S. No. 273) to compensate the officers
and crcw of the iron-clad gunboat Essex for the
destruction of the rebel ram Arkansas;
A bill (S. No. 289) for the relief of Ida Hoff-
man; ^
A bill (S. No. 292) to provide for the officerrng
of the Navy;
A bill (S. No. 298) to incorporate the Potomac
Ferry Company;
A bill (S. No. 290) authorizing the levy court
of Washington county,in the Districtof Colum-
bia, to levy and collect its portion of the direct
tax imposed by the act of August 5, 1861;
A bill (S. No. 301) for the sale of a lotofland
in Iowa, in the Port Crawford reservation;
A bill (S. No. 302) to encourage and facilitate
telegraphic communication between the ©astern
and western continents;
A bill ($. No. 305) for the relief of George F.
Ncsbitt;
A bill (S. No. 308) repealing so much of "An
act to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1864, and for other purposes,"approved
March 14, 1864, as appropriates $25,000 for erect-
ing a naval hospital at Kittery, Maine;
A bill (S. No. 312) to regulate the compensa-
tion of registers and receivers of the land offices
in the several States and Territoiies in the loca-
tion of lands by States and corporations under
grants from Congress, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No.'319) to authorize the Secretary
of the Interior to issue aland warrant to Richard
Fitch, of Ohio;
A bill (S. No. 321) to authorize the corpora-
tion of Washington, to levy and collectthe direct
tax imposed by the act approved August 5,1861;
A bill (S. No. 324) prescribing the punishment
for enticing or aiding seamen to desert the naval
service of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 332) to establish salaries for
postmasters, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (8. No. 6) for the relief of
the State of Wisconsin;
A joint resolution (S. No. 38) explanatory of
the tenth section of an act to reduce the ex-
penses of the survey and sale of the public lands
in the United States, approved the 30th day of
May,'l8G2;
A joint resolution (S. No. 40) for the relief of
Carlisle Doble;
A joint resolution (S. No. 66) providing for
the adjustment of the accounts of Henry W.
Diman;
A joint resolution (S. No. 69) regulating the
investment of the naval pension fund;
A joint resolution (S. No. 70) to authorize the
acquisition of certain land for the use of the Gov-
ernment hospital for the insane;
A bill (H. R. No. 133) for the relief of Wil-
liam Sawyer and others, of the State of Ohio;
A bill (H. 11. No. 162) for the relief of Rich-
ard G. Murphy;
A bill (H. R. No. 346) for the relief of Chailcs
M. Wethenll;
A bill (II. R. No. 347) for the relief of Mar-
tha Jane Skaggs;
A bill (If. It. No. 466) for the relief of the
widow of C. A. Haun;
A bill (II. It. No. 470) to authorize assimilated
rank to be given to the warrant officers of the
United States Navy, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. II. No. 550) to establish Colfax
street in the city of Washington and District of
Columbia; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 39) for the re-
lief of Alexander Cross.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A messagp from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had yesterday approved and
signed the following act*:
An art (S. No. 190) authoi izing the Secretary
of the Navy to appoint a commission to select a
site for a navy-yard or naval station on the west-
ern wateis, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 199) relating to the compensa-
tion of pension agents;
An act (S. No. 203) authorizing a grant to the
State of California of the Yosemite Valley and
of the land embracing the Mariposa Big Tree
Grove; , ,
An act (S. No. 226) to aid in the settlement,
subsistence, and support of the Navajo Indian
captives upon a reservation in the Territory of
New Mexico; and
An act (S. No. 335) to carry into effect a con-
vention between the United States of Amencaand
the United States of Colombia.
COMMITTEE ON CONTINGENT EXPENSES.
Mr. CLARK. By the indulgence of the Sen-
ate 1 will state that it is necessary that another
member should be appointed upon the Committee
to Atidit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate. There is only one member here,
and it is necessary that some bills should be paid
before the Senate adjourns. I desire that the Sen-
ate will order some person to be appointed on
that committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomerot
in the chair.) That order will be made, if tiieie
be no objection, and the appointment will be made
by the President pro tempore of the Senate.
Mr. Willey was subsequently appointed.
ORDER OI? DDSINESS.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone the present"
arid all other orders for the purpose of taking up
and considering House bill No. 244.
Mr. DAVIS. I have the floor upon the order
of the day.
Mr. WADE. I suppose it is in order for me
to move to postpone that.
Mr. DAVIS. But you cannot take the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio was recognized by the Chair,and the
motion to postpone the [lending and all prior or-
deis to consider the bill indicated is in order, and
that is the question before the. Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I uppcat from that decision of
the Chair. When the Senate adjourned last
night,the joint resolution (H. R. No. 8*1) author-
izing the President to constructs military railroad
from the valley of the Ohio to East Tennessee
was under consideration; I had the" floor upon that
subject, and before I had concluded my remarks
I gave way for a motion to adjourn, and that of
course leaves me upon the floor when that sub-
ject is taken up again.
Mr. WADE. That is all true; but I move to
postpone that and all other orders. There is no
doubt that when that subject comes up again tho
Senator from Kentucky will be entitled to the
floor upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time hav-
ing passed, and the Senator having waived his
right, ill the opinion of the Chair the motion of
the Senator from Ohio is in order.
Mr. COWAN. I hope prior orders will not be
postponed, and I have a word to say upon that.
1 think 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. DoestheSen-
ator from Kentucky insist on Ilia appeal from the
decision of the Chair?
Mr. DAVIS. I want thatquestion decided. I
have not so understood the principle of parlia-
mentary law heretofore. If that is to be the rule,
I think it is a novelty, and I want to understand
it that I may act upon it. I should have called
for the order of the day at the regular hour if 1
had not been assured thufby common consent, I
agreeing, the measuie the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania has under cliaige would not displace my
bill. I therefore declined to call for the order of
the day. I understand it to be the practice that
when a measure is continued over the time for
taking up the order of the day by general con-
sent it does not displace the oriler of the day
when it is called for, nor does it displace the right
of any Senator who was upon the floor upon the
order of the day from resuming the floor when
the order of the day is called up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand ns the
judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. DAVIS. 1 dilt for the yeas and nays upon
that question.
The yea? and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. 1 think the point is here: the
order of the dny has been displaced by the unan-
imous consent of the Senate in taking up other
business, and it is not in order for any one Sen-
