TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
vestigation, and they brought forward this prop-
osition, and said that the demands of the country
were such that we should vote for that appropri-
ation. Before voting upon it I also asked the ad-
vice and opinion of the distinguished member of
the Committee of Ways and Means from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hooper.] He said that he regarded
it as a fair compensation for what might be re-
ceived. He said also thatnow was an opportunity
which we might never have again for enlarging the
operations ofthe navy-yard at Charlestown. And
I though that this was very good authority for
me to act upon in the absence of personal knowl-
edge of the facts. I had no idea, under such cir-
cumstances, that I was voting for a " swindle" on
this Government; and yet the gentleman from
Illinois comes forward and accuses me of so vot-
ing. Why, sir, I called to mind in giving my vote
that this navy-yard lies just at the footof Bunker
Hill. 1 remembered, sir, that the shadows of the
shaft that "rises on that glorified summit are cast
across that ancient receptacle of naval power; and
I remembered also that it is appropriate that the
operations of that navy-yard should be extended
so as to he made commensurate with the proud
history of that splendid State—a history that can
never be forgotten to the " last syllable of recorded
time."
Again, the gentleman said that I had voted for
another "swindle" in this House; that I had
voted to withdraw nearly one hundred thousand
dollars out of the Treasury of the United States
for shells and percussion caps. 1 must correct the
gentleman in that matter. That pioposition was
brought up by the distinguished member from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moorhead.] He moved that
the claim be referred to the Court of Claims.
Now, sir, I knew nothing about that claim. It
must be remembered that I am a new member
upon this floor. I believe that the proposition
had been before the House at the last session of
Congress. I supposed that the Court of Claims
was the proper tribunal to investigate such claims,
and I therefore voted for it. The gentleman, if
he will take the trouble to look in the record, will
find my vote leeorded in favor of referring the
claim to that court. Was there anything im-
proper in that* Now, sir, I was somewhat as-
tonished that a gentleman of his experience on
this floorand of his reputation for ability through-
out tins country should find it necessary, in
nider to defend his own position before his con-
stituents and the country, to come in here and
mar my brief political record of four months upon
this floor. Was it necessary for him to mis-
represent the truth in order that he might place I
himself right befoie the country? Tins in the
fact in relation to this case, ami nothing more and
nothing leas can be made of it. It is a misrepre-
sentation of facts.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman from New
Hampshire to yield to me for a single moment to
say, as 1 was one of those gentlemen who enter-
tained doubts originally as to the propriety of the
purchase of tins additional giound at the Charles-
town navy-yard, that those doubts were removed
by subsequent personal inspection. 1 have been
on the giound since that vote was taken, and I
not only regret that a general charge against it as
a swindle has been made on the floor of the House,
but f desire now to say emphatically that after
that inspection and after inquiring of gentlemen
on the ground, 1 am satisfied that thin purchase
was needed for the use of that navy-yard, and
that the pric* paid was as nearly what it is worth
as could possibly be arrived at in almost any busi-
ness transaction between man and man for the
puiclmso of property.
Mr. PATTERSON. Sir, I may have been
very generous and a little too credulous, perhaps,
in voung those appropriations, but the gentleman
must pardon something to the fact that I am a
novua homo on this floor. I have but lately en-
tered the field, sir, and may make some mistakes
in my votes here. But the gentleman saw fit to
drag up my brief record and hold it up here in an
invidious comparison with his bright and glorious
career of ten years on this floor; and there let it
stand. I am willing to abide the judgmentof my
peers? upon tlm floor or of my peers outside of
this House on any vote which 1 have cast or may
cast here. Sir, perhaps after I shall have had a ,
li(tl£ more experience in legislation I sh^ll bring .
my votes to accord more exactly to the popular
standard of economy marked out by the gentle-
man, but until I have had that experience the
gentleman must pardon any indiscretion on my
part. Time will cure all that.
All that I have to say in relation to this matter
is simply this—and I wish to make the remark as
a general one, and as not referring particularly to
the gentleman from Illinois—that if any man on
this floor dares to charge me with having willfully
voted here a corruption fund, or voted for a fraud
of $135,000, I hurl back the infamous charge with
ineffable scorn and contempt into his teeth. It
was an insult not to myself alone, but to all the
gentlemen on this floor who voted for that meas-
ure.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, an act (H. R. C. C.
No. 114) for the relief of Daniel Wormer;
An act (H. K. C. C. No. 115) for the relief'of
Darius S. Cole;
An act (H. R. C. C. No. 116) for the relief of
William Gr. Brown; and
An act (H. R. No. 373)to appointan appraiser
and assistant appraiser for the port of Portland,
and for other puiposes.
Also, an act (H. R. No. 287) to change the
name of the district and port of Presque Isle to
the district and port of Erie, with an amendment,
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend
ments of the House to the bill (S. No. 155) to in-
corporate the Union Gas-Liglit Company of the
District of Columbia.
PENITENTIARY FOR THE DISTRICT AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. I must con-
fess, Mr. Speaker, that I am somewhatsurprised
that my distinguished fiiend from New Hamp-
shire should, after resting on it during the night,
have come into the House this morning to deliver
himself as he has done on the little episode that
took place here yesterday. He need not have told
us, sir, that he was a new member, because I
think if he had been a little older member lie
would not have taken this little matter quite so
much to heart. I am sorry he is disturbed. I did
not intend to disturb him or to rcflect upon him
in any way.
But the gentleman will remember that this is a
matter of his own introduction. Because I saw
fit to oppose a bill proposing to take out of the
Treasury $4,000—that pitiful little sum—to buy
a steam fire-engine for the city of Washington,
the gentleman fiom New Hampshire addressed
the committee conveying the idea that I had be-
come very eloquent on a very small matter. Now,
sir, 1 never become eloquent on a very small or on
a very big matter.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to say, sir, that
I did not speak of the gentleman. My remark
was a general one; and the gentlemen from Illi-
nois saw fit to take it up for reasons best known
to himself.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
that, sir. The gentleman undoubtedly meant to
refer to me. He does not deny it, and he cannot
escape in that way. The gentleman insinuated
that while 1 grow eloquent on these very little
things I was willing to vote for the largest and
most extravagant appropriations, and particularly
the ship canals. Of course that did not mean me.
[Laughter.] I looked upon all this very good-
naturedly. I did not suppose that there was any-
thing intended butas mere badinage, which I took
from my distinguished friend from New Hamp-
shire with all the grace and good nature which he
and everybody else knows belongs to me. [Laugh-
ter.] As to the matter of larger appropriations
to which the gentleman referred, 1 thought it ap-
propriate and just to refer a little to the record of
my friend, to which he takes so much exception.
I merely say to my fiiend, with all my good na-
ture, that when I say a thing understandingly I
generally stand to it. And notwithstanding that
my distinguished friend from Iowa [Mi'.Kasson]
has come to the rescue of my no less distinguished
friend from'New Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson,]
I intend to standby my position in regard to this
Charlestown navy-yard. I stand to-day just
where 1 stood yesterday. I saw that my friend
had voted—for what? Ho docs not deny it; that
he had voted against striking out an appropria-
tion of $135,00U for the purchase of a piece of
land for the Charlestown navy yard, at a price
that was not only extravagant and enormous, but
that has since been charged to have been a "swin-
dle. " I had information about the facts and I
tried to get the attention of the Committee of the
Whole to my information. When the report of
the debate in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union reached Boston, a letter was written
to me by one of the most distinguished citizens of
Charlestown, Massachusetts, and its statements
were afterwards corroborated by the mayor of
Charlestown, whom I saw. These men charged
in the first place that this piece of ground was not
necessary for any of the purposes of the navy-
yard, and in the second place that the price charged
to the Government was enormous. And why?
Mr. SPALDING. 1 rise to a question of order.
I ask whether it is in order on this bill for the
gentleman from Illinois to impeach the good name
of the Committee on Naval Affairs?
The SPEAKER. In what respect?
Mr. SPALJD1NG. In their recommending an
appropriation to this House.
Mr. WASH
WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is the first
knowledge I have had that the Committee on
Naval Affairs recommended anything of the kind.
I hope my friend from Ohio, who generally votes
with me on everything, will let me go on.
Mr. SPALDING. In regard to this appropri-
ation for a navy-yard I wish to say to the House
that the Committee on Naval Affairs had the mat-
ter before them for two weeks, and carefully in-
quired into the value of this land. I myself, at
first, was doubtful in regard to it. After that in-
quiry we considered the evidencefurnished to us
was to the effect that the price was a fair one for
this land, and we recommended its purchase.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish the
gentleman would let me go on.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman insist
on his point of order?
Mr. SPALDING. My friend from Illinois re-
ceived his letter from a private individual which
he submitted to me. I then said to him that wo
might have been imposed upon. I still think that
the price for the land was not too great. :
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman makes a
point of order he cannot ai^ue the question.
Mr, SPALDING. I wuhdraw my point of
order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am glad
that the gentleman has withdrawn his point of or-
der. He knows that there was no reflection upon
him, upon the Committee on Naval Affairs, or
any other committee, or upon any member in this
House. But I was just coming to that point in
regard to the value of this land. A short time
before this matter was reported to the House the
owners of this land were not anxious to sell it,as
they had no occasion for the mdney. But they
were persuaded, however, to sell it from what
they considered the very large price offered for
it, some one hundred and twenty-five thousand
dollars, I believe, at most one hundred and thirty
thousand dollars, for the whole land. Now the
Government comes in and pays $135,000 for one
half of it. Gentlemen of the House can judge for
themselves whether, under these facts, it was not
" a swindle," an imposition on the Government,
as the people of Charlestown have charged.
I referred merely to the fact that the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr.Patterson] had voted
for it. He had charged me, by innuendo at least,
with having voted for large appropriations, while
I wasgrowing " eloquent'"* upon these little things.
In return I pointed to him as having voted for an
appropriation which I considered extravagant and
outrageous, and that those who were acquainted
with the subject had denounced as " a swindle."
So much in regard to that.
In respect to the other matter the gentleman
misunderstood me. I am surprised that he should
cut out a little slip from the Morning Chronicle
of the associated press report and bane his re-
marks on that. He can see my remarks fully
reported in the Globe when it comes up this morn-
ing. He alleges that I charged him with having
voted for anotherswindle. 1 did not refer to this
bomb-shell bill as a swindle. I stated what I
believe to be true, that the bill for which he voted
would in theend take
That is all there
ake 1100,000 ou t o f the Treaau ry.
is of that.
