1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
UK
transitu lo the office of the Second Auditor. But in th;it
office these rolls are frequently retained, am! can be at once
refined to when the claims of the heirs aie presented,
whether such claims come in in a month or two alter the
soldier's death, 01, as is frequently the case, not for a long
peiiod, even years, after his decease.
Another reason for placing the settlement of these claims
in chaige of the Second Auditor and lus revising officer,
the Second Comptroller, is the character of the claims
themselves. In determining the right of parties to come in
a - heirs of d deceased soldier, in settling whether sufficient
proof of such heirship has been given, and in numerous
other similar questions constantly arising under these
claims, the accounting officers of the Tieasury act in a sort
of jmhcial capacity, and with an authority that could riot be
allowed ordinary paymasters, or even the Paymaster Gen-
eral, who is simply a mil itaiy officer and exercises only mili-
tary authority. The determining such questions can only
be vested in officers having final jurisdiction m the matter,
and who^e decisions arc binding, and not in subordinates,
whose accounts are liable to revision and suspension, and
disallowance, even, it niconect.
Since the present icbellion attained the vast proportions
it has grown to, the laige number of troops m service and
consequently laige number of paymasters required to pay
thent has multiplied to an enoimous extent the number of
accounts required to be rendered. Every exertion has been
made to have these accounts promptly rendered to this
office and examined, and fotwaidedto the Second Auditor
a« soon as possible. Owing to the want of sufficient cler-
ical force, and of office accommodation, some accumula-
tion of these accounts occuired in this office, but never to
a sufficient extent to interfere with the settlement of these
deceased soldiers' claims in the Second Auditor's office.
This will more fully appear from the report which was made
on this subjfet from this office on instant, a copy of
which 1 have the honor herewith to inclose, marked A.
From this report it will be seen that while this office had
forwarded to the Second Auditor the accounts of paymas-
ters up to Apiil 30, 18C3, the claims, of deceased soldiers
were only being seitled up to September 1, 186*2, or more
than six months behind the date to which the necessary
rolls and accounts weie filed with the Auditor, which were
required tor reteiencc in such cases. Underarrangeinents
lately authorized by the honorable Seeretaiy of Wai, the
clerical force of this office has been and sail is bein« m
creased, and it is intended to examine and forwatd to the
Second Auditor all the accounts now in this offiee, and
hereafter to have these preliminary examinations made im-
mediately on the receipt ol the accounts, and they at once
transmitted to that officer for final settlement.
It is pteMimed that the delay in settling the claims of
deceased soldiers in the office of the Second Auditor has
arisen from the same cause as that in settling the disburs-
ing accounts ot paymasters in the same offiee, namely,
want of sufficient examining clerks both theie and in the
revising office of the Second Comptroller. A simple icm-
edy. thereto! e, would be to met east-the clei ical foicoin both
tiio'-e offices to -mob an extent that all claims can ! • taken
up as >oon a= filed, examined, and passed upon. What in-
etea-e would be necessaiy for this purpose can, ofcouise,
bo best determined by the officuis.
Some additional foice has ahcadybeen added in the Sec-
ond Auditor's offiee, and he is now settling daily a much
larger number of these claims of deceased sokheis than
formerly, though still not enough, it is believed, to keep up
with the number of Iresh ones daily presented.
It is not seen that any other remedy is reqmied, and it is
doubted whether any change of the method ot ^ctlhnj; these
claims could be adopted advantageously at the present tune,
even if such change had >ome cei tam benefit* or napiove-
ment^. It is a dangerous experiment to alter along-estab-
lished and well-con-idcied method of transacting bu^ino-b
in the midst of such great ptessuie and amount of woik as
is now existing in eveiv btanch oftheGoveinment. A new
scheme would icquiie tune and cxpeiience to peifectit;
and meanwhile constant trouble and difficulties would in-
terfere, and cause many more delajs and complaints than
tho^e sought to be removed.
I have the honor to be, mi , with the highest considera-
tion and esteem, your obedient servant.
T. I'. ANDREWS,
Paymasto Genet al,
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
Thecommunications were laid ot) the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALE. In connection with these com-
munications I have been instructed by the Com-
mittee of Claims to report the bill which was sub-
mitted by the gentleman fiomNew York, [Mr.
Fenton,] and which, us I understand, was pre-
pared in accordance with the wishes of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, then re-
ported from the Committee of Claims a bill to
facilitate the payment of bounties and arrears of
pay due for the service of wounded and deceased
soldiers; which was read a firstand second time.
The bill was read at length. It provides that
upon the death of a non-commissioned officer,
private, musician, artificer, or other enlisted per-
son employed in the military service of the Uni-
ted States it shall be the duty of his commanding
officer, or, if a member of the non-commissioned
staff, it shall be the duty of the adjutant of such
command immediately to make triplicate state-
ments theieof, specifying- the date, place, and
cause of death, tmbracing the full military his-
toiy of the deceased, one to be foi warded to the
Adjutant Gineral,one to the Surgeon General,
ami one to the Second Auditor of the Treasury.
The latter officer shall cause such statement to be
filed and entered in alphabetical order in books
covering all the data contained in such .statements.
Upon the death of an officer in the military ser-
vice the commanding officer is to make full state-
ments as in the case of non-commissioned officers,
<fec. Upon proper proofs of heirship, the Second
Auditor of the Treasury is to issue immediately a
certificate ofthe sum found to be due to the deceased
for bounties, arrears of pay, clothing, &c., which
certificate shall be paid by any paymaster of the
< United States Army—the certificate to issue and be
made payable to heirs in the order now prescribed
by law and the rules of the Auditor. Where the
death takes place in a hospital, away from the
command of the deceased, the surgeon in charge
is to make the triplicate statement, and also notify
the command to which deceased belonged.
The second section makes it the duty of the
commanding officer, on pain of dismissal, to fur-
nish a full descriptive list to the officer or soldier
detached fiom his command, futloughed, or sent
to hospital, sick or wounded.
The third section makes it the duty of the Com-
missioner of Pensions to adjust all claims for
bounty, under rules and upon proofs as required
in cases of invalid pensions, and to issue certifi-
cates therefor, payable by any paymaster of the
United States Army.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will only say a word.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fiom Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. I desire to call for the previous
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. AH of this subject has been
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, to
which it propei !y belongs.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the call for the previous question.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw it.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. Speaker, I do ij.ot rise
for the purpose of making any extended icmarks
in favor of the pending bill. I suppose it is well
understood by the House that the bill simplifies
the mode and facilitates the payment of arrears
of pay and bounty due to the widows, children,
parents, brothers, or sisters of deceased soldicis,
about which then* has been so much complaint.
In addition, the bill provides for the adjustment
of claims for bounties now provided by jaw to
soldiei s wounded in battle by the Commissioner of
Pensions, and upon the same proofs required to
obtain invalid pensions, thereby obviating the ne-
cessity for making two sets, separate claims and
duplicate papers. No one can object to this.
The delay in the payment of these dues to the
relatives of deceased soldiers, airears of pay and
bounty, has been the source of wide-spread com-
plaint, and the subject had, early m the session,
my earnest investigation in search of the cause
and the piuptr lemedy, so that the heirs of those
who laid down their lives in defense ofthe insti-
tutions and liberties of the country should not
complain of unnecessary delay in the adjustment
of their claims. The bill before us accomplishes
the object, in my judgment. At all events, it
points out the way for payment within sixty days
from the death of the soldier, if proper proof of
heirship is made, and with less clerical force, in-
stead of taking twelve to eighteen months, as now.
One word m reference to what the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs has said, that
this whole subject has been referred to that com-
mittee. Early in this session this bill was intro-
duced by me, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and a few days subsequently,
by order of the House, the whole subject in ref-
erence to the delay of payment of arrears and
bounty due to disabled or deceased soldiers was
sent to the Committee of Claims. The attention
of the Secretary of the Treasury and the Second
Auditor was called to the bill which 1 had intro-
duced and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. It was thought by them, and so com-
municated to the House, that this would obviate
the defects in the present method, and reduce it
to the most speedy and peifect system. In com-
pliance with the resolution of the House, the Com-
mittee of Claims have submitted the pending rc-
| poit and bill, which is a tianseiipt of the bill
,; introduced by me, and I hope that theie will he no
,| objection on the pait of the Committee on Mili-
' iarv Affairs because it comes from the Coromit-
\ tee "of Claims. It can make no difference to the .
House, nor will the country care, what committee
brings in the measure; it should be passed with-
out delay.
But I did not intend to speak to the bill, but to
defend a most faithful public officer from the
charges of neglect or needless delay in the set-
tling of these claims; and I ask to submit a state-
ment, for I am convinced that the Second Auditor.
(Hon. E. B. French) h$s done all any person,
could, with the force under him, and with the law
as it now stands, to dispatch with promptness and
fidelity the business relating to these accounts.
The data in the Auditor's office will show that
in addition to those causes of delay generally
known to exist, there are many other very fruit-
ful and annoying ones which those engaged in
the settlement of this class of claims meet with
constantly, and which are difficult to be fully un-
derstood by persons not somewhat acquainted
with the manner in which settlements have to be
made.
First. In the volunteer regiments of many of
the States consolidations are made of two or more
regiments; and frequently, in such cases, no men-
tion is made upon the rolls of the date at which
the consolidation took place; in consequence of
which much time and labor are required in ascer-
taining to what period the deceased soldier was
! last paid, which fact is essential to the just settle-
ment of the claim of his heits. For instance, sup-
pose the third Kentucky regiment was united with
the seventh Kentucky September 10,1862, but the
date does not appear upon the rolls. John Jones
originally enlisted in the third regiment June 4,
1862, but dies a member of the seventh regiment
February 520, 18G3, some months after the con-
solidation. The period to which he was last paid
is sought for. The muster-roll of the seventh
regiment for January and February, 1863, con-
tains his name and states thathe enlisted June 4,
1862, not saying in what legiment. The roll of
the seventh for November and December, 1862,
has his name, but it is found that he was not paid
for those two months; the roll for September and
October, 1862, also has 1ns name, but lie was
not paid for those months; the roll for July and
August, 1862, is examined, but his name is not
upon it; the clerk then, thinking his name may
have been omitted by mistake, examines the next
preceding'roll, that for June and July, which
covers the date of his enlistment. His name is not
found. It is then concluded that he must have
originally enlisted in some other regiment; but in
what one, and when was he transferred? None
of the rolls of the seventh mention the consolida-
tion, and other means must be resorted to in order
to ascertain, which necessarily requires much time
and labor in addition to that already expended.
Second. Cases arc met with where the name of
the soldier does not appear upon any roll of the
company of which he was a member, in which
case, of course, after much looking up and exam-
ining of rolls to no purpose, the application must
be suspended while a correspondence is going on
between the office and the attorney acting for the
claimant, and between the attorney and his client
in turn. This defect in rolls is of frequent oc-
c.uirence, and retards the action of the office to a
great extent. It requires as much time to look
up the rolls and examine them, and write to the
attorney for further evidence, in a case of this kind,
as to settle a perfect claim. Additional proof may
be received in three weeks, but probably not un-
der six; meanwhile the rolls are needed, peihaps,
by the clerks settling paymasters'accounts, or at
the Second Comptroller's,and when the requisite
evidence arrives they must be hunted up again,
and as much time if? required in the final settle-
ment of the claim as would have sufficed to settle
many claims at first.
Third. Regiments, particularly of cavalty, are
frequently divided into several detachments and
remain so for a long time. The rolls of such de-
tachments often utterly fail to give any data ne-
cessary to the settlement of the claims of the
heirs of ""those who may have died. Only the
names of those who are paid appear, no informa-
l tion as to\vhat has become of the others being
given; and as members of the same company are
put into several different detachments, it is found
to be almost impossible to obtain the necessary
information for the settlement of claims arising
under them.
Fourth. Perhaps the failureofeompany officers
