1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2461
given to this clause, those holding licenses from
the United-States went on to sell liquor, and there
have been upwards of one hundred of them in-
dicted, tried, and convicted, and it was held by
our court that they could propcily be convicted
Mr. JOHNSON. I should convict them, too,
if it was before me as a court, but it would only
be on the ground that Congress had no authority
to insert such a proviso as this. Assuming that
Congress has the power, if they say a bare license
shall give an authority to violate the laws of a
State, then it certainly would be a defense against
the laws of the State. If this section means any-
thing, it mean's that. It says that if a man at-
tempts to carry on any business prohibited by the
laws of a State he shall take out a license; and I
suppose if he is hcenscd to carry on the business
from Congfess, arid Congress has the authority
to grant the license, that is a protection against
any of the laws of a State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We provide that it shall
not be.
Mr. JOHNSON. You provide that it shall not
be a defense, and you provide that he shall not
be exempted from taking out a license.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We provide in the first
place that it shall be no defense for a violation of
the laws of the State, and in the next place that
it shall not have the effect to authorize any busi-
ness to be carried on without a license, on the
ground that it is prohibited by State law.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I understand. Now,
I submit to the Senator if a State has the author-
ity to prohibit the trade, is it right to authorize a
license to be takenjput under this law to carry on
that very prohibited trader That is the difficulty
I have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This question was dis-
cussed two years ago, and we came to the conclu-
sion that this was the only mode we could adopt
in order to protect the revenue. We say to every
man who applies for a license, "We will give
you a license, so far as that is concerned; but by
the law the license is subject to State regulation;
it does not authorize you to bieak the laws of the
State." That is expressly provided for. He
proceeds therefore at his own risk. Such a pro-
vision has been found to be very necessary.
Mr. TEN EYCK. In my opinion the point
raised by the Senator from Maryland is a good
one. I think the last portion of this section it? in-
consistent with the first part. Allusion has been,
made to the law, and it is said that this provision
is the same as that contained in the law of two
years ago on thesubjectof these licenses. Ques-
tions have already arisen under it in two of the
States m this Union I know, where suits have
been commenced against persons selling lottery
tickets. It has been held by the United States courts
in both those States that the act of Congress did
not give them a license to sell lottery tickets,
where the law of the State prevented it. Such
has been the decision in the district court in the
State of New York, and was also held in another
State, as I understand. The question was brought
up on appeal and is pending before the Supreme
Court of the United States at this time, the officers
here holding that the act of Congress passed two
years ago did authorize the issuing of a license
for the purpose of selling lottery tickets even m
the States where they were prohibited by law.
I take it that the fiist portion of this section
would prevent that business, according to an
ordinary and proper construction; but the latter
portion of the section might negative the first por-
tion. I think the one is inconsistent with the
other. The latter part of the scction referred to
by the Senator from Maryland might with great
propriety be stricken out; and then this busi-
ness which is sought to be licensed contrary to
the laws of the States would be entirely put an
end to. I do not want a contradiction to appear
upon the face of the same section in relation to
this grant of power, in the one instance prevent-
ing the States in the exercise of it, and in another
instance allowing it; but this section as it stands
admits that kind of construction. I will not take
up time by reading the section over again, because
it has been read on two different occasions; but
1 think that will be the construction that must be
put upon it by those who critically examine it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not satisfied that
the section goes quite far enough, on looking at
it more critically. I suppose it was the intention
of its framers—it certainly was my understand-
ing—to provide here that the granting of a license.
under this act should not be held to exempt any
man from the penalties that might be inflicted by
any State for carrying on that particular part of
the business, or to authorize him to carry it on
against the law of the State. I do not find that
that is in the section.
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir, it is not there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it ought to be
there, especially with regard to the sale of liquors;
and that section will need a little closer examina-
tion. I find on looking further that with regard
to wholesale dealers in liquors and retail dealers
in liquors the same provision, which I supposed
was m there, is not in. It will take me a little
time to look over it specifically, so as to prepare
the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I certainly have no objection
to the chairman taking time to do that; but 1 sub-
mit to the chairman of the committee that the sug-
gestion he made that these licenses are to be taken
at the hazard of the man taking the license—I do
not mean to say that he is protected against Strate
legislation—would appear in its real colors if the
provision was found in the first part of the sec-
tion. How would it appear if the section was
written in this way:
That no license 
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the first part of the
section is the very provision that I spoke of. It
escape-'! my attention in looking it over.
Mr. JOHNSON. It reads in this way:
Tiwt no license heieinbefore provided for, if granted,
shall be con-ti ued to authorize the commencement or con-
tinuation of nnv tiado, bu-ine-s,or piofes?ion th'nem men-
tioned, within any Stale or Ternioty of the United Suites
in which it tv" hluill be, spceialh piolubuod by the Jaws
thereof, or m violation ot the l.uv-. ot any .State or Tur-
ntory—
But we will grant you a license. I am sure the
Senator did not intend that; but that is virtually
what is done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely what
we intended there. We say*"If you choose to
take out a license you can pay for it and take it
out, but you take it out on your peril and pro-
ceed on your peril so far as the laws of the State
are concerned. So far us we are concerned, we
givt; you the license.i}
Mr. JOHNSON. With all possible respect
for the better judgment of the chairman of the
committee and the Committee on Finance, I will
move to strike out all that part of the section be-
ginning in the eleventh line after the word*' law."
I do not ask a vote upon it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the read-
ing of the bill will pioceed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know why the
amendment should be laid over. Attention is
called to it now, and it seems to me wo had bet-
ter dispose of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may as well be acted
upon at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that clause ought
to be stricken out. It looks to me precisely in
this way: as if it was an attempt by Congress to
license a trade prohibited by a State.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly, that is the way I
understand it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What will be the result?
This matter was very fully discussed two years
ago. Gentlemen do not understand it, unless
they mean to establish a principle that may affect
the revenue considerably m many of the States.
For instance, take the Maine law as it exists in
my State as an illustration. We prohibit the
sale of liquors entirely, except by apothecaries
|: for medicinal purposes; but, although we pro-
j| hibit jt and make seizures and destroy the liquor,
'j it has been found practically that you cannoten-
'i force it, especially in lar^e towns.
!i Mr. TRUMBULL. 'Will the Senator from
j! Maine allow me to inquire if this bill does not
;i provide for just that case by imposing a penalty
,i where a man sells liquor ^vithout a license ? Can
you not collect your penalty under that provision?
jj Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly you can;
| but itmakes anothersetofofficers-.that is to say,
j' it makes it the duty of another set of officers to
jj watch these very men. We say to them, " If you
proceed to sell liquor without a license you shall
1 be subject to such and such a penaltyand those
J penalties arc very severe. It has been found in
i! practice that men who did not fear the State law,
who would risk it, so far as the State was con-
cerned, were not willing to risk the additional
penalties under the United States, and consequent-
ly a revenue to a certain extent was obtained.
The sale of liquor, for instance, is prohibited'^
some States and not in others, anu unless you
insert this provision the result will Ue these m«n
will take their risk under State luwandgo on and
sell, and we sh&IUget no license fee from them.
There is no harm in it. if they will go on to sell
liquor in violation of the State law we putanother
penalty upon them. We say to them, " Sell it if
you dare without a license from us."
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Senator will permit
me, in one sense there is no harm. You can get
the money, and that seems to be the object of this
particular legislation; but I submit to the Sena-
tor there is v&ry great harm in another respect.
We are aiding a man who violates the. law of a
State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not in the slightest pos-
sible degree, with due respect to the Senator.
Mr. JOHNSON. You grant him a license,
and let him take the chance of having the license
considered valid or not, to do a thing which the
laws of the State prohibit. You therefore lend
yourself to him as far as he may suppose he
is protected by the license to violate the law of
his own State. Now, I understand the honora-
ble member to say that in his State they have a
law against the selling of liquor, a pretty rigid
one I believe it is; but they have not been able
to enforce it, and they have not been able to en-
force it because people will sell liquor. He as-
sumes that to be true, and of course it is, because
he says it is true. Is it the business of Congress
to say to the men in Maine who are violating thu
,State law, " We will give you a license provided
you will pay for it, and you may fight it out with
your State if you think proper?" Is not that
virtually saying, " We will stand alongside of
you so far as the authority which the license may
give to enable you to violate the law of your State
is concerned; but we are only willing to do that
upon the condition that you pay us something?"
We therefore by such legislation get into the
Treasury a fund aiising from licenses granted to
persons in the States to violate the laws of the
States.
That I am sure the Senator does not mean to
say is morally right; but I think he forgets, if he
will permit me to say so, that this is a question
of power and not of expediency. The question
which I submitted to the Senate was, whether
we have any right to authorize a State law to be
violated in this particular. The first part of the
section proceeds upon the ground that we have
no such right, but after saying we have no such
right then it directly says in the same breath,
" Although no license which we shall grant you
will authorize you to carry on any trade or busi-
ness prohibited by the laws of the State, yet if
you will pay us for granting you the license we
will grant it." I could not make my own view
of it plainer, perhaps, by multiplying words. 1
think, therefore, with due deference to my friend
the chairman of the committee,"that it is legally
wrong, and, if he will permit me to say so, as
he advocates a different view of it, it is morally
wrong.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think itislegally right
and morally right, and there is no such objection
to it, and the only force there is in the Senator'a
objection is the legal ingenuity with which lie
urges it. In many of the States there are laws
prohibiting the sale of liquor, for instance; for
thisjfcction is intended particularly to cover those
cases; but experience has shown that they will
sell liquor in violation of the State law. Now,
we are making a general law with regard to li-
censes. We license retailers of spirituous liquors.
The Senator wants us to put it in such a shape
with regard to all those States that have passed
such a law as not to exact a license from the per-
sons who sell liquor in those States m violation
of the State laws, and thus lose a very large por-
tion of revenue. The proposition is that we will
in fact, so far as we ate concerned, make an ex-
emption in favor of the people who choose to sell
liquor in violation of the laws of the States in ali
those States where such laws exist, and thus en-
courage them to that extent.
Now, what do we say by this section? We
I say, " Notwithstanding you live in States where
