448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2.
to note upon the rolls the several dates at which
soldiers die is the cause of more trouble and delay
than any one of the above-mentioned defects, and
is of frequent occurrence.
These are some of the prominent impediments
in the way of the settlement of claims, for which
the remedy is to be found in this bill. There are
other serious difficulties,arising from the confused
manner in which clothing accounts are stated upon
the rolls and final statements. The amount of
delay produced by this cause is nearly equal to
that incurred by any of the defects heretofore
named. This, however, is rather a subject for
departmental than legislative action, and can be
entirely and completely remedied by the Depart-
ment. The difficulties with which the Secretary
of the Treasury and the Auditor have had to con-
tend are great; pass this bill, and you give them
relief from the pressure of obstacles and com-
plaints, and make the poor and deserving claim-
ants, the relatives of our brave soldiers, rejoice.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is very true, as 1 iiave
stated, that this whole subject has been referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.* It is equally
true that that committee have submitted it to a
sub-committee for close investigation; that it was
recently the subject of discussion before that com-
mittee; that that committee is engaged upon this
whole matter thus sent to them by the House for
examination; and now, sir, while thus engaged
we are surprised with what has just taken place.
We have the explanation of the gentleman who
introduced the bill and had it refened to the Com-
-mittee on Military Affairs, while the subject has
been sent to that committee, by some reference or
in some way it has also been brought before the
Committee of Claims, which committee, satisfy-
ing themselves after consultation with some of the
Executive Departments, have now submitted the
pending proposition, and ask that it be put on its
passage under the operation of the previous ques-
tion. I submit, and I do so in plain words,whether
tfiis is acting with a proper respect towaid the
• Committee on Military Affairs—the very same
subjiicthaving been referred to thatcommittee and
having been at different times under discussion
there, that committee also having under consider-
ation a bill which covers this and kindred matters?
When that is the case, is this subject to be brought
before the House by this side-wind ? And I any
this without meaning any disrespect to the Com-
mittee of Claims,or to anybody bringing forward
this bill. I ask whether it is proper to report it
when the same subject has been referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and on which they
have bestowed close and careful attention?
Mr. Speaker,! have not hud time to look at the
pending bill. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Fentokt] says that it corresponds with that
which, on his motion,"was referred to the Com-
mittee on Miliiary Affairs. Suppose it does, the
Committee on Military Affairs have been revising
that bill toascertam whether it contains all of the
provisions I lint it ought to contain.
Mr. FENTON. 1 will say that the pending
hill, I believe, meets with the entire approval of
the sub-committee of the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which it was referred. I can see no
reason for objection m the manner in which the
proposition lias been brought before the House.
Mr. SCHENCK.. It ts not a question of pride
at nil.
Mr. HALE. The Committee of Claims exam-
ined into the subject, and on the recommendation
of the Second Auditoi they have lepoited in fa-
vor of this bill brooming the law. There has been i
delay for consideiablo time to get it before the j
House. There is no idea of doing anything dis- !
courteous to the Committee on Military Affairs. '
If that be the only objection, we are pci fectly will- !.
ing that thatcommittee shall report, the bill, and !!
put it on its passage. Our only object is to save ''
time. We think that the payment of these claims of :
disabled soldiers should be speedily accomplished, i
it was because the Committee on Military Affairs
did not report the bill that the Committee Claims ;;
felt it to be their duty to bring the subject before i;
the House. It is to expedite a meritorious class of ,'
claims, the deloy in paying which has been the '
cause ofjustcomplaint. This bill will facilitate the !
payment of a large class of meritorious claims. '
There can be no objection to the bill by anybody
except upon the mere matter of courtesy. I had
no idea of committing any act of discourtesy to- /
ward the Committee on Military Affairs. I dis-
claim any such intention. I therefore move the
previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to be heard one
moment longer.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection, but I do not
wish to lose my right to move the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will retain the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have not supposed there
was any intentional discourtesy upon the paitof
the Committee of Claims. I have simply stated
to the House the facts of this matter, and I submit
to the House whether, under the circumstances,
having once referred the whole subject to a com-
mittee which has not, as a committee, had an op-
portunity to read or to examine the bill, (it not
having been printed,) or to ascertain whether it
contains all that is desired, they will, merely upon
the assurance of a member of the sub-committee
to which the matter was referred, be setting a
proper precedent of action toward a committee
of this House by passing this biil in this mannei ?
If the House will examine the bill they will find
that it provides for the dismissal of officers from
service for penalties,and for various matters con-
nected with military discipline as well as military
law—matters which have been referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs for examination
and report. If the House feel disposed to dispense
with committees whose duties are defined by the
particular subjects intrusted to their charge, per-
haps it may be well that any committee should
make a report upon any subject without refer-
ence to the duties devolved upon them.
Mr. SPALDING-. Under ordinary circum-
stances I should agree with my colleague fiom
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] but I understand that this
bill simply provides a way whereby our disabled
soldiers may in a more speedy manner recover
their back pay and^ounty. It is a matter which
is pressed upon us from all quarters, and I beg
gentlemen to forego their objections, and let this
bill pnss now. ^ 11is a bill which, 1 am told, is en-
tire I y unex ceptionublc, and will give these men
their pay in sixty days, Vhich they could not
otherwise get in twelve months. 1 hope we shall
waive all questions of courtesy in behalf of this
class of men, and pass this bill without dilay.
Mr. HALE. I now demand the ptcvious ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the biil was oideied to be en-
^tossed and read a tlui (i lime; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly lead the third time'and"passed.
Mr. MALE moved to reconsider tile vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MUSSAGK FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed the following joint resolutions; m which he
was dneeted toaslctiie eoncurieueo of the House:
Joint resolution (Mo. 1!)) nf thanks to Commo-
dore Cadvvalader Ringgold, and the olliceis and
ciew ot the United States ship Sabine; and j
Joint resolution (No. 11) of thanks to Major Gen- |
eial George H Thomas and the officers and men :
who fought under his command at the battle of I
Chickamauga. j
TUB ELECTORAL COLLEGE. 1
4 1
Mr. DEM ING, by unanimous consent, intro- !
duced the following resolution; which wasiead, i
considered, and agreed to: ■
Resolved, That flip Committee on the Jmhciaiy be, and
they .ue hetrby, lrwiuefd to inquire, and lepurt In bill or 1
o'lieru i<e, whether the eonililiMti of lilt, country nupu-t'h
<mv dillieultie^ in die nay of i-iieh an organization ot tbr
dretor.il college as will enable it legally and constitution- 1
all\ to elect a i'lr-ulent of the trniteii States (or the term
commencing Mardi JJSG.l; and whether, if Mich ditfteul- I.
tuK; cAi-st, tuey can be icmedied bv any iPffirlation of Con
gre^s. * ;;
Mr. P. CLARKE introduced, by unanimous !
consent, the following resolution; which was read, 1
considered, and agrerdto: ;j
Rcolral, Th.it in on!, r la ceeine bryomi ;i e'Jiitinseilev I
the pelmanent i>:ijmenfol intuioston tho public debt in -
com, and prevent an undue iiicie.iM! of debt, and restrict '
within piopei limits ihe as-ictr.ue papet circulation of the ;
eountiy, the Committcoot VVu\  and Meansaie hereby in- :i
utrucred to inquire into the expediency of increasing the 'I
duties on foreign imports upon articles of luxury of a class,
as far a3 practicable, not manufactured or produced in
this country, f>o as, inalhen opinion, to produce a revenue
of $IQ0,000,000 pet annum. Also, into the expediency
of inciea-iing the internal levenue tax upon articles ot lux-
uiy, and upon such aiucles of domestic manufactures as
come m competition with foreign aitiefes upon which the
import duties, are advanced, %>o as in the opinion of the
committee to produce an annual revenue of $230,000,000.
Also, into the expediency of restricting the bank eucula-
tion of the country. State and national, to $300,000,000.
Also/intothr expediency ofauthori/angthe issue of bonds to
theamountof$2O0,(JOO.OOO, the whole or any poition thereof
to be disposed of at the discietiou of the Secretary of the
> Treasury, when, in his judgment, he may deem it expedient
and proper to use the proceeds for the redemption of Gov-
ernment legal-tender notes j and report at an early day by
bill or otherwise.
CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
Mr. ELIOT. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
is the call of committees for reports, under which
the House will resume the consideration of the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 18) to amend a joint
resolution explanatory of an act to suppress in-
surrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to
seize and confiscate the pioperty of rebels, and
for other purposes, approved July 17, 1862, on
which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Smith]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SMITH. I had intended to proceed with
my remarks this morning, but I am so indisposed
that I will yield the floor to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall.]
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, the question
before the House is upon the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole for the purpose of amend-
ment. The proposed amendment is to strike out
the body of the resolution, and insert a repeal of
the resolution of the last Congress explanatory of
the act of July 17, 1862. Neither the resolution
nor the proposed amendment can be said to be in
violation of the Constitution of the United States,
but as the act itself is said to be, the Constitution
is necessarily drawn into the discussion. And
the questions to which it gives rise are, first,
whether the lands of a person engaged in the pres-
ent rebellion may be taken from him absolutely
by the process of law prescribed by the act of
18G2 without violating that piovision of the Con-
stitution winch says, " No attainder of treason
shall work corruption of blood, or forfeiture
except duiing the life of the person attainted;"
and, secondly, whether it is expedient to take the
lands of such poisons absolutely.
I have examined these questions wholly outside
of their political bearings, if they have any, and
with a deteimination to be in the right without
regard to consequences; and, having arrived ata
settled conviction, I desire to be heard upon the
course of reasoning winch has convinced me.
It is necessary, in the fii st bi anch of I he inquiry,
to go somewhat into the doctrine of attainder.
Ill the English law there were two processes
by which attainder was produced. One was by
bill of attainder, an act of Parliament passed for
the purpose of attainting a person chaiged with
ciime. 1 his might be done cither in the presence
or absence of the person charged—either in his
lifetime or after his death. In bills of attainder
tiieie was no ariaignmen t, noconvicuon, no judg-
ment, no sentence. These bills weie legislative
acts, passed for the purpose of reaching°persons
who had fled the kingdom, or whose high power
overawed the courts of justice, or whose alleged
offenses were not cognizable by those courts. The
persons charged were not convicted; thev were
cnncted guilty and attainted.
1 ne other mode by which attainder arose was
as a consequence of judgmentof death for treason
or felony after trial and conviction. There was
no judgment or decree of attainder. The judg-
ment was simply one of death, and the attainder
was an incident to that judgment, inseparable
from it. The moment the judgment was pro-
nounced the culput became ipso facto attainted.
Ihe common law knew no such thing a judg-
ment Oi death for treason or felony that did not at-
taint the person against whom it was pronounced.
_ Attainders were, therefore, either legislative or
judicial. °
The consequences of attainder were the same 111
both these cases, except that in a bill of attainder it
was competent for Parliament to modify those
consequences 111 any particularcase at will, though
this was rarely done, whereas the consequences
