THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
day, and the Chair having announced the order
of the day, then whoever may take the floor has
the right to be heard, and not that the person who
has called for the order of the day necessarily has
the right to the floor.
Mr. CARL1LE. The Senator from Kentucky
had the Boor last night.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to suggest 
Mr. GRIMES. I insist on the observance of
the rule. When an appeal is taken from a decis-
ion of the Chair the rule is that the exact con-
dition of the case shall be stated by the Chair.
I want to know now what the Chair's compre-
hension is of the appeal upon which we are called
to vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question. The Chair decided upon a re-
quest of the Senator from Kentucky that the oider
of the day was before the Senate, and awarded the
floor to the Senator from Kentucky who called
for the order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will withdraw the ap-
peal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
REPEAL OF GOLD BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the iionorable member
from Kentucky will permit me to interpose an-
other bill, which I do not think will give iise to
any debate 
Mr. DAVIS. I am afraid it would produce a
case of forfeiture or something of that kind.
Mr. JOHNSON. No, theie can be no forfeit-
ure, becausc you go back to the order of the day
with your rights untouched. The universal im-
pression, as far as I have been able to collect it,
in Congress and out of Congress, now is that
what is called the gold bill is doing nothing but
mischief; and i have communications, and other
Senators have received them from New York es-
pecially, begging that that bill shall be repealed.
I do not know any member of the Senate who
formerly was willing to give that bill his sanc-
tion who is not now just as willing to repeal it.
It has had its trial and has failed to produce any-
thing but mischief. I propose, therefore, with
the honorable member's consent, to lay the spe-
cial order aside informally and take up that bill.
It will not be debated,! amsuie.
Mr, DAVIS. I have no objection if it does
not prejudice me in my present position.
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland asks unanimous consent to con-
sider the hill indicated by him at tins time, The
Chair hvars no objection; and the bill (S. No. 325)
to i e peal the act of the 17th of Juno, I8G4, prohibit-
ing the sales of gold and foreign exchange, is be-
fore the Senate tis in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that had better be
postponed for a •while. There is a member of
the body who takes a great interest in it, and i
would rather it should he until he is conferred
with. I think the Senator from Maryland states
tiie case stronger than he is authorized to do.
Mr. HOWE. Does that bill come from acom-
mittre' • *
Mr, DAVIS. I will proceed.
Mr. MORGAN, i desne fo get the attention
of the Chair before} the question is disposed of.
Mr. DAVIS. I insist on my right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will recognize the Senator from New York for
the purpose indicated.
Mr. MORGAN. I hope the bill the consid-
eration of which was called up by the Senator
from Maryland will not be postponed unless
some Senator is opposed to it or there is some
good reason for postponing it. I do not think
there is any objection to the bill; I have not heai d
of a Senator opposed to its passage; and there-
fore I hope it will be considered at this time. It
is very important that the law should be repealed
at once.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 did not waive myrightforany
debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. There will be no debate.
Mr. MORGAN. Not a word of debate.
The PUESIDENT/no tempore. Senate bill No.
323 is before the "Senate as m Committee of the
Whole, by unanimous consent.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third lime.
Mr. HENDERSON. I believe my friend from
Kansas [Mr. Lane] is in. I desire now to ask
him if he takes the credit of the'original gold bill,
[Laughter.]
Several Sf.nators, Vote, vote.
Mr. HOWE. 1 do not take any credit for the
passage of the gold bill myself, whether th£Sen-
ator from Kansas does or not, and I simply rise
to say that I do not mean to be entitled to any
credit for its repeal. I have not seen the neces-
sity for its repeal, and I do not yet understand
the necessity for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 will answer the
Senator from Missouri by asking for the yeas
and nays on this bill. I want to record my vote
in the negative.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 13; as follows: *
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Biowu, CarMe, Clark, Cowan,
Davis, DoolilllP, foot, Foster, Giimes, Harris, Henderson,
Ilfiuhieks, Johnson, iWc-Doupial!, Moi-r.in, Pomeioy, Pow-
ell, Riehaidson, Saul&bury, Sumner, Ten K>ck, Wilkin-
son, <•  (} Wfl-on—524.
NA YS— iNIfs.^r=. Chandler, llale, Hicks, Howe Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, and Willey—ID.
AI3SENT — IVIoasi!>*. nuekah'w, Collamer, Connoss*,
Dixon, Fe-seiiden, Hanhnpr, fhnfan, Huwaid, Motrin,
Ne.simth, Riddle, and Wriglu—12.
So the bill was passed.
MESSACiJ2 FROM TIIK HOUSE.
A message fiom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Cleik, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendment of the Senate to the joint resolution
of the House (No. 90) to refer the claim of Na-
hum Ward back to the Court of Claims.
The message finther announced thatthe House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
and joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (No. 2:28) providing for satisfying claims
for bounty laiuh, and for other purposes;
A bill (.No. 5271) relating to the lasv of evidence
in the District of Columbia; and
A joint lesolution (No. 74) requesting the Pres-
ident to appoint a day for national humiliation
and prayer.
■The message further announced thatthe House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
of the Senate with an amendment to each, in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 290) for increased facilities of tele-
graph communication between the Atlantic and
Pacific Slates and the Territory of Idaho; and
A bill (No. 339) to repeal a joint resolution en-
titled " Joint absolution to grant additional rooms
to the Agricultural Department," and for other
purposes.
The message further announced that the House
of Ilepiesentatives had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
511) to provide for the more speedy punishment
of guernllas, and for other purposes, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. John P. Farns-
of Illinois, Mr. William S. Holman of
Indiana, and Mr. James K.Mooiwead of Penn-
sylvania, manageis at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a joint resolution
(II. It. No. 117) authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to settle and pay the claim of Anthony
Sweeting, late pilot of the United States steamer
Juniata.
MILITARY RAILROAD TO EAST TENNESSEE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 83) authorizing the President to con-
struct a military railroad from the valley of the
Ohio to East Temicssee.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall occupy but a very few
minutes on this, I think, one of the most import-
ant measures in relation to internal improvement
that has ever been presented to the Senate of the
United States. This measure proposes to con-
nect tin? Ohio river at Cincinnati and Louisville
with Knoxville in East Tennessee. There is
already a line of railroad completed from Cincin-
nati on through Lexington to Nicholasviile, and
it has been surveyed and partially executed across
the Kentucky river to the neighborhood of Dan-
ville. There is a road thathas been in operation for
a good many years from Louisville to Lebanon,
and now an addition to that road under contract
from Lebanon to the neighborhood of Danville,
where the two prongs of the main road leading
from the Ohio river, the one from Cincinnati
and the other from Louisville, are proposed to
be united and to be run in a common branch from
that point to some point in East Tennessee that
will place both lines of road in communication
with Knoxville. When the subject was up last
night I made a few general remarks, and I am
going to make but a few to-day upon the subject.
I wi)l read the table of distances between these
points:
Table of distances from Cincinnati, Ohio, to Knoxville,
Tennessee, by the shortest existing railroad line; and also
by the line proposed to be constructed by the President of
the United Stales, in his special message, Aprii 28, 1864:
Miles.
From Cincinnati to Knoxville, via Seymour, Indiana,
Louisville, Kentucky, Nashville and Chattanooga,
Tennessee.        584£
Fiom Cincinnati to Knoxville, as proposed by the
President, via Lexington, Nicholasviile, and Som-
erset, Kentucky    289
Difference in favor of the latter route  295£
There arc completed on this line  140
To be built, as proposed by the President, to com-
plete the connection  149
 289
The construction of one hundred and forty-nine
miles additional road would make the connection
between Knoxville and Louisville and Nicholas-
viile and Cincinnati complete, and would open up
all of East Tennessee, all of northern Georgia,
all of the southern Atlantic States, by means of
this railroad communication, to the great North-
west. The cost of constructing this link of one
hundred and forty-nine miles, as estimated (in
1863) by Lieutenant Colonel Simpson and Cap-
tain W. A. Gutin, (engineers,) United States
Army, is $30,000 per mile, making for one hun-
dred and forty-nine miles, $4,470,000.
A more importantimpuovement,one that would
be productive of more advantage in a commercial,
military, and social point of view, and for the
transportation of the mails, cannot be undertaken
in the United States than this would prove to be.
Yet, sir, the circuitous route, which is two hun-
dred and ninety-five and a half miles longer than
the direct route, the Sectetary of War and the
general-in-chief call a parallel road with the one
which is projected, and they say therefore that
the projected road is not necessary. Why, sir,
it is an absurdity, it is an abuse of terms to call
them parallel roads, and to say that the projected
line of railroad is rendered unnecessary by the
existence and operation of that long circuitous
route running through a-section of Ohio, a sec-
tion of Indiana, a section of Kentucky, a section
of Tennessee and to Chattanooga, and then taking
a northeastern direction from Chattanooga back
to Knoxville.
There are only three considerable bridges to
build—over the Kentucky, Cumberland, and
Clinch rivers; and of these the stone pillars are
already built for the Kentucky and Clinch.
The early completion of this line connecting
Cincinnati and Knoxville, as a military necessity,
as well for supplying the army of the Cumberland
and the troops in southeastern Kentucky and East
Tennessee as for placing those troops within easy
supporting distance of the whole Not thwest, has
been uigently recommended by the following offi-
cers of the Army, most of whom have served in
that section and know its importance, namely:
Major Generals Burnside, Foster, and Rosecrans,
all of whom have commanded in East Tennessee;
and Geneials Palmer, Thomas, Sheridan, Rous-
seau, Schoficld, Schenck, Garfield, Smith, White,
Tillson, Boyle, Blair, and others;
Generals Burnside and Fosterwhen before the
Military Committee of the House stated in their
opinion it was by no means certain that East
Tennessee could be held without this road, by
which to procure supplies, although we might
retain Chattanooga; but with this line completed
we could hold East Tennessee whether we re-
tained or lost possession of Chattanooga.
One of the greatest difficulties in this war is the
long line from the base of supplies to the armies
in the front, and the great hazaid to which these
long lines of communication are exposed by be-
ing cut off and interrupted by guerrillas. The
whole of this road along the new route would be
