1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2471
ate amendment after the enacting clause, (being section
four,) and in lieu thereof insert the following, and the Sen-
ate agree to the same :
That in every case where it shall be made to appear to
the satisfaction of the Secretary of War that any regiment
of infantry, or any battery, or any company of cavalry, of
colored troops has been enlisted and musteied into the ser-
vice of the United States, under any authorized assurance
given by any officer or agent of the United States, or by
any Governor of any State authorized thereto by the Pres-
ident or the Secretary of War, the non-commissioned offi-
cers and privates ot such regiment, battery, or company
shall be paid the same as other troops of the same arm of
the service, then they shall be so paid for the period of time
counting from the date of their being respectively mustered
into the service to the t&t day of Januaiy, J8G4: Provided,
however, that this section shall not he construed to prevent
like payment to other colored troops from the tune of their
being mustered into the service if such shall be held by the
proper authority to be their right under the law.
J. COLLAMER.
J. W. NESMITH,
J.W.GRIMES,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JUSTIN S.MORRILL,
J. F. FARNSWORTH,
JOHN A. GRtSWOLD,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. MORRILL. It will be seen that the Sen-
■ ate have receded from their seventh and ninth
amendments,and have agreed to the eighth amend-
ment with an amendment, which I think will be
satisfactory to all parties. The matter was suf-
ficiently explained by the reading of the report
by the Clerk, and I call the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
allow us to say a word upon the report.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order. It
is that in the midst of this noise and confusion
it is not even known upon this side of the House
upon what bill the report of the committee is
made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that the
gentleman from Vermont rose to a privileged
question, to make a report from a committee of
conference upon the Army appropriation bill,
whertupon the report was read by the Clerk, and
the gentleman from Vermont rose subsequently
and demanded the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
Vermont will not at this time insist upon the de-
mand for the previous question. I desire to sub-
mit a very few remarks upon the report.
Mr. MORRILL. I did not occupy any time
myself in advocating the agreement of the con-
ference committee, and I think it is but fair, there-
fore, that there should be no discussion on the
other side. If I had occupied any time in advo-
cating the report 1 would withdraw the demand
for the previous question. As it is I cannot with-
draw the demand.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope, then, that the demand
for the previous question will be voted down.
The previous question was not seconded—ayes
46, noes 60.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to state to the House
simply what the committee of conference have
done; and then if they choose to overrule the de-
cision to which they came before by a vote of five
to one, I shall have nothing to say.
When the House bill came back from the Sen-
ate, it contained the provision which is now agreed
Upon by the committee of conference, under which
certain colored troops, who had been promised
full pay for the time of their enlistment, were to
receive full pay, leaving all the rest out. The
Committee of Ways and Means reported an
amendment striking that out and inserting in lieu
thereof a provision that all colored troops should
be allowed full pay and placed on an equality
with white troops from the time-of their enlist-
ment and mustering into the service. That propo-
sition was carried by an overwhelming majority.
But, sir, the committee of conference have seen
fit to disregard the instructions of the House upon
that point, and restore the provision of the Sen-
ate entire, with the exception of addinga proviso
that this shall not affect the existing law in regard
to others, thereby leaving the implication that the
whole matter, which we had hoped was settled,
was open again to be adjudicated by the Depart-
ments.
Now, I say that those in this House who have ad-
vocated the employment of negro troops arc bound
injustice and fairness to treat them precisely as
they treat white soldiers. I have no idea that
those who call themselves by any o'ther name—
conservatives, if you please—shall dodge this
question and put the matter on the ground of being
referred to some other tribunal. It is due to our-
selves, I repeat, that, if we accept the services of
colored troops, they should be paid for their ser-
vices like any other soldiers; and I would rather
luse the whole bill than adopt the principle of
doing injustice to those who enlisted from pa-
triotic motives merely, and of doing justice only
to those who enlisted from mercenary motives.
Now, that is the whole question. I do not wish
to occupy the time of the House, but I wish to'
bring the matter fairly to their attention. I hope
the report of the committee of conference will
be voted down and that we shall have another
committee which will represent the wishes of the
House.
Mr. MORRILL. By the existing law all the
colored soldiers from the 1st of January last are
to receive the same pay as white soldiers. By
the amendment of the Senate, adopted by them
in lieu of the House provision, it was provided
that all colored persons enlisted and mustered into
the service of the United States shall be entitled
to receive the amount of pay allowed by law,
provided that the full pay of white soldiers shall
be allowed to such as were promised it by com-
petent authority at the time of their enlistment.
By the agreement of the committee of confer-
ence it will be seen that colored troops who have
had reason to expect the pay of white soldiers
by reason of pledges on the part of the Secretary
of War and Governors of States are to receive
it. Now, to make a sweeping clause giving all
colored troops, or all such persons employed in
the Army, that full amount of pay, dating back
to the beginning of the war, would involve the
drawing of a very large amount from the Treasury
—much larger than for one I feel willing at this
time to authorize. The committee of conference
haveinserted a proviso at the end of their amend-
ment in substance, that if wll these colored troops
shall be decided by proper authority to be en-
titled under the existing law to the full pay of
white troops, as it is contended by the Attorney
General of the United States, they shall then le-
ceive it. This report of the committee of con-
ference, as I understand it, covers every case
where any encouragement has been given by the
government of any State or by any officer au-
thorized by the War Department to give it; and
yet it does not prevent its being paid to those
who have nothad that.encouragement if, accord-
ing to the Attorney General, it is the legal right of
the parties so to have it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Vermont if the committee of conference,
in the report they have made,provide that all ne-
groes in the service shall have the same pay as
white soldiers hereafter?
Mr. MORRILL. That has .been provided by
another law.
Mr. GARl^IELD. Then that is not the ques-
tion involved ?
Mr. MORRILL. That is not the question in-
volved here.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish thegentlcman would
state what the question is.
Mr. MORRILL. The report involves the ques-
tion of the payment of colored men enlisted prior
to January I, 1864.
Mr. GARFIELD. All colored men?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir; all free colored
men.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman state
what the point involved is?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will state, in answer
to the question of the gentleman from Ohio, that
the question involved in this discussion is the
question which was passed upon by the Military
Committee of the House; and the section which
has been adopted by the conference committee is
almost identical with the section agreed upon by
the Military Committee of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD. What did it provide for?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. For the payment of
such regiments of infantry, such batteries, and
such companies of cavalry of colored men as had
been enlisted with an authorized assurance that
they should receive certain pay and bounty. This
provides that on the Secretary of War being in-
formed to his satisfaction that they had such as-
surances he shall order them to be paid at the
same rate as other troops.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman refers to the
amendment agreed upon by the Military Com-
mittee. I ask him if that was not overruled and
voted down by the House, who adopted the
amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means, which is now rejected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The House did adopt
certainly a different section, which the Senate
amended, and which was referred to the confer-
ence committee.
Mr.'GARFIELD, Will the gentleman state
what the clause was which is rejected?
Mr. STEVENS. Let me state it again, if 1
may be allowed this irregularity. The House
decided that all free persons of color who had
entered the Army should from the time of their
giustering in be allowed the same pay as white
soldiers. The amendment of the committee of
conference is that those who were promised it
shall receive it, leaving all o.thers to the old law.
The difference, therefore, is between those who
can prove that they had a specific promise and
those who were enlisted without it, although all
are in the same service.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The report of the com-
mittee of conference in this case, if adopted by
the House and the Senate, will not preclude the
passage of any law authorizing the payment of
colored men enlisted before the 1st of January
lastat the same ratcas other troops. This simply
provides so far, that such colored troops as were
enlisted with the assurance that they should re-
ceive the same pay and bounty as white troops
shall be so paid, and as was stated by my col-
lengue on the committee, [Mr. Morrill,] asweep-
ing law for the payment of all colored troops clear
back from the commencement of the war to the
present time, thirteen dollars a month and the
same bounty as white men were .paid, would
make a very large draft upon the Treasury, There
is equity in paying regiments and companies who
were enlisted with the assurance that they should
receive certain pay and bounty; it is equitable and
just that they should be paid that pay and boupty.
But where men wereenlisted with assurances from
the War Department that they were only to re-
ceive so much per month and no bounty, they
cannot urge the equity and justice of the claim.
Mr. DRIGGS. I would* ask the gentleman
whether the colored troops massacred at Fort Pil-
low were enlisted under the old law, and whether
the bill as now proposed to be passed will pro-
vide for payment to the heirs of those slaughteied
soldiers?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe nothing in
relation to that subject was referred to the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. DRIGGS. 1 understand that the bill does
not provide for that. I am in favOr of paying
them even if it does involve a large amount.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The heirs and repre-
sentatives of colored soldiers are placed on the
same footing as the heirs and representatives of
other soldiers, not by this bill, but by other legis-
lation of Congress. It is understood that we have
already provided that all colored soldiers enlisted
after the 1st day of January last shall receive the
same pay and bounty as white soldiers. The
question now is shall we go back to the commence-
ment of the war and pay them at that rate?
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to call the attention
of the House to the precise state of the question
as it is now presented. As the bill was originally
sent from the House to the Senate there was
nothing in it upon this subject. When it came
back from the Senate, it came with this clause:
That all persons enlisted and mustered into the service
as volunteers under the call dated October 17,-1863, for
three handled thousand volunteers, who were at the time,
oi' enlistment actually emolled and subject to draft in the
Ptate in which they volunteeied, shall receive from the
United States the same amount of bounty without regard
to color.
To that the House adopted this substitute:
That all free persons of color who have been or may ho
mu-stered into the military service of the United States shall,
from the date of their enlistment, receive the v.une uniiorm,
clothing and equipments, camp equipage, i Ations, medicine
and hospital attendance, pay and emoluments and bounty,
a-* other soldier ot the regular and volunteer lorces of the
United States of like arm of tnc service.
Mr. STEVENS. When the bill came from the
Senate it came with a proviso giving this full pay
to those who had been promised it, and to no
otheis.
Mr. MORRILL. I have read what came from
the Senate on this subject, every word of it, and
the House provision adopted as a substitute shows
