1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1497
The people have a right to demand , so far as
the elements of edd%ation are concerned, a uni-
versality of the principle* Bat the establishment
of one or two of these colleges in a State must
always result to the advantage of those who least
need the fosteringcare of the Government.. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hale] talks
about the benefit agricultural colleges are to be-
stow, whereby through the expenditure of $100
a year an agricultural education is to be obtained.
But you will have in every State thousands and
tens of thousands of these children who ought to
be regarded as the children of the nation, who
never will receive, unless it be at the hand of the
nation, the benefits of that elementary education
which will fit them for either an agricultural col-
lege or any other college. In my own State the
amount of this grant will be three hundred and
ninety thousand acres. I can see well many
modes by which an intelligent Legislature can
apply that land to the benefit and supportof those
children; but I see but little benefit either to a
State at large or to the more deserving population
by the endowmentof colleges of any kind. Such
institutions should be left to private enterprise,
but the elements of education should be universal,
and furnished by the governments of the several
States as a matter of univeisal concern.
Thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hale]
says the Legislature may appropriate these lands
to the especial benefit of the children of deceased
soldieis,and can do so consistently with the pres-
ent law. If the gentleman is correct, that accom-
plishes the end which is proposed by this amend-
ment. What objection, then, exists to it? But I
apprehend my friend is mistaken. But there can
be no argu merit against the amendment if the same
power can be exercised under the existing law.
I think the gentleman, however, is mistaken about
that, and I think that these children will have
ceased to be able to receive the benefits of our
bounty or our justice long before these agricul-
tural colleges will be able to disseminate any of
their blessings throughout the country. You have
got to appropriate these lands directly; you have
got to predicate upon them State credit in some
shape or form to make this fund available, and
these children of the nation now demand its care
and its protection. Sir, I repel here any intimation
coming from any quarter, that this measure is
either broughtforward or will be supported with
a view to any unworthy popular motives. 1
simply ask that the State of Indiana and other
States, if their Legislatures think that they can
better appropriate these lands for the support and
education of the orphan children of the gallant
dead of this war, may devote these lands to that
purpose instead of devoting them to the endow-
ment of agricultural colleges; that they may do.
either the one or the other as their own judgment
may suggest or their local interests require.
Mr. DUMONT. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of the amendment of my colleague. There is a
peculiar reason, so far as my State is concerned,
why this amendment should be adopted, and it
may not be equally applicable to States repre-
sented by other gentlemen.
A few years ago, when this appropriation of
lands was made, the act making the appropriation
required that it should be accepted within two
vears of the date of the act. Many of the States
have accepted the benefits of that act in accord-
ance with the original enactment for agricultural
purposes. I do not understand the amendment
of my colleague to interfere with the wish of other
States in this regard. Any State that prefers that
this appropriation shall be carried out in accord-
ance with the original act can carry itoutaccord-
ingly. Owingto reasons which it is not necessary
to detail here, the State of Indiana did not accept
the benefits of the act; the Legislature could not
legislate, the wheels of legislation became so cor-
roded that they would not revolve, and thus it
becomes necessary to bring forward a bill to ex-
tend the time so far as Indiana is concerned. If
it had not been for that necessity, I presume that
no proposition would have been made to divert
this appropriation from the original purpose in-
tended. It becomes necessary, however, so far
as Indiana is concerned, to extend the time. The
time expires in July, und unless it is extended
Indiana cannot get the benefit of the act at all, as
her Legislature will not again assemble until after
that time. We therefore ask that, so far as In-
diana is concerned*the time be extended so as
to enable the State Legislature to accept the ben-
efits of the acti
Now, I believe theamendment of my colleague
to be that the Legislature of the State of Indiana,
or of any State, may determine whether this land
shall be appropriated for the purposes of the
original act, or whether it shall be applied to the
support and education of the orphan children of
persons who have died or been killed in the mili-
tary service. Both of these objects are highly
beneficial and commendable; they are both good
objects, and the simple question is whether we
shall give the Legislatures of the various States
the right to say to which of those objects the land
shall be appropriated. The amendment does not
authorize the appropriation of the land to any
other objects. It indicates two objects, and gives
the Legislatures power to say to which of these
objects it shall be devoted. This thing of agri-
cultural colleges is an experiment. If 1 had a boy
that I wanted to send to an agricultural college,
the best agricultural college I know of is to send
him, at eight dollars a month, to some good
farmer. That would be the best thing to do with
him, because then he would thus acquire the best
scientific acquirements that I know of on that
subject. It may turn out that agricultural col-
leges can be established, that professorships can
be founded, and that some useful information can
be inculcated; but it is an experiment, to say the
least of it, but one doubtless very worthy of being
tried; still,so far as this country is concerned, it
is an expei iment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we know one thing, and
about that there is no dispute: that the orphan
children of those who die in attempting to put
down tins rebellion stand in an attitude that places
them before the American people as a most meri-
torious class of persons. Will we not regard the
children of the man who gots into the service,
who abandons his home and endures all the toils,
dangers, and privations of the tented field, nay,
who gives up his life in defense of the country
and leaves Ins wife a widow and his children or-
phans—will we not, I say, regard the children
of such with favor? Who will daresay that they
have no claims upon us?
The gentleman from Ohio is not bound to ap-
propriate these lands to the education of these
orphan children. Ifhe does not want them edu-
cated, if he and his State desire to confer the pe-
culiar benefits of this grant upon the children of
the rich, the most wealthy class of the commu-
nity, and those best able to send their children to
college, there is nothing in the way of his State
doing it, but so far as I am concerned I am will-
ing that my State may,ifitseemto her best, pursue
a different policy, i am willing to trust the peo-
ple of my State in regard to this matter, and that
is all that the amendment proposes. For my part,
I am willing to give the benefit* of this measure to
the most humble classes of society, because, dis-
guise it as you may, after all, the rank and file of
the Army is made up of poor hut noble men. You
will find shoulder-straps upon another class of
men; but after the whole thing is told, the rank
and file of the Army is made up of classes of poor
and patriotic men; and after they have laid their
bones on the tented field where battles are lost
and won, it is not for gentlemen to sneer at the
children they leave behind them, and to say that
it is moie important to be consistent than it is to
be just.
Now, what do they say ? They say that if this
amendment of my colleague's be adopted, it will
divert this donation of the public lands from the
purposes originally intended. Supposing it does.
Why, sir, I have spent all the days of my life in
regretting to-day the errors of yesterday, I have
spent all the days of my life in making the sec-
ond sober thought the better thought of the two.
That may have been a very proper appropriation
at the time it was made; but the country has un-
dergone a change. Nobody, three years ago,
could have dreamed of the change that has come
over the country. I had heard people talk about
disunion ever since I was a child, and believed it
was a simple "raw head and bloody bones/'a
bugaboo to frighten children to sleep. But it
turns out to be a terrible and stern reality. It
throws on our hands, and on the consideration
of the American people, thousands and hundreds
of thousands of orphan children. We now hear
the tnoan of the widow and orphan from ocean to
ocean, and from the lakes to the gulf, and God
forbid that we shall turn a deaf ear.
MESSAGE FROU THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Foknby,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed an act (No. 218) to repeal the first section
of a joint resolution therein named; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES—AGAIN.
Mr. DUMONT. I was about saying, Mr,
Speaker, that one of the-arguments against the
amendment proposed by my colleague is that it
changes the original features of the bill. Well,
it is simply changing its original features in such
localities as the people may desire to change
them. It will not change them in the State of the
gentleman, [Mr. Morrill,] where the people
can pursue just what course they please. He
may represent a wealthy constituency; he may
represent men who are well to do in the world,
and feel that they alone are to be cared for. I am
entirely willing that he shall represent that class
of men. I have no prejudices against them; but
I am a laboring man myself. I eat bread in the
sweat of my brow. I have no other means of
supporting my wife and children, or of making
a living. And yet I am not willing, on consider-
ations of mere selfishness, to disregard the claims
of others.
Take the States of Ohio and Indiana. The
State of Ohio embraced the benefits of that act.
This cannotchange the matter. Itdoes not change
it one single particle. It does not divert these
lands from the purpose for which they were ori
ginally intended. It can have no such effect, and
is not intended for any such purpose. Indiana
did not do so. It is not necessary to go into the
reason; for the very instant I should go into the
reason, one of my colleagues on the other side
would not agree with me one single inch. The
wheels of legislation got locked and would not
revolve; and in the absence of legislation the State
of Indiana loses its benefits altogether. All that
this amendment does, is to say that Indiana may
appropriate these lands to one of two objects.
My friend, the chairman of the Committee of
Claims, [Mr. Hale,] said that if we throw the
doors wide open, one State would be appropri-
ating these lands to one purpose and one for an-
other purpose. There is no such proposition.
The amendment involves no such thing as that.
It simply specifies two subjects to which these
lands may be applied. I defy any gentleman to
stand on this floor and show for one single mo-
ment that the object to which the amendment per-
mits the States to appropriate these lands is not
a meiitorious one. The original purpose was a
good one, and I do not consider the amendment
as at war with the original bill, and think that for
all practical purposes they may and will be made
to harmonize. I am a friend to the noble pursuit
of agriculture, am a farmer myself, and would be
the last man to aim an unfriendly blow at that
interest. I eat my bread in the sweat of my brow,
and respect others who do the same.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, if this had
been a partition of these lands among the several
States, I should be the last man to prevent Indiana
from giving her share to any purpose she might
select; butas Indiana as yet has no right to these
lands, they belonging to the United States, or to
those States who have signified their acceptance
of the grant, under the act of Congress for the
purpose of establishing agricultural colleges, I
must object to the diversion proposed by the pend-
ing amendments. The State of Indiana has not
signified its acceptance under the grant. Hence
if these lauds, by the change now sought to be
wrought by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Dumont,] be given to that State for the purpose
of educating the orphan children of deceased sol-
diers, then we are making what is tantamount to
an original grant from Congress for that purpose.
We would be granting to Indiana these landsfor
the purpose of educating the children of deceased
soldiers. These lands were set apart by Congress
for a different purpose. I do not speak to-day
for Ohio, because she has taken the lands under
the terms prescribed by the act of Congress for
the purpose of establishing an agricultural col-
lege. If Indiana has not done so, or if any othe*
