1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
?44£
government and ordain a constitution containing
them, which, when adopted, the convention shall
? by ordinance provide for submitting to the peo-
ple of the State entitled to vote under this law, at
an election to be hold in the manner prescribed
by it for the election of delegates, but at a time
and place named by the convention, at which
election the before prescribed electors, and none
others, shall vote directly for or againstsuch con-
stitution and form of State government. The
returns of this election are to be made to the pro-
visional governor, who is to canvass thenp in the
presence of the electors, and if a majority of the
votes cast shall be for the constitution atid form
of government, he shall certify the same, with a
copy thereof, to the President of the United States,
who, after obtaining the assent of Congress, shall,
by proclamation, recognize the government so es-
tablished, and none other, as the constitutional
government of the State; and from the date of
such recognition, and not before, Senators and
Representatives and electors for President and
Vice President may he elected in such State, ac-
cording to the laws of the State and of the United
States.
The ninth section declares that if the conven-
tion shall refuse to reestablish the State govern-
ment on the conditions named, the provisional
governor shall declare it dissolved; but it shall be
the duty of the President, whenever he $hali have
reason to believe that a sufficient number of the
people of the Slate entitled to voteunder thisacf,
in number not less than a majority of those en-
rolled, are willing to reestablish a State govern-
ment on the conditions named, to direct the pro-
visional governor to order another election of
delegates to a convention for the purpose and in
the manner prescribed in this act, and to proceed
in all respects as before provided, either to dis-
solve the convention or to certify the State gov-
ernment reestablished by it to the President.
Until the United States shall have recognized
a republican form of State governnment the tenth
section makes it the duty of (he provisional gov-
ernor to see that this act, and the laws of the
United States, and the laws of the State in force
when the State government was overthrown by
„ the rebellion, are faithfully executed within the
State; but no law or usage whereby any person
was heretofore hold in involuntary servitude is to
be recognized or enforced by any court or officer
in such State; and the laws for the trial and pun-
ishment of white persons are to extend to all per-
sons, and jurors are to have the qualifications of
voters under this law for delegates to the conven-
tion. The President is to appoint such officers
provided for by the laws of the State when its
government was overthrown as he may find ne-
cessary to the civil administration of the State,
who are to be entitled to receive the fees and emol-
uments provided by the State laws for such offi-
cers.
The eleventh section provides that until the
recognition of a State government as before pro-
vided for, the provisional governor shall, under
such regulations as he may prescribe, cause to be
assessed, levied, and collected, for the year 1864,
and every year thereafter, the taxes provided by
the laws of such State to he levied during the fis-
cal year preceding the overthrow of the State gov-
ernment thereof, in the manner prescribed by the
laws of the State, as nearly as may be; and the
officers provided for by the preceding section are
to be vested with all powers of levying an4 col-
lecting such taxes, by distress or sale, as were
vested m any officers or tribunal of the former
State government for those purposes. The pro-
ceeds of buch taxes are to be accounted for to the
provisional governor, and be by him applied to
the expenses of the administration of the laws in
such State, subject to the direction of the Presi-
dent, and the surplus to be deposited in the Treas-
ury of the United States to the credit'of such
State, to be paid to the State upon an appropria-
tion therefor, to be made when a republican farm
of government shall be recognized therein by the
United States.
By section twelve, all persons held to involun-
tary servitude or labor in the States referred to
are emancipated and discharged therefrom, and
they and their posterity are declared to be forever
free. And if any such persons or their posterity
shall he restrained of liberty, under pietense of
any claim to such service or labor, the courts of
the United States shall, on habeas corpus, discharge
them.
The thirteenth section provides that if any per-
son declared free by this or any law of the United
States, or any proclamation the President,
be restrained of liberty, with intent to be held
in or reduced to involuntary servitude or labor,
the person convicted before a court of competent
jurisdiction of such act shall be^.punished by fine
of not less than $1,500, and be imprisoned not
less than five nor more than twenty years; and
by the fourteenth section every person who shall
hereafter hold or exercise any office, civil or mili-
tary, except offices merely ministerial and mili-
tary offices below the grade of colonel, in the rebel
service, State or confederate, is declared not to be
a citizen of the United States.
The first amendment of the Committee on Ter-
ritories was in section one, line six, after the word
"governor" to strikeout " whose pay and emol-
uments shall not exceed that of a brigadier gen-
eral of volunteers," and to insert "whose pay
shall be $3,000 per annum."
Mr. WADE. 1 liked the amendment very well
at the time it was got up, but it is so late in the
session that I do not think it best to amend the
bill in that particular. It wasdeemed convenient
to put the pay of a brigadier general in plain terms
rather than have it as it was in the original bill,
" thepay and emoluments." As the bill will have
to go back to the other House with the amend-
ment, and that would jeopardize it, I would rather
that the amendment should not be concurred in.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section two, line eight, before the word " male"
to strike out '* white;" so as to read, "and en-
roll all male citizens of the United States."
Mr. WADE. In my anxiety to, give these
people all their rights I feel now that this bill is
of great importance, and that this amenj|,ment, if
adopted, will probably jeopardize the bill; and as
I believe that the provisions of this bill outweigh
all such considerations, and at this stage of pro-
ceedings that there is no time for discussion upon
it, although I agreed to this amendment in com-
mittee I would rather it should not be adopted,
because, in my judgment, it will sacrifice the bill.
Mr. L4-NE, of Kansas. This amendment was
agreed to in committee. 1 do not propose to de-
tain the Senate by a discussion, but 1 want to re-
cord my vote upon the amendment. I therefore
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. tlALE. 1 shall vote m accordance with
the suggestion of my friend from Ohio. I enter-
tain the same opinions about it as he does; but
he thinks the bill had better go through as it is,
and I shall waive my conscientious scruples and
go for expediency.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Mes^r*. Brown, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Pomc-
roy, and Sumner—5.
NAYS— Messrs. Carhle, Chandler, Clark, Connesa, Da-
vis, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Hcndiieks, Iiick^, Tianpot Indiana,
Morrill, Powell, Kani^ey, Kichaid<nn, Riddle, Sauf.-huiy,
Sherman, Sprague, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey,
ami Wihoti—21.
ABSENT—Anihony, Rnckalew, Col lamer, Cow-
an, Dixon, DoohttU', Fessendfii, Foster, Harding, Harlan,
Harris, H<jnder*on, Howard, Howe, Johnson, McDougalJ,
Nesuuth, Trumbull, Wilkinson, and Wright—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in section three, line
five, before the word li population" to strike out
the word u white."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That is the same
principle.-
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in section four, line
two, before the word "male" to strike out
" white."
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments reported by the committee have been dis-
posed of, and the bill is still open to amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I offer tiie following amend-
ment; I move to strike out all after the enacting
clausc of the bill and insert these words;
That whon the inhabitants of any-State have been de-
clared in a state of instnrecuon a«amst the United States'
by piociamation of the President, by lorce and virtue of
the act entitled *c An act f'uuher to provide {or the collec-
tion of <liiiies on unpoits, and for other ptirpo>es," ap-
proved July 13,1861, tUeybhall be, and are hereby declared
to be, incapable of casting any vpte for electors of PresJ-,
dent or Vice President Of tine United States, or of electing'
Senators or Representatives in Congress, until *aid insur-
rection m said State is suppressed or abandoned and said
inhabitants have returned to their obedience to thft Gov--
ernmcnt of the United States, nor until such return to.obe-'
dience shall be declared by proclamation of the Prestddnti"
issued by virtue of an act of Congress, hereafter to be
passed, authorizing the same.
I desire to state that in offeringthisameri'dment**
I have been prompted chiefly by the fact that the
session is drawing so near its close that we have
not time to discuss a measure of this importance
as it should be discussed. !, for one, am notsuf-
ficiently familiar with the details of this bill, and:
there are certain features of it that do not meet
my approbation which I would like to amend, to
alter, and to change; but it is very apparent that
as matters now stand it will be impossible to da
so. The present amendment provides all the se-
curity which can be asked in regard to the exer-
cise ofelectoral privileges in these districts. That
is the necessity of the hour. 1 propose to pro-
vide for that necessity, and to leave the matter of
reconstruction to a later day when events shall
have perhaps altered some of the relations in which
these districts now stand to us. I do not think,
furthermore, that the attitude of the country to
which this bill is proposed to appiy is sufficiently
distinct and sufficiently developed to justify usat
this hour in passing upon the work oi reconstruc-
tion. I therefore move the amendment, which is
to strike outall afterthe enacting clause and make
the provision there recited.
Mr. WADE. I hope this amendment will not
be adopted. J do not think the reasons that have
been assigned are sufficient to induce u's to reject
a bill that has been got up with so much labor
and care in the other branch,and studied consid-
erably at all events by the committee who had it
in charge in this. The Senator thinks that the
bill has not been long enough before us for us to
understand it, or that there are points about the
bill that would lead to a more extended discussion
than can now be given to it, I do not think there
is any sound reasoning in all that. This bill was
passed by the House of Representatives at an
early period of the session. It has been upon our
tables, I brieve, some five months. The Com-
mittee on Territories had it under their consider-
ation, and I have called the attention of Senators
to its provisions and requested almost every Sen-
ator on this side of the Chamber, at all events,
from time to time to take up the bill and look at
it. I have taken more than ordinary care to ad-
monish Senators to look into it and be prepared
to vote upon it whenever it should come up; and
therefore I believe that if the bill is not thor-
oughly understood by the Senate at this time it
never will be. The next session will be a short
session, and the bill cannot certainly be so long
before us at the next session as it has been now.
But there is nothing in the provisions of this bill
at all intricate or difficult to be understood.
° This great question is pending before the coun-
try; it will not lie still; the Administration will
force it on our consicJeration frequently, and it
will arise in a thousand ways before us as long
as this war shall continue and afterwards. The
question will be asked of every man who goes
out to canvass during the coming election,44 What
do you propose to do with these seceded States
in regard to their coming back?" Every one soys
that the Union must be reestablished in some
form; but how ? That question is in the mind of
every man, woman, £nd child in the country.
The Union is to be preserved; but upon what
principle will you permit these people to come
back into the Union? It is a very natural ques-
tion; it arises every day to everybody that con-
siders the subjectatall, and we must be prepared
to give an answer to it. Here Congress has been
in session seven months; we are about to leave and
go back among the people,and they will say,14 You
have talked very much and very long and very
loud about reconstruction; some of these Slates
have sent their agents and demanded readmission
into the Union; you have voted them out; you
have refused to receive them; but have you de-
clared on what principle you will permit them to
come in?" Our political opponents will say to
us," It is your deliberate purpose to subdue these
people, to subjugate them, to tyrannize over them,
and never to let them come back into the Union
on equal terms with the other States; when they
