2474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
construction of law, any pretense, or any admis-
sion, held the relation which formerly existed be-
tween them and those who had been their masters
in the slave States.
Now the committee of conference say they will
go behind the 1st of January. In what respect?
That they will go behind the 1st of January and
declare that all those colored troops who in Mas-
sachusetts, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and
elsewhere were enlisted upon any assurance that
they should be put upon an equality with the
white troops shall be so treated, no matter what
construction may be put upon the law by the
War Department; and that as to all others who
are not included in any such contract or assurance
or engagement they shall receive pay under the
law, ana.that nothing in this section shall be con-
strued to prevent their receiving it. They make
no distinction between the freedmen and the
slaves, and they say that all freemen of color, and
those formerly slaves, shall be put upon the same
footing, no matter what the construction of the
law may be. The distinction formerly made be-
tween those two classes is not made by the com-
mittee of conference. They make no difference
in reference to the status which they formerly
had. That distinction was only made by the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and which was adopted by the House,and which
is now part of the bill. Perhaps the discrimina-
tion was made with a purpose. But if gentlemen
are desirous'to wipe out all distinction let them
go with the committee of conference, who decide,
as against the War Department and all construc-
tions made to the contrary there or elsewhere,
that those who have had assurances of the kind
referred to shall be absolutely paid, and that those,
whether freedmen or slaves, who have had no
such assurances shall be remitted to the law as
construed here by the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Davis] and other gentlemen and by the At-
torney General to receive precisely what others
receive under like circumstances. I shall vote to
sustain the committee of conference.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say that when this bill was returned Aom the
Senate, and was under consideration in this
House, the gentleman from Indiana moved to
strikeout the sixth amendment of the Senate.
By some mistake or fault of my own I was re-
corded on the Journal as having voted in the af-
firmative upon the adoption of the Senate amend-
ment. 1 attempted to correct the Journal; and the
mistake was corrected in the report made to the
associated press. But being nn inexperienced
member here, I did not follow up the collection
quite far enough, and I find I um rccoided in the
Globe as having voted for the Senate amendment,
I desired to make this statement, so that the cor-
rection may appear in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will stale that
the gentleman is corrcciiy reported in the Journal.
Mr. ORIS WOLD. I submit to gentlemen who
have been discussing this question that the recom-
mendation of the conference committee only pro-
poses to discriminate in favor of those who had
a legal and authorized assuinnee—.not any left-
handed nssurance.or innuendo, but an assurance
from an authorized party—that they should re-
ceive this pay.
Mr. THAYER. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whencc that legal authority was derived.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I am giving you the lec-
ornmendation of the conference committee. They
only report in favor of doing thus and so pro-
vided a legal and authorized assurance was given.
Again, I submit that if the ruling of the Attorney
General be established, there can be no leg.il dis-
crimination made between the colored and the
white troops.
Mr. STEVENS. Then had we not better set-
tle the question definitely in this bill, and not lea\ e
it open ?
Mr. GRISWOLD. All I can say in answerto
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is that the com-
mittee of conference found diverging sentiments
and extreme views in either direction, and they
knew of no other way in which to reconcile the
action of the two Houses except by some medium
couise that should satisfy measurably all parties
in the two Houses.
Now, Ldesire to ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Thayer] who last spoke, whether
there is any greater injustice in this discrimina-
tion in pay between colored and white troops than
there is in the discrimination between the pay of
.the white troops themselves.
1 submit to the gentleman that there are very
great inequalities existing in the pay of white
troops. A large number of the white troops who
have entered theservice of the United States have
done so without any bounty at all, while a large
number of others'have received very large boun-
ties. I submit that if we do justice in the present
emergency of the country.that is all that can be ex -
pected of Congress. Hereafter, if the gentleman
chooses to appeal to our magnanimity or our be-
nevolence, why then, for one, I shall be willing to
go with him in that direction. But I submit that
this is no time for any undue liberality or mag-
nanimity. If we do justice to these black troops
that is all that can be required of us.
Mr. MORRILL. I am about to demand the
previous question, but before doing so I desire
to call the attention of the House back to the
original proposition. As the bill passed the House
there was nothing in it in relation to this subject.
The Senate, more regardful of the interests of the
colored men than were the House, introduced a
proposition. The House took that up, and, not
thinking that it went far enough, they went still
further, and so far that the Senate regarded it as
involving too heavy an expense upon the Treas-
ury, more than it cari afford to bear at the present
time. It does not seem to me that this is a ques-
tion for any great deal of eloquence or heat. I
do not see any reason why we should get excited
over this proposition, when we originally voted
ourselves here to pay colored men only ten dol-
lars per month. That was the original proposi-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me correct the gentle-
man. We voted no such thing in the Army bill.
Mr. MORRILL. A year ago we voted to pay
colored men ten dollais per month.
Mr. STEVENS. Not colored troops, butsim-
ply contrabands employed about camps.
Mr. MORRILL. There is no provision in re-
lation to that, except that we provided that we
would pay them ten dollars a month. Now it
is proposed that we shall go back and pay all
of these men who have been employed nwthe
Army, in minor offices, in menial employments,
wherever they have been enlisted and employed
by the Aimy, the full sum that we have paid our
white troops from the start. Under existing cir-
cunustances, and in view of the condition of the
Tieasury, I think that we ought to hesitate be-
fore we place such a heavy burden upon theTreas-
ui y. And yet my fnend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Steven's] comes in here and, with his usual em-
phasis, says that he is willing to lose this Army
bill rather than forego the privilege of being thus
magnanimous to a portion of the coloied troops
who have never received any assurance, either
from us or from the War Department, that they
were to rcceive any such sum as it is now pro-
posed to pay them.
Under the circumstances, at this late stage of
the session, when we are all anxious to teimiuatc
it as early as possible, I think it wise that wc
should not, as legislators, assume that all other
men shall agree with us. I was originally in
favor of the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] but finding that
it is going to involve so large a sum I was ready
to yield my opinion. I think it is but fair that we
should yield something, and should admit that
the judgment of other men is worth something ;
as well as our own. 1 move the previous ques- j
Hon on the adoption of the report. ■
Mr. WADSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
from Vermont to withdiaw the previousquestion,
and I will renew it.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw the previous
question.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I have
endeavored to hear what has been said in this dis-
cussion, but I nmafraid, from the noise in the lively
House, with ill success. If I can understand the
subject and the report of the committee of confer-
ence, it is proposed to pay a portion of the negro
troops in the sen ice of the United States, by retro- 1
active opeiation, thirteen dollars a month from the j
date of enlistment, leaving a still larger portion of \
the negi o troops to be paid at the rate of ten dollars
a month. The leason given for that is, as I un- (
derstand, that certain poisons holding official re- ,
lations with the Government, without any au-
thority of law to do so, made promises or gave
assurances to those regiments that are proposed
to be thus distinguished that Congress would in
the future make their pay equal to that of the
white troops, or would make no distinction as to
pay between the negro and white troops; and
that, as to other negro regiments, no such en-
couragement had been held out. That 1 under-
stand to be the ground substantially on which this
discrimination rests. I am not satisfied that such
a discrimination is just.
I do not believe that such a distinction between
negro troops in the employment of the Govern-
ment should be made, lean see no reason for it.
My own opinions on the business of employing
negro troops are well known. But, sir, if 1 were
in favor of employing negro troops I should cer-
tainly make no distinction between different regi-
ments of negro troops in their pay or between
their pay and the pay of white troops. Whoever
consents to employ the African race as soldiers in
this war has pledged himself before the country
and before mankind that he will treat the African
race upon the principles of justice and equality.
He has no right to hesitate after he has done that
thing. He cannot take the position of calling a
subject race into this struggle forthepreservation
of the Union, taking that race through all the
blood and suffering of along war, and then deny-
ing to it justice and equality. He cannot do it.
1 would be ashamed to do it if I were responsible
for calling the African race into this struggle.
Witnessing here from day to day the hesitation
of anti-slavery politicians, I am almost tempted
to hold the opinion expressed by a distinguished
leader of the ultra-£bolitionists—-that no honest
abolitionist can take office under the Government
of the United States. I have seen men holding
office under the Government of the United States
fall so far shoit of that to which they are pledged
by the principles on which they profess to stand,
that 1 am almost tempted to come to the same con-
clusion. Men responsible for arming the African
race, for its sufferings and blood, hesitate here to
give the negro the right to vote. For shame!
For shame! You employ negroes to the extent
of one hundred and thirty thousand men, you seek
the aid of more than twice that number, to light
for you, to die for you, to preserve your Govern-
ment, to give you empire, and then you refuse to
allow them the commonest rights of men. Do
not tell mc that you give the negro liberty, and
that that is a fair compensation for his struggles
and blood. Just men, wherever through the
world, will remain unsatisfied with you. You
merely mock him by giving him liberty and then
denying him all those rights which give value to
liberty in the eyes of every man fit to be free.
Come, be consistent; follow your principles, and
let us, although we cannot agree with, at least
lespect you Tell the country that you aim at
abolishing all distinctions of race and color. The
country may sustain you, and there's an end of
the struggle. The country may condemn you,
and then, if you have the truth, "learn to labor
and to wait.''
Mr. Speaker, I shall not vote to make any dif-
ference in the pay of negro troops in the service
of the Government. If I shall vote to pay any I
shall vote to pay all. I cannot make any dis-
crimination between them. AVhat right had the
Secretary of War to promise to the fifty-fourth
Massachusetts regiment of negro troops thirteen
dollars a month? Or why should he have hesi-
tated to hold out the same encouragement to other
negro regiments? Would Congress do justiceto
only the negroes of Massachusetts and not to all?
But whence did he get the right to give any pledge
for Congress? He had just the same right that
he had to seize the World and Journal of Com-
merce in New York—to violate the fieedom of
the press, and thereby to insult liberty, to insult
the whole American nation, to stamp ourcauso
with the odium which attaches to vile tyranny.
His promise was, as usual, worth nothing. It
ought not to have misled anybody. The only
ground on which this claim for backpay can be
put is that the negs© soldier is entitled to the
same compensation as the white soldier; and that
is as true in regard to the negro regiment as it is
to another.
Now, sir, I shall not vote in any instance to pay-
any ncgio regiment. 1 will be perfectly frank with
