3450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
have in form made a free constitution and elected
Senators according to the forms of law, and who
as they believed were entitled to seats4ierfe, you
have thrust them out, but you do not declare any
principle on which you will admit them." That
would be wrong. We ought to be able to an-
swer authoritatively everybody that demands to
lenowupon what principle they shall be admitted.
The amendment that is now offered to this bill
will give the people no information upon that
subject. It is a bare negative. It declares that
they shall not come in until Congress_ shall pro-
vide some principle for their admission, and of
course it le'aves it entirely a blank how that shall
be. This bill goes on to prescribe precisely on
what principle we are willing to admit these peo-
ple into the Union again, and that pressing ques-
tion it seems to me should now be decided. I
hold that there is nothing tyrannical or oppress-
ive in this bill, but that it proceeds upon the most
liberal grounds of equality. On the one hand it
guards the Federal Government against the ad-
mission of dangerous persons who still adhere to
the confederate notions, and it prescribes the
principle on which all the loyal people of the
States can come back, and it provides for them
a just and equitable government during the period
o£ their transition state while they remain outside
of the Union as States. It guards their rights
most sedulously; and it undertakes to deal most
equitably with those that are not in a condition
safely to be admitted into the Union again. It
prescribes deliberately and plainly the principle
of organization and when they can be permitted
to come back, and the bill escapes many of those
questions that have been agitated in debate both
in this and the other House.
What is the relation that these seceded States
hold to the General Government now? Gentle-
men differ widely on that subject. It is a most im-
portant question, however, to be ascertained and
declared by Congress, for the Executive ought not
to be permitted to handle this great question to
his own liking. It docs not belong, under the
Constitution, to the President to prescribe the rule,
and it is a base abandonment of our own powers
and our own duties to cast this gray: principle
upon the decision of the executive branch of the
Government. It belongs to us; and the House
of Representatives, in the performance of their
duty, have in my judgment wisely performed this
gu;at function. 1 know very well that the Presi-
dent from ihcbest motives undertook to fix a rule
upon which lie would admit these Slates back
into the Union. It was not upon any piinciple
of republicanism', it would nothave guarantied to
the {States a tepublican form of government, be-
cause he prescribed the rule to be that when one
tenth of the population would take a ceitain oath
and ngiee to come back into the Union they
might come in as Slates. When we consider
that in the light of Atneiican principle, to say the
least of it it was absurd. The idea that a State
shall take upon itself the great privilege of self-
government when there-are only one tenth of the
people that can stand by the principle is most
anti-republican, anomalous,and entirely subvei-
sive of the great principles that underlie all our
State governments and the General Government.
Majouties must mle, and until majorities can be
found loyal and trustworthy for State govern-
ment, theymust be governed by a stronger hand.
It is a necessity imposed upon the General Gov-
ernment by the Constitution itself.
I have said that it is the duty of the Federal
Government to guaranty to every State a repub-
lican form of government, and hero, Senators, re-
member that the bill moving upon this great prin-
ciple moves under the broad aigis of the Consti-
tution of the United States. It sets up no fanciful
principle of government outside of that instru-
ment. It disposes of this grave question, what
is the condition of these States and what is their
relation to the General Government ? It does not
go outside of the Constitution ofthe United States
itself. I say again, it leaves nothing to gentle-
men's judgment or the different fancies that may
spring up among different individuals.
It has been contended in the House of Repre-
sentatives, it has been contended upon this floor,
that the States may lof>e their organization, may
lose their rights as States, may lose their corpo-
rate capacity by rebellion. 1 utterly deny that
doctrine. I hold that once a State of this Union,
always a State; that you cannot by wrong and
violence displace the rights of anybody or disor-
ganize the State. It would be a most hazardous
principle to assert that. No, sir; the framers of
your Constitution rntetided no such thing. They
did not leave this great question untouched; and
when we study thatgreat instrument I can hardly
help but stop and contemplate the all-embracing
wisdom that seemed to actuate them, for you can
find hardly an exigency that may arise in the
complicated affairs of government that they did
not anticipate and provide for. They did foresee
that in the progress of the Government some of
the States mightgo into rebellion, that they might
undertake themselves to absolve their connection
with the Geneial Government and setup some
hostile government of their own; and they ex-
pressly provided for just such a case; and how
gentlemen with this principle ofthe Constitution
staring them in the face can fancy that States can
lose their rights because more or less of the peo-
ple have gone off into rebellion is marvelous to
me. The principle of law everywhere is that no
honest man shall lose a right by wrong or usurp-
ation. The act of rebellion is void. It may have
physical force for the moment to displace rights;
but the law never yields to any such power as
that. The law never anywhere acknowledges
that right can be overthrown by wrongful action.
They, then, who contend that the State govern-
ments are lost, obliterated, blotted out, are con-
tending against the face and eyes of the Consti-
tution. Has that said any such thing? No, sir.
It has said that the Federal Government shall
guaranty to every State a republican form of
government; and if a portion of the people un-
dertake to overthrow their Government and set
up another, it is the manifest duty of the General
Government immediately to interfere, arid, if ne-
cessary, to interpose the strong arm of its power
to prevent such a state of things. Precisely that
state of things is upon us, and this bill proceeds
upon that idea and discards absolutely the notion
that States may lose their rights and that they
maybe abrogated and maybe reduced to the con-
dition of Territories. It denies any such thing
as that. No sound principle can be adopted that
wairants any such thing.
Then, sir, what is the manifest duty* of this
Government now? I know the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] theother day talked
about selling bear-skins before you had caught
the bear, about our troubling ourselves about
these questions before they arise. I agree to that;
but have they not arisen ? Are they not pressed
on our consideration in every possible shape all
the time? Will the question keep quiet and lie
still? No, sir. There are thousands and hundreds
of thousands of loyal men pressed down by the
arms of rebels, ovorpoweiod, their property de-
stroyed, their houses burned over their heads,
their lives jeoparded by rebellion, and they look
to the strong arm of the Federal Government to
reinstate them in their rights and protect their
States in the relation they formerly held; and it
is the object and purpose of the bill to say to them,
"So far as the General Government can reach
your case, we will do so; we are not about to
leave you without any redress; we are going to
take you loyal men by the hand and lead you
back again to the old Government and protect
you against the hell-hounds that are seeking to
rob you of your rights and overthrow the Gov-
ernment." They have a riglft to ask that at our
hands. It is our duty to spend our lives and our
property, ay, and our honor is involved in their
protection.
I am not going to argue this bill at length; I
did'not intend to say a word upon it at this stage
ofthe proceedings; but I wish to say again that
this bill has kept close hold, if I may say so,
i along the lino of the Constitution. It lids been
I regardful of the rights of loyal men everywhere.
On the one hand it has extended to them aid and
help and relieved them from all external restraints
just so far as is consistent with their safety. On
the other hand it has endeavoied to discriminate
\ in favor of the Gcncial Government, and to show
| so far as we can precisely how far the General
i Government can safely go in permitting the re-
i bellious States to come back, for theie is no loyal
! man North or South that would wi h to come in
i here until his State was in such a condition that
i he could be the real representative of a majority
ofthe people there. If a man were received upon
this floor or that ofthe other House, until he was
truly the representative ofthe people from whence
he came, his condition would be entirely anoma-
lous, his word would notgo forth with power and
authority; he would be like one among us repre-
sentatives that had no constituents behind him,
that represented nobody. No honorable man in
the southern States would wish to be here our
associate until he could say " I stand on this floor
representing a loyal constituency that are as
anxious to uphold the Government as are you,"
and the moment that he can say that this bill al-
lows him to stand here my equal and the equal of
anybody else on this floor or on the floor of the
House of Representatives. No honorable man
should want anything more. No honorable man
should put up with anything less.
Mr. President, the question is so large that
when one gets into it he is tempted into details
that I feel there is no time now to indulge in. The
bill prescribes, as I have said, that there shall be
a military governor in each of these States until
he can ascertain that a majoi ity are willing to re-
turn it; and he is to ascertain just as soon as it
can be done by the appointment of certain com-
missioners who are to go out and take a census
of the people and ascertain their wishes and de-
sires on this subject,and ascertain whether there
are really a majority of the people in the State
that propose to come back who are truly loyal
and could maintain a government. The bill pro-
vides that the military governor shall do this,and
the very moment it becomes certain that there are
a majority able to do this, the military governor's
power is to cease, and it is to be resigned into
civil hands who are to go on and organize the
State. Who will say that is not right? Of course
it is right. So the bill goes on to prescribe the
form of proceeding; and I do not suppose thatany
man here will object to all that, and therefore I
leave it.
The latter part of the bill goes on to define the
principles which shall be adopted in the new con-
stitution that they shall frame, and that, I sup-
pose, will be the portion of the bill which will
receive more criticism than any other. The bill
prescribes that each of these States shall have a
republican form of government; and now the
question is, how can you, with the light of our
present experience, set up a republican form of
government? I think that the great Union party
of the country are altogether convinced that sla-
very mixed up in a Government is so unsafe, so
liable to overthrow that it cannot be admitted as
an element in a State government. The sad ex-
perience of this terrible i evolution has,as we Union
men believe, grown out of the institution of sla-
very alone, and this war is the legitimate and nat-
ural fruit of that state of things. Would we then,
in guaiantying a republican form of government,
suffer it to be mixed up with anomalous elements
calculated to immediately destroy whatsve setup?
In the light of our present experience, that, to say
the least of it, would be folly. Therefore this bill
has taken special pains to say that the new gov-
ernment shall, in its constitution, proclaim eman-
cipation as a condition upon which it shall be per-
mitted to come into the Union.
There was a time when a precedent like this
would have been deemed unconstitutional. I
know it made a great controversy whether when
a State was about to come into the Union we
might prescribe any particular principle for its
State constitution. We have done so, however,
in every State that we have ever admitted, and
yet perhaps it never wa« entirely settled. .But in
the light of our present experience I ask any man
who is u lover of peace and who intends to make
a constitution that shall live forever, saying noth-
ing of the wrong, saying nothing of slaveiy in
any other than a political point of view, would it
be safe, would it be wise for us in admitting States
back into this Union to permit them to come with
the very element that had carried them out, with
the very seeds of destruction which had destroyed
them already? No,sir, we would not do it. The
framcrs of this hill have sedulously shut it out,
and made it a condition on which the seceded
States shall come back that it shall be a funda-
mental principle of their constitution that slavery
is excluded. If there is a Republican in the Sen-
ate who objects to that I am sorry for it.
Gentlemen admonish me that I have not time
