1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1499
might be well made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Hale,} or the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] that it was outof hostility
to the idea of agi[cultural colleges. Instead of
that, we are proposing that one or the other of
two plans—one for the benefit of those already
partially educated, the other for the maintenance
and education of those who have the strongest
claim on the sympathy, the justice,and the sup-
port of the American people—shall be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman's proposi-
tion either diverts these lands from the original
purpose, or it does not.
Mr. HOLMAN. It does not. It leaves the
Legislatures of the States the power to divert
them if they think proper. If the Legislatures
do not think proper to do so, the grant is accepted
under the original law.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand that. Con-
gress does not divert them, but it empowers an
agent to do so.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes.
Mr. MORRILL. And what an agent does,
the principal does.
Mr. HOLMAN. It empowers the people
through their representatives to appropriate these
lands to the one or the other of these objects. I
am very anxious about this matter. So far as it
affects my own State, I am not afraid to trust her
people or her Legislature.
Now, for the purpose of avoiding the difficulty
which gentlemen may urge—that m some of the
States they may not desiie to have this diversion
made—I wish to oiler again the proposition that
I originally offered, allowing the Legislature of
the State of Indiana to apply these lands to either
of these two objects. 1 so offer it.
Mr. SMlTHERS. I ask the gentleman fiom
Indiana to withdiaw that, and insist on his origi-
nal amendment. It was at the suggestion of my-
eclf that the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr.
Wjndom] so drew it. As he drew it in that way
I will support it. I cannot support the amend-
ment referring only to the State of Indiana. If it
be left to the option of all the States to divert the
lands to the education of orphan children of sol-
diers, or to use them accoi ding to their original
dedication by the act, I will vote for it. I concur
entirely in the line of observations made by the
gentleman from Indiana.
enrolled bills.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 79) to incorporate Providence
hospital in the city of Washington, Distuct of
Columbia;
An act (S. No. 82) concerning notaries public
for the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 155) to incorporate the Union
Gas-Light Company of the District of Columbia;
and
An act (S. No. 1G3) to authorize the Columbia
Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind
to confer degrees.
agricultural colleges' again.
Mr. WINDOM. Wish the permission of the
gentleman from Indiana, 1 will renew the amend-
ment the gentleman has just withdrawn as an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. i yield forthatpurpose, and
I now call the previous question on my amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that if
the previous question be ordered it will exhaust
itself when the amendmentto theamendmentand
the amendment shall have been voted on.
Mr. PRUYN. It will not apply to the other
sections of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It will not. It applies only
to the amendment and the amendment to the
amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordeied to be put.
Upon the amendment to the amendment 21
voted in the affirmative, and 71 in the negative.
Mr. WINDOM called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
submitted by Mr. Holman; and being put, 38
voted in the affirmative, and 65in the negative.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MORRILL demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the third reading of the bill.
Mr. PRUYN. I should like to be heard upon
the amendment still pending to the bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order pend-
ing the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question recurred upon the following
amendment reported by the Committee on Agri-
culture:
At the end of the first section add:
And any State or Teri itory w liich has heretofore acceptcd,
or may hereafter accept, the provisions of the said act, shall
be authorized to locate the lands, or any part tiiereof, to
which they may respectively become entitled under the
said aet.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to inquire whether with
the consent of the chairman of the Committee on
Agriculture I can offer a substitute for that amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. Not at this time, the pre-
vious question having been ordered upon the bill.
Mr. CLAY. I will then modify my proposi-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been oidered upon the bill and amendment
the gentleman can only modify his amendment by
unanimous consent. If the gentleman asks the
unanimous consent of the House for that purpose
the Chair will put that question.
Mr. CLAY. I ask unanimous consent tooffer
the following as a substitute for my amendment:
Piovidcd, The first and second proviso-* contained m the
second section of the paid aet, approved 2d July, 1862, are
hereby repealed, and the several States to which land senp
lias heen issued, or may he issued, under said act, may at
any time locate the lands so granted to them respectively,
eithei wholly or in pait, as th?y may sec fit.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to that.
Theamendment was disagreed to—ayes thirty-
one, noes not counted.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was accordingly read the thiid time.
Mr. COLE, of Washington. I ask the consent
of the House to submit an amendmentto the bill -
Mr. MORRILL. I object. I demand the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed;and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated that the business next
in order was the call of committees for reports of
a private nature.
president's annual message.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union upon the Pres-
ident's annual message; and move, to enable the
committee to have that under consideration, that
all special orders in committee be postponed.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now ask
for the vote on going into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boctwelj,
in the chair,) and lesumed the consideration of
the President's annual message, upon which Mr.
Long was entitled to the floor.
Mr. LONG. Mr. Chairman, I speak to-day
for the pieservatiun of the Government, and al-
though for the first time within these walls, I
propose to indulge in that freedom of speech and
latitude of debate so freely exercised by other
gentlemen for the past four months, and which
is admissible tinder the rules m the present con-
dition of the House. But for what I may say
and the position i shall occupy upon this floor
and before the country I alone will be responsi-
ble, and m the independence of a Representative
of the people I intend to proclaim the deliberate
convictions of my judgment in this fearful hour
of the country's peril; '
And now, Mr. Chairman, as we* are in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state (5f the Union,
let us inquire how stands the Union to-day. A
little over three years ago the present occupant
of the Presidential Mansion at the othor:end of
the avenue came into this city under cover of
night, disguised in plaid cloak and Scotch cap',
lest, as was feared by his friends, he might have
received a warmer greeting than would have been
agreeable, on his way through Baltimore, at the
hands of the constituents of the honorable gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.] On the 4th
of March he was inaugurated, and m his address
deprecated civil war,using that ever-to-be memo-
rable language:
" Suppose you go to war, you cannot fight always, and
whew, alter much loss on both sides, and no pain on either,
you cease fighting, the identical old questions as to termsof
intercourse are again upon you."
Seven States had up to that time seceded from
the Union. All believed that war would be
averted. At the conclusion of the address the
lamented Douglas, who had closely watched every
word as it escaped from the lips of the Presi-
dent, turned to a friend, and, with tears in his
eyes, "thanked God that after all the election of
Abraham Lincoln would not involve the nation
in war." A secret meeting of the Governors of a
numberof Stateswas soon after held in this city.
A scheme was devised and a vessel sent out, un-
der pretense of furnishing provisions to the troops
with Major Anderson in Port Sumter. On af-
living in Chaileston haibor the people of that
city fired upon the fort. The telegraph bore the
news to this city, and on its first mention to the
President he exclaimed, "I knew they loould do
iwhich to my mind is conclusive that it was
intended expressly for that purpose. Seventy-
five thousand men were immediately called for;
war was inaugurated; twenty days were given
the insuigents to lay down their arms; an ad-
ditional five hundred thousand men were soon
called for; hostilities commcnced; the rebellion
was to be crushed inside of sixty days; more
troops were called for; the Union wait to bo re-
stored with all the rights, equality, and dignity
of the States unimpaired. No man was permitted
to question for a moment the right of the Govern-
ment to coerce the States back into the Union;
to doubt the right or question the speedy sup-
pression of the rebellion and restoration of the
Union was to be denounced as a traitor to the
Government and a sympathizer with tin- South.
Thus, sir, was the war inaugurated. The first
year passed away; the second cams and passed
j ii lfke manner; so of the third; and now, sir,let
me again inquire, how stands the Union to-day ?
The brief period of three short years has pro-
duced a fearful change in this free, happy, and
prosperous Government—so free in its restraints
upon personal liberty, and no gentle in its de-
mands upon the resources of the people, that the
celebrated Humboldt, after traveling through the
countiy, on his leturn to Europe said, "The
Ameiican people have a Government which you
can neither sea nor feel." So different is itnow,
and so great is the change,that theinqmry might
well be made to-day, "Ate we not in Constanti-
nople, in St. Petersburg, in Vienna, in Rome, or in
Paris?" Militarygovcrnorsand theirprovostmar-
shals override the laws, and the echo of the armed
heel rings forth as clearly now in Amciica as in
France or in Austria; and the President aits to-
day guarded by armed soldiery stationed at every
approach leading to the Execnthe Mansion. So
far from crushing the rebellion in sixty days,
three years have already passed away; and from
the day on which the conflict began up to the pres-
enthour theconfederatc armyhasnot beenfoiced
beyond the sound of their guns from the dome of.
the Capitol in which we are assembled. The
city of Washington is to-day, as it has been for
thiee years, guarded by Federal troops in all the
forts and fortifications with which it is surrounded
to prevent an attack from the enemy; and as an
evidence of the despondency of the Administra-
tion, and the unsuccessful opening' of the spring
campaign of the fourth year in the progress of the
war, the Morning Chronicle of this city, the Pres-
ident's organ, in an editorial a few mornings since
said: . .
" Chaileston lia? not been taken; Lee maintains a a°Id
front on the Rnpidanj the Florida expedition was a fall-
