1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MSI
to take up this bill item by item. It is unneces-
sary if gentlemen have read it, for, as 1 have said
before, there is nothing intricate about it. There
is nothing but what a gentleman can understand
at the first reading of the bill. There is no ne-
cessity for that long, careful, arid anxious study
of its principles that the Senator from Missouri
seems to insinuate. It is as easily understood as
it is read. It is plain, palpable, and in my judg-
ment equitable and just and fair in all its provis-
ions. I know it was got up with great care by a
gentleman who thoroughly understood the work-
ings of the institution of slavery, whose mind had
been drawn to it,and'who is exceedingly capable
of framing an instrument of the kind. I believe
it met the approbation of the entire Republican
or Union party in the House of Representatives.
I can see no objection to its provisions here. I
shall make no further argument upon it unless
some Senator points out something in its provis-
ions that he deems unjust, inequitable,or wrong.
If he does that, I shall attempt to answer.
The amendment of the Senator from Missouri,
as I said before, gives the whole question the go-
by. It establishes nothing. It does not enlighten
the people of the seceded States upon what prin-
ciple they arc to he admitted into this Union
again. It barely postpones the settlement. It
does not answer the question which as I saidhas
been and will be asked every day and every hour;
and the people will ask, if we adopt it, how it
happened that at this long session when the ques-
tion was before us we gave it the go-by. Your
political enemies will stand by saying it was be-
cause you dared not utter the objectionable senti-
ments that you intend to bind upon the South;
that you have dodged the entire question when it
was before you, because you dared not show
your hand and give them a principle of equity,
justice, and right to go upon. They will have a
right to say it. We have no right to blink $ie
question. It is a great question that is most anx-
iously looked to in all the seceded States by every
loyal man. He is told by our political enemies,
"They will not let you back on any equitable
terms; they intend to make you hewers of wood
and drawers of water, to reduce you to servi-
tude." That is the cry.
Now, sir, I want to show my hand. I want
to show in the face of the sun that they who un-
dertake to announce these principles do so in utter
falsifying of the principle we have laid down, i
want to say, " We have passed a lawon this sub-
]ect, we have told everybody on what principle
we would permit the seceded States to come buck;
we have yielded to them everything that their
condition can require; we have dealt equitably,
generously, righteously with them, and we pro-
pose to do that throughout." I do notlike to go
among my constituents and have it said, "The
* House of Representatives got up a very equitable
bill and established just principles upon which
they might be admitted back into the Union, but
when it came up in the Senate you gave it the go-
by, and passed a skeleton that amounts to noth-
ing; and that, too," they will say, "because it
was not your intention to deal generously by these
people, but you intend to reduce them to utter
servitude." 1 say we should decfore our principle,
as tins bill does, and legislate equitably and justly.
1 hope the bill will be passed.
.The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. CARLILE. If I supposed that the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Missouri could
be adopted, I should not detain the Senate by a
word of remark on this proposition; and now,
until after a vote can be had to ascertain the sense
of the Senate as to the proposed amendment, I
will lefrain from entering into any discussion of
the bill further than to show, if 1 can, that all the
bill proposes to do to remedy existing evils will
be accomplished by the adoption of the amend-
ment.
All that the bill proposes to do, I say, in this
great work of reconstiuction, to which the Sena-
tor from Ohio has refened, will be accomplished
by the adoption of the amendment submitted by
the Senator from Missouri. If Senators will look
at the second section of the bill they will find that
it is expressly provided that the provisions con-
tained in it looking to reconstruction are not to
be enfoieed und are not to have any life until after
the suppression of the rebellion. There can there-
fore be no pressing necessity for the action of the
Senate on the bill at this period in our delibera-
tions, when I presume the large majority of its
members have calculated on being able within
three or four days to leave this city for their
homes. Under the circumstances, after an ex-
hausting session of near seven months, and I ven-
ture to say the most exhausting session that has
ever been held since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, there can be no necessity for prolonging
that session and keeping members here in this
exhausted state to act upon a bill which does not
propose to have effect or to go into operation, so
far as the great work is concerned which it is
claimed we should act upon, until after the sup-
pression of the rebellion.
The second section of this bill expressly pro-
vides that "so soon as the military resistance to
the United States shall have been suppressed"
the bill shall go into operation. The Senate will
therefore see that there is no pressing necessity
for this bill, unless it be a necessity to provide
gentlemen with gubernatorial names and briga-
dier generals' salaries in States of the Union
where they cannot exert power one rod beyond
the military lines. The provisions of the bill
must necessarily remain dormant until the sup-
pression of the rebellion.
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to make another
argument; but if the Senator will look at the first
section he will find that the bill proposes a pro-
visional military governor and prescribes his du-
ties throughout all stages of the rebellion, from :
the time we take any foothold in the State until
it joins the Union again.
Mr. CARLILE. The first section of the bill
is the only one now that can be effective, and that
merely provides for the appointment by the Ex-
ecutive of a provisional governor " whose pay
and emoluments shall not exceed that of a briga-
dier general of volunteers, who shall be charged
with the civil administration of such State until
a State govern mcnttherein shall be recognized as
hereinafter provided." When isthat to be done
by the bill? Not until after the rebellion has
been suppressed; not until "military resistance
to the United States shall have been suppressed
in the State" is this work of reconstruction to be
commenced; and it is that, the Senate will bear
in mind, which I am discussing now, for that is
the reason assigned why we should act at this
time on this bill. It is notthat this military gov-
ernor over the few acres of ground on which he
may be able to exercise authority shall levy and
collect taxes and pay the expensesarising within
his limited sphere of action, and the surplus, if
any, put into the Federal Treasury, but the ar-
gument used to the Senate why they should now
act on this bill is that the great work of recon-
struction may be entered upon and that trhe peo-
ple of this country may know upon what terms
the States declared to be in rebellion may return
to the Union. If I misundeistood the Senator I
desire to be coirected, but I so understood his
aigument.
A part of the Senator's argument was as able
an aigument as any Senator can make on this
floor on this bill. He tells us that the Executive
has no right to prescribe the rules upon which
these States may be received back into the Union,
and he tells us that we have no power to over-
throw the State governments; once a State, with
him always a State. I agree with him in that.
He says that lie does not maintain that the State
governments are obliterated, and that he who
does is contending against the Constitution. I
agree fully with the Senator from Ohio in that,
and the marvel with me is how the Senator can
advocate this bill which does all this. This bill
not only maintains that the State governments
aie overthrown, but so far as in its power lies
recognizes and assumes the right to overthrow
the State governments if that work is not aheady
accomplished. If there be a State where the rebel,
the traitor to his country and his God, has failed
in overthrowing the State government, this bill
accomplishes that work which he, the traitot,
began. If the Presidentof the United States has
no right to prescnbe rules for the return of the
rebellious States, will the Senator from Ohio,
able as he is, be kind enough to enlighten one
humble as myself by pointingoutto me the provis-
ion of the Constitution authorizing him auaSen-
atoi to exercise any more power upon this subject
than the President con exercise ?
Mr. WADE. Congress. *
Mr. CARLILE. Then as part of Congress or
as the whole of Congress, I challenge the Senator
from Ohio to show me the authority in Congress*
to exercise this power. The truth tsthatthe title
of this bill is an insult to the understanding of
every intelligent man in the nation, and the bill
itself is one of the most revolutionary that ever
was proposed in a deliberative body claiming to
be the representatives of a free people. Unwill-
ing as I am to trespass on the time of the Senate,
anxious as I am for an early adjournment, re*
framing as I have done for the last six months
from occupying fifteen minutes even of the time
of this body, I am unwilling to allow such a
measure as this to pass without giving to it such
consideration and such discussion as I may be
able to do.
Mr. President,years back in our history, forty
odd years ago, a question far beneath this in im-
portance and significance was mooted in the Con-
gress of the United States that gave such alarm
to the author of the Declaration of Independence
that he said it fell upon his ear like the fire-bell
at midnight; and what was that question com-
pared to this? It was insignificant; it was but a
grain of sand upon the sea-shore compared to the
mountain. That was a proposition on the part
of the United States to impose upon the then in-
habitants of the Territories seeking admission
into the Union a restriction upon their right of
self-government when they became a State; and
after one of the most exhaustive and learned de-
bates that is connected with our. history or that
ever graced the Capitol of the nation, that as-
sumption for Congress was abandoned. It re-
mained for the last Congress to revive it and to
do what its predecessors would not do. It was
permitted to rest as the settled law of the land
that the Congress of the United States had n6
power to impose by law limitations affecting the
right of the people of a State to regulate their
own domestic affairs, even when sought to be
applied to the inhabitants of a Territory seeking
admission into the Union; and such was the set-
tled action of Congress until reversed at its last
session when Congress assumed to create a State
out of a portion of the territory of the State which
I represent. I say "assumed,"foritwas butan
assumption. The debate to which I have referred
established the want of power in Congress, and
so plain was it made that the advocates of the
power sought to be exercised abandoned the dis-
cussion and abandoned the assumption.
No State can have a republican form of gov-
ernment, no State has a republican government,
when that government, no matter what aro its
provisions, is prescribed to them by another out-
side of their limits. A republican form of gov-
ernment must emanate and emanate alone from
the people that are to be governed. It belongs
not to the Congress of the United States; it be-
longs not to thirty-three States of this Union to
prescribe for the smallest State within its folds a
constitution or form of government. If you have
a right to impose a limitation upon this power as
to one subject of domestic legislation you haye a
right to impose it upon every subject. If you
have the right to make one provision of a consti-
tution for a people you have the right to make
the entiie instrument itself.
Mr. WADE. I should like to ask the Senator
this question: suppose a State should undertake
to set up u monarchy in defiance of the General
Government, what would be its duty ?
Mr. CARLILE. Its duty is as plain as the
noonday sun in aclcar and cloudless sky; itsduty
is prescribed m the instrument which we have
sworn to support; and that is to guaranty to the
people there a republican form of government
which they had adopted for themselves,and which
was in existence at the time the attempted mon-
archy was sought to be substituted for it. There
is the answer to the Senator. The Senator would
cltnm for the Congress of the United States sov-
eieign powers, powers exercised alone by a des-
pot and a tyrant, by governing through appointees
of their own the sovereign States of this Union.
Mr. WILSON rose 
Mr. CARLILE. I am not done. I do not
want unnecessarily to consume time; but in or-
der to save gentlemen trouble I will let them know
