2476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
first pay to said company the difference in cost, if any, be-
tween tiie line proposed by the company and the one con-
templated by the proviso, including extra cost of right of
way, if any, said difference m cost to he estimated by com-
petent engineers to be selected by the parties."
That the House recede fiom it- disagreement to the
amendments oftho Senate numbered two, three, four, five,
six,seven,eight, nine, ten, eleven, thirteen, fifteen, seven-
teen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one. and twenty-
two, and agree to the saint.
That the Uou&e recede from its disagreement to the
twelfth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment, namely : in the tenth line
of the said amendment between the word "the" and the
word "line" insert the word "original;" and in line
eleven ot the amendment, after the word "railroad" insert
the words "as laid down on a map on file in the General
Land Otftcc." ^
That the House recede from its disagreement to the four-
teenth amendment of Use Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment as follow-*: at tlv* ond of the amend-
ment insert, " hut each of said companies may select an
equal quantity of pubhe lands as deseubed m this act with-
in the distance of twenty tmlei of the line of each of said
roads in lieu of lands thus >ettled upon and impioved by
bona fide inhabitants in good faith under color of title as
aforesaid."
That the House recede from its disagreement to the six-
teenth amendment of the Senate, and agiee to the same
with an amendment as follows: strike out the woid " Le-
gislature," m the said amendment- and m lieuthcreofnwrt
'''Governor."
SOLOMON FOOT,
JAMES HA ULAN,
L W. POWELL,
Manager1} on the pait of the Semite.
' WILLIAM B ALLISON,
A. KLDRIUUH,
Managcis on the part of the House.
Mr. ALLISON moved that the report bo con-
curred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MURDER OF CAPTAIN ItKED.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of War, in response to a res-
olution of the House in regard to the murder of
Captain T. Reed, of Philadelphia, by the citi-
zens of Accomac, Virginia; winch was hud upon
the table, and oidcred to bo printed.
MAIL STilAMBUS TO BRAZIL.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, moved
that the House take up the amendment of the
Senate, which is a verbal one, to f louse bill No.
407, authorizing the establishment of an ocean
mail steamship service between the United States
and Brazil, and that it be concurred in.
The motion wiis agieed to.
Mr. ALLEY movid to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also mo\ed tiut tho motion to
reconsider be laid upon th^ tab|<\
The latter moliou was agreed to.
MISSOUIU CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to give notice to the
Houae that it is my intention to call up the elec-
tion case of Knox vs. Blair on Kuday next.
MICSiSAti E FKO.M Til K SKNATJS.
A message fiom Ihe Senate, by Mr. IIickky,
their Chief Cleik, informed the House that the
Senate in&ist upon th'-ir amendments dusagieed to
by the House to the bill of the TJouse (No. .*395)
to provide a national currency, secured by u
pledge of United .States bonds, and to provide for
the circu ation and redemption thereof, agreed to
the conference asked by the [louse on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
have appointed M r. Siierm\>j, Mr. Foster, and
Mr. Johnson the committee of conference on the
part of the Seriate.
MILITARY RAILROAD IN1 TENNESSEE.
Mr. SCHENCK. Amon^ the many bilN wait-
ing^ to be reported by the Committee on Military
Aiiairs is a joint resolution in relation to the con'- '
struction ot a military road from the valley of the j
Ohio river into East Tennessee, i ask unani- {
mous consent to report that resolution at this time. 1
The resolution was lead by us tide, as follows: ■
A joint resolution uuthoiizing thePiesident to I
construct a miiitaiy railroad lrom the valley of !
the Ohio river into East Tennessee.
Mr. WILSON. 1 would inquire of the gentle- '
man whether that resolution has been printed?!
It seeirhs to me we ought not to consider such a
bill without some opportunity to examine it. |
Mr. SCHENCK. It has not been printed.
Mr. SMITH. Let the resolution be reported,
and then we can fix upon a time when it shall be
considered.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is ,a matter of the lust
importance that the subject should be acted on
sp.eedily.
The resolution was read in extenso.
Mr. HOLMAN. I simply desire to say, con-
sidering the magnitude of the subject, it would be
inexpedient to act upon the resolution at once. I
would not object to its introduction if its consid-
eration is postponed to some reasonable day in
the future.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am willing that itshallbc
reported and postponed until some future day.
1 hope an early day, however, will be fixed on,
for Generals Grant, Burnside, Foster, and other
generals represent that a road there is necessary,
and two of those generals have considered it im-
portant enough to come and represent the matter
before the committee.
Mr. SMITH. I trust the gentleman from
Ohio will indicate an eaily day, because of the im-
portance of the measure.
The SPEAKER. The dciy can be fixed after
the resolution is leported. Is there objection to
having it repot ted ?
Mr. WILSON. I will not object if it is to be
printed and postponed.
Mr. SMITH. 1 suggest that it be .postponed
until next Monday.
Mr. IIOLMAN. That will be hardly long
enough. I suggest next Ftiday week.
Mr. PRUYN. Oh, no; we will adjourn by
that time, I hope.
Mr. SMITH. If this is postponed until next
Friday week the probabilities are that for a week
following there will not be a sufficient number of
members present to transact business. Accord-
ing to all the testimony of nulitaiy ofKeeis and
others there has been no biil before Congress of
more importance than this, and 1 hope gentlemen
will not insist upon postponing it beyond Mon-
day next. I hope tlie gentleman fiom Indiana
will withdiaw his proposition for Friday next.
By Monday the hii! will have been punted and
examined by everybody, and we can come to a
conclusion that day as well as we can a week
after.
Mr. HOLMAN. Monday it will interfere
with other business.
Mr. SMITH. Say Tuesday, then.
Mr. HOLMAN. i wilt not object to that.
Mi GRIDER. Accouhngto my recollection
this very proposition was before tfcc House last
session, was jeleiied to the Committee on Roads
and Canals, was leported by them, and passed;
but subsecpientiy a joint resolution was passed
repealing the law.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes,sir; and it would have
been built long ago but. for that.
Mr. GRIDER. 1 hope an early day will be
fixed upon.
# Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, re-
ported the resolution, which was postponed until
Tuesday next, made a special oider from day to
day until disposed of,and oideied to be punted.
Mr. SMITH moved to leeonsuler the vote by
which the bill was postponed and made a special
older; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE RECIPROCITY TREATV.
The House proceeded, as the icgular older of
business, to the consideration of joint lesoiution
(II. R. No. 56) authorizing the Piesuient to give
the requisite notice for terminating the treaty
made with Great Biitain on behalf of the British
provinces in North America, and to appoint com-
misrioneis to negotiate a new treaty with the
British Government, based upon the true princi-
ples of reciprocity; upon which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I will ask the
Cleik, before I proceed with my remarks, to read
the resolution reported by the Committee on
Commerce.
The Cleik read the resolution, as follows:
Be it ? esolred by the Senate end Howe of Repi escntntives
of the Unilerf Slater oj .dmci ica in Congress assembled, That
tno Pjobuk'nt of the United States befand lie is herebj, .
authoi ized and rcqun ed to gi\ o notice to the Government ot 11
the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland tliat it is
the wisli and intention of the Government of the United
States of Ameuca to nominate the said tieaty at the end
of twelve months from tlie expiration of ten yeais fiom the
'time when the said treaty went into operation asafoie.said,
such notice to be given at theexpuation of the said teim of
ten years, to the end that the paid treaty may be abrogated as
soon as it can be done nndei the provisions thereof, unlos
a new convention shall befoie that time be concluded-be-
tween the two Governments by which the pi ovMoiis shall
be abrogated or so modified as to be mutually snti&faetoiy
to both Governments; and that the President of the United
States be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint tlnee
commissioners, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, lor the i evasion of said treaty, and to confer with
other commissioners duly authorized therefor whenevei it
shall appear to be the wMi of the Government of Great
Rritain to negotiate a now treaty between the two Govern-
ments, and the people of both countries, based upon true
pnnciples of leeiptoejty, and for the removal of existing
difficulties.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I have had the res-
olution leported by the Committee on Commerce
read at the Clerk's desk because I desired that
members of the House, before being called upon
to vote upon it, should have their attention di-
rected especially to its phraseology. It was found
when the resolution that was offered at an early
period of the session by the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] came under discussion in
the committee, that there were entertained theie
by thegentlemen composing the committee differ-
ent views upon the general subject, similar to those
which have been represented here by amendments
offered to the resolution as reported. It was
thought by some gentlemen that the time had come
when it was important that we should give to Great
Britain immediate notice of abrogation, to take
effect as soon as possible by the terms of the treaty.
It was thought by othcis that ail that wc were
called upon to do was to ask a proper revision of
the treaty, and to direct that commissioners should
be appointed in order that the tieaty, where it
h£ operated injuriously to us, should be revised.
There were others who thought that the truo
course for us to take—and I confess that I was of
that number—would be to.state frankly and dis-
tinctly that while we weie disposed to have the
provisions of the treaty revised, we yet did not
"believe that it was consistent with our interests
that the tieaty in its present form should be con-
tinued, and that unless it was revised it must be
abrogated. On the whole, it was believed that the
form in which the lesoiution is now piesented
would be the true one for us to adopt, and although
it may be that the memheis of the committee have
not given way and yielded the preferences which
they had before, yet the lesoiution comes reported
from the committee with the consent of all its <
members who were present when final action was
taken.
It v, ill be seen fiom the terms of the resolution
that the PtcMileni is called upon,as soon as it can
be done wuhin the term& of the ti eaty, to gi ve no-
tice of abrogation ; that it ;s not left dif>eietiomu y,
but that he is "authoi ized and required" to do it. I
ought to say that I am mfoi mfd by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Davis] who spoke yester-
day, that it is his intention to offer an amend-
ment leaving it discretionary with the President,
and notaltenng the lesoiution otherwise. Butas
the resolution stands it makes it imperative upon
the Pitsident,as soon as it can be done according
to the terms of the tieaty, to give notice of abro-
gation. Very well, sir; then when the time has
elapsed which must elapse before the abrogation
can take effect, by the terms of the resolution that
abrogation will be pcifect unless before that time
a new convention shall be formed which will put
this whole matter of the treaty upon grounds mu-
tually satisfactory.
Now, in oidcr that there may be no time lost,
in order that unless there is a revision within a
year the tieaty slmll be abrogated, the resolution
goes onto provide that the President is to appoint
commissioners, but they arc not to act unless
within a year it shall be signified in some proper
form by Great Britain that that Government is dis-
posed to enter upon the formation of a new and
satisfactory treaty. If it is so disposed, and jf
within a year that treaty can be made, then J sup-
pose no one of us would object, unless it hp these
gentlemen who believe that we had better have no
tieaty at all. I was surprised, therefore, the other
day, when the gentleman fiom Maine [Air. Pike]
thought it right to say that the resolution whick
the Committee on Commerce had reported was a
resolution begging Great Biitain for a treaty. I
