454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
But I sec no necessity for the law. I deny that
any exists, lias existed, or is imminent. The
Constitution 1ms fully provided for" calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union, sup-
press insurrection, and repel invasion." The vol-
unteer system has furnished all the national forces
we have needed or can need. Wo have notmade
full use of the power given and provided to do the
very thing this bill proposes to do in a most obnox-
ious manner.
Certainly, sir, until we shall have exhausted
the remedy prescribed by the Constitution for the
very evil which now deranges the Union, it is un-
necessary to empiricize with now and untried rem-
edies. But how much more unnecessary is it to
continue a practice which lias proved so utterly
ineffectual as this. Besides, the Administration
are bound to show that no adequate constitutional
power existed for meeting this crisis before they
can claim a necessity for introducing a measure
which is doubtful in its nature, having been de-
clared unconstitutional by high judicial authority
in the State courts, and being without any sanc-
tion from the United States court.
Moreover, sir, it is notdifficult to show that the
claim which is setup by the Administration for the
necessity of this law is a manufactured tiling of
their own making, and that whatever necessity
seems toexistfor this lawisreally thcresultof the
policy of this Administration. The people of this
Union cannot be charged with having created it.
They have never refused to support this Govern-
ment. Prom the dark dawn of this rebellion,the
mostdismal hour of our national history, up to this
moment the people have ever been true. Even
when, groping m'ignorance and fear, our leaders
failed in council and faltered in the field, and lying
here supinely on their backs cried lustily for help",
then, sir, the militia rushed to the rescue, cut-
ting their way through every obstacle; doggedly
and eagerly they pressed on to save tin's capital
and its archives from the rebel, if such might be,
or perish in the common ruin of all that was dear
to this nation. Prom the far West, the East, the
South, and the North armed men flocked towaid
Washington as eagles gather around the cyric
threatened by the spoiler.
" They left untended tlic herd;
Left Uk- flock without i-hUtei 5
Left the nnintei io<l,
Tim bride at the altar,"
* k *. * * 1 *
" Came as the winds come when
Forestrf j\r« 1 ended;
Came as the waves come when
Navifs are stranded."
Never before in the history of any people did
citizens more readily, resolutely tally to the de-
fense of their ruleis. Abandoning every lie and
habit of peace, they hastened to the scene of civil
strife.
The Army formed at the uprising of the people
ha« fought well and desperately through neatly
two years of varying fortune, f ts numhet s, d wi ti-
died from huudieds of thousands to a force still
formidable from us .strength and dts< iplme, now
offers you again its seal red and battle-woi n vet-
erans to bear the banner of "Union and vietory"'
ngainstevery foe. The same readiness with which
the people first enlisted has been frequently man-
ifested since the fall of Sumtei. Often and soiely
ha\e you tried their foititu$e and zeal by the un-
timely cry ot "Wolf! wolf! The enemy ate upon
us." Nobly and promptly have they responded.
The people are thoiefuiv innocent. Yon cannot
charge the Suite uuthouiics with enibanassing
the national Government, Such a charge, if ti tie*,
would unseat Republican Senators, and strike
down the leaders of your own party. Nor would
the people tolerate thei rex istence in places of power
and trust, even if the Adnunistiation were hlmd
and bad enough to overlook such (reason. E\ury
aid in money, munitions of v,\u , advice, conifoi t,
and men, have been freely given by the whole
people, and by the whole body of our rulers in
every State not now in rebellion, and the necessity
which you claim to have given rise to this draft
certainly cannot be J.iid to their charge. Besides,
.sir, we have sui vi ved the crisis of t his con si u racy
against the people. If notunscathed, still we nre
masters of the broad sea and inland waters. We
are impregnable on kind. Our volunteers and
regular Army have won a gloiious name under the
organization and enrollment established by pte-
viovscxpcricnce to be the bc«t suited to our man-
ners and habits of life. Cur foe is driven fiom
many of his chosen strongholds; weakened and
hemmed in, he confesses himself crippled. He
has ceased the senseless boast of northern subju-
gation in a starving cry for food and clothing. The
Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Chase, informs us
in cheerful tones that it is a distinguishing char-
acteristic of our financial history of this rebellion
that the public credit lias steadily improved in the
midst of the terrible trial it has brought upon the
country. Our foreign relations have long ceased
to threaten an armed intervention. Every depart-
ment of the Government is represented by the
members of the Cabinet to be in a thriving and
promising condition.
The Executive, assured by his constitutional
advisers of the gratifying state of each branch of
his Administration, has put forth the capacious
antennas of his sagacious mind to feel for peace
through an amnesty proclamation. With his
usual foresight and seriousness he has begun to
prepare the public mind for a speedy end of this
war by the olive-branch. Certainly, sir, in view
of the present state of the nation as guarantied to
us by the highest authority, we ought not to con-
tinue a system of enrolling and calling out the
national forces which could only be justified by*-
thc most desperate exigencies—a system that
promises to become the nursery of a standing
army, of a military aristocracy, and perhaps at no
v<?iy remote day of a military despotism.
As this bill has, however, been introduced for
amendment, it is evident that the Administration
deem the experiment of the draft not yet fully
made, and mean to continue the conscription. On
this point they arc no doubt resolved, and for very
natural reasons: it is a creature of their making,
a pet measure for attaining certain advantages
held as invaluable by those who aim at central-
ized power and who wield the patronage of the
Army.
But it becomes a paramount duty of every Rep-
resentative on this floor, who is opposed to an
unnecessary increase of administrative patronage
at this time, to look nnnowly into the course pur-
sued by those m power in regard to this new and
costly system of cmollmeut.
Well, sir, with reference to the point already
made, that the only necessity that can bo urged by
those who footer and call for this bill arose from
the policy of this Administration. If this be so,
certainly both common sense and the common
welfare 101 bid that the evils consequent to their
policy should become law cx necessitate.
Now, sir, in the opinion of a very large and
patriotic poition of the American people, "the
party in power" never understood, nor do they
now understand nor appreciate propei ly the 01 isis
which came so near overwhelming this Govern-
ment. They have never learned to know the true
mot i ves of cat nest and honest opposition, but have
111 their greed for power gi ossly and coarsely rioted
in the spoils of party. Insolent from excess of
strength, the voice of remonstrance from the great
heart of the people has been silenced in the jail,
by banishment and death. Eveiy name that mean
malice could invent or pni ty hate could surest
has been given to the legally chosen tepresenta-
tivofj of the Democratic paity, uol only by the
pies-, and on the s>tump, but 1 veil here on this
(loot* by membeisoi Congiefs m what should be
couiteous debate. Further than this, the almost
daily ptoof ot an inherent radical corruption and
a mi feenai y spmtamong all branches of this Gov-
ernment has shaken the faith of many 111 the so
much boasted "honesty" of those in power, who
s< t : hemselves up as sole judges of the necessities
and rights of this nation at this tune. By an over-
weening piesumption on the one hand, and by a
v/"ll-li igned or a real ignoi anee of the deep-heated !j
love 101 the Union among the people, the Ad- y
nun tot 1 at ion nas created a necessity for a vigoi ous !!
violation of the Constitution 111 ever)* department M
of the Government, until the usurpations of le^is- i'
I ative power by the Executive are as unblushing as j j
the bold outrages committed by this Government ji
previous to the rebellion, and the peculations of |j
►Secretary Floyd mo dwaifed info insignificance by j:
the reckless rob bet y of the Treasury by the clients i'
of Mr. Chase. ° j;
Sir, it seems to have become a self-evident, fact !|
of history that had the authorities been ecjiml to
and conversant with their real powers, and had
they known and trusted m the true heart of the
people, (he plea ofmihtary necessity could never
have been urged with any honesty of purpose.
Had the Administration rightly understood the
nature of this crisis, they never would have in-
formed the world that this war was to last only a
few weeks ora few months, and that nobody was
to be hurt. They would not have joked in the
face of a devoted people rushing to death at their
mad cry of " on to Richmond. " They would not
have hesitated at the .outset to enroll and call out
the whole force for the war. They would not
have telegraphed over the country to close the en-
listments, actually turning men away from join-
ing our Army, while the enemy was threatening
Washington. Bythisunwise course, the current
of opinion was turned back, and men were made
to believe that all enthusiasm for the public ser-
vice was a waste of zeal; that no more soldiers
were wanted. Thus the chain of sympathy was
broken, which, up to that time, had bound the peo-
ple to our Army as the careerofevery citizen until
an honorable peace should be secuied. By this
isolation of the citizen fiom the Army, the Ad-
ministration found a plausible ground for its pres-
ent military system. No necessity could beurgpd
for a draft so long as volunteers flocked to the na-
tional standard, and the old militia system worked
well. Nor could a centralized national power be
reared upon the ruins of the rights of the States
of this union without the aid of an armed organ-
ization whose initial idea should beimplicitobedi-
ence to this Administration, whose very existence
could be traced to its fostering care, and whose in-
dependence of all other influences should be com-
plete.
As this policy began to develop itself enthu-
siasm cooled and enlistments became few. Sus-
picion that the real motive under this scheme was
or might prove fatal to this Union; that the sup-
pression of the rebellion was not the sincere wish
of those in power; that, lost in the Egyptian dark-
ness of a fanati cal heresy about the superior worth
of citizens of African descent, they were ready to
sacrifice all other interests and classes of men to
one idea. Freedmen, fresh fgam slavery, seemed
the chief care of thus Administration. Such nar-
row and short-dphted policy checked enlistment
and made an increase of bounty, doubling the cost
of this war by millions of dollars. An opinion
soon fastened itself on the public mind that the
old dragon unde;* ground had got possession of
some leading spirit of our rulers and filled him
with the gift of persuasion over the reason and
conscience of men. These peculiar and arbitrary
bills looked like a bold stroke for astandingarmy
whose body should be pliant to the will of the
loyal league; that the judiciously adjusted patron-
age should be dispensed through proper commit-
tees in Congress; that the pliant head of this mil-
itary machine should be a movable thing, fittm®-
all the whim-whams of the supreme chief; while
its other extremities should be left to the tender
nieicies of the contractor. The morale, of this body
was to be left to the care of a select few, all p&-
tuots of a certain stripe and color, most honor-
able men, capable of acting as legislators or as
members of the bar, to suit circumstances. As
if to confirm these suspicions and fears of the
; people, the Administration commenced a most
\ undignified persecution of certain major generals
: peiponally objectionable to Republican headers,
and unwisely filled (he hearts of our soldiers with
a distrust of their officers, causing in consequence
most disastrous defeats to our arms, and sowing
dissension among our troops, until the vigor of our
struggle with the enemy of our country'and Con-
stitution was weakened by a bitter livolry among
ourselves, until the sickening record of a second
Dull Run forced the proud spuit of our people to
the veige of despair.
And those who displaced McClellan were fain
to (shelter themselves in this enpifal under the
genius and courage of an army led by its favor-
ite general. The invader hurled back and the
capital safe once moie, Anfietam was forgotten,
and the favoiites of the Administration were or-
dcied to the head of our victorious soldiery, only
to lead them to defeat and death at Fredericks-
burg and Chanceiiorsvjlle. Hya course of policy
so tfiiWf.-'e, ungenerous, and unconstitutional the
pauy 111 power had apparently labored to alienate
the people fiom sympathy and enthusiasm for the
increase ot the Army. By a happy coincidence
everything planned to disconrajye volunt"ei nig has
