3452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
that I intend to discuss this thing for an hour or
two.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me the
floor for a moment?
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly.
' PAY OB ARMY MUSICIANS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a joint resolution and
put it on its passage to correct an act already-
passed. I am directed by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs to present it.
By unartimous consent leave was granted to
introduce a joint resolution (S. No. 77) explana-
tory of an act entitled "An act to increase the
pay of soldiers in the Army of the United States,
and forother purposes,"approved June 20,1864.
Mr. WILSON. The resolution is absolutely
necessary to prevent a mistaken construction of
the act referred to, and I hope it will be put on
its passage at once.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read three times, and passed. Itprovides that
the word "musician," in the first section of the
"Act to increase the pay of soldiers of the United
States Army, and for other purposes,"approved
June 20, 1864, is not to be construed to include
musicians (other than leadeis) employed as mem-
bers of brigade and regimental bands; but sueh
members of bands are to be paid as heretofore,
one fourth of the members of each band thirty-
four dollars a month, one fourth of them twenty
dollars a month, and the remaining half seventeen
dollars a month.
RECESS.
Mr. CLARK, (Mr. Doolittle in the clmir.)
By the indulgence of the Senator from Virginia
I move that at half past four o'clock the Senate
take arecess until seven o'clock; and I do it with
a view of asking the Senate to allow me perhaps
half an hour or three quarters of an hour when
the Senate reassembles after the recess to d ispose
of a few private bills that are on the Calendar,
which should be disposed of before the Senate
adjourns.
Kir. TRUMBULL. I was really in hopes that
this hot nigh I we should not have a ni$ht session;
it is so very uncomfortable. The Senator will
have abundance of time in the morning to act
upon these private bills which ho takes to heart.
We are sitting here as it seems to me now, rather
waiting for business than anything else. There
is an appropriation bill that a committee of con-
ference have been unable to consider yet, and if
we have no session to-night, it will give the mem-
bers of that committee an opportunity perhaps to
come to a conclusion upon it, and we can pass
these bills in the morning. Now, we have had a
discussion to-day, and it is apparent to every
member of the Senate that we make very little
progress by taking up these controverted ques-
tions and discussing; them for hours.
Mr, HENDRICKS. The bill now before the
Senate will be still furlherdiscusscd.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Indinna
gives notice now that the bill under consideration
will lead to protracted debate, as I understand, or
rather it will take a good deal of time to consider.
It is a very important matter. The one we had
up this morning about the railroad is of the same
character, so that really we accomplish nothing.
If there was other business I, for one, would vote
to proceed at once to it and let that be transacted,
and then if we remain here we can dispose of
these other bills.
Mr. CLARK. If this bill is to be discussed,
if we are to adjourn in any decent season, the
more necessity of meeting this evening. But I
desire to say to the Senate that there are one
or two little bills for the relief of some Army of-
ficers that ought to be passed so that they may
go to the other House if there is any prospect of
finishing them this session; and if it is delayed
I fear they will be entirely defeated. They are
mei itorious and should be attended to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to suggest to the.
Senator from New Hampshire that the Senator
from Virginia would just as lief finish his speccli
to-morrow, and if this bill is to be pressed of
course it has got to be discussed. It is the great-
est question of the session, and I suggest to the
Senator from New Hampshire to let the Senator
from Ynginia yield the floor, and devote the half
hour between now and half past four o'clock to
private bills. They ought to be passed, without
question.
Mr. WADE. I would ask why it is that where
there is a great measure or a small one pending
that really ought to be determined, it cannot be
determined? Have we fixed a time of adjourn-
ment?
Mr. CLARK. I do not desire to drive this
debate over to to-morrow; I think the debate
should be proceeded with, because we may want
to-morrow for some other necessary measure.
I only ask for twenty minutes or half an hour
when the Senate first comes together this even-
ing, when it is known that business is generally
delayed for some half hour, to take up some two or
three little bills that should be proceeded with.
But I think wc should not interrupt this debate;
I wish it to go along, and it should go along to-
day and this evening, and the sooner we get the
debate out of the way and other measures out of
the way, the sooner we can adjourn, and I am
anxious we should do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Doolit-
tle in the chair.) The question is on the mo-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire that at
half past four o'clock the Senate take a recess
until seven o'clock.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I trust that course may
be pursued. Wc have got a great deal of busi-
ness to do, and Senators desire to express their
views upon some of these questions, particularly
on the question now before the Senate. There is
a great deal of business besides that to be trans-
acted. We do transact a good deal of business
in the evening session as well as hear a great deal
of discourse; but the first preliminary hour of the
evening; session is generally valuable for the busi-
ness of the Senate, and later in the evening gen-
tlemen advance their opinions and arguments in
regard to questions pending. I think we should
continue our evening sessions until we close. I
am willing to sit here continuously, if necessary,
until we can get to a conclusion; but I prefer the
recess, as it gives us an opportunity pioperly to
supply our animal system with the necessary
condiments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire for a recess.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TUB IIOUSB,
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Lloyd, us Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(II. R. No. 21)7) making appropriations for the
construction, preservation, and repair of certain
fortifications and other works of defense for the
year emjmg 30th June, 18G5.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following joint
lesolutions of the Senate, with an amendment to
each, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A joint resolution (No. 43) authorizing the set-
tlement of the accounts of the late Captain Daniel
Hebard of the United States volunteers; and
A joint resolution (No. 58) in relation to the pro-
fessors of the Military Academy at West Point.
KECONSTltUCTION BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hill (H.
R. No. 244) to guaranty to certain States whose
governments have been usurped or overthrown a
lepubliean form of government, is before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole, the pending
question being on the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Brown.]
Mr, CA.RLILE. Mr, President, the Senator
from Ohio regards these States as States still,
States in the Union. He regards an attempt at
the overthrow of their governments, I take it from
his argument, to be treason. He regards it his
constitutional duty to pievent by all the means
within the power of the Government that at-
tempted overthrow. Now, I put this question to
the Senator, and I hope he will answer it: where
does lie as a member of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States derive the constitutional power to gov-
ern a State by a Federal appointee? Where does
the Senator derive the power to appoint a gov-
ernor for a State, a State which lie acknowledges
to be in existence, aState government that he ac-
knowledges to be in existence, a State govern-
ment that he acknowledges it to be his duty to
protect and maintain? By what provision of the
Constitution does the Senator derive the author-
ity to appoint for such a State an executive head?
Mr. WADE. Does the Senator want an an-
swer now ?
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly.
Mr. WADE. As I have frequently said, the
Constitution of the United States provides that
Congress shall guaranty to every State in the
Union a republican form of government. When
any State undertakes to set up a government in
defiance of the Government of the United States,
to establish an aristocracy or a monarchy, or any-
thing buta republican government, the Constitu-
tion gives the power to the General Government
to guaranty a republican government, and when it
lias given the power to it, it has given the means
necessary to perform it. is not that good law?
Mr. CARLILE. No, sir. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, I will satisfy the Senator himself, I think;
and really it is not necessary for me to attempt
to satisfy him, for he is too good a lawyer not to
know the meaning of the word guaranty."
What is it? Does the authority to " guaranty to
each State in this Union a republican form of gov-
ernment" authorize this Union to set up a gov-
ernment, to create a government, or to make a
government? Is the maker of a note the man
who guaranties its payment? There is no man
in the Senate who knows better the definition and
legal significance of the word " guaranty" than
the Senator from Ohio, and none, I am sure, is
more familiar, too, with the power that was in-
tended to be conferred by this provision of the
Constitution.
Mr WADE. I want an argument square. I
do not like this dodging.
%Ir. CARLILE. There is no dodging with
me. 1 am going to meet it squarely.
Mr. WADE. Suppose a State of this Union
undertakes to set up a monarchy, suppose it has
elected its monarch, suppose he is on the throne,
and sets up a government hostile to the United
States, how shall the United States guaranty a
republican government to the people of that State?
They have got to do it. The Constitution says
it shall be done. How? By keeping out of the
boundary of the State? By this letting-alone
principle that we hear of? Is that it?
Mr. CARLILE. The Senator is wandering
entirely from the question. I answered the Sen-
ator a while ago how he was to get rid of the mon-
archy. I told him it was his duty, made so by
this provision of the Constitution, to bring to
bear the power of this Government to relieve the
people of the'State from that monarchy and
maintain them in the possession and enjoyment
of their State government organized by them-
selves and which existed before the attempted
monarchy was forced upon them.
Mr. WADE. Let us stop right there. Sup-
pose now that we have conquered them and the
people are still bent on their monarchy, shall we
not guaranty a republican government to them by
putting one over them ?
Mr. CARLILE. No, sir. If the Senator be
right, Mr. Madison, the author of the Constitu-
tion, was wrong. I supposed that the Senator
was familiar with the Federalist, and the Senator
ought to be familiar with the discussions of this
very same provision when the Constitution came
before the people of the several States to be rati-
fied or rejected. The Federalist is looked upon
as a correct exposition of these very powers, and
one of the objections by the many objectors at
that day was not that the provision conferied
power to do what is proposed to be done by this
hill, butthat an unscrupulous Congress, unmind-
ful of their constitutional obligations, unmindful
of their duty as representatives, regardless of the
rights and liberties of the people and of the rights
of their States that they were created for the pur-
pose of protecting, might use as a pretext this pro-
vision to assert the very power the Senator pro-
poses in this bill, and what is the reply? I read
from the forty-third number of the Federalist:
"6. <To guaranty to every State in the Union a repub-
lican form (if government; to protect each of thym against
invasion; ami on application of the Legislature, or of the
Executive, {when the Legislauae cannot be convened,)
against domestic violence.'
•' In a confederacy founded on republican principles and
