1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
composed of republican members, the superintending gov-
ernment ought clearly to possess authority to defend'the
system against aristocratic or monarchical innovations."
1 he very case put by the Senator; and how it
is to be done is stated:
"The more intimate, the nature of such an Union may
be, the greater interest have the member* in the political
institutions of each other; and the greater right to insist
th-uthe tonus ot government under which the compact
was entered into should be substantially maintained."
********* *
" U may possibly be asked what need there could be of
such a precaution, and whether it may not become a pre-
text for alteration:* in the State governments without the
concurrence of the States themselves. These questions
admit ot icady answers. If the interposition ot the Gen-
eral Government should not be needed, the provision for
such an event will be. a harmless -superfluity only in the
Constitution. But who can say what experiments maybe
produced by the caprice of particular States, by the ambi-
tion of cnterp iMng Jeadcis, or by the intrigues and influ-
ence of foreign Powers ? To the second question it may
b§ answered that if the General Government should in-
teipose by virtue of this constitutional authority, it will
be of course bound to pursue the authouty. But the au-
thority extends no further than to a guarantee of a repub-
lican form ot'government, which supposes a pre,xistmg
government ol the form which is to be guaianlied."
Now, sir, is the Senator answered? The peo-
ple of the State, whether there is an attempt to
overthrow the Stategovernment, or whether it has
been a successful attempt as against the State it-
self, are to be relieved by the action of this Gov-
ernment in pursuance of the authority therein
granted. It is not claimed or pretended, I sup-
pose, by the Senator from Ohio or by any advo-
cate of this bill, that under any other provision
of the Constitution can a pretext be afforded for
the assertion of such a power as this bill proposes
to assert.
Mr. WILKINSON. Will the Senator from
Virginia permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CARLILE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILKINSON. Suppose the people of a
State, foy r fifths of them, are opposed to a repub-
lican form of government, what then would the
Senator from Virginia do?
Mr. CARLILE. Take the case the Senator
supposes, how is he going to give them a repub-
lican form of government if four fifths of the peo-
ple are opposed to \t> What right has this Con-
giess to make a government for the people of a
State ?
-Mr. WILKINSON. I object to the Senator's
answering one question by asking another.
Mr. CARLILE. I understood the Senator
onginated in Yankee land, and 1 wanted to follow
the fashion of the Yankees,and I think he issuc-
cessfully answered.
Mr. WILKINSON. Suppose the people of
the State of South Carolina have determined that
they will riot have a republican form ofgovernment
in that State, what would the Senator have the
Government of the United States do under such
circumstances?
Mr. CARLILE. I would have the Govern-
ment of the United States do nothing that it has
not the power under the Constitution to do, be-
cause I believe that, the Government of the Uni-
ted States is a Government of limited powers. I
believe it to be its duty under the grant of power
in the Constitution to guaranty the existence of
a preexisting republican government. That gov-
ernment existed in South Carolina; the people
have not determined, at least before this war they
had not determined, to have any other than a re-
publican form of government. We had recog-
nized that government as a republican form of
government by the recognition of the State in all
its departments and the admission of all its na-
tional representatives. Itis made the duty of the
Government of the United States, notof Congress;
and' I desire to call the attention of the Senator to
that, because it bears upon his assumption for
Congress of power which does not "belong to the
Executive. It is not alone the duty of Congress
to guaranty a republican form of government to
the people of the several States; the extent of that
guatantee is not limited alone to the means which
Congress may employ; but the words of the Con-
stitution are "the United States "shall guaranty."
Hence every department of the Government is
equally bound; and Congress being the legisla-
tive branch of couise participates to agieater ex-
tent in the discharge of that duty.
Mr. CLARK. I do not wish to mteirupt the
Senator to ask any question nor entirely agree-
able to him, but i desire to ask of him whether if
the Government be overthrown in any one State
by the people qf that State, it is not the duty of
the Government of the United States to.restore
that to its republican form even if a majority of
the people in that State are opposed to the repub-
lican form.
Mr. CARLILE. The fact of my being here I
think should be an answer to the Senator s ques-
tion. The people of each State of this Union
have by becoming parties to the Constitution
bound themselves by that compact; and they have
not the right to overthrow the State government
which recognizes that obligation by any power
short of that which results in success; butif they
are able to prevent the United States through its
power from enforcing this provision of the Con-
stitution, then i suppose they can do it, but other-
wise not.
Mr. CLARK. That does not quite meet the
question. They have not the right to overthrow;
that is very clear; but suppose they actually have
done it, have overthrown, 'then the question [
desire to put is whether it is not the duty of this
Government to restore it.
Mr. CARLILE. How, though? By pur-
suing the authority conferred upon the United
States, not by creating a new government, not by
restricting them in the exercise of any one pre-
rogative that belongs to them, not by separating
one of their local limbs of sovereignty that be-
longed to them and bringing them into the Union
amputated, with the badge of inequality and deg-
radation placed upon them, as you placed upon
the so-called State of West Virginia.
Mr. CLARK. Then will the Senator allow
me to inquire, if it becomes necessary, in order to
testore that government, to set up within that
State a provisional government, is not the power
clearly given to Congress or the United States
Government to set it up? Does he not recognize
the decision of the Supreme Court that when a
power ia given all the requisites to its exercise
are given, if notabaolutely prohibited by the Con-
stitution ?
Mr. CARLILE. Jt is not essential to this ar-
gument for me to answer the Senator from New
Hampshire, not that lam not disposed to do it 
Mr. CLARK. 1 do not desire an answer par-
ticularly .
Mr. CARLILE. Or that I cannot do so; but
the Senator from New Hampshire will bear in
mind that what I called his attention to in the
opening of this argument was the second section
of this bill which does not propose a provisional
government as a war measure and to last only
while the rebellion remains; but it does not pro-
pose to exercise any governmental power except
what is exercised through its appointee as gov-
ernor until after inihtaiy resistance shall have
been suppressed.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that entirely. I
understand that the people are to be held by this
provisional governor'until the rebellion is sub-
dued, and this is to be the provisional means of
bringing back the old foim of government.
Mr. CARLILE. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire to tell me how one
Federal appointee, called a governor, is to hold
a State which your armies have as yet been un-
able to hold.
Mr. CLARK. He is to hold it by means of
the Army until the rebellion is entirely done, the
same as we have held Tennessee.
Mr. CARLILE. You have no authority to
appoint a governor or any civil officer in that
State, unless you are compelled to resort to mili-
tary power to carry out your constitutional obli-
gations and to remove the obstacles which are in
the way of exercise of civd authoiity through
(he agents of the people themselves, which they
have established by virtue of their existing gov-
ernment. No such power is given under any
provision of the Constitution; none could have
been given without your entirely changing the
whole character of this Government, which is
based upon the fundamental principle that the
military power shall always he subordinate to the
civil. One of the brightest spots in the character
of the Father of his Country is the fact that dur- !
ing our revolutionary struggle he ever main- J
tained the supremacy of the civil power; and so i
highly was that estimated by the Congiess that !
received from him his resignation as Commander- j
in-Chicfof the armies that the President,Thomtis I
Mifflin, who was instructed to make the address*
alluded to it in the most flattering and compli-
mentary terms:
"Called upon by your country to defend its (fivad^tl
rights, you accepted the saered charge before it had formed
alliances, and while it was without funds or a Government
to support you. You have conducted the great military
contest witli wisdom and fortitude, invariably .regarding
the rights of the civil power through ali disasters and -
changes." x
I regret, sir, that truth compels me to say that
such a'speech could not be made now to those
who have conducted the military power of this
country in this war. But, sir, the Senator from
Ohio says the Union is to be preserved. So say
I. Upon what principle are these "States tocome
back into the Union ? The people, says the Sen-
ator from Ohio, will meet you with that inquiry.
Sir, when was ever such an inquiry suggesled to
the brain of any loyal man in this Union ? When
was such an inquiry ever put? Never until after
a policy different from that which characterized
the commencement of this struggle was eniered
upon by the party in power. All said the Union
was to be restored; all accepted the struggle
as the use of the military power of the Govern-
ment in the restoration of the Union. What
Union? The Union of the Constitution. The
Union into which new States are to be admitted.
It is not into u a Union," but into this Union"
that the States are admitted. What Union? Th«
Union of the Constitution, nons other; and he
who seeks to pieserve the Union can only do it
by an observance of the Constitution and the
use of the constitutional means to restore it, not
reconstruct it.
Where do you derive the power to reconstruct
this Union? What Union are you the represent-
atives of? What is the Union which has given
to you yourseats? It is the Union os it has ex-
isted from 1789; it i? the Union of which the Con-
stitution of the United States is the only bond;
it is a Union of limited and delegated powers,
bounded,as Mr. Adams said,on one hand by the
right of the States to internal legislation, and on
the other by the laws and usages of nations. In
this Union, created by this Constitution, of
limited and delegated powers, all prescribed and
written in the instrument, you propose to exer-
cise your legislative power by usurping the rights
and liberties of the people, a power which all the
people you represent could not use or could not
exert without the destruction of the Union which
the Constitution formed. There is no power in
this Government, there ip no power m the parties
to this Government, there is no power in all the
States of this Union to prescribe a constitution
for the little State of Rhode Island. If every other
State in the Union,, the adhering as well as the
rebellious States, if every man, woman, and child
in them were to meet and prescribe a constitu-
tion for the people of Rhode Island, they vyould
have no power or authority to do so under the
Union; and tell me where the people's represent-
atives derive the power to do that which -all the
people in their collective capacity, save the small
minority that constitutes that State,cannot do?
When I heard the learned Senator from Wis-
consin, now occupying the chair, [Mr. Doolit-
tle,] a few days ago on this floor say that after
this war wc were to have a better Union than we
have ever had, the expression of the sentiment
not only astonished me but it sunk into my heart
and imposed itself upon my memory never to
be effaced. Where do you derive the power or
the authority to give us any other Union than that
which the Constitution created? Who is willing
to intrust even to Senators of this day the right
of foiming a Union which it is to be supposed
will be superior and above the Union that the
patriots of the Revolution formed ?
It is that mischievous sentiment, it is that mis-
chievous exercise of power that has prolonged
for more than three years the struggle in which
we aie engaged, and may prolong it for years to
come. It is because gentlemen in their hatred it
may be of rebellion, in their desire to punish
those engaged in it, forget the obligations that
they are under to the Constitution of their coun-
try, and forget the rights that the people they
represent have secured to them under and by vir-
tue of this Union which they would set aside and
in the place of which they would put what they
would call a better Union. Sir, I never expect
to see a better Union than that foimed by the
