1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEi
mm
tainly not dispute it since they incorporated it in
the Chicago platform, which became a law unto
the President, who, I ask, can deny the conclu-
sion of the Secretary of State, having in view al-
ways, as he and the President undoubtedly had,
the great cardinal truth underlying all republican
Governments, " which derive their just powers
from the consent of the governed ?" If the Presi-
dent and his Secretary of State gave utterance to
truth in 1861, is it any less a truth to-day? Has
not rather the experience of three years of war
confirmed it? 1 believed it then, I believe it now.
But, sir, I have still other witnesses to call.
The honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
as reported in the Congressional Globe, third ses-
sion Thirty-Fourth Congress, page 25, said:
"You cannot forcibly hold men in this Union, for the
attempt to do so, it seems to me, would subvert the first
principles of the Government under which we live."
On the 10th of June, 1846, Congressional Globe,
page 94, the present Chief Magistrate of the na-
tion said:
"Any people, anywhere, being inclined and having the
power, have a right to rise up and shake off the existing
Government, and form a new one that suits them belter."
* * * * " Nor is this right confined to cases in
which the people of an existing Government may choose to
exercise it. Any portion of such people that can may rev-
olutionize and may make their own so much of the terri-
tory as they inhabit. More than thi% a majority of any por-
tion of such people may revolutionize, putting down a mi-
nority intermingled with or near about them, who may op-
pose their movements."
But, sir, I propose to call another witness to
testify against this coercive policy, who also spoke
in advance of the war. Edward Everett, in his
letter of May 29, 1860, to Washington Hunt, ac-
cepting the nomination as Vice President of the
Union party, of which, I believe, the distinguished
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Henry Winter
Davis] was a member, and for whom a number of
gentlemen upon this floor voted, then said:
"The suggestion that the Union can be maintained by
numerical preponderance and military prowess of one sec-
tion exerted to coerce the otlifr into submission is, in my
judgment, as ^elf-contradictory as it is dangerous. It comes
loaded with the death smell from fields wet with brothers'
blood. It the vit.U principle of all republican Government
'is the consent of the governed,' much more does a union
of coequal soveieign States require as its basis the harmony
of its membeis and their voluntary cooperation in its or-
ganic functions."
It will no doubt be said Mr. Everett has changed
his views upon the subject; that may be so, but
I have not; I believed it sound doctrine in 1860,
before secession occurred or coercion began.
Three years* experience in attempting " by nu-
merical preponderance and military prowess of
one section exerted to coerce the other into sub-
mission" has convinced me more thoroughly that
it is " as self-contradictory as it is dangerous;"
contradictory, because it violates the great prin-
ciples of free government which "derive their just
powers from the consent of the governed," and
dangerous because by its exercise,especially when
wielded by a weak, vacillating, and unscrupulous
man, it destroys instead of maintaining the Union.
Constitutions and organic law, civil liberty and
personal security are forced to yield to what is
claimed to be a military necessity, and the Gov-
ernment itself, in the brief period of three short
years, is to-day verging on the very brink of ruin.
I am well aware, sir, that the cry of disloyalty,
want of patriotism, and lack of devotion to the
Government, which is in every place and at all
times raised against those who have the independ-
ence to disapprove of any of the acts of Mr. Lin-
coln, as well as an inordinate desire for Govern-
ment patronage, from the buildingof a steamship
and a shoddy contract down to the insignificant
position of taking charge of a mutilated and de-
preciated greenback in the Treasury building, has
changed the opinions of many men, but the fixed
principles of free government as well as the rules
of right, reason, justice, and truth, are unchange-
able; and although it may be unpopular, and even
at the risk of personal liberty in times like the
present, to advocate them, they are nevertheless
eternal and immutable.
The distinguished gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Stevens,] who stands upon this floor
and before the country as an acknowledged leader
of the Administration party, has had the honesty
and independence, in a speech delivered at an
early part of the session, to announce what he
holds to be the true position of the confederate
S^tes. He says:
" Soirtc think that these States are still in the Union and
entitled to the protection of the Constitution and the laws
of the United States."
This idea he at once repudiates, and then boldly
affirms that-which he holds to be the true doc-
trine:
" Others hold that having committed treason, renounced
their allegiance to the Union, discarded the Constitution
and laws, organized a distinct and hostile government, and
by force of arms have risen from the condition of insurgents
to the position ofan independent Power de facto, and having
been acknowledged as a belligerent both by foreign nations
and our own Government, the Constitution and the Union
are abrogated so far as they are concerned, and that as be-
tween the two belligerents they are under the laws of war
and the laws of nations alone, and that whichever Power
conquers may treat the vanquished as conquered provinces,
and may impose upon them such conditions and laws as
it may deem best."
In answer to any objections that maybe raised
to this position he says:
."But it is said that this must be considered a contest
with rebel individuals only, a* States m the Union cannot
make war. That is true so long as they remain in tl$3
Union. But they claim to be out of the Union, and the
very fact that we have admitted them to be in a state of
war, to be belligerents,show* that they are no longer in the
Union, and that they are waging war m their corporate ca-
pacity, under the corporate name of the confederate States,
and that tuch major corporation is composed of minor cor-
porations called States acting in their aitociated character."
**********
"When an insurrection becomes sufficiently formidable
to entitle the party to belligerent rights it places the con-
tending Powers on precisely the same footing as foreign
nations at war with each other." *****
"No one acquainted with the magnitude of this contest
can deny to it the character of & civil uar. For nearly three
years the confederate States have maintained their decla-
ration of independence by toree of arms." * * * *
44 What, then, Is the elfectof this public war between
these belligerent, these foreign nations1 Before this war
the parties were bound together by a compact, by a treaty
called a 'Constitution.' They acknowledged the validity
of municipal laws mutually binding on each. This war
has cut asunder all these ligaments, abrogated all the obli-
gations."
Now, sir, for once, at least, I agree with the
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania, that
the confederate States are outof the tlnion,occu-
pying the position of an independent Power de facto,
have been acknowledged as a belligerent both by
foreign nations and our own Government, main-
tained their declaration of independence for three
years by force of arms, and that the war has cut
asunder all the ligaments and abrogated all the
obligations that bound them under the Constitu-
tion. So far I agree with him, and however un-
willing we may be to accept such position as the
actual condition of the confederate States, the
history of the past three years, the law of nations,
the genius of our Government, and a regard for
truth compel me, at least, to accept it and my
judgment to approve it, and if the charge of dis-
loyalty is brought against me for this opinion 1
have only to shield myself under the broad mantle
of the distinguished leader of the Republican party.
At the commencement of the war England and
France both declared the confederate States to be
belligerents, the United States has treated with
them as such in the exchange of prisoners, and the
Administration is to-day, without the honesty or
independence of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia to avow it, doing precisely what he proposes
to do under his war of conquest waged against the
confederate States as a foreignnation. It is not now
even pretended that the war is carried on having
for its object the restoration of the Union. * i Recon-
struction," "consolidation," "centralization,"
" with an entire change in the Constitution," are
the terms employed in speaking of the Govern-
ment that is to exist hereafter. To speak of the
Constitution as it is and the Union as it was isan
offense, subjecting an officer in theAimy to pun-
ishment by dismissal from the service, and con-
clusive evidence of disloyalty in the citizen.
If the time ever was when the Union could have
been restored by war (which 1 do not believe) it
has long since been dispelled by emancipation,
confiscation,amnesty,and the iikeproclamations,
military orders annulling State constitutions, set-
ting aside State laws, obiiteratmgState lines, and
attempting to organize and set up a form of State
government in their stead m which one man out
of ten who shall turn abolitionist, take and sub-
scribe an oath to execute and obey the will of
Abraham Lincoln, whatever it may be, shall
govern and rule over the remaining nine who
refuse to become abolitionists. These follies of
the Administration, and others of like character,
have,instead of" crushingtherebellion,''crushed
out whatover Union sentiment may have remained
among the southern people* It is possible that
in districts of country occupied by the Army oc-
casionally a man may be found who, seeing noth-
ing before him" but ignominy  nd death", his wife
and innocent children appealing to him for pro-*
tection with all the tiesof filial affection, hisprop-
erty to be confiscated and his family to become
outcasts and beggars in the world—that such a
man, in order for the time being to save himself,
save his family, and save his property, may take
the oath, but the effect produced by it will be like
that of Galileo, who invented the telescope and
who first taught the rotary motion of the earth.
That noble old Italian,after many years of labor
in the study of science, and when he had ad*
vanced to the extreme age of seventy, was sum-
moned before an inquisition, tried, condemned,
and imprisoned in a dungeon for teaching a heresy.
Subsequently he was brought out and offered
liberty on condition of his renouncing his hereto
ical doctrine. The effect of once more beholding
the glorious light of the sun, and breathing again
the pure air of heayen, as contrasted with the
loathsome dungeon in which he had been cast,
and to which he had to return if he did not re-
nounce his belief in the earth's motion, so far
overcame his humanity that he consented to com-
ply, and upon his bended knees, with his hands on
the Gospels, he abjured his belief in theCoperni-
can doctrine. Part of his abjuration ran in these
words:
"With a sincere heart and unfeigned faith, I abjure,
curse, ami detest the said error* and heresies, [namely, that
the eai th moves, &e.;} I swear that I will never in future
say or assert anything verbally or in writing which may
give rise to a similar suspicion against me."
Rising from his knees, with his eyes still fixed
upon the earth, he whispered to a friend, "JGpur
si muove." " It moves for all that."
So it will be with the man who is forced to take
the amnesty oath, to save himself, his family, and
his property: he may take it, but in his heart
he will detest and despise the authority that re-
quires it. Will such a man be devoted to or
make a good citizen of the Government in which
he lives? Who shall believe it? The history of
Poland, of Hungary, of Italy, and of Ireland fur^
nishes an answer to the question. If imperial
Governments are not able to hold in submissive
obedionce small portions of a vast empire, once
in revolt, how much less a Government having
for its basis "the conscnt of the governed!"
But, Mr. Chairman ,"subjugati.on "is the watch-
word . Liberty and freedom for the slave and sub-
jugation or extermination for the master is the
popular cry. "Meet them, fight them, crush
them," says the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Smith.] Sir, that is easily said upon this floor,
and is popular with those who from day to day
fill the gallery of this House; but evpn the gen-
tleman from Kentucky as well as a number of
other military gentlemen were-quitc willing to fore-
go the pleasure of the performance and exchange
their commissions as generals in the field for a
certificate entitling them*to a seat upon this floor;
and were I to judge by the willingness with
which it was done, the tenacity with which they
hold on to it, and the efforts some of them are
making to return here again, instead of the war
spirit they breathe within these walls, I should
strongly suspect them of being in sympathy with
the peace paity.
Mr. Chairman, I am no military man, and
therefore incompetent to give advice or advance
an opinion in military affairs, but 1 have often
been forcibly struck by the remarks of Marshal
Ney in reply to Napoleon, as related by Headley
in his Napoleon ana his Marshals:
" One day, at Madrid,Napoleon entered the room where
Ney and several officers were standing, and said in great
glee, 'Everything goes on well; Romania will be reduced
in a foi might; the English are defeated and will be unable
to advance; in three months the war will be finished.'"
The officers to whom this was addressed made
no reply; but Ney, shaking his head, said with
his characteristic bluntness:
"< Sire, this war has lasted long already, and our affair*
s re not improved. The people are obstinate, even their
women and children fight; they massacre ourmen in detail.
To-day we cut the enemy in picces, to-morrow we have to
oppose another twice as numerous. It is not an army we
have, to fight, ii is a whole nation. I see no end to this
business.'
"Bonaparte followed his own inclinations, and was
eventually defeated."
Mr. Chairman, is there not instruction in the
