1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
resulted in a return to that system as the cheap-
est and most consistent with our national char-
acter. When the pet measures of the draft, negro
enlistment, and a Provost Marshal's Bureau were
forced on the country, we were promised great
things. Immense levies and large subsidies were
to be the result. Public expectation was raised
to the highest pitch, and private responsibility re-
duced to an equivalent in dollars and cents. Any-
body could be a hero for §300. When lo! the
armies were still unreplenished, the coffers of the
Treasury still subject to the visitations of the Sec-
retary of War and his subordinates. Commuta-
' tion money, the promised talisman by which blood
was to be turned to gold, failed to work its charm.
The gold was as the hid treasure of the pirateCap-
tain Kidd, sought for in vain by the uninitiated,
and spoken of in secret and with reverence by the
lsnowing ones. Bounty continued to increase, the
ranks were not filled, and enrollment by draft was
far behind the demands of the service.
But the great and crowning testimony of the
utter failure of the conscription act is found in the
President's proclamation of the 17th of October
last. Ey a stretch of power, before almost un-
equaled by even this reckless Administration, the
public, credit was pledged, without, sanction of
Congress, in the sum of over one hundred and five
million dollars, calling for three hundred thou-
sand more men at the rate of §300 for new recruits,
and $400 for veterans who should enlist after that
date without limit of time. In the blindness of
a reckless spirit, our rulers appear not to have
seen, or sceingdid not care, what wholesale p^oof
they were putting before the world in favor of the
old constitutional militia and volunteer system:
proving incontestably on the statistical tables of
the exchequer that the draft was a failure; that to
escape fiom its snare and delusion even national
bankruptcy should be risked, and the sacred lim-
its of the Constitution trampled under foot by the
Executive. The people were keptignorant of the
fearful cost to the Constitution by which freedom
from this conscript law had been secured: a thrill
of satisfaction at this much desired result ran
through the whole nation. Nearly every local
newspaper is congratulating its readers that since
Congress has gone back to the militia and volun-
teer system laid down in the Constitution, and are
encouraging m6n to enlist by bounty, the fear of
and necessity for a draft have ceased. Judging
from the events of the past year we have had many
and timely tokens that the genius of the American
people clings to the liallowcdassociations which
cluster around the Constitution. Thatprotecting
genius seems now to beckon us back from the way-
ward and perilous path of military enthusiasm to
the sober consideration of right and justice. With
a warning hand on the history of this law, she
points to a future fraught with danger to the Con-
stitution.
The failure ofthedraft to procure the necessary
force to recruit our armies furnished the pretext
to the President to violate the Constitution by
pledging the public credit without due authority
from Congress. He seized the sword under the
specious plea of military necessity. lie then cut
the puiseofthe public with the point of that keen
and convenient instrument of usurpation and tyr-
anny. By this bold assumption of unconstitu-
tional power over the destiny of the Army, the
President hasgiven a happy and well-timed pledge
to the military element of this country that he
alone, unaided, and untrammeled by constitutions
or by oaths, stands ready to carry on the Gov-
ernment.
There seems, no further need of Congress to
check executive power. A general order from
the War Depaitrncnt, or a Janus-faced procla-
mation from the White House, disposes of every
question. When the habeas corpus act was vio-
lated; when the personal liberty of the citizen was
violated; when the sacredness of the ballot was
violated by armed men; when the right of free
speech was violated, the Ad ministration partycried
traitor on all who dared denounce those treason-
able violations of the Constitution. Are you still
so blind, so infatuated, so mad with party zeal,
that you are ready to applaud this last act of reck-
less viohition of your own constitutional powers
by the Commander-in-Chief? Do you not see the
gradual encroachment upon every constitutional
privilege and right closingaround you slowly but
with relentless purpose'
Are you true to the interests of the people and
to the honor and welfare of this nation? Areyou
faithful to your oath to support the Constitution
in submitting to these encroachments by the Ex-
ecutive ? While you have yet the power to resist
repeal this conscript law, a link in the chain being
forged for your humiliation.
Repeal this law. It is unnecessary, a failure,
and obnoxious to the best feelings of our people.
An effort should now be made to strike it from
our statutes. It is an insulttothe masses ofthis
country, who are justly proud of all they have
done and suffered in this struggle for free govern-
ment as emblemed in this Union. By every vol-
untary sacrifice they stand ready, I firmly believe,
to offer up all they have on earth save honor and
independence in the cause of theircountry. They
have proved this by many and unmistakable to-
kens, in spite of defeat, of sickness, of treachery,
of future poverty to themselves; in spite of admin-
istrative corruption, of the waste of public money,
and of the sacrifice of human life. The first in-
stinct of every people is to preserve its national ex-
istence, in glory if it may, in sorrow if it must.
Sir, history is filled with outrages consequent
upon an effort of the ruling class to force obnox-
ious laws upon the people. England has become
wiser since the Boston tea-party, and unpopular
laws are not now forced upon her subjects. Let the
lesson of experience not be lost on us.
That this conscript law is obnoxious to the peo-
ple of many parts of that section of this country
faithful to the Constitution needs no proof here.
The Administration needs no testimony to estab-
lish that fact. The past few months have been
full of pregnant warning. The rage of the mob
has been heard in our cities, and order has been
restored only by armed force, at great cost of
money and blood. No one deprecates the recent
riots more than myself. I have no sympathy with
such deeds of violence and inhumanity. But, sir,
the terrible fact of armed resistance to the laws of
this Union by an infuriated mob demands a calm
and thorough examination by the law-making
power. It is our duty, it should be our zealous
desire to remove ail causes of public disturbance
from our midst at this time. The voice of the
people has prophetic power; and in stormy times
like these wise men seek to interpret its dark say-
ings. When that voice uttered in madness surges
up from the depths of human society it seems to
call on those to help who can the desperate and
lost, as a signal gun booms forth at sea its dismal
cry for rescue.
But, sir, danger besets us on every side. The
wild deeds of a disorganized rabble cannot over-
throw, although it may disturb this Government;
it is too strongly rooted m the hearts of the people.
Our real danger comes from the encroachments of
the Executive upon legislative power. Whenever
the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy
assumes the power of the sword and purse, then,
sir, we have cause to begin to tremble for the ex-
istence of our independence. He and his Army
can planta phalanx of mercenary bayonets, around
the citadel of the Constitution. Then this Union
must perish and leave the spirit of representative
liberty in duress here, it may be forever.
Sir, consistently with the views which I have
just laid before this committee, I shall at the proper
time move to recommit the whole subject to the
Military Committee, with instructions to amend
the House and Senate bills so as to strike out^all
that refers to a draft, and report a new bill which
shall provide, first, for enrolling the names of all
personsliable tomilitaryduty in the United States;
second, for arresting deserters and preventing de-
sertion.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
I do not pretend to be the most devotional of men,
but I do most profoundly thank God that this
Government at this hour of its solicitude has not
to restfor its support upon such patriotism as has
been exhibited in the language uttered by the gen-
tleman who has just taken his seat. I ilo not even
claim to bea party man. Iam here in this House
as the representative of no putty, declining even
to take a party nomination. I came here in the
character of an American citizen, and stand at all
times and in all emergencies by the Constitution
and the country. I came here to support the
Administration in the prosecution of this war for
the suppression of rebellion, and in the suppres-
sion of treason whether it be abroad or at home.
This is a free Government, and the gentleman
[Mr. Chanler] may thank "God that it is a free
Government. The sentiments he has uttered here
to-day against the power of conscription he could
not utter in the halls at Richmond as a confederate
representative without being sent to the gallows.
He talks about the merciless disposition of this
Government,andtheabuseofpowerby the Admin-
istration. Has the gentleman any sympathy, with
that other government which is now conscripting
without reference to age or condition.' Has.he,
in all the anathemas which he has heaped upon
this Government and Administration, uttered one
word of reproach for that act of tyranny which
is now being enforced throughout the southern
States, by which even a man who has paid his
commutation money is no longer exempt from
the power of the conscription?
I regret most seriously that necessity compels
me to use language of this chaiacter, but when I
hear such sentiments uttered as I have listened to
to-day I will use it, because I believe it to be my
duty. This Government is attacked for an arbi-
trary use of power, for a violation of the Consti-
tution, and we are told that this conscription law
is itself unconstitutional; that it interferes with
the constitutional and vested rights of the States,
through whose instrumonta!it.)«alone such a con-
scription should be enforced in calling soldiers
into the service. I deny the proposition. I assert
that this is a sovereign and supreme Govern-
ment, and that it has power over every acre of
the public domain to enforce the conscription,
if the duty of «elf-protection renders it neces-
sary.
Let me ask you,before I turn to the Constitu-
tion to see what powers it confers, in what posi-
tion would this Government be to protect itself
if the ruling authorities of the State governments
held such opinions and entertained such feelings
as the gentleman has expressed who immediately
preceded me?
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman, as he is pointing to me, that I desire he
shall speak so loud that I can hear him, if he is
making any personal remarks in regard to myself.'
Itwould afford infinite satisfaction to me to know
what he is saying, though I shall not interrupt
him to reply at present.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I referred to the
gentleman's charge that this Administration were
guilty of palpable interference with the rights of
the Slates in passing such a law of conscription
as this. You said that the President was guilty
of an abuse of executive powPr in making arbi-
trary arrests. You charge the President with cen-
tralizing the powers of this Government in dero-
gation of the lights of the States and of the citizen.
I rise to deny it. I have said, sir, that the position
ofthis Government would be most unfortunate if
it were left to call upon the States when gentlemen
holding positions and opinions such as have been
expressed here held control of the governments
of those States. Under the Constitution, sir, we
either have or have not a right to enforce the
power of the Government over every State ill call-
ing upon it for troops to defend the Government.
What is our power in the rebel Slates to-day? We
claim that thev are under the Constitution. The
gentleman claims that they never have been out.
How effective would bea call upon theGovernor
of South Carolina, or of Noith Carolina, or of any
other rebel State, to raise troops for the defense of
this Union ?
Again, sir, I believe that the Constitution, as I
construe it, expressly prohibits any State from
raising troops except ill certain contingencies save
in obedience to the call of the General Govern-
ment. And now, sir, cannot the Governmentdo
directly of its own volition and action what it may
do by'an agency? The whole question hinges
upon the sovereignty of the States or the sov-
ereignty of the Government. When 1 look to the
Constitution of my country 1 find that it clothes the
Government with every attribute of sovereignty;
that it gives every power necessary to suppress
this rebellion, and to make all laws which shall
be essential to that end. it gives it power to de-
clare war, to grant letters of marque and reprisal,
to raise and support armies, to provide and main-
tain a navy, to make rules for the government
and regulations of the land and naval forces, and
it restricts every State in this Union from the ex-
ercise of every one of these powers, showing that
