456
THE CONG-EESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
February 2,
the sovereignty is in the General Government,
and not in the individual States.
But this is not the time for an elaborate argu-
ment on the constitutional powers of the General
Government, and on those powers which, by its
terms for local and social and not national pur-
poses, are reserved to the States or the people.
I will only say that under the Constitution I
can recognize, I can find, no sovereignty save that
of the American Union, to which every State is
subordinated in all affairs of national concern-
ment.
I'have heard arguments before made against
conscription; I have heard that conscription is
unconstitutional; and yet, sir, when a proposition
was before the country to fill up our armies by
volunteering, these same men who are now charg-
ing conscription to be unconstitutional, were say-
ing that the only way to do equal justice was to
enforce a conscription, and not to rely upon volun-
teering.
Now, sir, I do not know that so far as the gen-
tleman or his particular friends and those who
sympathize with him are concerned, this conscrip-
tion act is to interfere with any evidences of their
patriotic disposition. It does not prohibithim or
any one else from going into the Army as a vol-
unteer. The ranks.are open, and all those who
sympathize with him in his sentiments are wel-
come to go in and to array themselves in support
of the country against its enemies. I have heard
these arguments before, and the moment that the
Government enacted the conscription law, that
moment the argument was changed, and they said
that volunteering was the only true way of rais-
ing troops to support the Government; and then
the charge was made that the conscription act,
which they before recommended, was utteily and
enlirely unconstitutional.
Now, sir, itis unfortunate indeed that the Rep-
resentative of a district in New York city should
be in favor of volunteering when all his constit- j
uents are opposed to enlistment; it is exceedingly
unfortunate, if that were the disposition through
the whole country, 1 doubt whether our armies
would be filled very speedily. There is one thing
to which I have made up my mind, and that is,
that this rebellion is to be put down, and that it
is to be put down notwithstanding the menaces
which may be made on the other side, and notwith-
standing all the opposition of rebels in arms. This
Government is of too great value to be sacrificed for
political purposes. When the gentleman alluded
to the response which the'people of this country
made to the first call upon tlicm after the fall of
Sumter, he forgot that it was an expression of the
popular feeling, that Democrats and all other cit-
izens of this country came forward as one man
to the support of the Government, except the po-
litical leaders; and it was only when the political
leaders counseled together to see what was to be
the result of this expression of patriotism upon
party power that you saw the patriotism of many
who had been ranked with the Democratic party
waning away.
I well remember, sir, that those who favored a
prosecution of this war without reference topaity
called a convention to be held in the city where
1 reside on the same day for which the Demo-
cratic party of No w York called their convention,
and they did it for the purpose of proposing a
prosecution of the war for the country without
reference to parties. And yet, sir, party leaders
defeated that proposition, and we have the result
of their action in the character of some of the
Representatives who have been returned here from
the State of New ^iork. I thank God that there
are men from my own State, sitting on the other
side ot this Chamber, who havebeen Democrats,
who are Democrats now, but who are as true and
loyal to the Government as I am, who are pre-
pared to stand by it in emergencies, and who, al-
though differing with me in some political views,
are true to the Union and to the country. You
will find them so. I have taken occasion else-
where, in speaking in public of the elections in
New York, Ohio, and Pennsylvania, to claim the
results not as the triumphs of a political party
but as the triumphs of the American people de-
termined to support this Government, tne tri-
umphs of patriotic and Union men without refer-
ence to party. i
But there is, unfortunately, another class which I
has never been able to withdraw itself from party j
influence, whose affiliations with party views have
been so strong that patriotism is lost and ignored,
and every interest of the country subordinated to
the interest of political partisanship. For such
men I have no sympathy .and no respect.
This Government, Mr. Chairman, is charged
with doing great injustice by means ofarbitrary ar-
rests. I deny the charge. I doubt not thatin some
of the numerous cases where that power has been
exercised, injustice may have been done. But I
tell you that if full justice had been done many a
man who is now abroad at liberty would have
been looking out upon the fields of the country
through the barsof some prison, or studying the
beauties of New York harbor through the port-
holes of Port La Payette. 1 do not know but that
the sufferings of men who have been under the
operation of military arrests may have been sug-
gested to the gentleman from New York by some
individual member near him who has had a per-
sonal experience of its effects. "Where has the
power of the Government been exercised for the
purpose ofdoingwrong to anyman? Idenythat
the President, the Secretary of State, or any other
man connected with theGovernmentlias,forper-
sonal or for party reasons, sent any person to
prison or placed him und.er arrest. When a man
has suffered in this way it has only been because
he was considered and believed, upon reliable or
at least prima facie evidence, to be a public enemy,
sympathizing with rebellion and treason, and
plotting the ruin of his country.
Now, I hold that every man within the juris-
diction of the Government, who claims its pro-
tection for his person and property, is bound to
loyalty to that Government and fidelity to its
laws, and is restricted either from communicating
with its enemies or doing anything for their aid
and comfort. No, sir; this Government has ex-
ercised no power except for the constitutional
purpose of preserving its own existence. That
it has a right to preserve thatexisfence I find not
only in the Constitution, but I find it as the inhe-
rent power of every Government. It is incidental
to it. It is a right higher than the Constitution.
It springs from the first law of nature, which gives
to every creature the right of using his own pow-
ers for the protection of his own life. Even those
who talk treason and who sympathize with trea-
son in this hour and in this presence have that
same right of self-protection.
The gentleman informs us that he regrets ex-
ceedingly the violence which occurred in the city
of New York, denominated the New Yoik riots.
1 have no doubt that many men who sympathize
in the sentiments which led to those riots, and the
expression of which sentiments precipitated and
forced them on, do regret it; and some of them
may express opinions now which are but the evi- j
dcncc not of original opposition but of subsequent
repentance. I was m that city when the riots
occurred, and I found to my astonishment that a
person clothed with high authority in the sup-
pression of the riots by the civil authorities of the
State of New Yoik was a celebrated individual
who had declared at the outset of this rebellion
that he would, ifnecessary,raisearegimcnt with- 1
in that_city, and march to the South for the pur- !
pose of aiding the rebels against this Government, i
I regret those riots as much as the gentleman |
does, but I tell you they came because politicians ;
prepared the way for them by anathemasogainst
the Government, by charging the Government
with the abuse of power and with an attempt to 1
■centralize the authority and power of the Govern-
ment and subvert the Constitution. I believe
that the leaders who proclaimed these sentiments
knew better, and knew that the sole object of the '
Government was,under the Constitui'ion, so far '
as in its power, to perform that duty which the
Constitution imposed upon it, for suppressino*the
rebellion and protecting the liberties of the people.
Mr. Chairman, this conscription act, 1 trust,
will be amended. Itis no new process; we are
but modifying an existing law. We areattempt-
ing here to adjust it to the wants and the circum-
stances of the country, to do equal justice to all
men irrespective of party; and although if that !
conscription were enforced it might perhaps af-
fect some of the constituents of the gentleman,
who, like him, have no sympathy here with the !
Government, m then* personal rights, and may 1
force them to the ranks ofourarmies, it will be but
placing them in my judgment where they should n
be placed, and where they would never go except
by force of public law.
' I deny the right of any man upon this floor or
elsewhere to say that every citizcn of this coun-
try is not bound in his person and by the use of
all of his property, if necessary, to protect and
sustain this Government. And if it be necessary
to resort to conscription,letit come. Ifincreased
taxation be necessary, let it come. Let us sub-
mit to all sacrifices. Let us even, if necessary,
drive out from among us those who, faithless to
their country, are loyal only to its enemies.
Let us do full justice to the present, and let us
retain for coming ages that glorious inheritance
which has been guarantied to us by our fathers.
We shall do it. It requires but the united effort
of all loyal citizens, the subordination of all party
attachments, and the firm resolve that whatever we
possess of material wealth, of intellectual power,
or of physical vigor, shall be freely offered in the
national cause to preserve our country in the unity
of its empire and the beneficence of its institutions.
War is to be regretted. Itsevilsaremultiform;
and yet though life must be sacrificed, though
onerous public burdens must be borne, we must
submit to all like patriots, determined to protect
our liberties from the machinations of men who
feel sympathy only with rebels and with treason.
Mr. Chairman, in this struggle liberty is to
triumph, and the country is not to be divided; its
physical conformation forbids it. The interests
of the human race forbid that the tide of civiliza-
tion and of freedom should be rolled back for two
hundred years by the indorsement upon this floor
and the prevalence through the country of the
sentiments uttered here to-day for the encourage-
ment of rebellion.
This Union will be preserved for free labor and
free men. The power of that social institution
which inaugurated the rebellion for its aggran-
dizement and extension, and which still seeks to
exert its influence here through political sympa-
thy and political organization, has lost its hold
upon every loyal citizen. The day of grace has
been sinned away in the commission of crimes
against the Union, the laws, and the human race,
and by the irreversible decree of the American
people it must be destroyed.
I wish, Mr. Chairman, that we might never again
have uttered on the floor of thisHouse a speech
which is only worthy of being printed by order
of the rebel congress.
Mr. YE A MAN obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. ANDERSON, who said: I rise for the
purpose of personal explanation.
The CHAIRMAN. By a vote of the House
this bill has been made a special order, and noth-
ing that does not pertain to it can be discussed
except by consent of the committee. If there be
no objection, the gentleman from Kentucky will
be permitted to make a personal explanation.
No objection was made.
Mr. ANDERSON. While absent last week,
confined to my room by sickness, a member of
the House with whom I am totally unacquainted,
Mr. W. J. AlleXj of the State of Illinois, made
a speech.
I he CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will un-
derstand that it is in violation of the rules of the
: House to call members by name in debate,
j Mr. ANDERSON. The gentleman from !1H-
; nojs, then, I should say, made a speech which I
find published in the Congressional Globe of the
1 26th, in which I find the following language used
, in reference to myself. In speaking he says:
u Willi a cruelty quickened by public exposure, with hi 
avarice stimulated by the -uec^ of foimcr piHneiHK. and
; with a «lavi:-lt f-ubsemcncy to tho«e whose motive-. Tic de
nounced mi- many year* of his life, he h tnrned ioo<e upon
a rebellion-? people, who, whatever (heir sins nmv be. are
at leafct sincere in regarding him a< a monger. And when
a lew da}^ ago a member iiom New York [Mr. Fernando
Wood] Mibmitted a resolution calling for a committee to
ni'l'Mie into In** conduct, the Republican members of tins
Hotw>; aided by one of the President's rmiitarv appointees
iiom Kontuckj. [Mr.Anderson*.] to suppress Ihem-
vt'aiig.mon ; and it was suppressed."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am totally unacquainted,
with the gentleman from Illinois, and why U is that
he went outside of tho legitimate sphere of 1ns ac-
tion to make this attack upon rue I am unable to
state-, but I will inform the gentleman to-day that
thaf statement in reference to myself is false and
slanderous, without any foundation in fact.
1 will further inform the gentleman that I was
elected by as true, unflinching, sturdy Union men
