M54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
authorsofourpresentConstitution. I lookupon
-it and have been taught to reverence it as the most
beautiful, the most valuable system of govern-
ment that was ever devised by man; and that
Union is a Union to the extent of the powers
conferred in the Constitution of the United State's,
"and no further. Tell me the boundary of your
power: if you attempt to embark beyond that
Constitution, what protection is there loft to the
people of the several States, the State even which
the Senator from Ohio represents as wellasevery
other State; that it may be able to preserve its
right of St'at'e sovereignty as secured to it by this
very Union which is to be superseded, and for
the preservation of which the Union itself was
formed?
' The Senator from Ohio, in the remniks which
lie? has submitted upon this bill, has said that he
did not wish to subjugate these people, and he
denied our right to subjugate them. He was not
for subjugating thetn, and not for letting them into
the Union upon equal terms with the other States.
I put it to the Senator from Ohio if this bill itself
is not a subjugation of the people upon whom it
is proposed to operate. You provide that after
the suppression of this rebellion this provisional
governor may summon a convention to form a
constitution, not to amend the existing constitu-
tion but to form a constitution and to prescribe 
Mr. WADE. I presume they can take the one
they have if they like it better tn that shape.
Mr. CARLILE. Let the Senator wait a bit
and I will get his attention to this section of the
bill. That convention is to meet, a convention
composed of delegates alone who have sworn al-
legiance to the Constitution of the United States,
■who have taken upon themselves the solemn ob-
ligation which the.last Congress provided should
be taken by all holding office under the Govern-
ment of the United States in the act of July 2,18G2,
1 believe, that convention to deselected alone by
electors who have taken the onth of allegiance to
the United States; and yet if that convention does
not impose the restrictions which this hill seeks
to impose upon these Slates, it is lo be dissolved.
That convention is not to be allowed under this bill,
to adopt ifitclmosesa constitution republican in
form, but it must adopt certain provisions pre-
scribed in this bill; anil if they in the exercise of
the rights that belong to an unsubjugated people
refuse to adopt these provisions they are to be dis-
solved and dispersed, and the privilege of erect-
ing a government for themselves denied to them,
and they are to go out into the country, after
military resistance has ceased, after there is no
obstruction to the execution of the laws, after nil
the various machinery of this Government is
Working smoothly and quietly, and remain until
the President shall become satisfied that another
convention composed of subjugated delegates will
do what this bill declares they shall do before they
can ever resume the right of self-government and
have the-benefit of the civil administration of the
laws under that government which they have
formed for themselves. Ifl understand the word
"subjugate," no exertion of power that can be
conceived of by the autocrat of Russia or by apy
tyrant that ever sat upon a throne more c6m-
pletely subjugates a free people than this provis-
ion of this bill.
There isanrtther feature in connection with this
subject which the gentleman from Ohio and (lie
advocates of this hill seem to me to have entirely-
overlooked. The existence of the institution of
slavery in a State or any other domestic institu-
tion does not make the government republican or
anti-republican inform, it is nota governmental
power that recognizes the existence of any par-
ticular institution in a State. It is derived from
the legislative power, fro hi the law-malt i ng po wer; (
and will the Senator contend that the Istate of |
Massachusetts 
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The Senator
will pause.' The Senate will now take a recess
until seven o'clock.
BVUXliVU SESSION7.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p. m.,
and Mr. Anthony took the chair and called the
Senate to older.
joijuy hastings.
Mr. CLAIUC. I desire the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider Semite bill No, 274, for
the relief of John Hastings, collector of the port
of Pittsburg'.
Theie being no objection, the*bill was read a
second time and considered as in Committee of
the,Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Treasury, in adjusting the accounts of John
Haslings, as collector of the customs at the port
of Pittsburg, to give him credit for the sum of
$9,956 G2, the amount of the public money of
which he was robbed on the 10th of March, 1854,
while acting in that capacity.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
report.
Mr. WADE. I think we had better take up
the measure we were upon before the recess and
go on with it. '
Mr. CLARK. Give us half an hour for my
bills.
Mr. WADE. Very well; I will give you half
an hour.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw, the call for the
reading of the report.
The bill was reported to the Senate Without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, lead the third time, and passed.
MAJOR N. S. BtUSNTON.
Mr. ANTHONY, (the President pro tempore
having resumed the chair.) 1 move to proceed
to ihe consideration of Senate bill No. 328.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
328) for the relief of Major N. S, Brenton, a pay-
master in the United States Airoy* was read a
second lime, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It lequires the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury Department to allow
MajorN. S. Ijrenton, on the setllement of his ac-
counts, a cieditof $2,000,000 lor money in his
hands as paymaster in the Army, on board the
steamer Ruih, and destroyed by fire on the night
of the 4th of August, 1863.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the report be read.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 can state the circum-
stances, though the report is very hiief. This large
amount, of money was on board the steamer Ruth
in charge of* Paymaster Brenton. The steamer
was fired by n-bcl ineemlmiles at the tune they
determined to preveift the navigation of theMis-
Kissippi,and the money, which was in greenbacks,
was destroyed. A military commission and a
commission from the Treasury Department pro-
ceeded to the spot, examined the whole affair,
and have reported that the destiuction was com-
plete. The report of the Treasury commission
is with the report of the committee. It is pretty
long; but it was so large an amount that the com-
mittee examined it with greatcare. TheSenator
Irom Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] was kindenough
to.examine it after me, and We thought that the
prool was complete that every box containing the
money had been destroyed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The report is quite
lengthy. .. ;
Mr. ANTHONY. The report proper is quite
short, but it embodies the report of the commis-
sion appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the satisfactory
portion oi the- evidence. The commission was
appointed by the Treasury Department for the
purpose of examining it, and there cannot be any
doubt. No court would hesitate a moment to
say the property was destroyed.
Piie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secre-
tary lias sent, for the reooit. It is not on file.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not insist on the reading
of the report.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILIJAM H. JAMESON.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, the bill (S.
No. 23!)) for the relief of William H.Jameson,
a paymaster in the United States Army, was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It requires the propel ac-
counting officers of the Treasuiy Department to
allow Major William H.Jameson, on settlement
of his aceouiits, a credit of §9C9 14 for money
in his hands as paymaster in die Army, on boaid
the steamer Ruth, and destroyed by fire on the
night of the 4th of August, 1863.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to be erg.ussed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
john l. robinson.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask leave to make a re-
port. The Committee on Claims, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 460) for the relief of
Sarah Robinson, widow of Hon. John L. Rob-
inson, late United States marshal for the district
of Indiana, have directed me to report it back
without amendment and recommcnd its passage.
I ask for its presentconsideration. it will create
no debate. <
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com1
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill, which authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to credit to the account of Hon. John L.
Robinson, late United States marshal, with the
Department, the sum $675 for services rendered
by him in making preparations for the taking of
the census of I860; and in the legal adjudication
of his accounts as marshal, judgment thereon is
to be rendered only for the balance found to be
due, without any interest or penalties whatever.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have the report read.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wtTl explain.
Mr. GRIMES. I would rather hear the report.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there is no written
report. The person for the reliefof whose estate
this bill is reported was marshal of Indiana. In
that capacity he was required to commence the
preliminary proceedings for taking the census. He
did so; and it was in evidence that he performed
about one half the work of taking the census. He
then died. IIus successor was appointed and
completed the census. The money for taking the
census is paid in proportion to the amount of pop-
ulation and statistics, and the whole amount was
paid to the successor of Mr. Robinson, he re-
ceiving nothing whatever. This bill is to allow
his estate to be credited in the settlement of his
accounts. His estate is a debtor to the Govern-
ment, and this is to credit on ins account the com-
pensation due to him for the portion* of work
which ho performed in taking the census.
Mr GRIMES. I move to strike out the last
line of the bill m these words, " without any in-
terest or penalties whatever.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope that amendment
will not be made, it will not be just and right
to make the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES, it seems, from the report of
the Comptroller, that this man was indebted be-
fore his death to the United Steites Government
in the sum of $15,OQOand over. It is now claimed
that he is entitled to a credit of $600, as I under-
stand, or thereabouts, and this bill is to allow the
Comptroller to crcdithim with that amount. The
last clause says, that he shall be entitled to that
and judgment shall be rendered for the balance
due; and then it goes on and says that it shall be
rendered also without any interest or any penal-
ties, applying, as I understand the phraseology,
to the whole judgment.
Mr. H15NOIUCKS. No, sir; it applies to the
#600.'
Mr. GRIMES. Let the bill be read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. GRIMES. Strikingoutthe words "with-
out any .interest or penalties whatever" would
allow the court'to render judgment for the balance
due. The words are manifestly improper there.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in and ordered
to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY the title was
amended so as to read, " A bill for the relief of
the estate of John L. Robinson."
CHARLES A. riTCUEIt.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the bill (S. No.
338) for the relief of Chailes A. Pitcher was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It requires the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Charles A. Pitcher the sum
of ^5,000 tor damages sustained by reason of the
lull mgement of a patent on a machine for making
brooms, and the use of the same in the penitenti-
ary of tlie United States, from November 1, 1859,
to September 20, 18(j2.
Mi. MORRILL. 1 should like to have the re-
poi i read, it is a vei y short one.
Si.veial St-YATOiis. No, no; it is all right.
Mi. GRIMES. i should like to hear the re-
nulllend.
