1502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
blunt yet forcible reply of the old French mar-
shal to his superior officer for us? Have we not
had from time to time the predictions of Napoleon
during the past thcne years, but without a Mar-
shal Ney to say," I see no end to this business?"
But, Mr. Chairman, how do we stand in the
eyes of the civilized world to-day in waging a war
of subjugation and conquest against the confed-
erate States which have seceded from us and set
upagovernment of their own? Are we not incon-
sistent with all our former acts? Have we not
been early to admit this proper with regard to
others-? There never was a people on the face of
earth that demanded an independent Government
that did not have the sympathy of the American
people, and ought we now to shrink from the doc-
trine we have been so willing to apply (o others?
My earliest recollection is the appeal made by
Clay and Webster in behalf of Greece, in 1824,
when they so eloquently declaimed in that behalf,
on this floor and in the other branch of Congress.
Whether it was Greece or the States of South
America, or Poland, or Hungary, or Italy, or Ire-
land, the fact tiiata large country, for any cause,
demanded a distinct and separate Government,
always received the warmest sympathy and sup-
port of the American people, irrespective of pai ty.
Even as late as December, 1860, after Mr. Lincoln
was elected, and after the preliminary steps for
secession had been taken, the paper having the
largest en culation of any in the Republican party,
and having more influence than any other in the
formation of Republican opinion,declared that it
could see no reason why, if three million colonists
could separate from the Btitish Crown in 177G
that five million southerners could not sepaiate
from us in 1861- 1 have been as much puzzled aj
the distinguished Republican editor, Mr. Greeley,
to find—looking at it as a revolutionary i ight—the
difference tn position. Ought we to shrink from
the application of a doctrinc to ourselves which
we have been so willing to apply to other nations,
such as Austria, Russia, and Spain? If we do,
what will he the judgment of impartial history?
How much better it would have been for us and
for the cause of Democracy throughout the globe,
what a splendid tribute it would have been to a re-
publican Government, if we had parted in peace
with our dissatisfied sister States, as Mr. Everett
recommended as late as February, 1RGI, sustained
by such leading Republican journals as the Cin-
cinnati Commercial, New York Tribune, Indian-
apolis Journal, Chicago Tribune, New Haven
(Connecticut) Palladium, Columbus Journal,and
Salmon P. Chase, now Secretary of the Treasury,
and many otheis of that school. What in mo-
narchical countries had requued a longand bloody
war would have been accomplished by demo-
cratic ptineiples and a republican sense of jus-
tice. What a splendid proof it would have
afforded of the capacity of the people fur self-
government! What a noble lesson it would have
conveyed to the whole civilized world ! The fact
that we could rise superior to nil prejudices and
passions, and to have eonquercd-ourselves, would
nave been the highest triumph that we had ever
achieved.
1 regret as rmch, Mr. Chairman, as any gentle-
man upon, this floor, that any of our sister Slates
should have desired to cut asunder the ligaments
thatboimd them to us. None would be more will-
ing than myself to make any reasonable sacri-
fice to induce them to return to their partnership
with us; but still recognizing the truth of the doc-
trine taught by the fathers of the Republic and
bo fairly expressed by Mr. John Gtuincy Adams,
that oui Government was, after all, in the hca-it)
and that it would be better, severe as would be
the pang of u-gret, to part in friendship rather
than to hold sovereign States pinned to us by the
bayonet, as Mr. Greeley expressed it in 1801.
What advance have we made in the science and
principles of government?
Mr. Chairman, if we cannot rise above the
Austro-Russian principle of holding suhjectprov-
inces by the power of force and coercion, what
becomes of the Declaration of Independence, and
of ail our teachings for eighty yeais ? After all,
Mr. Chan man, it is nut the extent of territory
which should be the object of our desires. Hot-
ter sacrifice even nine tenths of the territory than
destioy our republican form of government.
What our people desired in 1S61, and which I
honored, though I regarded as mistaken, was the
preservation of the Government and the retention
of our jurisdiction of the whole territory. They
were rightly willing to sacrifice every material
consideration for that purpose. Land is nothing,
Mr. Chairman, compared to hbei ty. We existed
as aRepublic when the mouth of the Mississippi
was held by a foreign Power, whoirwe had noth-
ing west of that river; when Florida was held
against us; and we could exist again, if by the
chastisement of Heaven we should be curtailed to
our old territorial dimensions. For $15,000,000
we purchased the whole of that immense terri-
tory; and were it a hundred thousand times as
valuable its preservation would not be worth our
admirable form of government.
Pride of territorial ambition is a vulgar and low
ambition of national greatness. Russia, and even
China, can vie with us in that, but who would
not rather residem one of the cantons of Switzer-
land, or in Great Britain, than m those countries?
ft is not in the extent of territory we possess, but
in the manner in which we govern it that renders
us respectable. Many gentlemen seem rather to
look at the quantity than the quality. All re-
publics have been destroyed by the thirst of terri-
torial aggrandizement and the lust of conquest.
The great object of our Government should be
to develop and cultivate the internal resources
of those friendly to its jurisdiction, tathcr than
to extend it over hostile and foreign peoples. It
is in that character that true patriotism la to be
cultivated and true national glory found. Espe-
cially should all republics cultivate the arts of
peace, since it is by the war power that free Gov-
ernments are commonly ovei turned.
The charge has been made that democracy is
turbulent, wailikc, and aggiessivc, but if so, it
is a terrible misconception of its true interests, for
upon the people fall the awful cahimiti<is of at med
collisions. An eminent poet (Lord Byron) has
said that wai was a game which, if the people
were wise, kings and princes would never play
at. The venerable Dr. Fianklin, at the close of
his illustilous career, n-nuuked that there never
was a good war and a bad peace. We have made,
Mr. Chairman, by this war, eight million bitter
enemies upon the American continent. While
time shall last the recollections of this bloody strife
will never fade from the memories of the people,
North and South,but will bo handed down to the
latest generation. The words Shiioh, Antietam,
Gettysburg, Murfrecshoro', Richmond, Vicks-
burg, and Fort Donelson, are words of division
and disunion, and will serve to bring emotions of
eternal hate. If it was true, as was suggested by
a distinguished Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
in a speech in Portland in ld55, that he believed
" thatno two nationson earth hated each other as
much as the North and South,*5 how much more
true is the remark now after they'have been ar-
rayed in such bloody contests.
(Here the hammer fell.}
Mr. WASHBURN I£,of Illinois. As the speech
of the gentleman from Ohio is the key-note of the
Democratic party in the coming election, I hope
there will be no objection to his finishing his speech.
[Cries of "Order!"] It means recognition of the
confederacy by foicign Powers, and peace upon
terms of disunion. [Renewed ciies of'Order!"]
No objection being made,
Air. LONG proceeded; It is the object of the
sword to cut and cleave asunder, but never to
unite. What union is there between Russia and
Poland, between Austria and Hungary, between
England and Catholic Ireland, where tiie sword
I and the bayonet for centuries have been employed?
I Instead of conferring national strength, they are
I sources of weakness to the countries that hold them
: m subjection; and which would this day bestrong-
i er without them than with them.
Mr. Chairman, these lessons of history are full
of warning and example. Much better would it
have been for us in the beginning, much better
would it be for us now, to consent to a division
of our magnificent empire and cultivate amicable
relations with our estranged brethren, than to
seek to hold them to us by the power of the sword,
j Here let me advei t to the common yet perfectly
J glanng and apparent erior, that to part with our
{jurisdiction over eleven States involves the dc-
i stiucuon of our Government. The statement of
j the proposition demonstrates its absurdity. As
i well might one say, who had a farm of two hun-
I dred acres of land, that he had lost his title deed
to all of it because by some misfortune he had
parted with fifty. In losing the South, not one
function of our Government over us is suircn-
dered. It remains over us as completely sover-
eign as it ever did. Here let me say on the ex-
perience of my individual belief, that if it had
been understood in the North as in the South
that by the terms of the Federal compact a State
had a right to seeede from the Union, this disrup-
tion would never have occurred. Had the North
so understood the matter, there would have been
upon its part a forbearance from the exercise of
extreme measures, and a desire not to force the
southern States to the wall that would ever have
maintained the confederacy .unbroken. It was
the prevalence of the idea of the consolidationists
in the North, that the southern States had no
right to and would not secede, that tempted them
into that fatal policy that has sundered the con-
federacy.
It is said that no confederacy can exist by a
recognition of this principle; but such was not
the view of the fathers of the Government. It
was not the view of Jefferson and Madison in
their immortal resolutions of 1798 and 1799.
It has been said, Mr. Chairman, that it would
make a confederacy a rope of sand; but if so, it
is strange that the southern confederacy, where
it is recognized, should hold together through
such a bloody pressure as we have applied to it
for the last three years. It is a strange rope of
sand that endures all that.
But to return, Mr. Chairman. As will be judged,
perhaps, by the tenor of these rcmai ks, 1 am re-
luctantly and despondingly forced to the conclu-
sion that the Union is lost never to be restored.
I regard all dreams of the restoration of the Union
which was the pride of my life, and to restore
which even now I would pour out my heart's
blood, as worse than idle. I see, neither North
nor South, any sentiment on which it is possible
to build a Union. Those elements ofUmo.n which
Mr. Adams described have, by the process of time,
been destroyed. Worse,yea,worse than that, Mr.
Chairman, I am reluctantly forced to the conclu-
sion that in attempting to preserve our jurisdic-
tion over the southern States we have lost our
constitutional form of governmentover the north-
ern. What has been predicted by our wisest and
most eminent statesmen has come to pass; in grasp-
ing at the shadow we have lost the substance; in
striving to retain the casket of liberty in which our
jewels were confined we have lost those pieeious
muniments offreedom. Our Government, as all
know, is not anything resembling what it was
three years ago; there is not one single vestige of
the Constitution remaining;every clauseand every
letter of it has been violated, and I have no idea
myself that it will ever again be respected; revolu-
tions nevergo backward to the pointat which they
started. There has always been a large party in
this countiy fuvoiable to a strong or monarchical
Government, and they have now all the elements
upon which to establish one: they have n vast
army, an immense public debt, and an irresponsi-
ble Executive. Ambitious to retain power, he is
a candidate for reelection, and, as Commander-in-
Chief, it is charged (whether true or false I shall
not undertake to decide) that he has already used
the Army m the Florida expedition to advance his
chances of success. One of the generals he has
decapitated (General Fremont) has entered the
field to dispute his claim to a continuance in power;
and if the Chionicle of this city, the President's
organ, is corrcct in its construction of the sugges-
tions of the New York Herald, speaking of Lieu-
tenant General Grant, the question is already
mooted whether he, in certain contingencies, at the
head of the Army, would not be justified in assum-
ing the reins of Government.
The very idea upon which this war is founded,
coercion of States, leads to despotism. To preserve
a republican form of government under any con-
stitution, under the prevalence of the doctrines
now in vogue, is clearly impossible. These con-
victions of the complete overthrow of our Govern-
ment are as unwelcome and unpleasant to me as
they are to any member of this House. Would
to God the facts were such that I could cherish
other convictions. I may be denounced as dis-
loyal and unpatiiotic for entertaining them, but
il will only be by shallow fools and arrant knaves,
who do not know or will not admit the differ-
ence between recognizing a fact and creating its
