458
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
. February 2,
A man whom I delighted to honor in 1860 made
the same declaration. liefer to Stephen A. Doug-
las, of Illinois, for whom I voted for President.
In the last speech that he ever delivered he said
there were two parties, patriots and traitors; and
it is true to-day, and every man must take his side.
Rut, sir, the Union men coming from the dis-
trict that I do, having been persecuted and lwnted
down by these fiends m human shape, as I have
been because I would not turn traitor to my coun-
try, bein^ assaulted in the manner that I have
been, and having unjust and unfounded insinua-
tions made againstthem, and that too by an " un-
conditional Union man," I thought that it would
be unjust to myself and unjust to the people I
represent to submit silently to the imputation and
not hurl it back into the teeth of the gentleman
and tell him that it is false and untrue.
Now, sir, the armies of the Government arc
going to crush out this rebellion; the supremacy
of constitutional law will be upheld and main-
tained; the rebellion will be put down; and when
it is, then gentle peace will return to the homes
and firesides of this our once glorious and happy
countt y. And when the soldiers of the Republic
return, war-scarred, worn-down veterans as they
are, to their homes and firesides and find that men
have been engaged in persecuting and denouncing
them while they have been facing armed traitors,
then it is that the gentleman from Illinois may
look for his doom, because these soldiers will sink
him so low,in an infamy so profound, in damna-
tion so deep, that the hand of resurrection will
never reach him.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. Mr.Chairman, with the
permission of the committee, I desire to make a
very few observations in justice to myself, and not
in the light of a reply to what has fallen from the
member from Kentucky.
In his personal explanation, the member has
•exhibited sufficient courageousness to say upon
th is floor that I have made false accusations against
him and have placed him in a false position. I
perhaps ought to apologize to the House and to the
country that so much time should have been con-
sumed abontso unimpoi tant a matter, and if L had
known that it would have taxed the people to the
extentthatit has, the member's name would never
have escaped my hps or appeared in my printed
speech. .But, sir, 1 could not foresee what was to
follow. I charged, lie says, that he is one of the
military appointees of the President. He says he
is not. Ho says he is not acquainted with me. 1
am in the same condition with regard lo him. The
charge I made he says is not true. I reiteiatcit:
I say it is true. I am very well acquainted with
the gentleman who opposed the member from Ken-
tucky, the Hon. Mr. Trimble, of l?aducah,und
I am aware of the fact that that opponent of the
gentleman was under military auest until alter
the election. Does the member dare deny that?
Does he dare to deny that it was for the sole rea-
son-that he was a candidate in opposition to the
member that he was impi jsoned,and that the day
alter the election he was liberated without any
charge being brought against him or any proceed-
ings had in inference to tiiai or punishment ?
Mr. ANDERSON. Allow me to explain.
Mr. W.J". ALLEN". Doy^u denuthcchur«resr
Mr. ANDERSON. 1 want to explain.
Mr. TV. J. ALLEN. Well, you can explain
after I am th lough.
Mr. ANDERSON. I will explain afterwards.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. 1 decline to yield to the
member now. I have stated the facts. I have
them from the mouth of Judge Trimble himself,
and irom other gentlemen whose character and
veracity stand infinitely highei with ait men who
know them than the member from Kentucky; men
whose loyalty was never questioned, men whose
integrity is above suspicion, men whose moial
character is above reproach. He says tluit the
Lnmn people of southern Kentucky elected him.
I he U nion people! The nayonets were the Union
people that elected him. To be sure, he may have
received some Union votes; but, Mr. Chmvmau,
do you not recollect, is it not a fact with which
eveiy member of this House is conversant, that :
the order of General Hurlbut, issued at Memphis, i
went over to and was in force in Kentucky at the |
very time the election occurred? It is a fact in our '
public history. Those who were allowed to vote !
had to do .so in accordance with that ohler arid i
not otherwise. '
The remark has fallen from the lips of the m< m-
ber from Kentucky that he thinks 1 would make
a good representative d"\vn w iih J' fForson Davis,
and that we ought to abuse Jetferson Davis a
good deal more than we do. I have heard such
contemptible twaddle from similar sources be-
fore. Let me tell you, Mr. Chairman, that the
length and breadth and height and depth of the
Unionism of many men, of that member's profes-
sions, consist in the abuse of Jefferson Davis to a
much greater extent than in love for the Union
and in icvei ence for the Constitution of the coun-
try. It is there that they have logo for the record
of their Unionism. I have nothing to say m regard
to my own. I have entertained but one view with
icfeience to this war from its inception to the
present moment. That view has been made
known to my constituents from the very time of
the commencement of hostilities, and I am here,
by a free, untrammeled vote, backed up by a ma-
jority of mote than six thousand voters of my
disttict—given at a time, too, when such men as
the member from Kentucky were harping about
my having secession sympathies. I have nothing
but the most sovereign and profound contempt for
any such slang coming from any such quarter.
But, sir, I am threatened by the member from
Kentucky with the vengeance of the soldiers; and
in regard to that I desire to make this remark, so
that the country may understand it. He says
that I have charged the soldiers with being rob-
bers. Mr. Chanman, were any man of standing
or character to make such a remark as that I
should not content myself with denouncing it as
false, absolutely false. As it is, I will not even
put myself to that trouble. The remark which I
made, and which the member from Kentucky read
here, was that the spirit which entered into the
conduct and policy of this war made the soldier
do many things and offer insults which that hon-
est and brave soldier would instinctively have
shrunk from if left to act upon Ins own impulses
or ideas of right. That is the reading, the text,
the language, the spirit of what I said; and the
member fiom Kentucky has not criminal inge-
nuity enough, whatever other qualities in that
direction he may possess, to make my remarks
bear any other interpretation, i honor the soldier.
1 honor the man who went forward for the pui-
pose of putting down this rebellion. I houorthc
soldier and I honor the officer who obeys orders
looking to the restoration of the Union and the
putting down of the rebellion. I have said so
everywhere. I say so to-day. I nm not afiaid
to ti ust the honest soldier. He cannot be deceived
by such falsehoods as we have just listened to. 1
Itave talked with him in camp, talked with him
when he was at home on fuilough, and I under-
stand him and he understands me. 1 may be al-
lowed to say that the disti ict which I represent
has sent a larger percentage of men to the war
than any othei district in Illinois, though perhaps
not so large as has been sent by the Union people
of the southern district of Kentucky, which the
member claims to it-present! It may be that down
there in that Union-loving region, in that region
of Union men—a sample of whom we have had
an exhibition of in-day on this floor—a larger
proportion of the population has gone forward to
aid m putting down the lebellion than has gone
from my portion of tliel3t;ite; but I would like to 1
sco the evidence of it.
_ lie says that the people of his district had the
right to elect anybody they chose to represent
them in Congress. I have not had the opportu-
nity of seeing the returns fiom that disti ict lately. .
It would be somewhat curious to see how many
votes the membei received, although his chief'
competitor was held in bonds, surrounded by a
guard. The member Jiimself knows something (
about the surveillance o'f guards, for 1 believe that i
ho has had some experience of the kind, and that '
it is to the good offices of a system of exchange >
he owes the opportunity of being able to circu- '
late freely in this Hall to-day and manifest his j
base subserviency to his masters and hiscontempt I
for the popular will of his district. j
Now, sir, it is well known in my section of the [
State—for I represent a disti ict running down the I
Ohio, from fhe mouth of the Wabash to Cairo—
it in well known that the election in Kentucky was '
a mem fareo;^ everybody so speaks of it, espeoi- :
ally hi th.it < l)\\t a jmrticn ofKentuckv the mem-
ber hails from.
Again, he asks me upon this floor if I indorse ?
' a eestam resolution passed by a convention held j
1 ci Spiingfudd. Well, 1 do notexactly know what j
f! business he has to ask me any such question, but
if anybody else, any respectable gentleman seeks
to know my views about this matter, or any
body, however small, of respectable gentlemen,
I hope lie or they will selcct some other organ
than the member who has spoken this afternoon. .
I cannot see for the life of me what particular in-
terest that member has to know my views, and
I take it for granted, out of respect for the opposite
portion of the House, that the inquiry originated
with himself: certainly he could not have been
appointed by any respectable body of "men as
their medium for obtaining the information.
Now, sir, he asks me in reference to the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Smith,] whom 1 most pleasurably speak of as
being a gentleman.
Well, sir, I wdl be ftank and candid with re-
spect to this matter. I think there are more than
two parties in thia country. I think there are men
who do not belong to either one of the two par-
ties mentioned in the resolution of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Smith.] The great Dem-
ocratic party, with which I am proud to act, I
believe is the great Union party of patriots, and I-
am unwilling to believe that all those who are
opposed to it upon the other side of the House are
traitors. [Laughter.] I cannot believe any such
thing as that. There may be a sprinkling and
a pietty large sprinkling of them who are really
good Union men and good patriots, and I would
not like, therefore, with my views of patriotism,
to vote any such thing as that, or place them in
the company of the member from Kentucky, [Mr.
Anderson.] I do not include—I wish it to be
distinctly understood—by any means in that list
the member who has just spoken.
Now, sir, one other remaik in reference to a
matter personal to myself, and I have done. It
was least in my thought a few minutes ago that
this attack was to be made upon me. I was sit-
ting quietly at my desk writing a letter, and one
of the very best chaiacter, [laughter,] when my
attention was arrested by the remarks of the mem-
ber f>-om Kentucky, and 1 felt it due to myself
to notice them as 1 have done. I will add that
whenever gentlemen in this House think proper
to characterize the views that I entertain of this
Administration and its policy as tainted with
secession, I hull back such puerile insinuations
as absolutely false.
I am an unconditional Union man. I believe,
as I have always said, that the rebellion was un-
authorized by the Constitution, and that the Con-
stitution vested the Government with power to
put it down. 1 am willing to sustain, the Gov-
ernment in the execution of that duty which de-
volves upon it by the Constitution. "lam willing
to give it all the constitutional aid necessary for
that purpose, and I believe the Constitutiongives
the Government all the support, power, and au-
thority necessary to accomplish it.
The member says that I characterized that
portion of the House among which he seeks to
affiliate as not being Union men. I do, sir, and
whether the member falls in that category is per-
haps not important now to consider. I know that
many of the members on that side of the House
with whom he seenrm disposed to consort have
avowed upon this floor that they would not have
the Union restoied as it was; that they would
have no union with slavery; that they were sick
and tired of this talk about " the Union as u was
and the Constitution as it is." Sir, 1 say herein
my place that any man who entn tains suoh sen-
timents at this cutical juncture in the affairs of
the nation is in my opinion an enemy to the best,
the highest, and the dearest interests of the Gov-
ernment.
The Democratic party to which 1 belong stand
pledged to restore to the Union the States that
have endeavored to get out of it, with all their
constitutional rights unimpaired.
I must be pardoned for still one other remaik,
injustice to one who was the friend of my youth
and the pride of the nation. Sir, I do not like to
heai saciilcgious mouths talking about Stephen
A. Douglas. I do not like to hear those whose
chaiacteis aie a.-j far removed from bis as lightis
fi om djrkne.ss quoting him, or rather misquoting
him. Douglas was, it is (rue, opposed to the re-
