3456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1.
shall receive for such service such Reasonable
compensation as may be allowed to other carriers
in the ordinary transactions Of business.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. I feel myself called upon
in the absence of the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce to state that it was not expected
that this bill could pass at this session without
Considerable discussion and debate. It involves
very important questions, ajid the attention of
the Senate ought to be called to it. It is to reg-
ulate, and it is asserted on one side that it will
destroy the business of transporting passengers
on thfe Pacific coast entirely,as now constituted,
and will raise the price. It is contended 011 the
Other side that it will not have such an effect. I
did not myself, although I am a member of the
committee, anticipate that the bill would be taken
up and pressed during the present session; and
that, I think, was rather the understanding and
.expectation of the wholecommittee. They agreed
to report the bill to call public attention to it, and
expected, as it involved matters of-lhe greatest
importance, that it would not be passed through
the Senate without any notice being taken of it
and in an informal way in the absence of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce. As
the time has arrived for the other bill, I should
myself prefer, without meaning to prejudice this
bill at all, that we should proceed with the reg-
ular order.
- Mr. McDOUGALL. I am fl little surprised
at any objection being made to this bill. I was
informed—perhaps I may have been misinformed
—that there was no objection to this bill on the
part of the Committee on Commerce, and that
it was reported with their full assent. It has been
passed by the House of Representatives, and
passed without controversy. We make no change
with regard to the right of vessels to carry pas-
sengers between this side of the continent aiul the
side which I have the honor in part to represent.
It is giving force to a police regulation of some
fourteen years ago, and applying it as well to
Mexico as to Central America, changing none of
tfce rules except making such provident or par-
ticular provisions as will secure the enforcement
of the law. Some measure like this has been one
of great importance to tho people of the coast of
the Pacific, and 1 think of equal importance to the
people of the Atlantic coast; for it is from the
East to the West and again from the West to
the East that we maintain our intercommunica-
tion.
I myself have suffered great wrong. Hardly
any person who has been compelled to make
transits between the East and the West has not
Buffered great wrongs. 1 have traveled on a ship
where, by the law of Congress, they were not
entitled to carry more than fonr or five hundred
passengers,and have seen the ship crowded with
fifteen hundred; when, instead of having berths
to rest in', the decks were crbwtled, the passen-
gers piled about all parts of the ship, and stand-
ing up, so that in the day-time they could hardly
find room on the deck. The laws have not been
sufficient to lestrain this imposition of steam-
ship companies upon the people traveling between
California, Oregon, and Washington Territory
ami the States on this side.
There have been several attempts to remedy
this. It belongs particularly to the people of my
coast to see that there 18 proper legislation on
this subject, for we are most deeply concerned in
it; and no one lives on the shores of the Pacific
that does not look at the transit route sometimes
as a thing of hope, but more frequently as a thing
of dread—not only because of the perils of the
malarious influences of the isihmusand the south-
ern climate, but the fraudulent conduct of the
proprietors of steamships who crowd upon a ship
of the capacity of five hundred passengers fifteen
hundred or two thousand.
I say this bill, so well considered in the House
Of Representatives, went through a committee
there, passed through that House, has come here,
and has gone through a committee here. It is j
proper legislation that has been too long delayed.
I will content myself on this statement with 1
asking the vote of the Senate. Theie is not a j
Word, sentence, or term in this bill that is. not |
simply in the form of police regulation, beyond j
the provision that the regulation shall include j
Mexico as not a country contiguous, in the old !
legislation of 1855 the term "contiguous" was :
used, and Mexico bordering upon our territories
it was supposed that Mexico was not included.
Otherwise the provisions of the bill are only more
careful police regulations to enforce preexisting
laws. I trust the bill may be passed without
controversy.
Mr. CONNESS. I will consent to this bill
going over to-night, for the reason that it is by
the kindness of the honorable Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] that I was enabled to call it up.
That Senator will excuse me when I say that I
express with my colleague the greatest surprise
at the few words spoken by the Senatorfroni New
Jersey 011 this subject. That any Senatororany
person who loved humanity better than money
should hesitate to apply a remedy and cure to the
present evils concerning the transportation of pas-
senger from NewYoik toward California, where
thousands of lives are constantly suspended by a
thread over eternity that a great miser may be en-
riched, is v-ery surprising to me. I move that the
bill be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WADE. I move now to proceed with the
consideration of the reconstruction bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I appeal to the Senator
from Ohio to allow me just one minute. I have
in charge a bill involving only fifty-two dollars,
and I wish to put it on its passage.
Mr. WADE. It can be passed after this bill
is disposed of just as well as before. '
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think that bill
will get through short of three days.
Mr. WADE. I have myself half a dozen bills
like yours.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator decline
to yield ?
Mr. WADE. I think I must go on with this
bill or lose it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to present a report
from the committee of conference on the civil ap-
propriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the report.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses 011 the amendments to Ujr bill (II. It.
No. 527) making appropriations for sundry civil expense
of the Government for tin; year ending June 30, M)5, hav-
ing met, utter lull and free conference have agreed to rec-
ommend and do recommend to their respective House* as
folio w*:
That the Senate recede from their amendments num-
botodthirteen and thiity seven.
That the House recede fiom their disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate numbered one, two. three
twelve, twenty ami .1 half, twenty one, twenty-four!
twenty-live, thirty, and thirty-five, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede irom their disagreement to the
amendment of the Uoiho to the twenty-tl'md amendment
of the Senate, and agtee to the same.
That the H um  recede from their disagreement to the
eleventh amendment of the Senate, and jigree to the same
with an amendment «i  follow* : insert in lieu of said Ben-
ate amendment the following*
S'kc.2. Jhulbe it fuither cnadetK That a marble floor
similar to that ol the Congiessional Library or the Senate
vei-tibule s hull be eom-tmctcd in the old Hall of the House
of Representatives, using such marble as may be now on
hand and not other\vi<e icquired, and that suitable struct-
ures and raiitngH rdiall be theiein erected lor the reception
ami protection of statuary, and the same shall be underihe.
Hipervt-ion and direction of the ComuiifMoner of I'ubhc
Huildmgs ; and so much of the moneys now or heretofoie
appiopriated for the Capitol extension as may be necessaiy,
not eveeedoiL' the sum ol $15,000, is heiebv spt apart and
shall be d^bui^ed for tin; purposes heiembefore mentioned.
And the Pioident is heiebvauthonzed to invite each and
all the States t<> provide and furnish statue*, in marble or
bronze, not exceeding two m number for each State, of de-
eean'd persons who have been citizens thereof and illus-
trious for their historic renown orfiom distinguished civic
or military services, such av each State bhail determine to
be worthy of this national commemoiation; and when so
furnished the same shall be placed in the old flail of the
House of Representatives, in tho Capitol of tho United
Slates, which i< hereby set apart, or so much thereof as
may be necosaiy, as a national statuaiy hall, for the pur-
poses herein indicated.
That the House recede from their disagreement to so
much of the eighteenth amendment of the Semite as pro-
poses to insert words m lieu of the words stricken out. and
agree to tho same with an amendment as follows: strike
out the words pioposed to be inseited, and the Senate a<uee
to the same. °
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
twentieth amendment of the Senate and a^ree to the same
with an amendment as follows: insert in lieu of said Sen-
ate amendment the following:
For continuing the vvoik for the accommodation of the
students and inmates in said institution, in addition to the
appropriations heretofoie made, namely, for the purchase
ot a tract of impioved land, containing aboutthirteen acres
boiilrring nn Boundary street of tile city of Washington'
and adjoining the lot now belonging to the institution, to
enable it to instruct the male pupils in horticulture and
agriculture, and to furnish sites for mechanic shops and
other necessary buildings, ,$20,000: Provided, That before
the purchase ot the said thirteen acres is consummated,
the owner shall complete the title in fee to the premises
now held and occupied by said institution, by executing a
release or conveyance of I he remainder and reversions now
outstanding in him to the said institution.
JOHN SHERMAN,
EDGAR COWAN,
Managers on the pari of the Senate,
THADDEUS STEVENS,
GEORGE S. BOUT WELL,
W. P. NOBLE,
Managers on the pat t of the House.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
explain the amendments. The reading of the
report affords no information.
Mr. SHERMAN. JThe Senate recede from their
thirteenth amendment, which related to draughts-
men in one of the Departments, and also from the
thirty-seventh amendment, the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] providing for the publication of the Opin-
ions of the Attorneys General. We found the
House conferees indisposed to adopt that amend-
ment, and the Senate recede. The House recede
from their disagreement to several amendments
of the Senate, and among them the one providing
for a certain light-house on Lake Michigan.
In regard to the Washington aqueduct we found
a decided difference of opinion. In order to rec-
oncile it at all, both the House and Senate recede
from the appropriation for the Washington aque-
duct, so that the till contains no appropriation
for that work. The House insisted that it should
be expended in a certain way, and the Senate
amendment provided for its general expenditure
on the old plan. The result is that we drop the
appropriation.
The appropriation for the deaf and dumb asy-
lum was adjusted by appropriating a sum suffi-
cient to buy the grounds, thirteen acres, and aban-
doning the appropriation for building the house.
The appropriation for the Portland custom-
house is retained.
I believe these are the most important amend-
ments disposed of by the action of the conference,
and the only ones probably in which Senators
take any interest. In the main the amendments
of the Senate have been agreed to.
The report was concurred in.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WADE. I now move to go on with the
regular order, upon which the Senator from Vir-
ginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. With the assent of the Sen-
ator from Virginia, I wish to state that 1 havein
charge a bill for continuing the publication of the
Congressional Globe. 1 have been trying for a
fortnight to get it under the consideration o>f the
Senate, and I should like very much to go on with
it this evening. If thatcannot be done, I should
like to take it up and make it the special order
for to-morrow.
Mr. WADE. Make it the special order for
any time you please. We are not to ajjjou'rn
until these things are all through. Why these
motions?
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 move to proceed to the
consideration of that bill with a view to make it
the special order.
Mr. WADE. Very welt.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
421) to pay in part for publishing the debates of
Congress, and for other purposes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that it be made the
special order for to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Senators around me say, "Make it the special
order for twelve o'clock to-night." If it is the
intention of the Senate to sit 1 should prefer that
decidedly. ["Oh, no!"] I move to make it the
special order fur to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. HALE. I think it is too late in the ses-
sion to be making special orders forti bill of this
sort at tins time. I ask for the yeas and naya.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would rather withdraw
the motion than have the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is withdrawn. The bill is before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I withdraw the motion if
the yeas and nays are called.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate on the order of the Senate, and
