1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
bellion, but while opposed to the rebellion, it is
also true that he was opposed to the Black Re-
publican party. He was opposed to making war
upon the institutions of the southern States. lie
was for putting down this rebellion. He said in
his last speech, save one, which he made at the
capitol at Springfield, that the moment the char-
acter of the war was changed to one of aggres-
sion, to a servile war, and to a war upon the in-
stitutions of the South, he would fly to the rescue
as quickly as any man in the country. That is
the sum and substance of the speech. The mem-
ber cannot quote the name of Douglas m making
war upon the Constitution and the laws.
I have said, perhaps, more than I ought to have
said. Lest, however, there may be some solici-
tude on the part of those who telegraph for the
papers, as I have been charged with falsehood, I
will add that I shall have no personal controversy
unless strictly on the defensive. I cannot consent
in justice to my own character to pay further at-
tention to the characterless member from Ken-
tucky. 1 have said what I have for the vindica-
tion of myself and those who act with me. This
is the last of it.
Mr. A. MYERS obtained the floor.
Mr. ANDERSON. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me fifteen minutes to reply.
Mr. ANCONA. I think that we have had
enough of this.
Mr. STROUSE. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman has
not the floor to make that motion.
Mr. YEAMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I only yielded to my colleague, and did not give
up the floor entirely.
The CHAIRMAN. If that bo the case, then
the gentleman from Kentucky is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. ANDERSON. Will my colleague yield
to me ?
Mr. YEAMAN. I will with the conscntof the
committee.
Mr. PERRY. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can yield
unconditionally to his colleague.
Mr. YEAMAN. I yield to him and to all others
who want to debate it.
The CHAIRMAN. This is a special order,
and debate must be confined to it unless by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. ANDERSON. I ask unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. ROBINSON. I object, unless it is agreed
on the other side of the House that my colleague
may reply if he chooses. [Cric^ of "Agreed!"
from the 'Republican side of the House.]
Mr. PERRY. I object.
Mr. ANDERSON. I obtained the floor for the
purpose of making a personal explanation. I did |
not intend to carry the war into Africa, but only j
into Esypt, from which the gentleman from Illi- j
nois comes. i;
Mr. HARRINGTON. I object to any further
personal controversy. |!
Mi. A.MYERS again obtained the floor, and ;
yielded to ;«
Mr. STROUSE, who moved that the committee 11
rise. J
The motion was agreed to. I
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having ^
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawus reported that the ,;
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union ^
had had under consideration as aspecial oider the i;
bill (S. No. 36) to amend an act entitled "An act j
for enrolling and calling out the national forces, ■
and for other puipuses,"approved Maich 3, IbG3, ^
and had come to no resolution thereon. I
COMMITTED ON ^ATEOXAL AltMOKY. i
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed the following mi'inb^iaas the select ruin-
miltee on a western national aimoiy: MkKul-
logct of Michigan, Mi. Mo o an lad, Air. 0 N kill
of Ohm, Mr. Arnold, M r. 1)awuc, Mr. McDow-
ell, Mr. Randall of Kentucky, Mr. Loan, and
Mr. Eld rid or..
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Superintendent of Pub-
he Printing in regard to the agricultural report; i
which was K-fciied to the Committee on Agn- ,
cultme. i
NAVY REGISTER.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printiiiff, icported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Ttaolrcd, That there be printed for the u«s  of the House
two thousand five hundred copies of the Navy Registerfor
the year ISuL
MISSISSIPPI AND TIDEWATER CANAL.
Mr. DAYIS, of New York, asked leave to in-
troduce the following resolution;
Whereas the President of the United States, in virtue of a
joint resolution o! tin; TliutY-Sevcmh Uongiess, appointed
Colonel Ciiaiks H. Stumt, civil engineer, u commissioner
to examine the canal between theMi^-is^ppi and tide-water
on the cartel n coast, with a view to a more peifect water
communication:
Resolved, That fhe p;ud commissioner be requested to
report to this House the lesnlwof the examination made
by him in eonlonnity with said joint resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
And then, on motion of Mr. T3AXTER, (at a
quarter past four o'clock p. m.,) the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 3, 18G4.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, m answer to a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 26th of January, copies of ordci s issued
by military authouty concerning elections in the
States of Kentucky, Missouu, Maryland, and
Delaware; which was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Postmaster Gen-
eral, transmitting, m compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 22d of December, 1863,
information in lelation to the failure of the mails
between die cities of Washington and New York.
Mr. yUMNER. I had the honor to offer the
resolution refeircd to in ihat communication some
time ago, and 1 am glad that we at last have an any
swer to it. I move that the answer be printed for
the use of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices nrul Post Roads.
The motion was agiecd to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY presented eight petitions of
mihtai y stoiek« epei s in the United States Army,
praying for the passage of an act conferring on
them tlie lank, pay, and allowances of captains
in their respective departments; which were rc-
feired to the Committee on Military Affans and
the Militia.
Mr. COLL AMER presented a petition of fifty
citizens of YVimont, praying for the emancipa-
tion of all pei sons of African descent held to m-
voluntaiy service or labor in the United States;
which was refeircd to the select committee on
slavery and fm-drnt n.
[to also presented a petition of twenty-one
women of Vermont, praying for the emancipation
of all persons of African descent held to involun-
tary service or labor in the United States; which
was tele.led to the select committee on &la\ery
and lieedmen.
Mr. CO WA N presented the memo rial of Charles
B. Ford, of Kenosha, Wisconsin, praying for re-
lief against the opeietionof the "Ad to piomote
the process of the useful ai ts," appioved March
3, 16G3; whi'-h was icuired to tfie Committee on
Patents ant! the Patent Oii'.ee.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a inomou.d of a
large number of (itiz^ns of Boston, chiefly Ger-
mans. protesting against the propose! system of
ieconsinmlioit by tlm President of the United
States, and calling upon Congress to make arrange-
ments whh'h will render the rebels politically
ba'-miess until a well-regulated condition of the
seced'd States has been "secured . 1 ask lhat the
memorial may be lcfurred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. POWELL presented the petition of Wa-
ters & Fux, and others, importers, merchants,
■ and dealers m castor oil, and producers of castor
i seed, praying for a reduction of the duty on cas-
tor seed; winch \\«v. i'-leiied (o the Coimniilee
on Einame.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial1 of
R. Gregg & Co., and others, protesting against
an increase of the tax on spirituous liquors retro-
spective in its action; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
MILITARY AFFAIRS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask leave to
submit to the Senate a memorial signed by some
three hundred loyal citizens of Harrison county
in the State of Missouri, setting forth the griev-
ances under which they now labor—grievances of
a most oppressive and humiliating kind. It is as
follows:
To the Honorable the Senate and House of Representatives:
We, youi memorialists, citizens of Harrison county and
State oi Missouri, men who have always been loyal and
true to the Government of the United States, would icspect-
fully represent that in this county and in many other parts
of this State founer imhtia companies that have shown
cveiy anxiety to have tins unholy rebellion put down, and
who were iri favor of i restoring ponce to our distiacted
State, have been mustered out of the service and deprived
of their arms, while rebels and rebel sympathizers (men
who have been loud in then denunciations of the Federal
and State Governments) are organized to fill their places.
We, your memorialists, who have the interest of the
whole country at heart, feel justly the insult thus offered,
and, as there is no difficulty m the enforcement of the civil
law, piay for such action at your hands as will hereafter
prevent the armingofthe disloyal population and returned
fugitives ju the mid^t of loyal men, and that such troops
may no longer be permitted to organize in this county or
State; and investigation of these matters is asked.
And, as in duty bound, we will ever pray.
HOWARD T. COMBS,
JOHN GRUOIIER,
J. W. CAREBOiVT,
JOSEPH F. HltYANT,
T H. TKMPLUMAN,
llev. S. G. ANDERSON,
And about three hundred others.
Mr. President, let me say here in explanation
that the county of Harrison is one of the most
loyal in the State, one situated near the Iowa line,
one that has never had but four slaves in it if I re-
member aright, and has been coircspondingly res-
olute to maintain the Govei nment and put down
the rebellion. The three hundred loyal citizens
who concur in this memorial set forth, however,
that the rebellion has virtually put them down; that
they stand disarmed and disbanded, in presence
of their wives and children, while rebel sympa-
thizers, noted as such, or at least believed to be
such by them, and to have no hearty sympathy
with the national Government, are made their
custodians. All this, if my advices arc correct,
has been done under the direction immediately of
the district commander, General Guitar, who has
been keptin command of the northern halfof Mis-
souri for many months past, in defiance of the al-
most universal protest of the loyal men of that sec-
tion. Nor do I hazard anything m saying that,
so odious has he made his rule, it has required
an armed force, such as he has gathered there, to
protect him in Ins person and his peregrinations.
Without going further, however, into the dis-
cussion of matteis of complaint at present, it will
suffice for the purpose I now have in view to say
that among the leading causes of animosity cn-
tciturned by the loyal citizens of noith Missouri
were, fust, a system of vindictive arrests of those
conspicuous for their devotion to the cause of free-
dom, and, secondly, conduct at variance with the
regulations proscribed for the government of our
armies, m seizing and returning into slavery, or
permitting to be returned into slavery to disloyal
claimants, coloied prisons actually employed as
teamsters for the regiments. I do notrepose these
citations upon my own knowledge or assertion,
but submit herewith, nnd to accompany this me-
morial, the affidavits I hold in my hand, which set
foith specifically instances in which the wrongs
were perpetrated. They arc marked one and two
and three and four.
And now let me say in conclusion, Mr. Presi-
dent, that believing such offenses should not be
permitted to pass without SMUtmy, fust to ascer-
tain then truth, nor without lebuke afterwards to
prevent their repetition m the same or other States,
I desire to refer these papers to the jointeommit-
tee on the conduct of the war. It is, 1 believe,
in contemplation by that committee, and if not,
certainly it will devolve on them as a duty, to
investigate the conduct of affairs m the depart-
ment of Missouri, and I cannot but think that if
transactions shall appear such as these glanced at
—violative at once of citizen liberties and Army
iemulations—they will not hesitate to present a
