460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
report such as will demand a dismissal from the
service of all officers guiltily implicated; nor can
I doubt, furthermore, that all officers so presented
will be dismissed by the proper authority in def-
erence to public opinion. I believe, sir, that the
recent change in departmentcommandersin Mis-
souri, if followed up by a change in policy such
as will no doubt suggest itself to the very able and
sagacious general placed there, svill right much of
this wrong that has been complained of and re-
store a harmony that should never have been in-
terrupted; and so trusting, I shall close my state-
ment- in this behalf by asking that the memorial
and accompanying affidavits may be referred to
the ioint committee of the two Houses on the
conduct of the war.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope that reference will
be made, and that the committee on the conduct
of the war will take up and thoroughly investi-
gate the opeiations of the military department of
Missouri. I say this because my State has had
several regiments in the field in Missouri, and
they have fallen under the influence, and, as I be-
lieve, the evil influence of that department, and
many of the most prominent men have written
to me concerning the maladministration of affairs
in that State, i have a large number of letters
from men of intelligence from the State of Min-
nesota who are now in Missouri attached to the
military department in that State, complaining in
the most bitter terms of the whole management
of that military department. I believe that if it
shall be carried on in the future as it has been
managed in the past it will have a tendency to
demoralize the troops and to render them of very
little effect in suppressing the rebellion or restor-
ing order in that State. 1 am very glad that the
Senator from Missouri has brought up this mat-
ter in the shape that lie has, and I trust that the
committee on the conduct of the war will give it
that attention which the importance of the cast'
requires.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The papers will
be referred to the joint committee on the conduct
of the war.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill
(S.No.81) to amend the charter of Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.38)
relating to members of Congress, reported it with
amendments.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 51) amendatory of and
supplementary to "An act to provide circuit courts
for the districts of California and Oregon, and for
ether purposes," approved March 3, lBfr'i, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom were re-
ferred sundry petitions and memorials concerning
the enrollment act, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 85) to provide for the
examination of certain officers of the Army, ic-
ported it with an amendment.
_ Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred a hill (H. R.
Wo. 144) to indemnify the owners of the British
schooner Glen, reported it without amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Edwaid C. Doian, submitted a report accom-
panied by a hill (S. No. 94) to authorize the set-
tlement of the accounts of E. C. Doran.
The bill was read and parsed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to he printed.
COMMITTEE SJSItVICE.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I will state that there is a
vacancy in the Committee on the Judicialy occa-
sioned by the resignation of the Senator from Dela-
ware, (Mr. Bayard.) 1 move that the President
of the Senate be authorized to fill that vacancy.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 here are two vacancies upon
the Committee on Pensions, one occasioned bv
the death of the late Senator from Virginia, (Mr.
Bowden,) the other in consequence of the Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Pomkhuy] having been ex-
cused from service on the. committee at his own
request. I move that the President of the Senate
be authorized to fill those vacancies.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Foot
and Mr. Brown to fill the vacancies upon the
Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Vice
Piesidcnt was authorized to appoint a member on
the Committee on Commerce to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the death of Hon. Mr. Bowden.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Lane,
of Kansas.
CHARGES AGAINST MR. HALE.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the report made by the
Committee on the Judiciary on the 1st instant,
upon the resolution instructing them to inquiic
whether Mr. Hale had been guilty of any im-
proper conduct in connection with thecaseofone
Hunt, charged with crime bydnection of the War
Department.
The report was agreed to; and the committee
was dischaigcd from the further consideration of
the subject.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. MoPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (No. 199) to facilitate
the payment of bounties and arrears of pay due
for the service of wounded and deceased soldiers;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message farther announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and
signed, on the 26th of January, a bill (H. R. No.
65) to change the place of holding the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the district
of West Tennessee, and for other purposes.
And that on the ,29th of January he had ap-
proved and signed a bill (II. R. No. 33) making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the yeai
ending the 30th of June, 1865.
PIER NEAR LEWES.
Mr. SAULSBURY submitted tjie following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to iiiqiitu: into lin: expediency or nece-isuy of conducting
a pier near oi opposite to the town of Lew m the Staic
of Delaware, for the pioteouou of vessels n.ivi^Uhig the
Del.ivvaie hay and river.
HILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to intioduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 22) in reference to lands belonging
to certain States; which was read twice by its title,
and refeited to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WADE, in pursuance of previous notice,
ssked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 93) to repeal so much of the acts of Congress
approved March H, 18-15, and August 6, 1846, as
authoiizethe tianspnit;\iion of goods imported
from foieign countiies through the United States
to the C.tnadas, oi fioin the Canadas through the
United States to be exported to foreign countries;
which was read twice !>y its title, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
HOUSE HILL REFERRED.
The bill fiom the House ofRepresentatives (No.
199) to facilitate the payment of bounties and ar-
rears of pay due for the service of wounded and
deceased soldiers, was tead twicc by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Militaiy Affairs and
the Militia.
ENLISTMENTS IN TIIE A It MY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There being no
further business of the morning hour, wiih the
unanimous consent of the Senate the Chair will
lay befoie it the unfinished business of yesterday,
which is the hill (S. No. 41) to piomote enlist-
ments in the Army of the United States, and foi
other purposes, the pending question being on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Hekdersoy.]
Mr. CARLILE. I move that the further con-
sideration ot that bill be postponed until to-mor-
row.
The motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up for consid-
eration the bill (S. No. 30) to establish a uniform
system of ambulances in the armies of the United
States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make no objection to
that if it will not take time; but I was about to
suggest to the Senate that if all the Senators were
ready to consider the question now, 1 would move
to take up the bill for the increase of the revenue,
which 1 reported yesterday. 1 shall not, how-
ever, urge it now if any Senator desires that it
shall be putoff another day, inasmuch as the bill
has just been laid upon Senators' tables. IfSen-
ators are all ready for the consideration of that
bili, the sooner we take it up and act upon it the
better for the revenue and for the country; and if
no SentUor suggests that more time is desired, 1
submit to my friend from Massachusetts whether
he had not better withdraw his motion and let me
move to take up that bill.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly, if the Senator from
Maine desires to take up to-day the bill reported
from his committee I shall most cheerfully give
way for that purpose. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to take up
House bili No. 122.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.R.
No. 122) to increase the internal revenue, and for
other purposes, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The Secretary read the bill at length.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The bill is now before the Senate,
and is open to amendments. The amendments
reported from the Committee on Finance will first
be considered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before proceeding to thc^
consideration of the amendments proposed by the
Committee on Finance to this bill, it maybe well
enough for inc to say a few words in explanation-^
of the views which governed the committee in
ptoposing their amendments to the bill. I shall
endeavor to make what I have to say as brief as
possible, because I presume the question is one
which Senators can readily understand without
much explanation on my parr.
The Committee on Finance in considering this
bill did not suppose they had anything to do other
than to determine, as well as they could, what
action it was best to take in order to benefit the
revenue as much as possible, having in view at
the same time the inteiests and the feelings of the
community at large, and doing as little damage as
possible to the business of the country. Iirthis
view they did not feel that they had any right to
consider any question outside of those. They
determined that they would consider the question
of distilled spirits piecisely as they would any
other article of commerce; that it was not their
business to look at it in a sumptuaiy point of view,
or with reference to any opinions that might be
entertained in the community with regard to the
question of tempeiance or otherwise. ' Oui laws
recognize distilled spit its as an article of traffic,
as an aitiele upon which it is proper to levy a tax
for the benefitof the Government and the people;
thus recognizing its existence as an article of mer-
chandise, and to be treated, therefore, as all other
aiucles of merchandise are. Neither did they
consider that they weie bound to inflict punish-
ments upon any class of the community.
_ Much has been said with reference to specula-
tion and speculators, and a desire to punish specu-
lators foi their action in reference to this subject
within the lust few months. For myself, sir, lam
rather inclined to consider epeculatois, as a g« n-
eral rule, as a very useful part of the community.
They are engaged in one particular branch of
business, or in a particular mode of carrying on
business; they bring their capital, if they have any,
to bear upon it; and theiri( speculations," as they
are called, are mercantile enterprises. At any rate,
the committee did not feel inclined to go into the
question of whether good or harm had"been done
by them; but simply to recognize the subject as
one before them for their consideration, with the
single view, as I said before, to see how far an
additional revenue could be derived fiom the at ti-
de itself, and, as I before remai ked, with as little
injury or^ oppiession to the community or any
bianch of business as possible.
It will be remarked that the first amendment
which we have made is one grading the tax in
