8458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
TJmon,-and with the knowledge of the further feet that this
has all b« en cau-ed by .-Ja.v>uy, th*  parry of which you,
gentletnfiiij sue the delegated and honored representatives,
will fall *hon of accomplishing its great minion unless
among its other resolves it s-haU declare for-itch an atn«nd-
iwnt of the Constitution as wilt positively prohibit Alncan
slavery ia the United States."
Eight years ago a party was to be formed to
conduct this Government on the principles of
Washington and Jefferson 1 Oh, Mr. President,
if the spirits of the departed dead were permitted
to hear the utterances of the Senator they would
be prepared to exclaim, "O liberty, what crimes
are committed in thy name!" , Sir, can you con-
duct a Government' upon the principles estab-
lished by Washington, who warned you in his
dying legacy against the formation of sectional
parties? The objects of your party that you were
seeking then to establish were such that you could
not get a candidate on your ticket from any one
State in one entire section of this Union. You
were then ensued m ifie organiz-ition and form-
ation of a |wrty which Washington told yem
would destroy the Union that he firmed ; and tile
object for which the Senator and those who acted
Willi him were to fight not only all summer but
as long, I presume, as tin; flunking process could
be earned on, was to destroy the Constitution in
that particular which left to the Suites the right
and which enjoined upon this Government the
duty of protecting them in the exercise of that
right of regulating for themselves their own in-
stitutions. Until that convention sat I never did
feel a fear about the ultimate result of this strug-
gle. I still believed and hoped that the Union
would be restored, and that such would be the
result of the efforts that l ad been made. But,
Bir, the party in power has committed itself to
limning; the jurisdiction of the United States to
the States winch prohibit African slavery. They
have committed themselves against the Union.
They have declared that no State shall he a mem-
ber of the Union unless it surrenders the right of
self-government, which the Union in whose name
this battle is being fought secured to the people
of each and every Slate,
Thus we have a patty, a powerful parly, a
pai ty wieldnigall the powers of this Government,
pledged against the union as the Constitution
made it; and if this bill passes and becomes a law,
It will be a declaration on the part of the Congress
of the United States in favor of that same line of
policy which tins party eight yeais old was
ibrmed to secure and fasten upon this country.
Now, 1 beg gentlemen, whose patriotism I be-
lieve is not to be absorbed by tlieir party feeling
to the destruction of all the higher interests of the
country, to lemember that they are now in power,
but they are there by a minority of the votes ol
the people of'ilus country. Then success is owing
to a division among the people who weie opposed
to them, and m ilu; non-slaveliolding Slates alone
they hud but a bare majority. Theie was a pow-
erful minority behind them m 18G0. There is to-
day a powcit'ul minority behind them, if not a
majority. That minority is entitled to consulta-
tion, and its opinions are entiUed to respect by
those who wield the powers of tins Government
now. History tells us that no civil war wasever
successful where it was carried on by a divided
and distracted people. No party war, therefore,
can be successful in this struggle. Unless all his-
tory is a lie, that fact commits you to an interm-
inable war or an abandonment of the contest.
Tins bill commits you to an interminable war, a nil
not only to a change of government for the peo-
ple of the States over winch you propose to ex-
ercise this arbitrary authority, but it deprives
your own people and your own States of the lib-
erties the Government was intended to secure to
tin m. Where, sir, is the liberty of the citizens
ol your States to-day? Even in Rhode Island,
not oni! of the citizens of your State [Mr. An-
thony in the chair] can claim to enjoy to-day
Ills light to peisoual liberty by virtue of the Con-
stitution and the laws of the land. He enjoys it
only by the sufferance of the party in power. He
is liable at any moment to be tapped on the shoul-
der by a provost marshal or a gentleman with
regimentals upon him and carried off to one of the
prison# of tin land which no key known to I he
jaw ean unleck. Such a war fur such a pui pose
ijivoJves to the people waging it the destruction
of their own hberi its, the exhaustion of their own
resources, liiid the impoverishment of the nation
I have said that the provisions of this bill as-
sume to Congress the power to prescribe a State
government forthepeople of the rebellious States.
Nay, more, it assumes the power not only to de-
prive the people of their own State government
and reduce them to the character ol subjugated
provinces and a subjugated people, but it goes
further and prohibits that people from ever en-
joying the right of self-government unless they
adopt for their organic law the particular provis-
ions contained in this bill. This bill not only
assumes to declare these people without the pro-
tection of the Constitution after the suppression
of the rebellion, to deprive them of their rights
under the Constitution in time of peace, but to
continue them in a condition of territorial vassal-
age until they grant to you the right to form for
them a State constitution. It assumes to provide
the qualifications of electors. It prescribes who
shall be elected, and by whom. It gives to the
governor which it assumes to appoint the right
to disperse a convention assembled for the form-
ation of a Slate government. it makes him the
presiding officer of that convention, and arrogates
to this Government the right to create govern-
ments within the Stales. All these provisions, I
again repeat, are to be exercised in a tune of pro-
found peace, when all military opposition is re-
moved, when theie is nothing to prevent the
peaceful enforcement of the Constitution and your
laws made in pursuance of it, when the State gov-
ernment which existed prior to the rebellion
springs at once into life and full force to spread
its protection over its people.
But it is contended that under the power to
guaranty to each State a republican form of gov-
ernment you may assume the right to govern them
through whom you send there and claim to call
a governor. The very provision under which
you claim this power makes it your duty to pro-
tect each State in a republican form of govern-
ment, to guaranty to each State its existing gov-
ernment; and you make this power an excuse, a
pretext, to establish an anti-republican govern-
ment, a government of one man who is to be sub-
ject to your will and not the will of the people
whom he governs—a single mind not selected by
the people to be governed, but selected by you;
and to him are the interests and the destinies of
this people confided. To him you propose to
give the power to abiogati: the laws of the States.
To him you give the power to fine in « sum not
less than $1,500 nor more than §2,000, and to im-
prison for not. less lhan five years nor more than
twenty years any citizen of the State over which
he presides who attempts to avail himself of the
i ights secured to him by the laws of his State. Sir,
a more monstrous proposition than this never lias
been presented to any deliberative body claiming
to represent the people since the foundation of the
world. Lo"k at one of the sections of this bill
which authorizes this governor to abrogate the
constitution at the State, and to try, convict, and
condemn as a criminal one who attempts to assert
his lights under the laws of his State. And yet
this is done m the name of a Constitution which
it has been said and which did for nearly three
quarters of a century protect the people of the
States m the enjoyment of all the lights and lib-
erties consistent with our nature.
But, Mr. President, this bill is but a fair sequel
to a bill which was passed some two years ago.
Then this power was claimed to be derived from
that clause of the Constitution which gave to
Cougiess the right to admit new States into the
Union. Wwstein Virginia, a portion of the State
of my nativity, resisted herself, and not as has
been stated repeatedly here ami elsewhere was
enabled to resist by the power of the armies of
this Government, but she resisted herself the act
of her State declaring it no longer a member of
the Union. She maintained the constitution of
the State. She maintained her position within
the Union. She never was conquered by the arms
of this Government, and she was never main-
tamed in the Union by military force. She took
her position and maintained it for months, claim-
ing her right to cull upon thisGovernmenttopro-
tect her from those who were attempting to over-
throw the State government which her people
had adopted. She came to Congress two years
ago with a constitution asking admission into this
Union. What was her reception? She was
turned from yourdoois; her people were told that
admission into this Union could not be obtained
unless they surrendered their right of self-govern-
ment in two particulars.' They were required to
strike from their constitution one ofits provisions,
and they were required to insert another and a
different provision, Congress thus assuming un-
der the clause of the Constitution which author-
izes the admission of new States the right to cre-
ate a State. Nowhere is that power given to this
Government.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia to give way to allow me to make a confer-
ence report.
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly.
KAILROAD TO TUB PACIFIC.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask leave to make a report
from a committee of conference.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report of
the committee of conference on the bill (H. R.
No. 438) to amend an act entitled "An act to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes,"
approved July 1, 1862; but was interrupted by
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a very important
report. The Senate, 1 apprehend, is not under-
standing it from the reading, and 1 think we
should understand it better if the chairman of the
committee of conference would explain to us what
the bill is. It is very lengthy, and I have been
trying to understand something about it and find
it very difficult to do it. I wish the chairman
would explain to us what the report is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hen-
dricks in the chair.) The Chair hears no ob-
jection to that course, and the further reading of
the report will be dispensed with.
Mr. HARLAN. The chief point of difference
between the Senate and the House of Represent-
atives was in relation to the character of the bonds
to be used by the companies respectively in con-
structing their roads. The Senate proposed that
the companies should issue their own bonds to
the amount of $24,000 a mile on parts of the roads,
$48,000 a mile oil other parts of the roads, and
$96,000 a mile on the more difficult portions of
the mountain districts, the first year's interest to
be paid absolutely by the Government, and the
interest for nineteen succeeding years to be guar- .
anued by the Government. The House bill pro-
posed that the Government bonds should lie is-
sued, as heretofoie provided in the law of 1862,
to the amount of $16,000a mile on the more easy
portion of the roads, and above this amount on
other portions, reaching to $48,000 on the more
difficult portions, and that the corporations should
be permitted to issue their corporate first mort-
gage bonds for an equal amount. On this point
of difference the committee propose that the Sen-
ate recede from their proposition and agree to the
House proposition with some modifications, the
more important of which is that the companies
shall be permitted to issue their corporate bonds
only as the road progresses from section to sec-
tion; that as such section is completed they may
issue their corporate bonds, but that if the road
should be sold on a foreclosure of those bonds it
shall not deprive the Government of the use of
the railroads and telegraph lines in the transmis-
sion of messages and the transportation of troops
and munitions of war.
The Ho use bill also contained a provision grant-
ing bonds and land to a branch road extending
from Leavenworth to Lawience. The report of
the conference committee proposes that this road
shall be built by the main Kansas Railroad Com-
pany, and that no bonds shall be issued to K to
aid in the construction.
The House bill contained a provision ratifying
an assignment of the interests of the California
Central Railroad Company to some other railroad
company in California mentioned, the name of
which I cannotat this moment repeat. The Senate
bill contained a provision authorizing the incorpo-
ration of a new company to build the same portion
of the California road intended to be coveied by
this assignment. The committee of conference
propose that both propositions be stricken out,
the House proposition and the Senate proposi-
tion, and that the provisions for the construction
of the California part of the Pacific railroad shall
remain as was provided in the law of 1862.
