2482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
available for the defense of the lakes from Chicago
to Buffalo.
Mr. SPALDING-. And I have a constituent
who controls fourteen steam propellers, running
from Chicago through the'Wellund canal to Og-
densburg, every one of which would make an ef-
ficient gunboat in one week, if wc had a navy-
yard in which we could prepare them for purposes
of war.
I wish now to read for the information of the
House a few sentences from this treaty of 1817,
for I think we have some lawyers in the House
as well qualified to judge of the true construction of
that treaty as the officers of the Navy Department:
"The naval force to be maintained upon the American
Jukes, by his Majesty and the Government of the United
States, shall henceforth be confined to the following ves-
sels on each side; that is—
" On Lake Ontario, to one vessel not exceeding one
hundred tons burden, and armed with one eighteen-pound
cannon.
" On the upper lakes, to two vessels not exceeding like
buiden each, and armed with like force.
"On the waters of Lake Cbamplam, tOgOne vessel not
exceeding like burden, and armed with like force.
44 All oilier armed vessels on these lakes shall he forth-
with diMiiantled, and no .other ve<s«U-ot-\varsJmll be there
builfor armed. If either parly shall herealier be desirous
of annulling this stipulation, and shall give notice of that
fact to the othei paity, it shall cease to be binding after the
expnatioit of six months fiom the date of such notice.
The naval force so to be limited slmll ho restncied to Mich
service as will.in no re<pect interfere with the proper du-
ties of the armed vessels of the oilier party.>'
Mr. Speaker, 1 hope when we get our hand4?
once in we will make clean work, and give this
other notifte spoken of in the treaty from which
I have now read.
It will be conceded, I suppose, that Great Brit-
ain is prepared by means of her canals to guard
against any unfriendly results growing out of the
abrogation of either of these treaties.
Mr. WILSON. As the gentleman lu\s again
referred to the subject of canals, 1 would uskhim
whether the canal to which he refers is the one
which the Illinois Legislature proposed to influ-
ence Canada to construct through the Kntish prov-
inces for the purpose of transporting the produce
of the West to a market?
Mr. WASH CUIlNjE, of Illinois. I will an-
swer tiie gentleman for my colleague: the canal
wc pro'pose to construct will enable the gentle-
man's constituents to get their ptoduce to New
York at a great deal less price than they do now.
Mr. ARNOLD. In response to the gentleman
from Iowa 1 would say that the people of the
Northwest have suffered so much from the exor-
bitant prices levied upon their produce by the New
York canals and lailroads that they are willing
and anxious, inasmuch as they could not secure
an enlargement of the New York canals, to find
a way for their produce through Canadian canals.
Necessity compels them to do it, and it ia because
of that necessity that I am so much opposed to
the termination of this treaty which affords us
facilities for getting out our produce.
Mr. SPALDING. It is on account of that ne-
cessity that 1 am so strenuous for making a canal
around the falls of Niagara.
Mr. WILSON. We are to understand, then,
that it is necessary for us to prepare for the de-
fense of the northern border of the United Stales
by constructing a canal in conjunction with the
Canadian authorities so as to admitmore ioadily
the passage of British gunboats into the lakes of
the Northwest! Wo must do it in ouler to ship
corn from the West to the East—the corn which
the gentleman from Illinois told us in his speech
last session is absolutely necessary for the suste-
nance of Europe and without which Europe
would starve. We must, therefore, construct a
ship canal within the British provinces, admit-
ting the passage of British gunboats into the lakes,
in order that we may ship the corn without which
British subjects must staive!
Mr. ARNOLD. A single word in reply to my
friend from Iowa. He complains that while wo
are seeking to defend the northern frontier'by
means of a canal through our own territory,
which will enable our gunboats to go upon the
lakes, it is inconsistent that we should desire ad-
ditional canals through Canada. If the gentle-
man will examine with care the whole sul^ject,
he will find that there is not any inconsistency.
Great Britain has already, as is well known, com-
plete facilities for introducing her gunboats from
the Atlantic, through the St. Lawrence and the
Canals, into the lakes. The construction of the
proposed additional canal would not increase
those facilities, but would very largely increase
the facilities of the Northwest for carrying off its
surplus produce. We would prefer to carry that
produce through the New York canals. We
would prefer to have a canal constructed around
the falls of Niagara. We would desire the en-
largement of the Erie and Champlain canals. As
I said the other day, enlarge them all, construct
them all, and we will tax them to their utmost
capacity; but if New York will not do that, if
Congress will not do it and these extortions are
to continue, then we must go to the Canadians.
Mr. PRXJYN. The gentleman talks about the
high prices of transportation in New York. I
would like to ask him whether the prices in Illi-
nois are not very much higher than those in New
York.
Mr. ARNOLD. There are some gentlemen in
New York who have constructed railroads in the
State of Illinois on which high rates are charged.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 must now resume the floor,
and 1 hope I shall be permitted to proceed with-
out further interruption. I wish to read a pas-
sage from the London Times, to which I have
already adverted. It is headed, "Arming the
northern frontier and the lakes,"and is as follows:
"Tim woist part of the struggle, however, will not be on
the Atlantic seaboard, but on the great lake's ot Upper Can-
ada and North Aineiica. We are glad, theretore, to be able
to tell our readers that lids danger haH been foreseen, and
amply provided against, and that within a week after the
breaking of the lee a whole iieet of gunboats, with the
most powerful of screw eoivettes, sent out to Admiral
Milne, will eairy tile piotection ot the British flag from
Montreal to Detroit."
Mr. PRXJYN. Were these gunboats ever sent?
Mr. SPALDING. No, they were never sent;
but that is the threat given out in a British news-
paper in regard to our helpless condition. Anil
now I appeal to the pride of every American in
! this House whether this condition of things
should be permitted to last much longer? In say-
ing this, perhaps I am advocating the cause of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Arnold.] If 1 am,
so be it. 1 speak as an American citizen when
I .say that wt; are not to rest under this disadvan-
tageous treaty which has been in existence for
the last ten years between this Government ami
Great Britain because we are afraid of disturbing
the amicable relations that now exist between the
two countries. The way to preserve amicable
relations is for the Government to show itself
always ready and always able to resent insult
and injury. In noother way can we maintain our
own self-respect and the pence of the nation.
Mr. WARD took the floor.
Mr. WAS1IBCJRNE, of Illinois. I suggest
that the vote on this question be taken at a given
hour to-morrow, when there can be a full attend-
ance of members.
Mr. WARD. I desire to move the previous
question, and then I will yield the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. After the previous question
is moved, the gentleman from New York will
have an hour's time. I desire to occupy five or
ten minutes on the subject; and the gentleman
from New York offers to let me have that much
time in his hour.
There was no objection.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to say to my colleague
that either now or to-morrow I should like to
have ten minutes.
Mr. WARD. 1 prefer that my colleague should
take his ten minutes now; for there are two other
gentlemen who desire to speak for ten minutes
each.
Mr. ARNOLD. My colleague, [Mr. J. C. Al-
len,] demies to occupy ten minutes.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, fiom the Committee on Enrolled
Hills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 212) for the relief of Julia A. Ames; and an
act (11. It. No. 377) making appropriations for
the payment of the awatds made by the commis-
sioners appointed under and by virtue of an act
of Congress entitled "An act for the relief of per-
sons for damages sustained by reason of the dep-
redations and in juries by certain bands of Sioux
Indians," approved February 16,1863; when the
Speaker signed the same.
STKAMBOAT INSPECTORS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
take from the Speaker's table the Senate amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 426) to create an ad-
ditional supervising inspector of steamboats and '
two local inspectors of steamboats for the collec-
tion district of Memphis, Tennessee, and two
local inspectors for the collection district of Ore-
gon, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the Senate amendments be non-coneurred in,and
that the House request a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes between the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN H. SHULER.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of John H. Shuler,
M. D.; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
An act (S. No. £!65) to expedite and regulate
the printing of public documents, and for other
purposes, was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Printing.
RECIPROCITY TREATY AGAIN.
Mr. PRUYN. I did not expect at this time to
address the House on this question, nor did I ex-
pect a't any time to go into its details. X thought
it quite likely that my friend from the Buffalo dis-
trict would be prepared to speak on the subject to
a much larger extent than I would venture to do.
I wish to say briefly, in reference to the proposi-
tion submitted by the Committee on Commerce,
and to the substitute offered for it, that the body
of the delegation from the State of New York are,
as I understand, in favor of the proposition re-
ported by the Committee on Commerce. The
difference between the two I understand to he
this: that the substitute contemplates the giving
of notice for an entire and final abrogation of the
treaty, leaving it to future negotiation to determ-"
ine whether any steps shall be taken~for the form-
ation of a new treaty; while the resolution re-
ported by the committee provides also for a notice
of the intention of the Government to abrogate
the treaty, with the additional notification thatthis_
Government stands ready to enter into negotia-
tions with Great Britain for the purpose of making,
a new treaty, if that be found desirable. Italso
authorizes the appointment of commissioners by
the President for that purpose.
Now it seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that in every
point of view the resolution of the committee is
more desirable and more expedient than the sub-
stitute proposed. In the first place, noexception
whatever cati be taken by Great Britain to such
a notice. In the second place, I look upon it as
desirable, because it will permit arrangements to
be made between the two countries in reference
to the northwestern territory.
With our long frontier if we have no arrange-
ment whatever we may rest assured that a con-
traband intercourse, an intercourse ill violation
of our revenue laws, will be constantly taking
place to a very large extent. The gentleman
from Illinois, from the Chicago district, thinks
that we, in New York, are very selfish in regard
to this matter, that we have imposed upon the
■West burdens too intolerable for them to bear.
Now, what are the facts? Our State has raised
on credit at a rate of forty-five or forty-six per
cent, interestthe money required for constructing
the Erie and Champlain canal which we have
given to the world almost free of charge. There
is no channel of internal communication that I
know where transportation is uffoided with as
piuch speed, certainty, and economy as the canals
of New York furnish.
Now, in regard to our railroads it is well known
that between the different parallel lines running
east and west the competition is such that it is
impossible for any railroad line through New
York, Pennsylvania, or for the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad, to obtain transportation at unrea-
sonable or exorbitant rates. I will venture to say
that so far as the New York railroads and canals
are concerned, running back for a period of fifteen
or twenty years, there is not one of them which
has returned to its owners more than a fair or
reasonable percentage of profit for the capital and
labor expended.
While, therefore, I reach the same conclusion
upon this poi-nt with the gentleman fiom the Chi-
