1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34.59
There is no other material point of difference
between the Senate biii and the House bill. In
the details the committee have adopted in many-
respects the Senate bill and propose them as
amendments (o the House bill, striking out por-
tions of the House bill and inserting in lieu thereof
portions of the Senate bill.
These,I believe,are all the importantpoints of
difference between the two bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Iowa to say that the conference com-
mittee report in favor of the construction of a road
from Leavenwoith to Lawrence, in Kansas?
Mr. HARLAN. The House bill proposed the
construction of a road from Leavenworth to Law-
rence, and the report of the conference commit-
tee requires the construction of that road, but
does not authorize the use of Government bonds
for that specific purpose. It was supposed by
the conference committee that the subsidy granted
on the main Kansas line was sufficient to enable
the company to construct this short branch also
without an additional grant of bonds.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what Congress has to do with permitting that
road to be built. It is all in a State. If we give
the company no bonus, why should Congress
grant permission to build the road?
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose the chief advant-
age to the company will be that they will thereby
secure connections with the other branch They
have no other advantage, as it occuis to me.
Mr.TRUMBULL. The bill was framed ori-
ginally, I think, on the idea that we were not to
authot ize a company to build a road in any State.
I do not like that feature of this report.
Mr. HARLAN. This road is to be built by
a company incorporated by the laws of the State
of Kansas, and the same provision now proposed
in the report of the committee of conference is con-
tained in the law of 1862, with this difference only:
the law of 1862 jeitrntied the construction, the
committee's report tequires it to be done; so that
in point of fact there is no essential difference be-
tween the committee's report and the law as it
now stands in that respect.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I want to make a
statement.
Mr. WADE. I hope this will be laid over. It
is evident you cannot take itup inside of another
bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I want to say just
one sentence. —
Mr. WADE. And everybody else another.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Well, I will not utter
mine.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think it my right and
due to utter one sentence; and I will in doing so
beg the courtesy of the Senate that I may be
heard, whether I shall be exactly m or out of
order. It has been my office 
Mr. WADE. 1 ask that this be laid aside and
that the Senate take up the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California has the floor.
Mr. WADE. 1 do not think this is a fair way
of doing business, when I petmu a measure to
come up,supposing that it is to be decided without
debate, to get up a controveited question and go
on with it while the main question that I have
chaige of is pending. I think it is a fraud on the
rules, and I shall object of couise to anything of
this kind being done hereafter. It is not a fair
way of doing business. It is evident now it will
take all the evening to settle this question.
Mr. McDOtJGALL. Not at all. I do notpse
here to oppose the report of the committee of con-
ference, but i lise in my own place, and as a ■
matter of pci sonal justice to myself, to make one |
or two remarks, for which I nsk the couiteous ;
consideration and attention of the S nate.
It happens that the city of San Fiancisco, the
metropolitan city of the Pacific, belonging to the
United States of America, has been my home, .
and 1 have had the honor most immediately to
represent that city both in the other House and
in the Senate Chamber, i have always believed
in regard to this great enteiprise, on which I
have bestowed my thought, on which I have be-
stowed some of tin, best years of my life and
many of my most earnest endeavois, that the
proper terminus of the road wasat the city of San
Fiancis-'o—a city with a population of one hun-
dred and twenty thousand souls, the place whcic
the commerce of the Pacific is centralized. This
is the implied design of this bill; but for my own
sake allow me to say that it is not exactly and
distinctly expressed. I have not been willing to
engage m controversies such as those in which
Senators from this side of the continent have en-
gaged, and which employed the zeal, labor, and
effort of the Senators from Kansas and Missouri;
and for this reason I have surrendered many
things, not because I did not wish to see thisgreat
work carried into the great city of the West, but
that I was willing to makesacnfices of myself for
the accomplishment of the great result. I have
allowed myself to be obnoxious to censure in the
noble city where I belong. I did it in the past
Congress, i did it then willingly, standing then
as chairman of the committee on the Pacific rail-
road of this body. Without any authority or
power, I now submit to it hpre. Great injustice
was done by the exact form and terms of legisla-
tion to the city of San Francisco in the bill of the
last Congress; great injustice is done to the city
of San Francisco in the bill of this Congress;
but yet I believe the bill will build the road, and
if injustice is done to San Francisco, San Fran-
cisco will right heiself. 1 am for the report of
the committee.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I feel that great in-
justice has been done to Kansas by striking out
the bonds and land upon the Leavenworth and
Lawrence branch; but the importance of the work
and the desire to see the bill passed will influence
me to vote for the report of the committee of con-
ference.
The ipport was concurred in.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to make a report
from a committee of conference.
Mr. WADE. I ohj, ct.
The PRESIDING'OFFICER. Objection is
made.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With the courtesy of the
Senator from Virginia, who is entitled to the floor
on the regular oidei, I will make a statement in
ielation to this matter. 11 is a mat ter about which
then; will be t>o discussion. It is a long bill, and
must be enrolled.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the presentation of the report?
Mr. WADE. If there is no question about
it, there is no necessity for its being brought
UPMi'. DOOLITTLE. It must go to the other
House. The papeis are left with the body because
the conference was asked by the other House.
They luc. in session, and it must be disposed of
to-night. Through courtesy to tho honotabie
<ihauman of the other committee of conference
(Mr. Marlax] I delayed piessmg this until he
had presented his that they might go to the House
of Repiesenuuives together. There is no objec-
tion whatever to the repm t.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the repoit will be re-
ceived.
Mr. WADE. I have no assurance but that it
will lead to a debate of an hour.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it will not. There
will be no difference <">f opinion expressed here.
i\It DOOLITTLE. i do not suppose if will
lead to any discussion whatever.
The Secretary read the leport, as follows:
The com nntree of eonfeienoi; on tliedi-ayreejng votes of
lii" iw> lion-"- on ihe amendment-* to the bill (II. R. No
-3 "iauini'i lainN to aiti m the eonMt uciion of' a railroad
find teieiraph line fiom Luke Sup. nor to Puyet Mnind, on
the l\u nie e<u-t, by the I'oithum luute, having met. alter
lull and !r-e coniejenoe have a<nerd toiecommend and du
i ecomi.HMtd to then le-peeUve Uou^e- a-a follows:
Tn-it tip' j{',u-e ieeed" iioin their di^aaieemrnt to the
toUowniuanit'iidmeut- ol the rimate, and ajrreo to the same :
1,2, <i. 5 6, 8. y5 10, 11, 12, 14, Jo, 17, 13, 19, 20, 21,
->i.
That the Senate iceede horn their amendment auinhered
tu'eniy-lwur.
That the IIoiw leei-dc from thr-sr dUa^ifiement to the
tini tcenih amendment ol the Senati , arid ajnee to Ihe Kline
witli .in ain-miiii"iiT. a- (ull'^vs : in-ett, in lieu o[ s.ud Sen-
ate amendment* '-Proi Uc<! fiuther. That ail annual lands
b<\ and the -aiue aie heiehy, excluded hum the operations
oi thi- «i"t and in lieu Uietem a tike quantity of unoecu
pied and un:ippn>piiati d amieultuia! land-, in odd imm
heied sruio!,-, uie-t to lie ime ol said mad, anil \vitUm
fifty miles theioof, may be selected as above pioviited."
That the fjou-e recede from their di-agteeuit'tu to tin*
MXi-eenih •nm-ndnient nt the (Senate, anclnguM to the same
wim tho following amendment: fcUik.fi outtiie vvordf u the
.summit of the line ky mountain^" u> the seventh and eighth
lines of saig amendment, and insert In lieu thereof "the
western boundary of Minnesota."
J. R. DOOLITTLE,
IRA HARIirS,
J. W. NESMITH,
Managers on the part, of the Senate,
TlIADDEas STEVENS,
L. D M. SWEAT,
I. DONNELLY,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in. *
PUNISHMENT OF GUERRILLAS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up the bill for the. punish-
ment. of guerrillas, with a view of concurring with
the House of Representatives in the appointment
of a committee of conference.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider its amendments to the bill (H. K. No.
511) to provide for the more speedy punishment
of guerrillas, and for other purposes, disagreed to
by the House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
to the said bill disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tive*, and agiee to the conference asked by the Ilouse on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered^ That the conferees on the partof the Senate be
appointed by the President yro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Trumbull, Mr. Lane of Indiana, and Mr. Van
w inkle.
SEAMEN OF WRECKED VESSELS.
On motion of Mr. HALE, and by unanimous
consent, the Semite proceeded to consider the
amendment of the House of Representatives to
the bill (S. No. 246) for the relief of seamen and
others, not oifieeis, borne on the books of vessels
wieeked or lost in the naval service, disagreed to
by the Senate and insist* d on by the House; and
On motion of Mr. 1IALE, it was
liaoli'cd, That the Senate insist upon its disagreement
to the amendment of the House of Representative* to the
said bill, and agree to the conference a-ked by the House
on the di.->a i ecmg votes ot the two Hou^a thereon.
Otdcied, That the conferee* on the part of tile Senate
be appointed by the Piebident pro temj>oie.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Hale, Mr. Henderson, and Mr. Ramsey.
LANDLORD AND TENANT LAW.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 ask leave to make a report
from a committee of conference.
By unanimous consent the report was received
and read, as follows:
Tiie committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
oi tiie two Houses on the bill (8. No. 138) entitled "An
act, to regulate pioceedmgs nt ca>esof landlord and tenant
m the lhftiict of Colombia," iccommcnd to their respect-
ive Houses as lollows:
That the Senate recede from its disagreeing votes to the
amendments of the House, and agiee to the same.
LOT M MORRILL,
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS,
Manczcrs on the jimt of Ihe Senate.
JAMES P. WILSON,
EZRA WHEELER,
Managers on the part of the House,
The report was concurred in.
RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H.R.No.
244) to guaranty to certain Slates whose govern-
mi nts have been usurped oroverthrown a repub-
lican form of government, the pending: question
being on the amendment of Mr. Brown.
Tiie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Virginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CARLILE. It has been intimated to me
that possibly the Senate would piefer at I his time
to take a vote on thenmendmentproposed by the
Senator from Missouri, and if that be so 1 am
willing to yield the floor for the purpose of having
that vote taken. 1 have yielded it so repeatedly
since I attempted to make some remarks on this
bill, and it is now growing late, and sitting in
this furnace beneath this heat I would prefer con-
cluding what I intended to say upon this bilJ to-
morrow qv some other day, provided it becomes
necessary in my opinion to say anything more
upon it. If the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri shall be adopted, I of coarse shall have
nothing further to say on the bill, and if agree-*
able to the Senator who has the bill in charge, I
am willing to give way to have that question
decided now. *
Mr. WADE. You had better finish your speech.
