mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE- I am only anxious that the
question shall be fairly understood. This sub-
stitute is a mere negation. It settles no princi-
ple. It does not profess to settle anything more
than this, that <the question shall depend on the
legislation of Congress, that these States are to
await the action of Congress, without declaring
any principle on which their reorganization shall
take place. The amendment is offered as a sub-
stitute for the bill of the House of Representa-
tives, and every vote for thisamendmentisa vole
against the original proposition of the House bill,
and those who are opposed to the bill of the
House of course will vote for the amendment.
Those in favor of that bill will vote against the
amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I do not intend to make any
speech on this subject or to consume any more
of the time of the Senate. I desire to say in vin-
dication of myself in offering this Amendment
that i am not willing to sustain a bill for the re-
construction of the States now in rebellion which
leaves out of that reconstruction nearly all the
loyal element in those States by disfranchising
and leaving them out of account. I therefore
move this amendment that we may take such
temporary measure as is necessary to prevent the
voting of these States in the presidential election,
and leave to another and better occasion the asser-
tion of the rights that are necessary in these re-
volted territories.
Mr. WADE, This bill does not omit the rights
or supersede the rights of the loyal people of those
States in any manner whatever, but it provides
in the first place for the appointment by the Pres-
ident of a military governor, as he appoints such
officers now; und it makes it the duty of that mil-
itary governor, as soon us he believes a majority
of the people of the State have become loyal so
that they can maintain agovei nment of their own,
to appoint commissioners whose duty it shall be
to take the census of the State, and to ascertain, by
administering the oath to the voters of the State,
who are loyal and who are not loyal; and when-
ever it shall be thus ascertained that there is a ma-
jority of loyal people in the State, then (hey are to
elect their delegates to a convention to form a State
constitution and so on to mature a State govern-
ment of their own. If that is in contravention of
the rights of the loyal people of a State, that fact
is ascertained by n process that I cannot find in
the bill. Ther o is no loyal citizen in the State
who will not have the full right to participate in
a State government as soon as it can be ascer-
tained that he has a majority of his follows there
who agree with lum. Then they willbe invested
with all the powers and privileges of the govern-
ment of the Slate and be upon the same footing
as any other State.
I say attain if the gentleman is opposed to this
bill in principle let lum not vote for it, butlet him
not vote for this miserable dodge, this negation,
thisameudment that asserts no principle, asa sub-
stitute for the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 17, nays 1G; as follows:
YKAS—Moan*. Brown, Uruhle, Oowan, Ihivi-, Dooiu-
tle, Gnrne«, Hcnrioiion, ncmluek>, Johnson, Lane, of In-
diana. McDnugall, Powell,Richardson, Kiddle, &iuNbuiv. }
Trumbull, and Van Winkle—17. " '
i\TAYi>—Mosms. Chandler, ( 'lurk. Comic?*, Hale, Hat Ian,
Lanu of Kansas, Moiqan, Moruli, f'om iov. Ruu-ev,
Sherman, Hprague, Sunmei, Wade, Wilkinson', and Wil-
son—16.
A BrfE.VT — Mes^a. Antlionv, Buclc.ilovv, Coilamer,
Dixon. Feis(ji (l'«n, Foot, fWci, U.ndiii!;, Ham-,
Hn-ks, Howard, Howe, NTesmwii, TenEjek, Willev, and
V\ rtghi—16. '
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer an additional section
by way of amendment:
^ImibcnfaHhe> cnr.UrThai thr proclamation of eroan
Chilton by the PievtUmit of the United States on
the 1st dav of Januaty. ISo-i, so far as the same declaims
that the sjuve-. ni ceimui designated States and portion* of
Ht.m s the/ict'iorwaid Miuuhi bo free, is hereby adopted and
enaotud   statute of the United State*, and as a luleaml
article tor the government of the mditaiy and naval force*
thereof.
1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. HcFwrever much I might be in
favor of such a proposition as this, I think it is
incongruous and out of place here. 1 voted against
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri who
proposed the amendment just adopted, while at
the same time i was in favor of the proposition as
an independent measure. I think it is substan-
tially one that I introduced myself, and I think
that the proposition of the Senator from Missouri
which has been adopted in lieu of the bill of the
Senator from Ohio is one that ought to be adopted,
and if it is not adopted I fear we shall be in great
danger of scenes of violence and civil war. If we
do not fix by law in some way what votes shall
be counted in the next presidential election, we
leave ourselves in a situation that will probably
lead to convulsions and violence. Lotus suppose
that we go into this presidential election without
some such declaratory resolution as that proposed
by the Senator from Missouri and adopted by the
body, and the resultof the election should be such
that it would be deteimined one way or the other
by the votes of some of the States situated as Ar-
kansas and Louisianaare situated. Do yousup-
pose that either party in this country defeated in
that way would submit? Let me suppose that
the Democratic party carried the election without
counting the votes of Arkansas or Louisiana, and
that by counting these votes Mr. Lincoln should
be elected over the Democraticcandidate, do you
believe, does anybody imagine that that party
would consent to give up the advantage which
they would have by a majoiity of the votes that
were confessedly m the Union, by the admission
of votes of States situated as they are? Some
gentlemen have said we can fix that next session,
but we cannot do it next session. We must do
it now or never, because next session we shall
have to legislate in view of the votes that will have
been thrown before we come together. Now we
can make the resolution without knowing whom
it is to nlfoct. Though I voted against the prop-
osition of theSenatoi from Missouriasan amend-
ment to this bill lam for it decidedly,and 1 think
that the Senate will be derelict in its duty if it
fails to make some such provision as that for our
government in the next election, and it is there-
lore that 1 hope it will stand by itself and will
not be embai rassed with any other question; and
for that leason I shall vote against this amend-
ment and for that alone, hoping that the proposi-
tion as it now stands amended on the motion of
tin; Senator from Missouri will be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New
Tlatnpshne is entiiely mistaken when he says
that the proposition which I now offer is incon-
gruous. The Senator says to me that he did not
say so. I beg his paidon; he began by saving
it was incongruous. It is entirely germane—
nothing could be more germane. The section al-
ready adopted concerned the rebel States. The
section I now offer concerns the rebel States. The
Senator cannot vole against the sections which I
now oiler; it is neither more nor less than this:
to recognize as a statute the proclamation of
emancipation, to put it under the guarantee and
the safeguaid ofun act of Coiigrt ss. That is nil.
It is as simple as day. 11 is as plain as truth. It
is impossible for any person who iccogmzes the
proclamation of emancipation or who is disposed
to stand by it to vote against the section winch 1
now ofler. I wish to see emancipation in the rebel
States placed under the guarantee of an act of Con-
gress. I do not wish to see it left to iloat on a
presidential pmckumuton. We have been as-
sured that that proclamation will not be changed;
but who knows what may be hereafter the vicis-
situdes of elections? I do not pretend to look far
enough info the future to determine or to see what
proclamation hereafter may be issued, I wish to
make the piesent sure, and to fix it foievermore
and immortal in an act of Congress.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I did not
suppose when ttie President of the United States,
assuming the possession of absolute power un-
der this Government, issued his proclamanon of
emancipation, that so soon thereafter his friends
should come into the Senate of the Umud Status
and make open confession that his acts were ille-
gal, that his assumption was without authority, !
und that m issuing that proclamation to the Amor- i
ican people under the pretense that it had validity |
he was guilty of nothing but an unwarranted ex- j
ercise of power. We, differing from the Admin- ;
£stra?ion,saidut the time that he had no power to I
issuesuch a proclamation, that it was of no more
worth than the paper upon which it was written.
We contended that under our Federal system such
vast power was not given to the Executive of the
United States. But what was our answer? How
were we answered on this floor? How were we
answered in the other branch of Congress? How
were we answered by the public press of the
country which supported the Administration?
To question the validity of his act was evidence
clear that a man was not only a copperhead but
a traitor,disloyal,and theattemptwas, when that
proclamation was issued to the American people,
to make it the test of a man's fidelity to the Con-
stitution and Government of his country; and
there was scarcely a paper in the support of this
Administration that did not hold it up before the
American people as the true and the genuine test
of fidelity to the country. Upon this floor the
supporters of the Administration held that it was
valid; in the other branch of Congress the sup-
porters of the Administration held that it was
valid; but now, sir, the proposition is gravely
made in the Senate of the United States to legal-
ize it, to give to it power and efficiency which
inherently it did not possess.
But, sir, the amendment comports very well
with the whole character of this bill. Never has
there been a measure since my brief connection
with this body so revolutionary in its character,
a measure so antagonistic to our whole Federal
system, so unauthorized by the Constitution of
the country as this whole bill. What is it? Pro-
fessedly a bill toguaianty to certain States in the
Union a republican form of government; and yet
in fact it is a bill to destroy existing States, not
to make new States out of territory which had
never been States before, but to destroy existing
States, to reduce them to a territorial condition
and to deny to them the right to regulate their
own domestic affairs. But, sir, the substitute
offered by the honorable Senator from Missouri
has done away to a great extent with this char-
acter of the bill.
Look, however, at the proposition now imme-
diately before the Senate, and what is it? An at-
tempt by Federal legislation to legislate for the
States themselves, to regulate their domestic in-
stitution?, to control property, m other words.
Why, sir, property in a State is not the creature
of Federal law; it exists independently of it. The
Federal authority has no legitimate control over
it. Can you go into a State and undertake to
interrupt the relation of master and servant? If
you can, you can go into a State and attempt to
coutiol the relation of parent and child and of hus-
band and wife. If you have the authority to do
this act, there is no subject of local legislation
which Congress may not divest the States of and
assume to themselves. Then our whole system
of Government, instead of being of that Federal
character which we have heretofore supposed it
was, amounts to nothing but an absolute, consol-
idated Government, with no power whatever in
the States and all power centered in this Federal
Government. A bare statement of the conse-
quences to which such a species of legislation will
load is sufficient to show how unsound it is.
But, sir, let mo say in conclusion by way of
response to my ho not able friend, the Senator from
New Hampshire, that all these matters give me
not much trouble. The skies begin to look bright.
The night is far spent and the day is at hand. My
honorable friend need give himself no trouble as
to what will be done. An Administration soon,
thank God, will be in power whiclf will wipe out
all this species of legislation, and will do K with-
out blood-shedding, loo.
Mr. BROWN.' In regard to the amendment
which has been offered to this bill as it stands by
the Senator from Massachusetts, I pjesume I
need not^say to the Senate that as an independent
proposition it meets my hearty concurrence; but
thereare some things which are now practical and
some winch are not; there aiesome things which
are possible and some which are not. Among
those things which are not possible is the getting
of this bill with the amendment of the Senator
ttom Massachusetts through the House of Rep-
resentatives at the present session. That is as
utterly impossible as anything which can be
named. We know that under the technical rules
of that House any serious opposition to any
measmeenn now defeat it, If the Senate con-
