1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§461
cur in the necessity of this bill as it stands, if j
they concur in the necessity of a piovnsion in re-
gard to the States that are in insurrection which
shall preclude them from voting and preclude
them from precipitating' us perhaps upon new
civil complications and new war, then let us puss
this measure which seems to be a measure meet-
ing the general assent of all sides of the Cham-
ber in itself, and which I am sure will meet with
general assent of all sides in the other House.
Let us pass that, i say, and avert the evils with-
out doubt.
I do not desire to discuss the merits of the
amendment which has been offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I concur heartily and
fully with him in his reasoning as to the propri-
ety of its adoption, as to the propriety of putting
in the shape of a statute that proclamation of the
President; but what I do ask of the Senate is that
they will now, as a single, distinct proposition, do
that thing which is so necessary in the disturbed
times upon which we have fallen, and doit in such
wise as will make its passage sure. I do not de-
sire to protract the debute. I am willing to come
to a vote and rest on the sense of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I adopt precisely the lan-
guage of my friend from Missouri. He regards
Ins proposition as necessary. I regard his prop-
osition or some equivalent measure as necessary.
But not less necessary do 1 regard the proposition
which 1 have now had the honor to offer. His
proposition is to meet a question in the reconstruc-
tion of the rebel States. My proposition is also
to meet a question in the reconstiuction of the
rebel States.
Mr. BROWN. Mine is not a proposition for
reconstruction at all. It is .simply providing that
they shall not exercise the elective franchise until
Congress authorizes it by act.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand it,and the obvi-
ous effect of it is to postpone all those activities
tending toward reconstruction and to bring them
all under the rule of Congtess. That is the ob-
ject of the proposition of the Senator, and the ob-
ject of my proposition is to bring emancipation
under the rule of Congress. Sir, as it now stands
it depends on the proclamation of the Piesident.
I am unwilling that emancipation shall depend
upon the will of any one man, be he President or
Senator. I wish to place it under the, highest
sanctions which our country knows. If I could
I would place itatonce under the sanctions of the
Constitution; but those failing, let me place it un-
der the sanctions of an act of Congress. I am
sure the Senator cannot differ from me in that.
But the Senator, whose experience here cei tamly
does not compare with that of some other Sena-
tors, assures us that this measure cannot pass the
other House. Sn, by what intuition has he ar-
rived at that knowledge? I have no means ot
knowing that. On the contrary, if 1 am loft to
draw my conclusion from what has already oc-
curred during the piesent session, I say unhesi-
tatingly it can pass the other House. The Sena-
tor fmgets that when it reaches the other House
it will not be as a bill by itself to go through the
different stages; it goes there as part of the sub-
stitute to the House bill. It will be acted upon,
therefore, as an amendment, subject only to one
stage of proceeding. 1 tell the Senator it can pass
the other House. It only requires that the Sen-
ate should send it there. Let us will to do it arid
it can be done; and I do entreat the Senator from
Missouri, who I know is pledged so strenuously
to the cause of emancipation, not to fail it at this
hour.
Mr. BROWN. I presume no one knows better
than the Senator from Massachusetts that it is
perfectly possible to unite two measures, each of
which commands a mujoiityin itself, and yet
which combined cannot by tiny possibility get a
majority; and that is just the proposition which
he makes here. 1, of course, m charge of the
amendment which has been adopted on my mo-
tion, must protest against its being put in that
attitude. „ _
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot.) The question is on the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—-yeas 11, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Chandler, Conness, Lane of Kansas,
Moigrui, Mott ill, Pomeioy, Kaiiuey, Sumnur. Wadr, W il-
,kiiieon; and Wilson—U.
NWS—Messrs. Brown, CarlHe, Davis, BooUttle,Giimes,
T!a!c, Hams, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of
Indiana, McDougall. Powell, U'clmiibon, Riddle, Sanls-
buiy, Sherman, Spraguo, TeuJSyek, Trumbull, and Van
Winkle—21.
ABSENT—Mepj-r*. Anrhom, Jluckalew, Clark, Colla-
mcr, Cowan, Dia- n, Fessend'Mi, Foot, Foster, Harding,
Harlan, Hicks, Ilovvaul, llowe, Nesmith, Willey, and
Wright—J 7.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biown, Carlile. Davis, Doohttle.Gnmes,
Il.ulan, Hauls, liendeiMm, Hemlueks, Johnson, Lane ot
1 ndtanu, MeDougall. Pomeun , Powell, Richardson, lliddle,
fc3auM)iny, Spia ue, 'i'itniihuil, and Van Winkle—-*20.
NAYS—Me^-Of. Clatk, Connes*. Hale, Lane ofKaiisa«,
Morgan, Motrill, Ram-ev, Slicimnn, sSumnei, Ton Eyck,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—13.
ABSENT—Mi"--!". Anthony,Buckalew,Chandler, Col-
lamei, Cowan, Di\on, Fet.*omlen, Foot. Foster, Ilardmsr,
lliek>, llnwaul, Howe. Nesmith, Willey, and Wnght—1(5-
So the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read alhiid time. The bill was
read the thiid time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to have the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill. I want to
have a distinct vote on the proposition itself, not
antagonized with anything else, and see what the
sense of the Senate is on the proposition.
Mr. BROWN. We have just had it on the
same pioposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it was antagonized
to the original bill as an amendment. 1 want it
by itself to see what the sense of the Senate is in
reference to the measure, and not as a substitute
for anything else. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, fesulted—yeas 26, nays 3; as follows:
Yi'HS-Mf^is, Kiowa, Cliandlet, Comics*, Doolittle,
Giime>, llali', Il.ulan, Ham-, Lane of
Indiana, Lane of MrDoiejall Moman, Pomeroy,
RauiM'v, Rnhile, Sherman, Kpjague, Sumnet, Ten Eyck,
Tunn'i'tiM, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
NAYS—Mnws. Dave-, Powell, and Sanl-biuy—3.
Al'.-^i NT—Me^i-. Anthony. Uuekalew, C,irhle,Claik,
Coilauier, Cowan. Di\on. Fe-^emkn. Foot, Fo-ter, Haul-
ing. IIomMek-, lhek<, Ilowaid, Howe, Moinll, Nesmith,
RichauKon, Willey, and Wright—20.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the title of
the bill so as to read, "A bill concerning States in
insurrection against the United States."
The motion was agiecd to.
AMENDMENT OF CONSCRIPTION LAW.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up House
bill No. 549, with the view of havinga committee
of conference appointed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider us amendments to the bill of
the House (No. 5-1U) furtln i to regulate and pro-
vide for the em oiling and calling out of the na-
tional forces, mid for other purposes, disagreed to
by the House ot Representatives.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate insist
upon its amendments to the bill disagreed to by
the House of Representatives, and agree to the
conference asked by the House on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. I-IENORICKS. I am notin favorofagree-
ing to that ptoposiuon. I understand that there
aie but very few points upon which the two
Houses do agiee, o d this'pi oposition is substan-
tially to take this bill fiom Congress in the two
bodies and refer if to a committee of conference.
Wiiere there ate disagreements it is veiy proper
to adjust them m this mode; but where the two
bodies dis.igiee as to the whole measure, I do not
believe in that system of legislation which refers
the whole question to a committee of confei enc*,
and I do not believe that the Senate will finally
secure such a bill as it has agreed to by a com-
mittee of conference. This is a vory important
measure, and itisnot thatsortof measure which
ought to be adjusted throughout by a committee
of conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to ask the Senator
from Indiana if there is any other way of getting
at it now. The House of Representatives have
disagreed and asked for a committer. What can
we do? If we refuse it, it defeats the whole meas-
ure. What else are we to do if we are to have"
any measure? We may not accept the report of
the committee of conference. We may reject it
and have a second committee. But what can we
do now but accept the House propositions-
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the measure can be
considered after it comes back to the Senate I
shall not very much object; but the difficulty is
that when a report of a committee of conference
is made the Senate pass it almost without investi-
gation. I recollect the other day on a very im<-
portant bill a committee of conference reported,
not agreeing with either House—I refer to the
tax bill, the item of the tax upon whisky. The
House of Representatives had agreed to $1 a gal-
lon and the Senate had agreed to $1 25, but the
committee of conference made it $1 50 and $2, not
reflecting the sentiment of either body, but the
bill with that very heavy tax on a very large in-
terest passed through this body with very few
Senators knowing what was the report of the
committee of conference in that regard. When
the proposition is to lay hold of the citizen and
forcc him into the military service, I think we
ought to know exactly what we do pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I entirely concur with the
Senator from Indiana as to the impropriety of
legislation by committees of conference. I have
fought it here for six years and have always been
defeated in it. I think it is a miserable way of
legislating. But when one House asks for a con-
ference 1 do not see how you can do otherwise
than lose the measure unless you accept the prop-
osition, and when the report comes in it is our
fault if we do not understand it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Perhaps I have accom-
plished all that 1 desire. I wished to call atten-
tion to the bill, and when the report comes in I
hope it will be considered by the body, and I wish
it understood that our hands are not tied.
The motion of Mr. Wilson was agreed to;
and by unanimous consent the Chair wasauthor-
ized to appoint the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Wilson, Mr. Grimes, and Mr. Morgan as the
conferees on the part of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES declined serving on the com-
mittee, and Mr. Brown was appointed in his
stead.
Mr. BROWN declined serving, and Mr. Lane
of Indiana was appointed in his place.
MESSAGE JFKOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 523) granting lands to the State of
Oregon to aid in the construction of a military
road from Eugene City to the southern or eastern
boundary of said State;
A bill (No. 73) to amend an actentititled "An
act to enable the trustees of the Blue Mont Col-
lege to preempt a certain quarter section of land
approved March 2, 1861; and
A bill (No. 325) to repeal the act of the 17th
of June, 1864, prohibiting the sales of gold and
foreign exchange.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speak-
er of the House of Representatives had signed
the following enrolled bill and joint resolution;
which were thereupon signed by the President
■pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 207) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for the year ending the 30th June, 1865; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 90) to refer the
chum of Nahum Ward back to the Court of
Claims.
COMMENCE AMONG TIIE STATES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone ail
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the bill
(H. R. No 307) to regulate commerce among the
several States.
i Mr. JOHNSON. I hope that motion will not
i be agreed to. That bill will give rise to discus-
: stop,. I should feel it my duty* as weafc as i am
= physically, and weak perhaps in every other
j way, to discuss it at some length before the Sen-
1 ate.
