1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
olution by the passage of which David Robertson,
of Petersburg, Virginia, was appointed official re-
porter to Congress. It was stipulated that his
annual salary should be §4,000 in full for his ser-
vices, cierk hire, stationery, and all incidental
expenses. Moreover, it was stipulated that if
he furnished his manuscript to Andrew Brown,
printer of the Philadelphia Gazette, for publica-
tion, Mr Brown was to pay therefor $1,100 of
the salary, making the expense to be defrayed
from the public Treasury §2,900.
On the removal of the seat of Governraentfrom
Philadelphia to Washington, Mr. Harrison Smith
followed with his printing office, and on the 31st
of October, 1800, commenced the publication of
the National Intelligencer, which gave an imper-
fect report of the proceedings of Congress. In
1807 Mr. Smith engaged the services of Mr. Jo-
seph Gales, an excellent stenographer, who be-
came a part owner of the National Intelligencer^
and in 1810 purchased Mr. Smith's interest.
Olher papers had reporters at Washington, but
the reports of the proceedings of Congress by the
National Intelligencer were regarded as the most
accurate, although they were often weeks in ar-
rears.
In 1833 John C. Rives conceived the idea of
publishing the debates in Congress, and soon
afterwards employed W. E. Moore, a stenogra-
pher, to report them for him. The first number
of the Congressional Globe was published—as a
•weekly sheet—on the 7th of December, 1833.
In 1845 the Senate Committee on the Library
examined into the feasibility of having the de-'
bates published the morning after their delivery.
They examined Mr. Gales, Mr. Rives, ami oth-
ers. In 1847 a bargain was concluded with Mr.
.Houston, a stenographic reporter, to furnish re-
ports for the press. He was to print them on
"slips," to be delivered to each Senator, and
commenced to do so with the session of 1847-48.
Before the session closed, he was several weeks
behindhand wiffi his reports, and the Senate
finally paid him $5,000 to give up his contract.
' On the 7th of August, 1846, the Senate Com-
mittee on tiie Library made a report, providing
for a daily report of the proceedings of each day
on the morning of the following day, and a re-
vised and corrected publication of the same de-
bates in book form, to constitutea paiiiamentary
record. The editors of the National Intelligen-
cer and of the Union agreed to publish the de-
bates i,n their respective papers, in accordance
with a resolution passed, at $7 50a column. Sub-
sequently, the editors of the National Intelligen-
cer and of theUnion relinquished their contracts,
and Mr. Rives then reestablished the Daily
Globe to publish the debates. It was understood
by him that he was to receive the same price
which had been paid the retiring contractors for
reporting the debates and publishing them in the
Daily Globe so that members could road their
remarks in print and correct them before they
were permanently placed " on die record" in the
Congressional Globe. Mr. Rives also understood
that he was to have the privilege of supplying
every new member of Congress with a complete
set of the Congressional Globe, and that he was
also to receive ** one cent for every five pages ex-
cess over three thousand .for a long, and fifteen
hundred for a short, session/'
Congress evidently agreed with Mr. Rives in
his construction of the verbal understanding be-
tween its committees and himself for several years.
But in 1856, on the passage of the bill chang-
ing the compensation of members, the purchase
of complete sets of the Congressional Globe for
new Senators, Representatives, and Delegates was
abrogated. In the opinion of Mr. Rives, (as ex-
pressed m a letter written under his direction just
prior to his decease,) the furnishingof the.se back
volumes of the Congressional Globe was as much
a patt of his agreement with Congress as was the
furnishing of the current report of debates. He
had the back numbers repnnted and stereotyped,
erecting a fire-proof building for the leception of
the stereotype plates, and was at ways ready to fur-
nish the back volumes, which ho regarded it as his
right to supply and to receive compensation for.
His efforts during the Thirty-Fourth, Thirty-
Fifth, Thirty-Sixth and Thirty-Seventh Con-
gresses to be permitted to carry out in good faith
what he tegarded as his part of the agreement
proved unavailing, but he continued the work—to i
use his own words, as dictated to his chief clerk—
" inthe belief that Congress would finally do him
justice; would restore that which had been taken
from him. But for this belief the reporting and
printing of the debates by Mr. Rives would have
ceased several years ago."
The increase in the rates of compensation lo
employes, the price of paper, &c., &c., at the
commencement of the present session, rendered
it imperatively necessary for Mr. Rives to enter
into some new arrangement for reporting and
publishing the debates, and after informal consult-
ation with the two Committees on Printing, he
submitted two propositions, either one of which
would be acceptable to him, namely:
The second proposition was in accordance with
the expressed wish of a majority of the Senate's
Committee on Printing, that an increased rate of
payment, equivalent to the increased cost of pub-
lication, might be agreed upon. It was that Con-
gress should " pay an advance of fifty per cent,
on the prices now paid to the proprietor of the
Globe for the work done by him for the two
Houses. This increase will make the price for
reporting and printing the debates in the Daily
Globe §11 25 a column; and $9 a copy for the
Congressional Globe and Appendix for a long
session, and $4 50 a copy for a short session.
This increase to date from the beginning of the
current (Thirty-Eighth) Congress.>} This, how-
ever, was regarded by Mr. Rives only as a tem-
porary arrangement.
The first proposition is that which is embod-
ied in the bill now before the Senate, which
was passed in the House of Representatives by a
very large majority, it proposes that Congress
shall " restore that feature of its agreement with
him which was observed for eight years from its
date, and abrogated without notice to him at the
close of the first session Thirty-Fourth Congress,
on the passage of the bill changing the compen-
sation of members, which agreement provided for
the purchase from him of a complete set of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix for each new
member who had not before received them." It
also restores the additional compensation, paid by
repeated acts of Congress in past years, ofone
cent for every five pages exceeding three thousand
pages for a long session, or fifteen hundred pages
fora short session, including the indexes and the
laws of the United States for this and each future
Congress."
The difference in the cost of carrying these two
propositions into effect is not very great.
The total amount paid for reporting and print-
ing the Daily Globe, and for the Congressional
Globe, during the Thirty-Seventh Congress was
§166,570. Fifty per cent, additional on this sum
makes $83,275.
This proposition requires an expenditure of
$9,424 for the books for the Senate, and $47,120
for those for the House of Representatives. Add
to this the increased pay of one cent for every
five pages of the excess of the former contract,
(and taking the Thirty-Seventh Congress as a fair
average for the extent of the work,) it may be es-
timated that this will amount to an excess of fif-
teen hundred and four pages, which will produce
the sum of $42,000. Add to this the amount re-
quired for the purchusc of the Globes, the total
cost will be $98,544,showing a difference of $15,000
between the two propositions. The difference
will be less for the succeeding Congresses, inas-
much as the distribution will be made to fewer
members.
It may not be improper to state that both these
propositions were made to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and the bill now before the Senate,
which has been passed by the other House and
which accepts the first proposition, was reported
by the committee by order of that House. It is
not the desire of the committee to press this bill
to a vote now; but if the Senate is ready to vote
upon it, as it is a matter that affects the business
of the Senate, and that must be settled during the
present session if it is the pleasure of the Senate
to continue the publication of the Globe, it may
perhaps be as well to act now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Rhode Island if his attention has
been directed to the propriety of an effort to re-
duce the volume of the Congressional Globe so
as to save the increased expense in that way. I
have always thought the full report m the Con-
gressional Globe was a useless and cumbersome
work, and that a reduction of it by some general
system to about one half the present bulk would
be fully as serviceable to the Government, and
probably make the work more valable as a book
of reference. As is known to all of us, it is noto
very difficult to find anything in the Congres-
sional Globe, because during the long session there
are four or five volumes of it. It wbuld'be much
more valuable if it were reduced. It for one, and
I think all members, would be perfectly willing
to have what we say curtailed to an amo\mt6uffi-
cient to reduce the cost of ti>e Globe to at feast
the old price. I ask the Senator wheth'erthe at-
tention of the committee lias been directed to the
practicability of reducing the volume.' "
Mr. ANTHONY. Somewhat; but it is an ex-
ceedingly difficult thing to do. It is impossible
to cut down a Senator's speech without his own
consent; and each Senator is apt to have quite as
large an idea of the importance of what he says
as his associates, I think, t do not'see How we
can publish the debates unless we publish them
in full; although a careful and accurate abridg-
ment of the debates, I have no doubt, would be
more valuable.
I will take occasion now to state that in the earl^r
part of the session a resolution was adopted di-
recting the Committee on Printing to inquire into
the expediency of preparing a synoptical report
of the debates, to be transmitted by tejegraph, and
to be made4 out accurately, giving the full business
of the Senate and the points of tne debates.,Th$t
would undoubtedly be of piore value, Certainly of
more transient value, and I think, upon -the'whole,
perhaps of more permanent value than the pub-
lication of the Congressional Globe. But this dif-
ficulty is in the way at once: the committee were
very favorably impressed with the idea,but upon
consultation with those upon whom we must rely
totransmitand to publish the report we found that
they declined to enter into the arrangement; and
I supposed the ruling reason was that they did not
desire to pUce the expense of telegraphing in the
control of Congress. .
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Rhode [siand a question.
Mr. WADE. I perceive that this matter is
going to lead to considerable debate. I want to
up this morning a joint resolution of some
importance. There is nothing before the Senate,
I believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill re-
ported by the Senator from Rhode Island is be-
fore the Senate by unanimous consent.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely wish to ask the
Senator from Rhode island a single question. I
observe in the published debates that we have
sometimes fourteen columns of a speech deliv-
ered in the other House, where, according to the
standing rule,a man is allowed but one hour—an
amount of matter which could not be read in three
hours. I consider that a very great abuse of this
Government hiring a publication of the debates;
and I want to know whether there is not sonio
way in which that can be corrected. 1 wish the
debates as they are delivered, not as they aic
written out after delivery; but 1 sen very often in
the publication of the debates of the other House
speeches very much longer than those made here
in the Senate. I wish to know whether that can-
not be corrected.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is a matter, I suppose,
for the consideration of the House of Representa-
tives. The abuse has certainly been known to
the committee for a long time; but we have not
supposed it was our business to  
Mr. COLLAMER. My idea is that the bill
should be so made and its provisions so arranged
that the publication should not include speeches
not delivered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think that is the letter of
the law now. 1 think the publication of those
speeches that are written ana not delivered is not
within the law. I think it is a mutter of courtesy
—of abuse, rather.
I wish to say further in regard to a synoptical
report, that I think the reports that have been
made for the associated press, although at the be-
ginning of the session they were justly subjected
to agreatdeaf of complaint, have improved a great
deal during the progress of the session; but it is
utterly impossible for a man to take a synoptical
report of proceedings and transmit it as the debate
