1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
contractor to send the wagons to Perryville, Mary- ji
land, consigned to Captain C. G. Sawtelle,assist- j|
ant quartermaster. Forty of the wagons were
thus shipped on the 17th of August, and the re-
maining sixty oa the 28th of the same month.
The wagons were inspected by the agent, Mr.
Patten, and approved by him in the very terms
prescribed by Major Miller. The wagons arrived
at Perryville, where it seems they have been al-
lowed to remain. The Quartermaster General re-
fused to use, to sell, or to pay for them. On the
4th of January, 1862, the Quartermaster General
informed the agent of the .railroad company at
Perryville that the United States had "condemned
and rejected the wagons," and that the railroad
company, having alien upon them for charges of
freight, was at liberty, as far as the United States
was concerned, to do what it found for its interest
to secure itself.
Thus, through the action of the quartermaster's
department, one hundred new wagons, purchased
for ยง141 each, to which a team had never been
harnessed, were squandered. Considered in con-
nection with the fact that the same department
disburses about two hundred and fifty millions
annually, that is perhaps the most significant fact
jn the case. It suggests this problem. If the ex-
penditure of $14,100 produces nothing to the Uni-
ted States, how much is likely to be produced by
the expenditure of ยง250,000,000? The value of
these wagons was lost. Whether the loss should
fall upon the Government or upon the contractor
was the question to be considered.
The committee addressed a note to the Quarter-
master General asking him to communicate any
evidence in his possession orany reasons lie might
have to urge why the claim of Mr. Brown should
not be allowed. In his reply he states, " that be-
cause these wagons were not made in accordance
with the contract, and because they are of inferior
quality and workmanship, and worthless for use
as Army wagons, they have not been received,
and should not be paid for."
The committee wete of the opinion that the
Quartermaster General was mistaken in saying
the wagons hud " notbeen received." The wag-
ons had been shipped from Kingston, New Hamp-
shire, to Perry ville, Mary land, a distance of sever-
al hundred miles. They had been shippedupon the
writtenordcroftheQnartermasterGeneral. They
had been consigned to an officer of hisdepavtment.
They had reached Perryville. Bills of lading had
been forwarded. The maker had been instructed
by that department that such bills would constitute
a delivery. The committee were of the opinion
that, after all these things had been done, it was too
late for the maker to reclaim the wagons, or for the
Government to rejcct them. After having ordered
the maker to send the wagons to Perryville, the
committee did not think it becoming m ajnst Gov-
ei nment to order him to come to Pen y ville, to pay
the charges for transportation, and to take them
back again. Whetherthe wagons were,in fact,of
inferior quality and workmanship, and useless
as Government wagons, was a question upon
which the evidence was not entirely harmonious.
In support of his allegation against the quality of
the wagons, the Quartermaster Gencial sub muted
to the committee copies of the rcpoits made by
Captain C. G. Sawtelle, of thatdepaitment, of two I
ditl'orent inspections made by him. The one was j
dated on the 31st of August, 1861, and the other on '
the 10th of September following. According to
those reports it was evident to the committee that
the wagons did differ from the specifications con-
tained in the contract; but it was equally evident
that neither of those reports exhibits a greater dif- j
fere nee between the wagons and the specifications j
than do the two reports exhibit to each other.
The fact of making two reports and the dis- |
crepaneu's between them was explained by the J
Quartermaster General upon the ground that Cap
tain Sawtelle made his first inspection of the wag- j
ons by comparing them with a copy of specifica- i
tions upon which other contracts for .A rmy wagons >
had been made, whereas the second inspection
was made by comparing them with the spcciiica- :
tions in the contract made with Mr. Brown him- ;
self. Captain Sawtelle himself urged the same ,
explanation. The committee, however, felt bound ,
to say that the explanation was not satisfactory. 1
Indeed, it seamed not less extraordinary than the
fact itself. For Captain Sawtelle himself asserted
that the difference between the specifications on
which hisfirsunspection wasmadeand thoseofthc j
second was in the following particulars, namely: i
the one required hubs to be of elm and felloes of '
yellow oak, while the other required hubs to be
of gum and felloes to be of white oak. The com-
mittee did not think these slight discrepancies
imposed upon Captain Sawtelle the necessity for
making a second inspection and a second report?
and they are confirmed in that opinion by the fact
that he has not, in either of his reports upon the
wagons in controversy, informed them whether
the hubs and felloes were of one material or the
other. If, therefore, the testimony of Captain
Sawtelle was the only evidence in the case, it
would be somewhat difficult to say that the wag-
ons were unsuited to the purpose for which they
were built, because that testimony is contradic-
tory in itself. But his testimony is also contra-
dicted by the certificate of Mr. W. C. Patten, who
certifies that the wagons were " made of good
stock, and in accordance with the specifications
laid down in the contract."
This evidence seems to the committee much
more satisfactory than that of Captain Sawtelle;
for even if it be not consistent with truth, U is, at
least, consistent with itself, which the evidence of
Captain Sawtelle is not. Besides, there is evi-
dence in the case which shows that Mr. Patten is
an experienced wagon-builder. There is no evi-
dence to show that Captain Sawtelle ever made
one. Mr. Patten saw the wagons while they were
building; he inspected them before they were
painted. There wasno evidence that Captain Saw-
telle ever saw them until they were completed and
painted and i emoved to Peri y ville. The evidence
shows that Mi. Patten was the agent of the Gov-
ernment, specially appointed for the very purpose
of inspecting and reporting upon the construction
of these wagons. There is no evidence that Cap-
tain Sawtelie had any more authority to inspect
and rcject those wagons than any teamster would
have had who might be hired to drive them. There
was evidence in the case to show that Mr. Patten
is "a man of high moral character, and above the
suspicion of practicing fraud in any capacity in
which he may be placed." There was no such
evidence in reference to Captain Sawtelie. More-
over, the evidence of Mr. Patten was corroborated
by the statements of other witnesses. Robert
Rowe made a part of the work and sold a part of
the material. He certifies to the good quality of
both, lie examined the first forty wagons, and
he ceitifies to their good qualities. J. It. Locke
superintended the building of all the wagons. He
certifies that they were "thoroughly made, of good
stock, well seasoned, and, in e\eiy particular,
agreeably to the specifications;" that he has had
the experience of twenty years in building heavy
wagons, and m that time has superintended sev-
eral Government jobs.
Edward ltiddle, of Boston, swears that he has
had an experience of twenty yeai s m the carriage
business; that he examined these wagons as they
passed through Boston on their way to Perry-
ville; that he" had frequently examined wagons
made for the Government by other parties, and
that these wagons were fully equal to any Army
wagons that he had seen made in that State.
There was, on the contrary, no evrdence in the
case corroborative of the testimony of Captain
Sawtelle. Besides, the agent of the "Portland
I Company" certifies that he sold to Mr. Brown the
i axles for those wagons; that the latter purchased
| the best quality of axles, when he might have
' purchased tiie same articles made of common iron
| two dollars per set less than he paid. There was
! no evidence in the case to show that he purchased
I of any one mfeiior mateiial for the sake of gct-
; ting it at a rcdua d price. And, upon summing
| up the whole case, the simple question presented
seems to be this: whether, when the Government
i of the Unitrd States has purchased goods, has re-
ceived them, and removed them hundreds of miles
from the former proprietor, it ought to pay for
them. In the opinion of the committee it ought,
| and they accordingly reported a bill for the pay-
j ment of Mr. Brown.
] Mr. FOSTER. I confess, Mr. President, that
I fiorn the reading of that report I come to a different
; result from that at which the committee have ar-
! uved. It appears that there was a contract made
i| wrth tins clmmant for the making of one hundred
Army wagons. That contract wasmade through
,! the Quartermaster General. The claimant shows
that he made the wagons, that they were sent to
the place specified by some officer connected with
the Government, and that when thereafter an in-
spection directed by the Quartet master General,
they were rejected because not made conformably
to the contract. There is in the report of the
committee a comparison of the evidence on the
question whether they were made conformably to
the contract or not.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator will allow
me to correct him right there, for I see he is in
error. "When the Government made this contract
they put in it that William C. Patten should in-
spect the wagons while they were being built, and
after they were built; and Mr. Patten did inspect
them while they were being built, he having been
agreed upon by the Government as the man who
was to do it, and he inspected them after they
were made and gave a certificate that they were
,jtroperly made. He was the only man on eaith
who was agreed upon to inspect them. When
they got to Perryville,an unauthorized individual,
who had no authority in the case, made a second
inspection.
Mr. FOSTER. Whether the individual who
made the examination after they got to Perryville
was unauthorized may admit of doubt. It seems*
that his action was recognized by the Quarter-
master General, who is certainly an authorized
officer of the Government and the authorized offi-
cer of the Government to make contracts of this
description. He may make mistakes; he may
c.ommitfrauds; buthe is the officer through whom
this Government acts in relation to matters of this
description. As I understand his communication
to the committee, he expressly states that these
wagons were not made conformably to the con-
tract and were not by him accepted, and that is
the reason they were not paid for. It must, there-
fore, certainly be admitted that an authorized
agent of the Government, the agent who made
the contract, says it has not been complied with,
and that is tire reason why payment has not been
made. I would not support an officer of theGov-
ernment in doing injustice .or in allowinginjust-ice
to be done to a contractor; but I would not as-
sume that the officer had done wrong, nor would
I find the fact that lie had done wrong, until there
was more evidence than I discover m the report
of the committee in this case.
It may be that this is all right. I know nothing
about the matter except whatlgatherfrom listen-
ing to the report as it has been read at the desk.
The committee no doubt have more full and am-
ple means ofknowledge on the subjectthan I have;
but fi om a single reading of the report it does seem
to me that we shall be going further than it is pru-
dent to go in the payment of claims to pass this
bill while, at the same time, we are reproaching
the officers of the Government for making improvi-
dent con tracts, and unnecessarily wasting the pub-
lic money. If that be the case, and we by way of
coircctmg the ewl vote to pay those whom they
refuse to pay, the people, who after all pay these
bills, will stand a chance of being twice ileeced,
first by the officers of the Government and next
by us; for we now propose to order payment where
the officers refuse to pay, and they, as it is con-
stantly asserted, pay much more than they should.
I am in favor of the Government paying its debts.
I am also in favor of having those who make con-
tracts with the Government perform those con-
tracts. 1 do not believe as a general thing that
the officers of the Government are too strict in
holding contractors to a performance of the con-
tracts which they make; and I cannot therefore
oh tins evidence'vote to pay a contractor where
the Government officer says the contract has not
been performed.
'Mr. HOWE. I have no sort of doubt thattlie
Senator from Connecticut is in favor of the Gov-
ernment paying its debts, and therefore I have no*
| goit of doubt that he wjll vote for the passage of
Ij tins bill. I think the Senator from Connecticut
|; has not had a fair opportunity to understand the
!| question at issue.
Ij Mi. GRIMES and others. Letit lie over, then.
|! Mr. HOWE. I have not the slightest objec-
ji tion. I did not ask to have it considere.d now.
j Mr. GPJMES. The bill has only been pre-
j se.nted this morning, and we aie called upon to
| vote for it at once. 1 have never heard of it be-
' fore. It ought to lie over until we have had an
i opportunity to look into it.
