WW
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
floor as the representative of my constituents,
performmgmy duty condescending. The high-
est position a man can hold in this House is that
of a representative of one hundred and fifty thou-
sand people, sent here by their willing votes,and
not by a mere majority of votes elected here as
the Presiding Officer of this body.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I did not make any
personal remarks in regard to my distinguished
friend. Far bo it from me to throw any stain
upon him for his condescension. I admire him
too much for his fairness and justice in presiding
over our deliberations to reproach him. Never
has he heard a word of that kind from me. But
when he comes down from his exaltation to this
floor and undertakes to engineer a resolution
through this House for the expulsion of a brother
member, he must take the consequences of the
debate winch he inaugurates.
Mr. COLFAX. I am willing to do so, per-
fectly willing.
Mr. COX. My friend does not seem now to
be willing to do it. He shall not be interrupted
if he answer whether he .stands by Mr. Lincoln
or not in these traitorous sentiments which I read
from his speech. I am opposed to all such sen-
timent?, opposed to secession, opposed to revo-
lution, and opposed to any change of our Gov-
ernment, except in pursuance of the Constitution
by the amendment thereof. That is the position
of the members on this side. But Mr. Lincoln
was elevated to the Presidency by that lawless
paity on the other side, knowing his sentiments
to be in favor of secession and revolution, in favor
of "any portion of the people that can, revolu-
tionizing and making their own so much of the
territory as they inhabit." I ask gentlemen, if
my colleague deserves expulsion, does not the
Piesident deserve impeachment?
But if gentlemen say these questions are gone
by, then i come to the condition of things since
the war and press the question which was not
answered, why did you not expel Mr. Conway
last Congress? I received no reply. I now ask,
why nut expel the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr
Julian.] the colleague of the Speaker, for his
speech on the homestead law, wheivm he ex
pressed sentiments which, if carried out, wonh
nring about in the North the very convulsion and
anarchy which we now unhappily have in the
South.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] on
the 18th of March, 18G4  held these sentiments:
"Congress must repeal the joint resolution of last >\.ar
which protects the for of" rein I landholders. The Presi-
dent, as f am wHI advised, now st.imN iea ly to join us in
such action. Should we f.nl 10 do this the eouns miiot
so Interpret the joint re.soluuon to make its repeal necd-
Should both Uongi^s and tho eouiH f-tnnd in tin
way of the mulon'.s life, then 1 the red hghtnJnaol the peo
ple;* wmth' must cmu-uinc the recreant men who icl"u>e to
execute the popular will. Our country, united and fiee,
must bo paved, at vvh.uevei haznid oi cost; and nothing,
not even Ih# Constitution, must be allowed to hold back the
uplifted arm of the Government m blasting the power of the
rebels forever
Now, Mr. Speaker, wo on this side of the
House, in our simplicity, were taught last session
of Congress by a patriotic and learned member of
the opposite party from Massachusetts, (Judge
Thomas,) that there could be no Union without
the Constitution; that there could be no war car-
ried on except in pursuance of the Constitution;
that in using the appliances for subduing the re-
bellion we are acting within the pale of the Con-
stitution; that we seek domestic tranquillity alone
by the sword the Constitution has placed in our
hands; that in the path of war, as of peace, the
Constitution is our guide and our light, the cloud
by day , tho pillar of fire by night; that in preserv-
ing the Union and the Constitution wo vindicate
in every part the indivisible Republic in its su-
preme law; that in seeking to change the Consti-
tution, to break or overleap it, we become tho
rebels we are striving to subdue; that all our la-
bors and sacrifices for the Union of our fathers
are for the Constitution, which is its only bond;
that to make this a war, with the sword in the one
hand to defend the Constitution, and a hammer
in the, other hand to break it to pieces, is no less
treasonable than secession itself; and that outside
of the pale of the Constitution the whole struggle
is revolutionary.
If these sentiments be true, sir—and no one
will question them—why was not the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] expelled for the trea-
sonable sentiments I have quoted! Why was
not a similar resolution to this moved in relation
to him? We on this side do not do it. We are
in favor of the largest liberty of debate by the
popular Representatives. We understand that,
the Constitution guaranties such debate. We did
not disturb your Judge. Conway last session for
his resolutions. We did not vote for his resolu-
tions; but you are responsible for his continuance
in his position till the end of the last Congress.
If it were a reproach to the country, as our
distinguished Speaker has stated, that a man
should express himself here in favor of the rec-
ognition of the southern confederacy; if it dis-
honors and weakens us abroad and impairs our
energies and discourages ourefforts at home; if it
were equivalent to allowing members of the Rich-
mond congress to come here and take part in
our deliberations, (as the Speaker has alleged,)
why was not the expulsion of the member from
Kansas proposed by him? Ah ! his case was of
a different hue then. It was of a darker shade
then. Now you are in favor of expelling a man
from our midst who was sent here by the people,
because he utters the same sentiments which this
side repudiates,anil which one of your own side
uttered last session, and which you never sought
to repudiate by the grave process of expulsion.
But the Speaker did not resume his seat until
he had made a fling at the Democracy of my
State for supporting Mr. Vallandigham. Mr.
Speaker, I took some part in the last contest for
the Govcrnoiship of Ohio. 1 did not fully agree
with tho gentleman who is now in exile, as mem-
bers know, in his votes 011 tilts floor, nor in re-
gard to his peculiar "views of policy or peace. 1
upheld sadly but firmly the swoid, after it had
been unsheathed, lest a worse alternative should
ensue—the disunion of our beloved country.
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman from Ohio read
only a pin lion of n paiagr<iph from the speech
which I delivered in this House, and I wish he
would allow me to have read at the desk the en-
tire paragraph which 1 have marked.
Mr. COX. If the members on the other side
of the House will agree to extend my time I will
yield for that purpose. I will insert it in my speech
when it comes to be printed. I cannot yield now,
as I have very little tune left.
Mr. JULIAN. It is only a brief paragraph.
Mr. COX. As 1 have said, I will yield if my
time is extended.
Mr. WASIII5URNE, of Illinois. I object to
the extension of the gentleman's time.
Mr. COX. I will insert 111 my speech what
the gentleman desires, butas the extension of my
time is objected to, 1 cannot yield to him. The
gentleman does not deny that 1 have quoted him
fairly so far as I have gone. Did not the gentle-
man say that he was in favor of breaking down
the Constitution to save the country?
Mr. JULIAN. It is a perversion of what I
did say.
Mr. COX. I would rather have it from your
own hps than from any report. Are you in favor
of breaking down the Constitution?
Mr. JULIAN. I will answer the gentleman
from Ohio. I said explicitly in the paragraph of
my speech which I have asked the gentleman to
allow to be read, that there was no necessity in
the world for breaking down the Constitution in
any of its parts to put down the piesentrebelhon
in the South. That is my position. 1 said the
Constitution was made for the people, not the
people for the Constitution; and that our fathers
were not fools but wise men, who armed the nation
with the power to crush its foes as well as to pro-
tect its friends.
Mr. COX. If that necessity existed?
Mr. JULIAN. If it were necessary to save the
life of the nation to depart from the letter of the
Constitution I would, as I said in my speech,
blast the power of the rebellion forever by the
strong hand of war.
Mr. COX. I, too, would blast the power ofthe
rebels by the strong hand of war; but 1 regard the
life of the nation as bound up wall the Constitu-
tion, and that to blast the Constitution you blast
the Government. And by destroying the Con-
stitutiou you do not put an end to this war nor
il suppress the rebellion.
Mr, JULIAN. Let me ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. JULIAN. 1 ask the gentleman whether,
if the salvation of the nation's life required the
violation of the letter of the Constitution, the gen-
tleman would be willing to save the life of the
nation at that cost.
Mr. COX. I regard it as utterly impossible,
under God, ever to save the life of the nation by.
tearing out its vitals—its heart and brain. The
Constitution is the frame in which the Govern-
ment is enshrined. I-know no other Government
except that embodied in the Constitution. This
is the Government which you are sworn to sup-
port; not sworn to support, sir, in a certain emer-
gency; not sworn to destroy, if necessary to save
the life ofthe country, hut unconditionally to sup-
port at all times anil in all places, as if that life
were bound up with it forever. You have taken
upon your soul the oath to sustain that Consti-
tution. Now you say on certain conditionsyou
would break your oath! What is moral treason?
What is moral perjury? I do not charge these
upon the gentleman; hut I beg him to reconsider
and call back his words.
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me right here ?
Mr. COX. I will, if the gentleman thinks I
have done him injustice.
Mr. JULIAN. I have taken that oath, and I have
asserted publicly that there is no necessity in the
world for violating it. But the gentleman has not
answered the interrogatory which I propounded
to him. i wish him to state explicitly whether,
if the life of the nation could only be saved by a
violation of the Constitution, he would be willing
to save it in that way. [Laughter on the Repub-
lican side of the House.]
Mr. COX. I will answer the question. 1 am
used to laughter from that side ot the House. It
does not distract me, for laughter is not logic.
What is the life ofthe nation, sir, of winch we
hear so much ? 1 know no other life of the nation
except that incarnate in the written Constitution,
which protects property, person, home, con-
science, liberty, and life. Take away these, and
there is no nation. Society is stagnant and dead.
The gentleman regards liberty as the life of the
nation—a sort of ill-defined liberty for black and
white, I suppose. I regard the Constitution as
the embodiment of constitutional freedom in this
country, the very body, life, and soul ofthe Union.
That is the Constitution of the United States.
When you strike that down you strike down the
life of the nation. Therefore we, on this side,
have determined, in order to save the life of the
Government, to save the Constitution from de-
struction.
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman allow mo
to ask him another question?
Mr. COX. If the gentleman is not fully an-
swered I will say this, that under no circum-
stances conceivable by the human mind"®
would I ever violate that constitution for.
ANYPURrosE. [Cries of"That's it!" " That'sit '"
from the Democrat icside ofthe House.] As Judge
Thomas has said, " 1 would cling to it as the
bond of unity in the past, as the only practical
bond of union in the future; the only land lifted
above the waters, on which the ark o£theUnion
can be moored. From that ark alone will go out
the dove, blessed of the Spirit, which shall return
bringing in its mouth the olive-branch of peace."
To compass its destruction as a probable or pos-
sible necessity, is the very "gospel of anarchy,
tho philosophy of dissolution."
Mr. JULIAN. I want to ask the gentleman a
question.
Several Members on the Democratic side ob-
jected.
Mr. COX. If there be any man in this Cham-
ber who holds or utters any other sentiment in
reference to the Constitution and his oath than
this which I have expressed, I say to him that
language has no term of reproach, and the mind
no idea-of detestation, adequate to express the
moral leprosy and treason couched in his lan-
guage and clinging to his soul. I will not desig-
nate such utterances by any harsher language in
ii parliamentary body.
When interrupted by the member from Indi-
ana I was about to go a little further in answer
to what the Speaker said in reference to the £>c-
