2486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
is going on, and so that it will be published the
next morning. Unless he waits until the Senate
adjourns before he commences to make out his re-
port, it is not possible for him to judge what space
should be given to one part of the speech and what
reserved for another. A Senator rises, and the re-
porter does not know whether he is going to speak
five minutes or two hours. He gives no analysis
of his speech to begin with; it is impossible to
make a tolerable report of it and send H off while
the proceedings are going on. The only way to
have an accurate ana thorough synoptical report
is to have it prepared and revised after the adjourn-
ment, and then it would have to be transmitted at
the expense of Congress, for the newspapers
would not do it.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone 
Mr. ANTHONY. If it is the pleasure of the
Senate to take a vote now on this bill, without de-
bate, we may as well do it.
Mr. COLLAMER. We are not ready to do it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I will not press it
now.
VOTING IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all previous
orders and take up Senatejomt resolution No. 57.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. No. 57) to amend
the charter of the city of Washington,
Mr. SUMNER. On examining this joint res-
olution I ijnd that itis entitled a "joint resolution
to amend the charter of the city of Washington;"
of course in that aspect it is very important. On
looking into the resolution I find that it provides
as follows:
That In case any person shall offer and claim the right to
vote at any election held in the city of Washington, whose
name is not registered, his name shall be registered by the
conmiistjtoners of election upon the terms and conditions
following.
It will be observed here that the languago is
very broad. It is applicable to any. person who
shall offer and claim the right to vote atany elec-
tion, and his name shall be registered upon cer-
tain specified conditions. Proceeding with the
resolution, it appears the first condition is that
he shall take a certain oath which is set forth, and
if he be unable to understand the English language
it is further provided that the oath shall be inter-
preted to him, so that it will be observed that this
clause actually contemplates that certain persons
shall bo registered who do not speak the English
language. It then proceeds to say:
tf In his answers on oath lit- shall mute positively that
he has resided m the city one year next preceding the day
of mid election, designating pumenlaily the place ot his
residence, and that he po^i^M-* the other qualifications uf
an elector, and if, furihnrmore, some qualified elector of
the city,not a candidate For any office at that election, shall
take an oath before said commissioners, which any one of
them inav admunwtm, that ho Ih well acquainted with such
applicant; that he is, in (act, a resident in the city, and
has been one year next previous to such election, and that
he (qualified clecioi) ha-s good leason to believe and does
believe that all the statements of such applicant are tine,
the eommiv.ioncr>j ^hall cause Ins name to be registered by
tiieircleik,andhhall then receive the vote ot waid applicant.
Now, it will be perceived from these words
which I have read, first and last, that itis directly
applicable, in the first place, to any person who
shall offer and claim the right to vote at an elec-
tion, but after taking the oath he is to show resi-
dence for a certain term in the city, and then it.
is added, he is also to show that " he possesses
the other qualifications of an elector.*' What
are the other qualifications of an elector?" j
presume if we go back to the original charter we
shall find it is that qualification which, as 1 said
the other day, is the tail of slavery, that discrim-
ination of color left to us unhappily by the former
presence of slavery in the national capital. I
know not if the committee that reported this bill
propose to keep alive that ancient ami odious dis-
crimination; but it seems to mo that if the lan-
guage of this joint resolution be interpreted ac-
cording to its natural signification, and certainly
as such language is apt to be interpreted here in
Washington, it will operate to the exclusion of
persons except of the favored color. I know my
friend from Oftio does not contemplate any such
exclusion; but this joint resolution which seeks
to amend the chartei of the city of Washington
oughtto be made clear and also m that respect un-
objectionable; it ought not to bo made the means
of continuing and of extending that odious dis-
crimination. I therefore propose to amend the
joint resolution by adding to it these words:
Pro vided, That there shall be no exclusion of any person
from the register on account of color.
Mr. WADE. I suppose the Senator from
Massachusetts knows what my views are as to
the question of the exclusion of colored persons
from the right of voting. I have stated my views
on that question often enough, and I have ex-
pressed them by my votes occasionally. It was
not my purpose in reporting this joint resolution
to alter the present law on that subject, and it
does not contemplate any such thing now. There
is another measure pending upon which that ques-
tion as to the qualification of voters in this Dis-
trict will come before us and will be debated and
passed upon by the Senate. The object of this
joint resolution is barely to regulate the right of
voting among the qualified voters of the District,
without adding to or diminishing anything from
the qualifications now fixed. It is a temporary
measure, necessary for the justice of the approach-
ing election, without which a fair vote of the
whole qualified electors cannot be had. By an
old law, persons must be registered six months
before the election in order to be entitled to vote.
The election for mayor of the city will soon come
on; and as the law does not provide for register-
ing any one whose name was not registered six
months ago,itcauses great difficulty. The judges
of election,as I understand, have sometimes con-
strued that law in different ways, biased proba-
bly very much by their party predilections as the
elections have come on from time to time. The
object of this joint resolution is barely to fix the
law on that point and to give effect to a custom
that I understand has sometimes prevailed in the
District, which is a fair one so far as the voting
of the qualified electors is concerned. Many of
them have not been registered, not availing them-
selves of the old law, perhaps because they were
absent from the city, perhaps from carelessness,
or from a thousand other reasons. The result
is, as I am told, that some of the oldest and most
respectable persons in this city are not eligible to
vote at the coming election under the technicali-
ties of the old law. The committee only wish,
in accordance with the will of the people here, to
rectify that so that there may be a fair election.
It does not contemplate going into the question of
the right of suffrage, or extending that right be-
yond those who are at present authorized to exer-
cise it. It does not widen the suffrage; it does
not narrow it. It does no more than to permit
those who are qualified under the existing laws
to come in fairly and vote, instead of being de-
prived of the right by the technicalities of the old
law, which render it impossible for some of the
best men in the city to vote at the coming elec-
tion.
As I said before, there are different construc-
tions put upon the law. Sometimes it has been
construed m one way and sometimes in another,
biased undoubtedly by the party predilections of
the judges. Atany rate it is uncertain, and it
ought to be made certain. This joint resolution
is brought up for that special purpose. Of course
wo all know that if we undertake now to fix the
elective franchise permanently, if we undertake
to alter the qualifications of electors here, wo
cannot pass this resolution in time for it to be of
any avail. There is a bill back of this which
fixes that matter, and I suppose I need not now
define my position upon that bill, because it is
well known that I am utterly opposed to any re-
striction upon the voting of any intelligent person
in the community, whatever his color or condi-
tion may be. 1 do not think it is proper for us
on this occasion to attach such an amendment as
is now proposed, because it is not the object to
iai.se that question on this resolution, and if it be
brought up we cannot puss the resolution in time
to make it available. We might as well say that
we will pass no law on any subject until this
grievance is corrected, if grievance it be. I know
that I am as strenuous an advocate for the right
of voting for colored people as the Senator from
Massachusetts; and whenever a case can be made
where that question can be tested, I shall en-
deavor to make myself known and understood
upon it, if I have not already done so. I do not,
however, think it is incumbent upon us to insist
upon it ail the tune whenever the question may
be raised in any possible shape. We know that !
it is impracticable to act upon it now. This is a
temporary law. The permanent law is before us
and can be acted upon hereafter. This is a tem-
porary measure to do the meed of justice to the
qualified electors now under existing iaw, that the
exigency requires. If we cannot now do-all the
justice we want to do, let us do what we can, and
when the other bill comes up let us fix it right
according to our judgment. I do not suppose
this is a question of the greatest importance; but
it is a question of some importance to the people
here who are interested in having their political
rights fairly weighed and appreciated in the Dis-
trict. Without this joint resolution it cannot be
done.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the argument
of my friend from Ohio was that the measure
now before the Senate was temporary in its char-
acter. That is inconsistent with the title of the
joint resolution. As I read it, itis as follows 
Mr. WADE. Let me explain: I say tempo-
rary, because we all know that there is a bill
fixing the right of voting that I suppose is in-
tended as a permanent law. This is temporary
in that view. That is all I meant.
Mr. SUMNER. That certainly will not jus-
tify my friend in his argument, for on the face of
it this is permanent. It is as permanent as any-
thing else in the existing charter. Its title is ** to
amend the charter of the city of Washington."
When this is done, what assurance has my friend
that anything else will be done ? There is a bill
on our tables. How many other bills are there
on our tables relating to other matters which we
may not reach during this session, or, if we reach,
on which we cannot expect harmonious votes in
the two Houses ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must interrupt the Senator to call up the order of
the day, being the tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL. Let us vote on this.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest that we finish
this joint resolution. It has been up two or three
days and the debate is nearly througn. I observe
that by taking up a bill one day and leaving it
unfinished it takes up as much time the next day.
I hope the Senator from Maine will allow us to
dispose of this question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is tobenomore
debate I shall not object.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the debate is
about ended. I suggest it for the purpose of get-
ting on with the business of the Senate. 1 am
anxious for an early adjournment. There io cer-
tainly no necessity for elaborating this question;
we can all understand the condition of the negro
in respect to public affairs now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the further consideration of the joint
resolution before the Senate?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object if there is to be
any further debate.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope there will be no fur-
ther debate, but that we shall vote on the amend-
mentofthcSenatorfrom Massachusetts,and then
on the joint resolution. It is necessary that some
action should be taken. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts 
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to throw any
impediment in the way of business.
Air. CONNESS. Then let us vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to make a remark in
reply to my friend from Ohio. I had not finished
what 1 have to say. It is very little I have to say.
Mr. DAVIS. If this subject is going to pro-
duce further debate, I object to its going on. If
the Senator from Massachusetts makes a speech
theie will be speeches in reply to it, 1 do not care
whether his speech is long or short.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate,
then, will resume the consideration of the special
order.
INTERNAL KEVENUE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
405) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inquire if the Senator from Maryland desires
at this time a vote on the amendment which he
submitted yesterday?
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance proposed him-
