1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tnocracy of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I took a part in
the campaign of last year, as I said, not because
I approved of the peculiar peace notions of my
former colleague. It was well known in Ohio
that my votes here did not always coincide vdtlr
his, and that my sentiments did not agree with
his altogether; but when by an arbitrary arrest,
without warrant, without a fair trial, in defiance
of the Constitution, in defiance of a law passed
by ourselves, in defiance of English and American
traditions, petitions,and bills of right, he was ar-
rested and exiled, the Democracy of Ohio raised an
issue in favor of fair trial, freespeech, the immuni-
ties of personal freedom , and an honestand lawful
administration of public affairs. That was our
only issue. 1 took ground everywhere in favor
of the liberty of the citizen and the integrity of
the Constitution. Disagreeing always with the
peculiar tenets held by him in relation to coer-
cion, I held that he had the same right to speak#
for peace as the soldier to fight for it. But 1 will
say this for him, that nowhere, here or at home,
did he ever utter a sentimentordo an act looking
to the recognition of the southern confederacy.
He said in his place in this House, again and
again, and quoted Mr. Calhoun's opinions on the
Mexican war in his justification, that he would
not oppose the voting of men and money to carry
on this war, the responsibility for which he did
not covet nor bear. But, sir, he never would
consent to a peace based upon recognition. He
so said in the North, and he said the same in his
exile in the South.
We wpro defeated in Ohio on account of the
issue made on the peace sentiment. I bowed to
that decision. But, sir, while there are some in
our party opposed to coercion and in favor of a
peace indiscriminately, without regard to conse-
quences, the great body of the Democratic people
in our State and in the North have never gone
beyond one conclusion; and that is, they are for-
evcropposed to curtailing tlie limitsof ourcmpirc
by the recognition of a new nation carved outof our
territory and made up of our Stafes and people.
Come war, come peace,come anything, we would
bring about a restoration of the old Government,
with the old order. Our determination is to fal-
low the line of duty laid down by the distinguished
Governor of New York, Horatio Seymour, to
superadd to force the policy of conciliation; not
to withdraw our forces from the field und yield
to the South independence, but to superadd one
-other element of Union—kindness and Christi-
anity. If gentlemen cannot understand how two
such ideas are compatible in the same mind with
each other and with patriotism, I cannot teach
them. While we have been ever ready to sustain
our gallant soldiers in the field by our money
and our men, we have been also ready at every
hour of our triumph and at every opportunity for
compromise to extend an honorable amnesty to
the erring; not the jugglery of the executive am-
nesty, based upon a proclamation of abolition
which is a lie, but an amnesty which shall bring
back the great body of the people South—if it be
yet possible—to their old allegiance. We desire
to make our victories consequential by the reha-
bilitation of the States as they were, and to make
out of them and not outof illegitimate States—the
flffspring of a corrupt Executive—the old Union,
ane and indivisible I
This is the policy of the northern Democracy.
Upon that platform we intend to con tend in the No-
vember election. Whoever may be our candidate,
lhat will be our doctrine, and you cannot (as the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] tried
to do yesterday,) give it a different interpretation,
because of the speech of my colleague, [Mr.Long,]
or because of the partisan attempt to expel him
for the sentiments he has uttered.
We accept as our platform the integrity of the
Union. Upon that platform we will never, in
any emeigency of this Republic, yield up this
country and its Constitution to secession, and
to its baleful counterpart, abolition. "Amid all
the daikness, the thick darkness around us, we
will cling to fhe single, simple, sublime issue—the
Constitution, and the Union of which it is the
bond; the old Union. God bless the old Union,
and the wrath of the Lamb of God shrivel to
their very sockets the arms lifted to destroy it;
not in vengeance, but in rneiey to them and to all
mankind."
Mr. KELLEY. We have witnessed, to accept
the language of the gentleman who has just taken
his seat, [Mr. Cox,] two extraordinary spectacles
this morning, for one, the earlier, of which I am
deeply grateful. We have seen the Speaker of
the House leave his chair and move what, in my
judgment, is a very appropriate resolution of ex-
pulsion; and we have beheld a member of the
House attempt to justify by indirection that which
he dare not vindicate, the language and purposes
of his colleague whose expulsion has been pro-
posed. Is the gentleman in favor of the doeti ines
uttered yesterday afternoon by his colleague, or
does he disavow any of them? In a brief pass-
ing phrase he makes a disavowal, but the remain-
der of the hour he gave to a justification of his
treason.
Sir, he talks of 1861, and attempts to justify his
colleague by raising false issues and inelevant
questions. More than a century of ordinary his-
tory intervenes between the days of which he
speaks and the hour in which he makes his plea
for impunity for the utterance of tieason on the
floor of Congress. He says that the Lieutenant
Governor of Ohio, who was elected last fall, once
entertained doubts of the right to coerce a State
that might attempt to secede. What if he did?
What has that to do with the question.before the
House? But where did Mr. Stanton stand and
what was his attitude when he received the suf-
frages of so latge a ma jouty of the people of Ohio ?
It was on a war platform, ns a friend of the vig-
orous prosecution of the war, as a friend of the
Union, urging by voice and example the people
of Ohio to sustain the Government in all its ef-
forts to maintain its supremacy over every inch
of our broad territory; and it will not do to talk
of what his abstract opinions may have been three
years ago, before the rebels had begun the war,
any more than it would to impugn the patriotism
of Geneial Butler by referring to his votes m the
Charleston convention. We were then at peace.
Now we aic involved in bloody war.
Sir, the question before us is a question of law.
The member whose expulsion is moved has sworn
and subscribed the oath I hold in my hand, and
in which are these words:
uAs i wiil aiifwci under the pains and penalties of por-
jUiy, I tt.U (Hid defend Ike (JomSTtulivn of the Uni-
ted States against ail enemies, foi ei%n and domestic ; I inil
bear (rxie faith and cclleglance to the same; i take tins obli-
gation Ireciy, without any mental reservation nt ptitpo-eof
evasion; run! 1 wnlwi'ii and luiuilull} drchaige the dmu'B
of the office on winch I «\m ah'jut to eniei.5'
Sir, this test oath had not been incorporated
into the law of our country in 1861, and it is un-
der that oath that the gentleman's colleague is
arraigned; nor can the plea of abstract opinions
of the construction of the Constitution be raised
in vindicationOf his treason. The whole subject
is res adjudicata. The Supreme Court of tho Uni-
ted States, by which the gentleman on the other
side of the Rouse used to stand, has pussed upon
the question. That court, m the prize cases le-
ported in 2 Black, decided that tins Government
is involved in a war, a territorial war, and is rc.-
quired by the Saw of nations and by the Consti-
tution of the United States to treat the people of
the rebellious territory as alien or public enemies,
or at least that the Government may elect between
its belligerent powers and its sovereign powers;
nay, need not elect between them, but may exer-
cise them all in order to bring the war to a speedy
and successful close.
Will not the gentleman or some of his colleagues
utter a living voice and not croak from the tomb
of 1861? Arc there no men upon that side of the
House who remember the oath they have taken,
and who find a decision of the United States laws
binding on their conscience? The gentleman says
that his colleague speaks for himself alone. Sir,
docs he vote by himself and alone? Is his voice
the only one that utters such sentiments? Did
not the distinguished leader of his party, tho gen-
tleman from Now Yoik city, [Mr. Fernakdo
Wood,] tell us early in the session substantially
what he told us yesterday, while carefully guai d-
mg himself so as to keep his expressions wuhni
the limits of the law? Dit  he not toll us that it
was impossible to conquer an agricultmal people
of the xiumei ical force of the lebeis? That om war
way wicked, ci uel, and a waste of human hie?
That it could never bring an affirmative result'
And aretheie not always a body of men suuly t<>
vote, let the question he what u may, with him
who ycstcidnyso frankly pleaded the cau&e of
the rebels? No, he did not utter the voipe of an .
individual. He echoed—nay, it was hotan echo*— ,
he uttered more boldly than others have dared to '
do the key-note that guides the conduct of the-
ruling spiritsof the Democratic party in this Housq ]
and throughout the country. In his speech; we-'
find the key to that concert of action which rallies '
them all upon every proposition that may embar-
rass the Government in any of its departments.
1 speak of the leading and ruling minds of "the
other side of the House, for my eye rests hpon
gentlemen who often rise above.party and .vote
with the country.
But the gentleman spoke for that solid phalanx
which is the vertebrae, muscle, and nerve of the
Democratic party, and gives it character through-
out the country, "pur brothers," said the gen-
tleman, [Mr. Cox,] "our brothers in the Army
stand by the country, but do not approve of the
Afiicanized policy of the Administration.55 Now,
sir, if this be true, and all their brothers in the
ajmy are to be found among the men who voted
against the Administration in the Ohio election,
what I have to say of them is that they are hardly
numerous enough to talk about. If the gentle-
man's assertion be true, there is hat dly a brother
apiece to the members of this House in the Army;
buT. God only knows, certainly I do not, how*
many thousands of Ohio soldiers vo.ted against
the gentleman's peace doctiines and peace can;
didates and in favor of what he is pleased to
term " the Africanized policy of the Administra-
tion.5' I do not think that of the soldiers of
Pennsylvania you will find one in five hundred
that would not be r*-ady to brain the gentleman
from the second district of Ohio if he would utter
in their camps the doctrines that he utteied here
and for which his colleague pleads for impunity.
Gentlemen, make up the roll of your brothers in
the Army who are opposed to the Administration
and its policy. Parade them, that we may teach
our children to know just how large a delegation
the peace party has in the At my of the United
States. They will call the roll as a matter of
amusement as they sing " the House that Jack
built," or other luliabies.
This is a line time for gentlemen opposite to as-
sail my distinguished colleague, [Mr. Stevens,]
who is detained at home by sickness. " W*hen
the eat is away the mice will play." [Laughter.]
They have had a delicious time at the expense of
my veneiablo colleague this morning, but 1 ad vise
them to keep in their holes after he resumes his
seat. It was a brave sight to see the freedom with
which his aiguments, or rather their perversions
of his arguments, were put before the House to-
day. Who dare associate his name with that of
the traitors in arms against the Government?
None with impunity when he is present; and these
gentlemen would no morehave dared to make their
assaults on hint in his presence than they would
have dared attempt to scale the walls of high hea-
ven. lie pleads throughout his able argument
for an earnest prosecution of the war. lie founds
his theory on the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, and asks the Government to
exercise all the power with which it is armed
against the rebels—to treat them as " public ene-
mies " whose lands, whose ships, whose every
item of wealth, yes, whose \ery lives, are at the
mercy of the Government of the nation against
which they war. And shall he, holding doctrines
so sustained by theoty and absolute decision, and
impelled by such pati ioiic purposes, have.h is name
associated with that of one who comes before the
nation and cries, " Heaven bless the traitors and
curse my country," for that was substantially the
prayer of the gentleman fiom the second district
of Ohio ?
As to Judge Conway's resolutions, and the
tone of his speech, they found noapproval on this
floor. The lesolutions were tabled by a vote o,f
one in the negative, and every other voice in the
House in the affirmative. I well remember the
occasion; the motion was made by our lamented
friend from Illinois—Lovojoy, the earnest soul.
There was no voice to sympathise with them or
th-'u author. 13ut what was Judge Conway's
drift: It wtu that from the way the war was
. then diag^mg along, and from what he Regarded
i a.': the num.'!' ncv of the military administration,
| we would never conquer the South; but that if
| separation took place, the Union would be rees-
i tabhshtd by the conquest noithern ideas and
