THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONG11ESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EI YES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 18C4.
New Series No. 30.
The next amendment was after the word "di-
vision," in line fifteen of section three, to insert
the words, " Irain of ambulances;" so as to read,
" to each division train of ambulances two Army
wagons."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four to
strike out the words, in lines twenty-five, twenty-
six, twenty-seven, and twenty-eight, "to issue
the proper orders to the captain for the distribu-
tion of the ambulancesfor getting up the sick and
wounded previous to and in time of action, and
for the conveyance of the same while on the
march;" and in lieu of them to insert:
Previous to a march, and previous to and in time of action,
or whenever it may be necessary to use the ambulances,
lo rsMie the ptoper orders to the captain for the distribution
and management of the same; tor collecting the sick and
wounded, and conveying them to their destination.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after "Surgeon Gen-
eral," in line thhty-seven of section four, to insert
" the medical diiector of the array."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after "serv-
ing," in line thirty-nine of section four, the words,
44 and all reports to higher authority than the com-
manding officer of the Army corps shall be trans-
mitted through the medical director of the army
to which such Army corps belongs."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the sev-
enth section of the bill, in the following words:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the surgeon-in-ehtef of the division to detail two
medical officers and two hospital stewards daily, by roster,
to accompany the ambulances of the divt-don when on the
march, to attend to the sick and wounded in the ambu-
lances, and to see that they arc properly cared for; but no
person shall be allowed to entei and rule m an ambulance
alter the match is commenced without the wntten permis-
sion of the <enior medical officer of his regiment: Provided,
That no siek or wounded man, who requires to be carried
in an ambulance, ahall be rejected for want of such wiitten
permi-sion, but the >enior surgeon with the tram khall rn-
poit to the j.urgeon-iN-chief of the division the name of the
Mngeon of the ie<.'iment who ntuy have neglected 01 refused
to give such wntten permission. When on the march one
hah of the puvatesof the ambulance coips vhall accom-
pany, on foot, the ambulances to which they belong, to
lendcrtuch awtiuncc as maybe required. Tne teni,under
shall march in the tear of th'eir respective command-, to
conduct, under the order of the medical otficei, such men
u> may be unable to pioeeed to the ambulance*, or who
may be tnenpabh* of taking proper care of themselves until
the ambulances come up. When the case is of so venous
a natine as to tequite it, the ?-ui sjeon of the iegtmei t,or his
as-i'-tant, shall icm.ttn and dehvei the man to one of the
medical officer with the ambulances. At all othei times
the privates shall he with then respective tiains. 'Die med-
icine wagons will on the match be in then ptoper places
in the rearof the ambulances foi each bngadc. Upon oidi-
nnry marches tite ambulances and wagons belonging to the
tutin Will follow immediately in the rear of the division to
which such train i« attached. Office!-' connected with the
coi ps must be with the train when on the m:ucli • Provided,
That nothing contained in tin? section -hall be con-trued
to prohibit the commander of an at my, of an Anny coips,
or of an expedition, on the match, from giving the neces-
sary ordeis to meet any exigency which may arise.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight, line
four, to strike out the word " officers,*' and to in-
sert the word " persons."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight, line
fourteen, after the word " service," to strike out
the following words:
In all cases when ambulances are used the officers, non-
conmiH-ioned officers,and men belonging to them will ac-
company them. Whfti ambulances aie jequired for the
transportation of mek or wounded at division, bngade, or
regimental hea<iquattei>, they may be obtained a>? they aie
needed fot this putpose liom the divi-ion train, but no ambu-
lances? bclon<rini; to thi? coi shall be tetamed at such head-
quarters. Whenevei it may be necessary for a regimental
medical officer to use one ot more ambulances for ttans-
portmg sick 01 wounded, or to accompany an expedition
vvhcie they may be required for that put pose, he shall make
a requisition upon the first lieutenant of the ambulance
corps for hi5! division, whose duty it shall be to comply with
such requisition.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine, line
three, after the woid "corps*," to insert the words
80
" or such persons as may be specially assigned,
by competent military authority, to duty with the
ambulance corps for the occasion;" so that the
section will read:
That no person except the proper medical officers, or the
officers, non-eomm issioned officers, and privates of the am-
bulance corps, or such persons as may be specially assigned,
bv competent military authority, to do duty with the am-
bulance corps for the occasion, shall be permitted to take
or accompany sick or wounded men to the rear, either 011
maicli or upon the field of battle.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ten, line
three, after the word " designated," to insert " by
such uniform or;" so that it will i*ead:
That the officers, non-commissioned officers, and piivates
of the ambulance corps shall he designated by such uniform
or m such manner as the Secretary of War shall deem
proper.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing at the end of the bill as a new section:
Sec. H. Jlnd he it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the commander of the Army eoips to transmit to the
Adjutant General the names and tank of all officers and en-
listed men detailed for service in the ambulance corps of
such Army corps-, stating the organizations from which they
may have been so detailed; and it such officers and men
belong to volunteer organizations, the Adjutant General
shall thereupon notify the Governors of the several Stares
in which such organizations were nnsed of their detail tor
such service5 and it shall be the duty of the commander of
the Aimy corp- to lepoit to the Adjutant Genetal ft out time
to time the conduct and behavior ofthe officer- and enlMed
men ofthe ambulance corps, and the AdjutantGcneialshall
forward copies of >-ueh repoit^. so far as they relate to offi-
cers and enlisted men of volunteer organizations, to the
Governors of the Stales in which such organizations were
raised.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ingat the end of the bill as a new section:
Sec. 12. And he it finlhcr enatted, That nothing iti this
act «hall be construed' to diminish or impair the rightful au-
thoiity of the commanders of armies Aitny corps or sep-
arate detachments, over the medical and other officer and
the non-commissioned officers ami private* of their respect-
ive commands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That disposes of
the amendments reported by the committee.
Mr. WILSON". In section three, line fifteen,
after the word " wagons," I move to insert these
words:
And ambulances shall be allowed and furnished to divis-
ions, brigades, and commands not attached to any Army
eoips upon the same ba-is.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I desire to say
a word 01 two in explanation of the provisions of
this bill. The amendments that have been adopted
by the Committee on Military Affairs and sanc-
tioned by tin1 Senate were the suggestions that
came fiom officers in the Army and medical men
connected with the Army. After.the bill was in-
troduced, the committee sent to several generals
in different parts of the country and to leading
medical men copies of the bill with the request
that they should give us their opinions of it. We
have the opinions of quite a number of general
officers and of some of the medical directors of
the Armv, and we have made these modifications
in accordance with their suggestions, keeping the
bill substantially as it was introduced.
The bill was fiamed upon the order of Colonel
Letterman, providing for an ambulance corps for
the army of the Potomac, which was adopted at
Harrison's Landing in August, 1862, and has been
modified by orders since that date. Other armies
have since organized ambulance corps on sub-
stantially the same plan that was introduced into
the army of the Potomac. The bill introduced
into the Senate and now before it for consideration
is based substantially upon these various Army
orders. We have stricken out an entiic section
of the bill relating to operations in the field, with
a view of leaving that matter to such modifica-
tions and directions as may be necessary at differ-
ent times and in different locations of the country,
and in different armies; but the bill is substan-
tially the bill as first introduced into the Senate.
It will be remembered that at the last session of
Congress numerous petitions were presented and
referred to the Committees on Military Affairs in
both Houses, asking for a uniform ambulance
system in the country. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs of the Senate gave a great deal of time
to the consideration of the subject. We had be*«
fore the committee gentlemen who took an inter-
est in the subject fro in various parts ofthe country.
They gave us their views and their opinions. We
consulted with the leading medical men of the
Army and many generals in the Army, and wc
found the weight of opinion both of medical men
and of Army officers to be overwhelmingly against
the plan submitted to us. That plan provided for
the appointment of some four or five hundred
officers, and for the enlistment of from ten to
twelve thousand men to have the care of the am-
bulances. It was desired by the gentlemen in-
terested that the ambulances and all matters per-
taining to them should not be under the control
of the quartermasters of the Army, but should be
under the control of the medical department of
the Army.
This measure was for a long time before the
Committee on Military Affairs. While they were
considering the subject, it was introduced into the
House of Representatives and, as the Journals and
the Globe will show, considered very lightly, and
passed through the House of Representatives.
Their bill came here and was referred by the Sen-
ate to the Committee on Military Affairs in this
body, and after the most thorough examination
that we could give the subject, the committee could
not come to the conclusion to adopt that bill.
They believed that the system that had been or-
ganized in the army of the Potomac, which had
been adopted in General Grant *snrmy and General
Rosecrans'sarmyand General Foster's armyand
General Banks's army with certain modifications
adapted to their armies and their sections of the
country, wasa far better system than the one pro-
posed by that bill. They were sustained in that
opinion by nineteen twentieths of the medical
men and the officers of the Army. It was believed
by the committee that the plan ought not to be
adopted. They reported against its adoption,
and their report was accepted without any division,
in the Senate.
The committee believed, and subsequent reflec-
tion sustains them in the belief, that the existing
system was an admirable system; that, like every-
thing else connected with our Army, it was im-
proving; and that it might be made just as perfect
as anything connected with the Atmy could be
made. By that system, officers could be detailed
from the vauous corps to perform this duty. If
they failed to do their duty well they could be
sent back again immediately. Privates could be
detailed from other regiments to do this duty. If
they did not do it well they could be immediately
sent back to their regiments and new men de-
tailed. Most of the men engaged in this service
had been in it for months, and some of them for
nearly two years. Many of those men had been
wounded on fields of battle in the performance of
their duty. It was believed that new officers and
new men enlisted for this purpose would not com-
pare in efficiency with the officers and men who
had been detailed to perform that service, and that
it would be a cruelty and a wrong to our soldiers
in the field to take away veteran officers and vet-
eran soldiers and enlist new officers and raw
soldiers to perform this great duty.
Well, sir, time has passed by. We are here
now considering this bill. Every hour's reflec-
tion goes to justify the position we then held; and
to-day there are but few men in the country that
ask us to make four or five hundred new officers
and to enlist eight or ten thousand raw men to
perform a duty that is now being performed by
detailed officers and detailed men who have be-
come veterans in the service and thoroughly un-
derstand their business. The committee, there-
fore, accepted the system that had grown up in
the Army, and desired to make ita uniform system
for all the armies of the country.
