THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
We sent to several of our leading officers to know
their opinion on the subject. General Grant
writes that the system as now proposed is agood
one; that it may be subject to modifications that
can be made by orders; but it is an admirable
system to be adopted for all our armies. General
Hooker says in regard to it, after suggesting a
modification which has been adopted by the Sen-
ate, "in other respects I regard the bill as unex-
ceptionable."
Mr. JOHNSON. Was a copy of the bill sent
to him?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir, a copy of the original
bill was sent to him. General Sykes, who com-
mand a corps in the army of the Potomac, says :
"In its main provisions, it is identical with orders No.
85 of this army, of August 94,1863. The system established
in those orders has been tested and found highly satisfac-
tory."
General Sedgwick, who commands the sixth
Army corps, says:
" It is essentially the same as now organized in this army,
and has been found to work admuably."
General French says of this bill:
"The system as embodied in the bill is almost practi-
cally perfect."
General Pleasanton who commands the cavalry
of the army of the Potomac, says of the bill:
"I am very glad to find it so neaily accords with the sys-
tem adopted for tiio service in tills army. The experience
of the past eighteen months has shown that the necessities
of {lie service will be fully met by the provisions of your
bill. While it provides in the most ample manner for tho
care of the sick and wounded, the checks against any abuse
are well considered, and will prove effective."
General Thomas writes a letter indorsing the
bill and suggesting an amendment which has been
adopted by the committee. All the amendments
recommended by general officers to modify the
bill were mere matters of detail, and have been in-
corporated into the bill, and with those modifica-
tions it has the sanction of these general officers
and also the sanction of several leading medical
men who have examined the subject. 1 have full
confidence, therefore, that the bill'as it now stands
will answer nil the«purposes needed. Jt is a gen-
eral direction and guide, leaving sufficient scope
for medical directors of armies to issue orders and
make such modifications and changes of detail as
may be necessary from time to time in their sev-
eral armies. By striking out one section of the
bill which provided for the administration in the
field, we leave that whole subject to be regulated
by orders, as we think it ought to bo; for there
should be, and must lie, perhaps, some little dif-
ference of detail of operation between an army
like the army of the Potomac, moving on land en-
tirely,and an army situated in some other part of
the country where they use boats and river com-
munication or railroad communication,and have
them at their command.
I think, therelore, sir, that the bill as it now
stands will meet the needs of the country. It ex-
tends to all our armies the system adopted eigh-
teen months ago in the army of the Potomac, and
which at Fredericksburg, at Chancellors ville, and
at Gettysburg, according to the testimony of our
officers, woilced most admirably. It has been
improving every day, and no doubt will continue
to improve so long as the war lasts; for, in this
depai^tment, as in every other, they an; everyday
learning something.
It has been suggested that we might introduce
into the service mule litters. I think that power
now exists in the War Department,and could bo
put under the same regulation; but if anygentle-
man thinks it necessary to introduce it into this
bill, I certainly have 110 objection, leaving the mat-
ter optional with the Government to introduce it. ,
I would not say here that they should do it, but j
would leave it to theiroption tointroduce it. The j!
present kind of ambulance has been found by ex- i'
perience to work very well. There are persons ||
in the country who think they mako better ones. i|
I hat may be so; but we choose not to settle that ||
question here, but to aliowthe properdepartments !'
to settle it. It is a matter of administration, and r
not of legislation. >
Mr. JOHNSON. The explanation of the chair- '
man of the Committee 011 Military Affairs, so for >
as 1 am able to understand the subject, seems to r
be quite satisfactory. I undeistand him to say '
substantially that the system which lus bill pro-
poses is the system which has been in operation •
in the array of the Potomac for some fifteen or
eighteen months, and the efl^ct ofthe bill is merely
to make that system uniform throughout the sev-
eral armies of the United States. I was about to
ask him whether in addition to the approval which
he has cited, which is satisfactory to me person-
ally, the bill has been submitted to the War
Department and has received their sanation, or
whether they have been consulted on the subject?
Mr. WILSON. The bill has not been formally
submitted to the War Department, but I under-
stand from conversations with the Secretary of
War that the plan adopted in the army of the Po-
tomac, and which has been used in the country,
was such as he was in favor of, and such as Gen-
eral Halleck was in favor of. The plan proposed
last year differed from this one 111 three respects.
In the first place, the ambulances, horses, and all
matters pertaining thereto, were to be under the
direction and control, not of the quartermasters
ofthe Army, but of tho medical men of the Army.
That was objected to on the ground that it would
make it cumbersome, would require two quarter-
master's assistants in reality in the same army,
and that it was a thing that must not be. Nearly
all the general officers of the Army were against
it, and the overwhelming mass of the best medical
men connected with the Army.
The next point was to organize the system in this
way. By the system adopted in the army of the
Potomac, and in all the other armies, the officers
and men are detailed temporarily. If they do
their duty well, they are retained; if they do not,
they can send them back again at any hour. The
practice has generally been to examine the officers
and see if they were fit for the service. We pro-
vide in this bill that the officers shall be examined
by a board to see if they are fit for this special
duty. The proposition last year was to appoint
some four or five hundred additional officers for
all the ai mies of the country, which would create
a large expense, and bring in a new class of of-
ficers. Wo thought that the old officers who would
not add to the expense, being dotailedfor the scr-
\ice, would be better than the new ones. They
would certainly be better until the new ones had
learned a little of their duties.
That plan proposed also to enlist the men for
this particular service. You would have to enlist
new men, and it would take six or twelve months
to enable those men to perform their duties as
well as they are now peiformed by the men de-
tailed for that purpose. Wc thought that was not
a good plan. If we had time to prepare these
men for the service, it might be a better nlan, or
it might be just as good, although, m my judg-
ment, nothing can he belter than the plan of de-
tailing for this service; because, if a wan is detailed
to perforin tins duty and does not do it well, all
that it is necessary to do is, not to bring him up
and try and nunish him, but send him back to his
regiment and call for a good man.
^ It so happens that the soldiers like this duty.
They are desirous of getting into this very corps,
and just as many of them are desirous of gettin<*
into the quartermaster'a and commissary's d<£
partments. These places are sought for. Under
the present system we have the security where
men seek the place that they can be sent back if
they do not do their duty. It is said to be pun-
ishment enough generally to the soldier to tell
him that if be tails in this duty again he will be
remanded back to his regiment; and it is said
that is a good coirective for the future.
Now, sir, this bill is simply a recognition of
the present system in the army of the Potomac,
applying it to all parts of the country. It has the
weight of nearly all the Army officers and neai ly
all the experienced medical men of the country;
and I am told in letters from some gentlemen who'
have strongly urged the other system, and who
now find that that system will not be adopted, as
consideration shows that it is not so good as the
present system, that they are abundantly content
with the bill as it now stands.
Mr. GRIMES. I have 110 amendment to pro-
pose to the bill, and have no objection to it, and
shall vote tor it; but I wish to call the attention
ot the committee to what I have already called
the attention of the chairman of tho committee to-
and that is this: this bill goes upon the idea that
there areto be no other than two-horse ambu- jl
' assigns a certain number of two-horse
lances. It
. , ^    t.wv-jiuji3i; 1
ambulances to every division, corps, brigade, and ji
icgiment, and assigns the number of officers who ij
shall be connected with any particular number of
wagons and the number of privates. Now, sir,
we do not know where this war is going to he
carried on in the future. It may be in the mount-
ains of Tennessee or it may be in the swamps of
Louisiana. If earned on in either of these places
it will be just as necessary to have an ambulance
corps there as it is on the plains of Maryland; but
it may not be possible to have the same system
there that you hatfe here.
We all know that in the French service the
mule litters or horse litters are almost exclu-
sively used, and they are pronounced by French
officers and surgeons to be superior to the wheel
vehicles. It seems to me there ought to be a sec-
tion attached to this hill which would authorize
the War Department, or the commander of an
army or a corps—I do not care where the power
is vested—to change the character of these ambu-
lances and to assign officers and men to the horse
and mule litters in about the same proportion as
they are now assigned to wheel ambulances. That
is all I have to say. The bill is entirely satisfac-
tory to me.
Mr. JOHNSON. We had better lay it on the
table for the present.
Mr. GRIMES. I would not want to do that
unless the Senator from Massachusetts is willing.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood him to say he
had no objection to it.
Mr. GRIMES. I think that amendmentought
to be made.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to lay the bill on the
table until to-morrow morning.
Mr. WILSON. Wait a moment, and I will
try to prepare such an amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withd raw the motion.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section;
J3nd be if further enact mi. That hoise and mule litters may
be adopted by the Secietary of War in lieu of ambulances
whoa judged licecasary, under such rules, anil regulations
as maybe prescribed by the medical diieetca-of each army.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the amend nientshou Id
read that they may be adopted " or authorized."
I will move to insert the words " or authorized"
after the word " adopted."
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
PAY OF COr.ORUD TKOOPS.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
taiy Affairs and the Militia, to whom the subject
was refeired, reported a joint resolution (S. No
23) to equalize the pay of soldiers 111 the United
States Army; which was read twice bv Us title.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have the joint
resolution read 111 full, if there is no objection's it.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read at
length, if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
The Secretary read it. It directs that all per-
sons of coloi who have been or may be mustered
into the military service of the United States shall
leccive the same uniform, clothing, arms, equip-
ments, camp equipage, rations, medical and hos-
pital attendance, pay and emoluments other than
bounty, as other soldiers of the regular or volun-
tcei forces of the United States, of l'ike arm of ser-
vice, during the whole term in winch they shall
be or shall have been in such service; and every
person of color who shall hereafter be mustered
into the service is to receive such sums in bouuty
as the President shall order, in the different States
and parts of the United States, not exec eding$10l).
Mi. WILSON. I suppose it is not 1,1 ordei to
discuss this bill unless with tho unanimous con-
sent ofthe Senate. I should like to make an ex-
planation of it.
The V1CEPRES1DENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks the unanimous consent of the
oonatc to proceed to the further consideration of
this bill at the present time. Is there any objec-
tionr j j
Mr. POWELL. I object
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it must go over.
