1512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
April 9,
principles would achieve over the people of the
South. H# had not taken the oath that binds the
gentleman fcom Ohio, nor had the Supreme Court
then defined the character of the war, and his
query was as to the best and surest means of
making liberty and Union one and inseparable
forever.
But what was the political action produced by
his action? The Kansas Legislature, if I am
correctly informed, condemned his doctrine and
invited him to resign, and Judge Conway, pure
man and earnest patrfot as he is, will regret to
the latest day of his life that influenced by any
, train of reasoning he had permitted himself to be
brought to such a conclusion. But I again ask
you to remember that what he did was done be-"
lore the adoption of the test oath and before the
decision by the Supreme Court in the prize cases
■which gave us the law for this case. Sir, it was
no sudden impulse that moved the gentleman, to
whom the resolution relates, to speak as he did.
His purposes, when he took the oath of office as
a member of this House, were what they are to-
day. His convictions pledged him to act, in all
things and by every vote he should give, in favor
of the ieb,eliion and against his country. -Con-
trolled by the opinions he uttered yesterday he
could not give a vote that .would be, in good
faith, either for the maintenance of the Constitu-
tion or the support of the country. And if he lie
in an unmarked grave it will be because his own
fond dreams of a southern confcdaracy shall never
be realized. For to no northern man is that con-
federacy more deeply indebted than to him who
proclaims to a natiun that, in its service, he is
willing to wear perjury as a garment, and do the
daily work of a perjured man. He is in favor of
recognizing the South. He is in favor of giving
them their independence. He believes that we
can survive if our territorial limits were reduced
to their original proportions. Is this Constitu-
tion which i hold the one lie swore to support?
Is it in conformity with fts preamble that he would
• surrender to an enemy at war with us half of our
country and nearly half of the States? That pre-
amble reads;
i{ We flu- people of the United in ot<ler to form
a more perfect Union,  >fabl sh justice, ui-uie domestic
tranquillity, provide lor the common delen e, piomote the
general vveliaie, ami mjcuh: the ble^hinsja ofhUoriy toour-
tehvi and our posterity, dooiflam ami establish tins Uon~
sUlution lor the United States of America."
Was it, I ask, the Constitution of which that
is the preamble that the gentleman swore tosup-
pou? If it was, you will bear mo witness that
my language hns not been unjustly harsh. Is it
under the Constitution, of which section four of
article four lends as follows, that he proposes to
acknowledge the independence of the so-called
confederate States and let them go?
t( The United States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican ivftm of government, and shall protect
each of them against mvaMou."
Does his colleague and friend say that when he
took the oath he meant to stand by and maintain
the Union, preserve domestic tranquillity, and
guaranty to every State a republican form of gov-
ernment? lie disavowed the whole theory yes-
terday, and defended the right and fact of seces-
s'?n\ .What will hedo with the infantgiant, West
Virginia, when he lets the rebellious States go out
of the Union? Will he surrender to the rebel
leaders and their tender mercies-—-to the men who
mined the Lvbby prison with nine hundred Union
prisoner^ in it, and prepared to blow it up—will
he surrender to their tender mercies the people of
"West Virginia, and send them back to make part
of the Old Dominion? What will he do with the
people of Missouri who have dared to emancipate
their slaves and make Missouri a free State? Shall
they be compelled to leave their homes, gather up
and reenslave such of their former -chattels as
they can, or be themselves enslaved by the des-
pots of the mon-owningoligarchy? How will he
dispose of Arkansas, her ewconstitution,and her
free people, white and black. Does the gentleman
mean to hand them over to an auto da fe ? And
the people who have made the free State of Lou-
isiana, what will he do with them? 1 hope he
will give us a constitutional reply to these ques-
tions. His argument will reduce them nil to sub-
mission to Jefferson Davis and the infernal crew
who since they began tins war have filled nearly
a quarter of a million graves with the best and
bravest of our land. Oh, can it be that the soil
of any northern State gave birth to one who would
crawl through the blood of his murdered brothers
and beg their assassins to pardon and pity him?
This is what the gentleman from the second dis-
trict of Ohio has expressed his desire to do, and
what he urges the men of this House to do in the
name of our common country.
I will not follow him in his argument. I arose
simply for the purpose ofexposing the mean petti-
fogging of his champion on this floor, and hop-
ing to bring from among the brave men of that,
side of the House some one who would avow the
doctrines upon which we descant, or boldly disa-
vow them in the name of his party.
Mr. DAWSON. In answer to that remark of
my colleague I wish to say, right here, that the
gentleman from Ohio was candid enough to de-
clare in the speech referred to that he spoke for
himself, and himself alone, and not for the Dem-
ocratic party. That ought to be a sufficient re-
ply to my colleague, and I trust that it is satis-
factory.
While I am up I hare one further remark to
make. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] yesterday, in speaking of the order known
an the " Knights of the Golden Circle," declared
that " it was under the protection and fraternity
of the Democratic party." Now, there may be
such a society as the " Knights of the Golden
Circle." For myself, as a Democrat,! declare I
have no knowledge of any such order.
Mr. COX. Nor has anybody else on this side
of the House.
Mr. DAWSON. In my intercourse with the
Demociatic party in Pennsylvania and every-
where else, and in my intercourse with Demo-
cratic members in this House, I have scarcely
over heard any reference made to that order. I
know nothing of its being under the care and
protection of the Democratic party, and I repudi-
ate the charge in the roundest terms.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
1 have hut a woid to say in reference to the ques-
tion now under discussion. I have as much re-
gard, sir, for the Constitution of the United States,
and the laws made rn pursuance thereof, and all
the oaths here taken by me to support the pro-
visions of that instrument, as any man upon this
floor. Out I rise now simply for the purpose of
entering a solemn protest against the lectures upon
patriotism, fidelity to oaths, and the truthfulness
of members upon this side of the House, made
by my colleague from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kel-
i.ey,] who stands upon the record now in my
hand with having stated upon this floor an utter
and deliberate falsehood. He is not the man to
talk about perjury. He is not the man to talk
about fidelity to oaths. He is not$he mart to talk
abdiit candor and truthfulness.
I am not here, Mr, Speaker, for the purpose of
indorsing the sentiments of the gentleman whose
name is now so prominently before the House.
I disagree with many sentiments uttered by that
gentleman. But it ill becomes my colleague, and
it ill becomes the members on the other side of
the House, to be so sensitive of the faithful dis-
charge of their duty under the oaths they have
taken. For 1 remember who, on the 4th of March,
1861, before high Heaven, and with uplifted hand,
swore to maintain, support, and preserve invio-
late the Constitution of the United States. It was
the only oath he was required to take. We have
had Mr. Lincoln himself m the exercise of his
discretion pushing that sacred instrument aside.
Power was never given htm to say that, under
certain circumstances, the Constitution should be
suspended. That is the doctrine of the gentlemen
on the other side. With them the Constitution
is pliable, and can be made to bend whenever it
is iequired to bring it down to the level of their
views. That is the prime feature of their creed,
and that doctrine has pervaded the entire legisla-
tion of the present Congress. It has no basis
other than that of prejudice and fanaticism.
Now, sir, 1 cannot be drawn into this discus-
sion. I cannot be induced to indorse all the sen-
timents uttered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Long.] But if the other side of the Hou^e are so
sensitive upon the subject of a faithful discharge
of duty, of fidelity to the obligations we were re-
quired to take when we came to occupy seats upon
this floor, why did they not commence one year
ago ?
" i made an allegation m regard to my colleague,
and I presume it is of so serious a nature that,
though he iftay consider me personally worthy. ■
of no notice, the question under consideration m 4
one which he cannot entirely afford to disregard.'-
He said the other day that my lamented father
had congratulated him upon his success oyer the.
ruin of broken pledges, and upon his having ob-
tained a majority of ten thousand votes as an in-
dorsement of the breaking of -that pledge, when
my father had been in his grave for fourteen-
months.
I have said this much in defense of the memory ,
of a man whose memory that man should have
respected, and not have had him figuring here-
upon this floor as an indorser of that which he,"
during his whole life, long despised.
Mr. KELLEY. My colleague has not startled*
me nor my friends around me by the announce-'
ment he has made. If he has surprised us, it is
$y the length of time it seems to have taken him
to discover the fact that in speaking of his father
as having lived to 1851,1 had mistaken one man
for another. Yet while in my direct asseition I
was not accurate, my statement was substantially
true.
1 am sorry to be dragged thus personally before
the House, but the affection borne me by my col-
league and one or two of his associates will oc 
casionally give me prominence. He has opened
somewhat of a story, for even he shall not by
innuendo lead any man to believe that" a woukf-
be traitor" is a proper epitaph for his father, the
late Jesse Miller, of Pennsylvania. I ought to
speak respectfully and affectionately of that la-
mented gentleman, for he was my friend through
a long series of eventful years. He was secre-
tary of State to Francis R. Shunk, Governor
of Pennsylvania, who was elected to that office
in the autumn of 1844. Governor Shunk's ad-
ministration did me the honor, young as I then
was, especially in my profession, for I had been
in the workshop until twenty-five years of age,
to make me assistant attorney general, as will
appear by the rccords of the courts of Philadel-
phia and the archives of the State.
The secretary of the Commonwealth was mv
valued friend. Duringthatadministration I ceased,
by resignation, on the incoming of Hon. John M.
Read a8 attorney general, to be assistant attorney
general. 1 remained out of office about four months-,
when by the solicitation of the administration I
resumed its duties, and at the end of a few months,
without intimation to me, that same administra*
tion, Jesse Miller being of its councils,appointed
me judge of the court of common pleas of Phila-
delphia.
During all the period to which I refer and until
his death there was an intimacy between that gen*
tleman and myself, 1 may almost say as close and
as affectionate as between his son and him. The
great struggle now upon us is but the result of
what had been going on within the bosom of and
around that administration. The slavery ques-
tion was then doing the terrible work which was
to result in this rebellion. Governor Shunk and
his cabinet and friends rallied around him who
was then the brave young spirit of our Keystone
State, David WilmoL They sustained him in
the matter of the proviso, while James Buchanan
and those who adhered to him, opposing the State
administration, strove to bring Pennsylvania to
the feet of the slave power by committing her in
public meetings, in State conventions, and through
the Legislature, to the extension of the Missouri
line to whatever might be or become the western
boundary of the country.
in all the councils held upon that subject the
gentleman's father and 1 were in unity, and ever£
man surviving the administration of Francis R.
Shunk, who was living at the last presidential
election voted for Abraham Lincoln. They are
allof the Republican party to-day; they are all of
the party, aod my colleague will admit the fact.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Will my
colleague allow me to set him .right? He is cer-
tainly mistaken. The chief clerk in the office of
the secretary of the Commonwealth 
Mr. KELLEY. 1 do not pretend to say but
what there may be some messengers or other very
subordinate officers who do not belong to the Re-
publican party.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Who are
the officers of that administration but the secre-
tary of the Commonwealth and his assistants ?
