1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the cadets are in camp is for two months, and there
is no objection to their being absent.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. McDonald, one of their clerks, notifying
the House that having made a correction in the
engrossment of the bill of the House (No. 549)
further to regulate and provide for the enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes, had again passed the bill, and that he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House
in their amendments to the said bill.
EXTRA CLERICAL COMPENSATION.
Mr. GRISWGLD asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion :
ZiesoJverf, That there be paid to the clerk of the Committee
on Naval Allans or p doltai a day duung the present ses-
sion of Congress in addition to the compensation heretofore
provided
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
DANIEL IIEBARD.
, Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported back
jointresolutionof the Senate (No. 43) authorizing
the settlement of the accounts of the late Captain
Daniel Hebard, of the United States volunteers,
with an amendment.
The joint resolution provides that in the settle-
ment of the accounts of the late Captain Daniel
Ilebard, of the United States volunteers, an as-
sistant adjutant general on the staff of General
Gorman, the Secretary of War is to allow arid
pay for the whole time that officer was actually
employed and on duty in the military service of
the United States, whether before or after the date
of his commission.
The amendment of the Committee on Military
Affairs provided that the same ptinciple of allow-
ance and payment be observed in the settlement
of the accounts of Major William M. Este and
Captain Maxwell V.Z. Woodhull, atds-de-camp
on the staff of MajorGeneral Robert C. Schenck,
from the 22d day of December, 1862, when they
entered upon their duties on the staff of the com-
manding general of the Middle department and
eighth Army corps until the date when theyre-
spectively received and accepted theircommiss'ions
as aids-de-camp, deducting only from the pay
and allowances of Major Este what he received
in any part of that time as a lieutenant of the
twenty-sixth regiment of Ohio volunteer infantry.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The title was amended by adding the words
14 and of other officers."
ENROLLMENT BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the House post-
pone for the present the consideration of private
tills, and that it lake up the amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 549, further to regulate
and provide for the enrolling and calling out the
national forces, and foi othei purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. What the Senate have sent
\is is contained in Senate bill No. 286, and 1 hope
that we will non-concur. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me, so that I may move to con-
cur with an amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am willing to yield that
a vote may be taken on the gentleman's amend- |
ment. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Maiyland. I move to concur >
with this amendment: j
Be it enact cdly the Senate and House of Repycspvtntim of j
the United States of America m Congress assembled, That [
no person dratted shall be entitled to be exempted from i
personal set vice oil pajment of commutation money. '
?ec. And be it farther cvacte*, That ail enrolled persons 1
shall be divided into two classes, one comprising those
between eighteen and twenty-five years of age, and the
other those over twenty-five and under forty years of age.
Sec. 3. And be it further cnactcd, That every year during
the continuance of the rebellion Uie President shall cause
two hundred and fifty thousand men to be drafted from the
first class, who shall be organized, drilled, and either sent
into the field or tieid as a reserve to meet the exigencies of
the service.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted* That in the event of
the service requiring a levy of more than two hundred and
fifty thousand men in any year the jpsidue beyond that
number shall be drafted from the second class.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That piior to any draft
and during the execution of the same, till the requisition
is filled, the President shall call for volunteers to fill the
same, and is authorized to offer and pay every volunteer
$300 who shall volunteer lor three years, and proportion-
ably for any shorter period designated by theJPrehidwnt, one
half at the time of mustering in and the other half on his
discharge.
Sec . 6. And be it further enacted, That every drafted man
not appearing by the assessment tor the internal revenue
to have an income of $300 on whom wife, parent, child,
brother, or sister is dependent for support shall be allowed
ten dollars a month for the -nippoitof every such dependent,
payable directly to s-ueh dependent or the person charged
with the guaidianship of any of them: Provided, That hot
more than twenty dollats shall be paid tor this purpose in
any month on account ot any drafted man.
Sl-c. 7. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty ot the President to order and execute a draft in each
of the States heretofore declared in rebellion, so far as the
territory of said State shall be under the military occu-
pation of the United States; and any State may procure
volunteers from any of the States declared in rebellion ex-
cept Tennessee and have them credited to the quotas of
the State proemmg the same; but all persons residents
of any loyal State volunteering in any other loyal State
shall he credited to the State of his residence.
Mr. SCHENCK. The bill which passed the
House was the one submitted by my friend from
Delaware, [Mr. Smitiiers.] The Senate have
stricken that out and sent us their bill, No. 286.
The gentleman from Maryland has moved a sub-
stitute for the Senate bill. I shall ask the House
to stand by its own bill.
Mr. WADSWORTH. If we adopt the Sen-
ate amendment will it allow one State to go into
other States and procure substitutes?
Mr. SCHENCK. There is no law prohibiting
it and there js no law allowing it.
Mr. WADSWORTH. When each State is
assigned her quota does not that prohibit her from
going beyond her own limits?
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman asks me for
my construction of the law.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I-ask the gentleman
to give me his opinion, as he is familiar with
military law.
Mr. SCHENCK. My opinion is that they
cannot go into any State to recruit unless it is
allowed by law. It is notallowed by law now.
Mr. MALLORY. Permit me to ask the gen-
tleman if he did n^t say the other day, in the
course of an argument, that a bill was passed
through this body, introduced by Mr. Blair, of
Missouri, which does expressly allow one State
to subsidize another.
That is not a part of this
Is it not an existing law?
The bill has not yet passed
Mr. SCHENCK.
Senate amendment.
Mr. MALLORY.
Mr. GARFIELD.
the Senate.
Mr. THOMAS. Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. THOM AS. I desire to submit an amend-
ment to the proposition of the Senate, which will
put at rest alPcontrariety of opinion upon that
point, merely to test the sense of the House. In
that connection I will say that I knowof my own
personal knowledge that under existing laws—
whether with or without the assent of the Secre-
tary of War I am not prepared to say—that prac-
tice is indulged in which it seems a majority of
this House is disposed to prohibit. It is noto-
rious that at this moment m the District of Co-
lumbia there are agents of other States here en-
gaged in securing for citizens of other States the
absconding ne ioes of the South coming within
the boiders of the Districtof Columbia. One very
great evil is growing out of it. There is a com-
petition between the agents of different States and
citizens of adjoining States, and the resultisthat
the price of substitutes is going up to a very high
figure.
With "a view to give direction to the very few
lemarks I desire to make, I desire the Clerk to
road an amendment I propose to submit before
the previous question is called to the Senate prop-
osition.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment,^
follows:
And be it further enacted, That it shall'not be tawftll for
any of the States to <*pnd recruiting agents Into other States
and Territories to enlist soldiers to be credited to the States
that may procure their enlistment; and no Suite shall b.e
credited with soldiers recruited who are not citizcns of fhie
State claiming the credit, or foreigners who do not owe
allegiance to the United States.
Mr. THOMAS. It is hardly worth while to ''
say that I propose this amendment with no un- '
kind feelings toward any section of the country, "
as I entertain no such feelings. I desire to act
in n very liberal spirit. In my humble judgment
the evils resulting from this practice of recruiting
by State agents the absconding slaves more than
overbalances any good which can possibly result
from it. These slaves of the South who have
absconded owe military duty to the Government
of the United States, as much so,according to the
laws of Congress, as the white man; and when
the Government is about to call for five hundred
thousand additional men, if the States which are
engaged in this practice send into the sections in
which these slaves have absconded and take two
hundred thousand of them away, the inevitable
effect is to deprive the Government of the United
States of the services of that number of men, for
thereby two hundred thousand white men are ex-
empted from the service. If the Congress of the
United States would take a firm and decided stand,
from which it could not be driven, authorizing the
United States Government officers alone to go
into the South and obtain recruits for the Army,
all the States of the Union will be equally bene-
fited and all be equally affected by the draft.
Under existing laws, I repeat, when northern
States recruit two hundred thousand fugitives and
are credited for them, an equal number of their
citizens are exempt from military duty. But if
my amendment could prevail and the Govern-
ment of the United States have alone the right
to recruit fugitives from service, every State in
the Union would have its fair proportion of sol-
diers to furnish to make up any number needed
for the Army; and we would avoid those State
jealousies and rivalries which tend so seriously
to interfere with the measures required to quell
this insurrection.
I hope that the mere statement of the proposi-
tion will satisfy the House as to the propriety of
adopting my amendment. It is a vital matter to
us. Can it not be foreseen by gentlemen that it
will have the effect to discourage and disgust the
States that will not adopt this policy? I hope
that Maryland when she responds to the call of
the President for troops will turn her back upon
that policy. As one of her sons I would advise
her people to stand ready at all times to fight
out this fight to the bitter end; and if some States
will not engage in that policy why should others
be allowed to do so ? Let us bring up the whole
country breast-high to this fight. Let all the
citizens of the land know that each owes his al-
legiance to the country, ay, his heart's blood, if
the country requires the sacrifice. Let that sen-
timent go abroad from this common center over
the whole land. Let us have none of that huck-
stering of agents of the States outbidding each
other for ignorant negroes to take the place of
their citizens in the ranks of the Army. Let our
constituents be taught that each State must rely
upon its resources for them to make up any defi-
ciency in our Army which may exist after the
common Government of the Union has exhausted
the means which is afforded by the rebellious
States. '
I think, Mr. Speaker, I have made my object
sufficiently plain, and leave the proposition to tho
judgment of the House. And I will conclude by
saying that when I voted againstthe House bill,
for which this bill from the Senate is a substitute,
I was not influenced by any opposition to tho
clause of that bill which proposed a lepeal of the
laws which allow of a money commutation for
military service. On that point I am notunwill-
iog to yield to the wishes of the President and
Secretary of War. This privilege of recruiting
by State agents outside of the State for which they
are appointed was in the bill of the House, and
on that account I voted against that measure, and
will continue to vote against any bill which con-
tains a proposition, in my judgment, so mischiev-
ous. I know from my personal knowledge that
under existing laws authority has been given to
