2490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
" meat," in line three hundred and fifty-six, the
words " or fish."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out thefol-
lowing clause in lines three hundred and "fifty-
seven, three hundred and fifty-eight, and three
hundred and fifty-nine of section seventy-eight:
•And provided further, That no license shall bo requiied
Of a butelicr whose annual sales Uo not exceed $1,000.
And to insert:
And no license shall be required of persons who sell shell
or other fish from hand-carts or wheel-barrows exclusively.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
word " and" after" museums,"in line three hun-
dred and sixty-two of section seventy-eight; and
after the word "museums" to insert "conceit
halls and melodeons."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hundred
and sixty-six of section seventy-eight, after the
word "operatic" and before "representation"
to insert " or other."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add after the word
"act," in line three hundred and sixty-nine of
section seventy-eight, the following proviso:
Provided, That when any such edifice is under lease at
the passage of this act the fee for license shall be paid by
the lessee, unless otherwise stipulated between the parties
to said lease.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hundred
and ninety-two of section seventy-eight, after the
word "pay" to strike out "according to the
number of alleys or tables belonging to or used"
and insert " ten dollars for every alley or table;''
so as to read:
Bowling-alleys and billiard-rooms shall pav ten dollars for
every alley or table in the building or place'to be licensed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was ^fier the word " li-
censed" to strike out " when not exceeding one
alley or table, ten dollars for each license; ami
wlren exceeding one alley or table, ten dollars for
each additional alley or .table."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word "used,"
inline fourhundredand twenty of section seventy-
eight, to strike out the following proviso:
Provided, That all account-*, note's, or demands for tin;
use of any such horse or jack without a Jiecnsi!, .Uorii-
snid, shall be invalid and of no foico in any court of law or
equity.
The amendment wus agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hundred
and twenty-five of section seventy-eight, after
"person "to strikeout "whose business it is"
and insert " who;" after " reward," in line four
hundred and twenty-six, to strike out " to" and
insert "shall;" in line four hundred and twenty-
eight, before "advice" to insert "legal;" after
"to" to strike out "causes" und insert "any
«ause;"nnd after "or" to strike out "matters
pending therein" and insert " matter whatever;"
so that the clause will read:
Lawyers shall pay ten dollar* fm c.-ich license. Every
person who, lor lee or reward, shall pros.-outc or deiemi
causes in an) couit of record or other judicial tribuii.il of
the United States or of any of the Start s, or give legal ad-
vice in relation to arsy cause or mattei whatewi, shall bo
deemed to be a lawyer within tin; meaning of thi< act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hundred
and sixty-one of section seventy-eight, after the
word "mineis"to strike out " actually produ-
cing-," so as to make the clause rend:
MmciHfehaU pay for each ami every hern*-!- the mum of
ten dollars, liveiy person, firm, or company who shall em-
ploy morn than one person under lmn or them in the busi-
ness oi mining coal, gold, silver, quicksilver, copper, lead,
iron, zinc, spelter, or other minerals, t>hall be regarded u'-
a miricrunder this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CQNKESS. I move to strike out that par-
agraph beginning in the four hundred and sixty-
first line and ending m the four hundred and sixty-
sixth line with the word " act."
Mr. HOWE. With the consent of the Senator
from California I piopose to offer asubstitute for
that puraguiph.
Mr. CONFESS, Very well; I withdraw nsy
motion.
Mr. HOWE. I move to strike out that para-
graph beginning with the word " miners" and
ending with the word 44 act," and in lieu of the
words stricken out to insert:
Assayers assaying gold and silver, or either, of a value
not exceeding in one year $250,01)0, shall pay §100 for each
liconse, and $200 when the value exceeds {$250,000 and
does not exceed $500,000, and $500 when the value ex-
ceeds $500,000. Any person or persons or corporation
whose business it is to separate gold and silver from other
metals or mineral substances with whieh such gold or
silver or both are alloyed, combined, or united, or to as-
certain or determine the quantity of gold or silver in any
alloy or combination with other materials, shall be deemed
an assayer for the purposes of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thg next amendment of the committee was to
insert at the end of section seventy-eight the fol-
lowing clause:
A license fee of ten dollars shall be required of every
person, fum,orcoiporation engaged many business, trade,
or profession whatsoever, for which no other license is
herein required, whose gross annual receipts therefrom ex-
ceed the sum of one thousand dollais per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seventy-
nine, line three, after the word 44 dealers" to in-
sert 44 except retail dealers in spirituous and malt
liquors."
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. HARRIS. The word " tobacconists"
should be repeated after " eating-houses" in line
six of this suction. I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in section eighty, line six, after the
word " produced" to strike out " or at any other
principal place of business of such manufacturer
or producer."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do notknow that I un-
dei-stand'section eighty exactly. By a previous
section manufacturers who sell any goods, wares,
or merchandise are required to take out a license;
but if I read this section anght, no license is rc-
quued of any such manufacturer for anything he
soils at tin- manufactory. Is that really the in-
tention of it? A cotton manufacturer, according
to this section, as I read it, no matter how much
he sells, much or little, if lie sclLs only at his own
factory, does not require any license. 1 fancy
tlwif t he committee iatendedjo include in the sixth
line the words " not exceeding $1,000." I think
that has been neglected. 1 cannot conceive that
the section is consistent wibh the rest of the bill
unless the words 44 not exceeding §1,000" be in-
serk'd; and I presume those words have been
omitted.
Mr. FRSSENDEN. Let that section be passed
over, and I will look at it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose it was thought
that because a license was required of manufac-
tuiers weoughtto petmitthem to sell their goods
at the factory without another license.
Mr. FESlSENDEN". The Senator from Mary-
land ts right. The manufacturer is required to
take out a license for manufacturing; and this sec-
tion is intended to provide that he shall not be re-
quiied to have an additional license for selling at
Ins own manufactory. The license he\-e men-
tioned is for the sale of the goods.
Mr. COLL liVfKit. No man is required by
this bill to take out a license for making anything
unless he makes it forsale. A man is not to take
out a license for making anything that he nmkes
for his own use. The hceuse is to make and sell.
Mr. FEjSSKNDEN. Lot the section be passed
over and I will look further into it. I think the
design was simply to say that a person who man-
ufuctuies articles, having taken out a license as a
manufuctui er, shall not he required to take out an
additional license to soli, where lie sells at the
manufacto ry.
The n<>xt amendment was in section eighty-one,
in hno nine, to strike out after "any" the word
" suchaitor 44 manufacture" to strike out " for
which he, she, or they may be;" and in line
twelve, after ''elsewhere," to strike out "he,
she, or they," and insert ''every person;" so as
to read:
First. Before commcncing, or, if already commenced,
beiurc continuing, any manuiactuie liable to bi; assessed
under the provisions of this act, and which shall not be
duTftenily piovided tor rKrwhoie, evciy person shall fur-
nish. without previous demand, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The ncxtamendment was in line twenty-three,
after the word 54 return" to insert 44 under oath."
Mr. HOWE. Usually where we have em-
ployed those words we have included 44 or affirm-
ation" with them. I move that modification.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in section eighty-
two, before the word 44 manufactures," in line
nine, to insert 44 products or."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten of section
eighty-two, after the word 44 demand" to strike
out 44 either personal or written" and insert44 in
writing delivered to him in person or;" after
"his," in line twelve, to strike out44her, or their;'*
after "manufactory," in line thirteen, to insert "or
sent by mail;" and after " such," in line fifteen,
to insert 44 producer or;" so that the clause will
read:
And for neglect to pay such duties within ten days after
demand in writing delivered to him in person, or left at his
house or place of business, or manufactory, or sent by mail,
the amount of such duties, with the additions hereinbefore
prescribed, may be levied upon the leal and personai prop-
erty of any such producer or manufacturer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-one
of section eighty-two, to strike out after 44 in" the
words 44 the general provisions of;" andafter the
word 44 act" to strike out44 provided, that" and
insert " and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty of sec-
tion eighty-two, before "manufactured goods" to
insert44 produced or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I do not wish to make a motion,
but it really seems to me that the words 44 are sent
by mail" should not be inserted in the thirteenth
line of this section. Before this business can be
carried on by anybody the party has got to give
specific notice of where it is to be done and who
is to do it; and there does not seem to me to be
any difficulty m the world or that there can be
any difficulty in giving personal notice. The for-
feitures which are to follow upon a disobedience
to this notice, it seems to me, are too severe to be
entailed upon a notice sent through the mail.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that we
had letters and communications on the subject
from several assessors stating that a good deal of
embarrassment and expense were occasioned by
the fact that they had to go in person all over
their districts or send some one to give notice
merely, and that, as a general rule, sending it by
mail would be quite ascertain. We proposed to
insert those words on consideration for that rea-
son. it was not done without consideration.
The next amendment was in section eighty-
three, line nineteen, to strike out the words'4 such
persons or parties interested" and insert 44 the
manufacturers or producers thereof;" in line
twenty-one to strike out 14 the manufacturers or
producers of the same"and insert44 the partiesin-
terested;" and in line twenty-eight, after 44 shall"
to strike out 44 then be" and insert " be found."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-nine of
section eighty-thiee, befoie "declared" to insert
" by him;" and in line forty, after 44 over" to in-
sert " by the collector."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing proviso, beginning at line forty-four of
section eighty-three:
Ptovideily That the proceeds of the sale of snid articles,
if any there be after deducting the duties and additions
thereon, together with the expenses of summons, adver-
ti-ing, and sale, or the excess of the value of saui nrticlen,
aftei deducting the duties and additions and expetis.es> ac-
crued thereon when mined over to the use of any depart-
ment of the Government, shall be refunded and paid to the
owner, or,if he cannot be found, to the maiiutaetmor or
producei, or to tiie peison in whose custody oi possesion
the articles were when seized.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
And the ptoceeds of sale of said articles, if any there he
after deducting the duties and additions theioon, together
with the Sees, costs, and expenses of all pioeeedings inci-
dent to the Mjizuic and sale, to be detei mined by scud Com-
missioner, shall be relunded and paid to the owner, or, if
h<  cannot'bo found, to the manufacturer or producer in
whot-e custody the articles were when seized, as the said
Commissioner may deem ju t, by diatt on the same or
some other collector; or if the &aul articles aie turned
