3466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July I,
agents to goto Alexandria in search of recruits,
for the purpose of crediting them to the State in
whose service the agent is. So that if the policy
of Congress is that each State shall rely on its
own citizens to perform the duty which they owe
to the country, it is necessary to put in this
statute a prohibitory clause that cannot be here-
after misunderstood or misconceived by any of
the officers of Government.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I gave way
in order that the gentleman from Maryland might
have an amendment read for information; but I
have no idea of being drawn into the discussion
of this matter.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to propose an
amendment to the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Maryland.
Mr. SCHENC&. I will make a proposition
to the House. I had already promised to my
colleague [Mr, Garfield] that he should have
an opportunity of offering an amendment con-
taining two sections of a bill introduced some time
ago from the Committee on Military Affairs,
about which everybody was then agiecd, and
which is asked for by the Department. While
keeping the control of this bill within the man-
agement of the House, I will let in the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Thomas,] and call the previous question first on
that amendment, so that he shall have a vote on
it. Then I will call for a vote on the otheramend-
ments. Perhaps my colleague and the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Moriull] will agree to
put their two amendments together.
Mr. MORRILL.. I have no objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move the previous ques-
tion on the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman from
Ohio permit me to offer an amendment to the
amendment?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir. I am willing to
do that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Ohio that the House may, by
unanimous consent, allow all the amendments to
he received, and the previous question to be called
and seconded on them, and the votes to be taken
upon them one after another. Otherwise the
previous question will have to be moved on each
amendment by itself.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the House will by unan-
imous consent agree that all the amendments of
the gentlemen denning (o offer them may be of-
fered at this time and then allow the previous
question to he moved on them, I will be*atisfied.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. Then the amendments must
lie acted on separately.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question on the amendments now pending 
Mr. MALLORY". Is the amendment of the
gentleman fiom Illinois [Mr. Jnkehsoll] in or-
der? I understand the nmendmem of the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Thomas] to bean
amendment to an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the amendment of the Senate is by the rule con-
sidered as the original text, and the amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois is therefore only
an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I withdraw my objection
to all the amendments being offered.
There being no further objection, Messrs.
Pruyn, Holman, Garjfield, and Morrill indi-
cated that they would olFer amendments.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 now move the previous
question on all these various amendments, not
including the substitute of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Davis.]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question being first upon the adoption of
the amendment submitted by Mr. IjfGERbOLL, it
was read, as follows;
Add after tfjc word 11 .soldier*," at the end ot the tourth
fine, except such States or Territories or putts thereof
declared in rebellion."
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes twen-
ty-eight, noes not counted.
The question was next on the amendment sub-
mitted by Mr. Thomas.
Mr. THOMAS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, with the following
result—yeas 63, noes 63, not voting 57; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Baiiy, Blair,
Brooks, James S. Brown, Chanler, CofFroth, Creswell,
Ilenry Winter Davis, Dawson, Pemson, Eden, Edgerton,
Eldridge, English, Farn \vorth, Fi ck,Gatison,Hale, Hard-
ing, Benjamin G. Ilartis, Charles M. Harris, Holman,
Hutchins, Philip Johnson, Julian, Kalbfleisch, Kernan,
Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Mallory, McAllis-
ter, Middleton, WjJIiam H. Miller, James It. Morris, Mor-
rison, Nelson, Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton,
Pruyn, Radford, Itobinson, James S. Rollins, Ross, Shan-
non, John 13. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Thomas,
Tracy, Wadsworth, Webster, Whalcy, Wheeler, Chilton
A. VVhite, and Winfield—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allisop, Ames, Ashley, John D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Beam-in, Boutweil, Boyd, Broomall,
Cobb, Dawes, Denting, Dixon, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Fen-
ton, Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Higbv, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, John IJ. Hubbard, Hulburd, rnger>oll,
Jenckes, Kelley, Littk-john, Loan, Marcy, McBride, Sam-
uel F. Miller, Mooihead, Morrill, Amos Myers, Leonard
Myers. Norton, Charier O'Neill, Oith, Patt«i>on, Perhain,
John II. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Schenck, Scolield. Sloan,
Smitbers, Spaldms, William G. Steele, Thay«i, IJp-ou,
Van Valkenburgh, Elihu B. VVa^ibunie, William B. VVash-
burn, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Window, and Wood-
bridge—62.
NOT VOTING— Messrs. James C. Allen, Anderson,
Arnold, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blame, Bliss, Blow, Bran-
degee, William G. Biown, Ambrose VV. Cl.uk, Freeman
Clarke, Clay, Cole,Cot, Cravens, ThomasT. Davis, Don-
nelly, Dumont, Grider, Gnmiell, Gnswold, Hall,-Harring-
ton, Hernek, Yvilham Johnson, Kasson, Francis W. Kel-
logg, Otlando Kellogg. King, Knox, Longyear, Marvin,
MeCltirg, McDowell, Mclndoe, MeKinney, Daniel Mor-
ris Berry, Pike, Ponieioy, Puce, Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
liam H. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, Rogers, Scott, Smith,
Starr, Stebbins, Stevens, Sweat, Vooi bees, Ward, Joseph
W. White, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and Yea-
man—57,
The SPEAKER voted in the negative, making
a tie.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, called for the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays 62, not voting 59;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Boutweil,Boyd, Bioom-
all, Cobb, Pawe>, Deming, Divoii, Duggs, Eckley, Eliot,
Fenlon, Fiank, Gai field, Gooch, Higby, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, At-ahel VV. Huhbdid, John II. Hubbatd, IJuibuid, in-
gersoll, Jenckes, Kelley, Liftlejohn, Loan, McBnde, Sam-
uel F. Miliei, Mooihead. Moiull, Daniel Morits, Amos
Myeis, Norton, ChailoO'Neill, Oith, Patterson, Perham,
Alexander H. Riee, John II. Itiee, Edward H. Rollins,
Schenck, Sloan, Simthers, Spalding, Thayer, Up-on, Van
Valkenburgh, Ehhu B. Washbume, William 15. Washburn,
Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom,and Woodbridge—-61.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Uaily, Blair,
Brooks-, James S. Brown, Chanler, ColVroth, Cteswell,
Hemy Winter Davis, Dawson, Denton, Eden, Edgerton,
Eldndge, English, Farnsworth, Finck, Ganson, Harding,
Benjamin G. Hani", (Charles M. Harris, Holman, llutchms,
Philip Johnson, J ulian, Kalbtleiseh, Kernan, Knapp, Law,
Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Mallory, McAllister, Middleton,
William II Miller, James R. Morris, Moinson, Nelson,
Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Piuyn, Radlord,
Robinson, James S. Rollins, John B Steele, William
G. Steele, Shies, Strouse, Stuart, Thomas, Tracy, Wads-
worth, Webstei, Whaler, Wheelei. Chilton A. White, and
Winfiuld— (W.
NOT VOTING— Messrs. James C. Allen, Anderson, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, Blaine, Bli^, Blow, Biandegee, Wil-
liam G. Biown, Ambrose VV. ("lark, Fryman Clarke, Clay,
Cole, Cox, Craven*, Thomas T. Davn, Donnelly, Dumont,
Grider, Gnnnell. Gnswold, Hale, Hall, Harnngton, Iler-
rtek, William Johnson, Kasson, Fianeis W. Kellogg, Or-
lando Kellogg, King, Knox, Lotigyvar, Marcy, Marvin,
McCiurg, McDowell. Mcindoe, MeKinney, Leonard My-
ers, Perry, Pike, Pomeioy, Puce, Samuel J. Randall,
William II. Randall, Rogw'is, Seotieid, Scott, Shannon,
Smith, Starr, Stebbms, Stevens, Sweat, Voorhec-*, Ward,
Jo>eph W. White, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and
Y oilman— 59.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HOLMAN stated that Mr. Harrington
had paired with Mr. Marvin.
Mi. ANCONA stated that Mr. Randall of
Pennsylvania had paired with Mr. Longyear.
Mr. HARDING stated that Mr. Griuer had
paired with Mr. Baxter.
The question then recurred on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which tiie amendment of
Mr. Davis, of Maryland, was rejected.
Mr. WILSON demanded the yeas and nays.
Tiie yeas and nays weie otdered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the nffit tmuive-— yeas 65, nays 62, not voting 55;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Alien, Ancona, Bailv, Blair,
Brook*. Ja  e* S.Brown, Chanler Xoffroth,Oresvvetl, IIeury
Winter Davis, Dawson, Denison, Eden, Edgerton, Lldndge,
English, Farnsworth, Finck, Ganson, Gnswold, Harding,
Benjamin G. Harris, CharJes M.Harris, Holman,Hutehnm,
PhilipJohnson, Kalbfieisch, Kernan, Knapp, Law, Lazear,
Le Blond, Long, Mallory, McAllister, Middleton, William
H. Miller, James R. Morris, Mori ison, Nelson, Noble, Odell,
John O'Neill, Pendleton, Radford, William H. Randall,
Robinson. James S. Rollins, Ross, Smith, John B. Steele,
WilJiamG. Steele.Stevens,Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat,
Thomas, Tracy, Wadsworth, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, and Wiufield—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
Baxter, Beaman. Boutweil, Broomall, Cobb, Dawes, Deal-
ing, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Ellor, Femou, Frank,
Garfield, Gooch, iligbv, Hooper, Hotchki-s, Asahel W.
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, lnger<oll, Jenckes,
Julian, Kelley, Littlejohn, Loan, MeBi ide, Samuel F. Mil-
ler. Mooihead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myer«,Leon-
ard Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Patterson, Perhara,
Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins,
Schenck, Scofield, Sloan, Smithers, Spalding, Thayer, Up-
son, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu B. Washbiirne, William B.
Wa>l)l)um, Williams,'Wilder, Wilson,Windom, and Wood-
biidge—i)3.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, Anderson,
ai1"11suh U. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Blaine, Bliss,
Blow, Boyd, Branilegno, William G. Brown, Ambrose VV.
Clarli, Freeiniiu Clarke,Clay, Cole, Cox, Craven.,Thomas
T. D.ivH, Duniont, Glider, Grilinell, Hale, Hall, Harring-
ton, Hernek, William Johnson, Kasson, Francis VV. Kel-
log?, Orlando Kollosg, Kiiig.Knox, Longyear, Marcy, Mnr-
vin, McClurjr, McDowell, Mclndoe, MeKinney, Orlll,
Perry, Pike, Ponieroy, Price, Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall,
liogers, Scolt, Slianiion, Starr, Stebblm, Voorlices, Ward,
Joaepli \V. VVliitf, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Woud, and
Yeainan—55.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. ORTH stated that he was paired with Mr.
Pruyn of New York.
Mr. COBB slated that his colleague, Mr. Mc-
Indoe, was paired with Mr. McDowell.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, stated that his colleague,
Mr. Pike, was paired with Mr. Cravens.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The question again recurred on the adoption of
the amendment of Mr. Davis, of Maryland.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative-—yeas 63, nays 65, not voting 54; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen. Ancona, JBaily. Blair,
Brook*, Jame* S. Brown,Coffroth, Cre*>well, Henry Winter
i>avis,D.iw>on, Den i*oii,Eden, Edgerton. EI(IrIdge,En« lMi,
Farnsworth, Fmek, Gannon, Hale, Harding, Benjamin G.
Harris, Chaiies M. Harris, Holman, Hutchius, Philip john-
son, Kalbtiench, Kernan, Knapp, Law,Lazear, Le Blond,
Long, iUallojy, McAllister, Middleton, William H. Miller,
James It. Morris, Moirison, Nelson, Noble, Odell, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Pruyn, Radlord, William H.Randall,
Itobin&oo, James S. ltolhns, Ross, Smith,John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Stilos, Strouse, Sm^rt, Thomas, Tracy,
Wadsworth,Webster,Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A.White,
and Wmfield—63.
NAYS-Mc^rj. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, A.-hley,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Boutweil, Boyd,
Broomall, Cobb, Cole, Dawes, Dealing, Dixon, Donnelly,
Dnggs, Eliot, FentOri, Frank, Garfield, Gooeli, Higby,
Hooper, Hotchkib*, Asahel W. Hubbard. John II. Hubbctrd,
Hulburd, Julian, Kelley, Littlejohn, Loan, McBride, Mc-
Ciurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Moinll, Daniel Mor-
ris, Amo-> My er-3,Leouaid Myers, Noi ton, Charles O'Neill,
Orth, Fatte^on, Peiham, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice,
Edward II. Uollius, Seheuek, Scofieid. WJiannon, Sloan,
rinnthers, Spalding, Thayer, (Jp-son, van Valkenburgh,
EliUu B. Wa&hburue, William B. Washburn, Williams,
Wilder, Wilson, Wxndoin, and Woodbridge—65. .
NOT VOTING — Messrs. James C. Allen, Anderson,
Augustus 0. Baldwin, BJaine, Bli>s, Blow, Brandcgee,
William G. Brown, Chanler, Ambrose VV. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Clay, Cox, Craven®, Thomas T. Davis, Dumorit,
fieklc), Under, Gnnnell, Griswold, Hall, Hanington, Iler-
rick, liii.'er&o!i, Jenckes, Wilh.un Johnson, Ka^on, Fran-
cis \V. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, King, Knox, Long}ear,
Maiej, Marvin, McDowell, Mclndoe, MeKinney, Peiry,
Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Samuel J. Randall, Rognrs, Scott,
Starr, Stebbnis, Stevens, Sweat, Voorhoes, Watd, Joseph
W. White, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and Yea-
man—5L
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the following
amendment submitted by Mr. Pruyn:
Jlnd le it furth-r enacted, That tor the putpose of aiding
the opei.uions of the Government m raising and maintain-
ing the troops hereby authorized to bo eniolied and eallcd
out, the act entitled ^An act to prohibit cot tain saius ot
gold and loieigu exchange," approved June 17, 186i,com-
monly known as the gold Lull, be, and the &ame Is iiereby,
repealed.
Mr. PRUYN. I will withdraw that to submit
it on another occasion.
The question then rccurrcd on the following
