468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
courts to slain by sentence. Our ancestors thought
they had put an end to the war upon the family
and upon property for the political crime of trea-
son. So the people ever since supposed, until
Underwood & Co. poured the flood-tide of a new
light upon the subject.
I pass from that. Iletitgo. The true inquiry is
that into which the gentleman fromFennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, went the other day with suffi-
cient boldness, if not with sufficient candor. He
who takes his position as aleader in times like these
ought always to take it boldly and in advance,
and thus make himself responsible to his follow-
ers, to contemporaries, and to history. We are
in a war, he says, m a public war, a war between
two foreign nations. He says that, being in a
state of war, the laws of nations confer upon us
certain belligerent rights which not only exist
while the war continues but remain when the war
shall be over. Among these rights, he says, is
the right of conquest. It is a war, he says, which
treats every person inside the hostile territory as
an enemy.be he friend or foe, citizen or foreigner,
who is in the predicament of residence in the hos-
tile territory.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, since I have the greatest
respect for the intelligence of that gentleman, for
the boldness with which he meets all these ques-
tions, for the great ability which he brings to the
discussion of them, and for the spirit of courtesy
and fairness which he always extends to an op-
ponent in debate, to state with some precision the
exact position that he assumes. It is not the po-
sition of a solitary uninffuential individual, but
the position of a leading man in this House and
in the country. My own opinion is that " who-
ever hits him on the head will knock out the brains
of " the Republican party. [Laughter.] He says:
"I begin simply by denying that the Constitution lias the
leapt refereneo to any one o{ tin* piovi<ioiw ot' the lull in
question, and I intend to snow that the act of 18GU, which
was modified by a lesolution winch, it lia^ been trulj said,
was passed under duress veiy little to the credit of the Con-
gress that passed it— thatactof 18G3 is not affected directly
or Indirectly by ruiy one of the provisions ot the Coiistitu-
tlon, and that especially that pauot the act which pt ovules
for seizin# property and confiscating it in toe simple w purely
a proceeding under the law* of war and tinder the laws ot
nations, over which the Constitution has no control, and in
regard to which it has no effect whatever.'1
And he proceeds lo argue that the property is
to be seized and condemned not us the piopcrty
of persons guilty of the crime of treason, but as
enemies under the laws of nations. He says:
"This act of Congress, *o far a<i it reform to soizuiew of
property in fee, retort; to them a* seizures ol the piopeity of
alien enemies, to he treated as Mich.*'
I understand him distinctly to repudiate the idea
that we may hold these persons cnmmal iy respons-
ible to our municipal laws for acts done .since
they have risen to the dignity of belligerents. lie
says that we cannot do n, and that m point of fact
we do not do it; that having ourselves appealed
to the laws of nations to interpret our rights in
tins war; having claimed the benefit of that con-
demnation m prize courts which the laws of na-
tions authorize; having captined on the high seas
the property of our own friends—perhaps the most
loyal men of the South—we cannot now repudi-
ate the laws of nations in any particular when ap-
plicable to the contest; and thai, consequently,
for acts done by any of these men since they have
been subject toa belligerent power, with the rights
of belligerents, they are not criminally icsponsi-
ble to our municipal laws, but only as enemies and
to the laws of war. I agree with him in that.
The speaker's views as to the source of our
right of confiscation as well as the relation of the
States held by the rebel power to the parent Gov-
ernment are still fuither illustrated by another
passage which 1 will read:
"It i>., however, essential to ascertain what relation the
seceded States heat to the United States, that we may know
how to deal with them in retMnbli-nim? the national Gov-
ernment. There seems to he great condition of idea^ and
diversity of opinion on that subject. Home think that those
States are '-till in the Union and entitled to tin: piotection
of the Constitution and lawsoi the United States, and that,
notwithstanding all they have done, mav atanv tune, with-
out any 1< gelation, come hack, send Senators and Kepie-
eentatives to Congress, and enjoy ail the privilege's and im- I
munities of loyal members ot the United States. That \
whenever those 'wavwaid .sisters' choose, to abandon their j
frivolities and pre-) nt themselves at the door of the Union ;
and demand admission, we must receive them with open !
arms, and tinow over them the protecting shield of the I
Union, of which Jt is said they had neverce.i-sed to be mem- j
tieis. Others hold that, having commuted treason, re- i
nounced their allegiance to the Union, discarded its Con-
stitution and !aws,oiganiz«d a distinct and hostile govern-
ment, and by force ot arms having risen fiom the condition
of insuigents to the position of an independent Powei de
facto, and having been acknowledged as a belligerent both
by loreign nations and our own Government, the Coustitu-
tion and laws of the Union are abrogated so tar as. they a re
concerned, and that, as between the two belligerent^ they
are under the laws of war and the laws of nations alone,
and that whichever Powci conquers may treat the van-
quished as eonqnoied provinces, arid may impose upon
them such conditions and laws as it may deem best."
Again he says:
" Is the present contest to be regarded as a public war,
and to be governed by the rules of civilized warfare, or only
as a domestic msuriection, to be suppressed by criminal
prosecutions before the comts of the country?"
The honorable gentleman answers in the affirm-
ative, and repudiates the idea that they are trai-
tors, criminally responsible to our municipal laws
for acts done during the war. He endeavors, by
citing a line from Judge Gner in the prize cases,
to prove it a public war. And subsequently he
inquires, " What, then, is the effect of this public
war between these belligerents, these foreign na-
tions?" He answers, in substance, that it abro-
gated all constitutional relations between the pa-
rent Government and the " organized States" in
revolt, and put them out of the Union, with the
right of conquest on their part as against us and
the right of conquest on our part as against them.
If conquered, all the people, loyal and disloyal,
with their property, real and personal, are sub-
ject, not to the Constitution, but the laws of na-
tions and of war.
"From all this the legitimate conclusion is, that all the
people ami all the tenitoiy within the limits ot the organ-
ized States which, by a legitimate majonty of their citi-
zeiw, renounced the Constitution, took their States out of
the Union, and made war upon the Government, are, so far
as they iue concerned, subject to the law-; ot the State;
and, so far as the United States Government is concerned,
subject to the laws of wai and of nations, both while the
wdt continues and when it shall be ended.''
* * * * * * y * * *
" fiy the laws of war the conqueror may.seize and eon-
vert to his own use eveiythmg that belong* to the enemy.
Tins may bo done while the wat is rugmg to weaken the
enemv, and when it us ended the thing* seized may be re-
tained to pay the expenses ot the war and the damages
caused by it. Town*-, cities, and "province*, may he heidas
a punishment for an unjust wat, and a* security against
tutuie aggie^ions. The propeity thus taken is not confis-
cated under the Constitution alter conviction lor tieason,
but is held by vntuie of the laws of wai. No individual
crime need be pioved against the owner*. The fact ot being
a belligerent enemy eariies the forfeitme with it. Ilei e wai
the en oi ot the 1'iesident when he vetoed the confiscation
bill passed by Congie^, In the tonfiwon of busmen he
ovejlooked the distinction between a uaitor and abolhgei-
ent enemy."
After claiming these extensive and extraordi-
nary rights and powers, derivable from the laws of
war and from the laws of nations, he proceeds
to declare that he would execute them. 44 Towns,
citit s, piovinceb;" " every inch ofsoil of theguilty
portion of this usurping power," he would con-
fiscate, sell, and put into theTreasury. lie would
emancipate, of course; hut that is done already;
he would therefore only amend the Constitution
and forever forbid slaveholdtng (of negroes) in
Atnei iea.
Finally, he winds up with tins saying:
" The Union a<> it was and the Constitution as it is i-j an
atiocious idea. It is man-Mealing. '
To some of these positions I give niy assent.
From othets 1 dissent. The conclusion to winch
he comes 1 protest against and abhor. We are
belligerents and have belligerent rights. Every-
body inside the hostile territory is an enemy of the
United States, be he friend or foe, in the ptize-
court sense of the term, but not iti the common-
huv sense of the term. Their property on the high
seas we may justly capture, condemn, and ap-
propriate. Ail that are in line of battle or in any
hostile position towaid us, we may smile down
with physical foice, friend or foe; our bullets may
not choose between them; the best and most lov-
ing heai t that evertluobbcd in the bosom er man
may thus be piei ced'by our bullets, and we stand
guiltless before God and man. They aie neces-
sarily public enemies, whether willingly so or not
l m individual cas<s; that is their jn edir anient, and
I accept the consequences that legitimately fol-
low fiom it.
1 admit that we must go to the laws of nations
and not to the Constitution of the United States to
inteipret what war means, and for theiulesto be
observed in conducting it.
Our Constitution gives to us—to Congress and
not to the President—the right to make war, but
it does not define what war is. The laws of na-
tions define that.
War is tiie remedy and not the right. It
is said to be the prosecution of a national light by
force (2 Black, page 6GG.) Some right has been
obstructed, denied, or attacked by aliostile belli-
gerentpower,and we prosecute it, defend it, vindi-
cate it, by war. The laws of nations define what
public war means—a war between foieign na-
tions; and what civil war means—a war carried
on within the State, like the present contest.
And 1 submit that the honorable gentleman has
fallen into an error in characterizing this as a
" public war," or in supposing that Judge Gner
meant to characterize it as a public war. I find
in the very sentence from which the gentleman
takes his quotation, the distinction clearly laid
down between public and civil war. Public war
is declared to be between independent and foreign
nations, and civil war a struggle carried on within
the State m which one party may have both sov-
ereign and belligerent rights.
Our sovereign rights, it is true, are for the time
obstructed,until by the exercise of our belligerent
rights we have restored them. But, sir, whether
this contest be a war canied on within the State
or between "foreign nations," we fnust look to
the laws of nations, to the laws of war, to interpret
the manner in which the contest must be con-
ducted.
But I am astonished how any gentleman can
refer us to the laws of nations in support of this
act which the bill now before us proposes to
amend, in the support of the amendment or in
support of the position taken by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and those who
agree with him.
Why, sir,theusages of nationsinmodcrn times
forbid the very means which the gentleman would
employ and the whole policy which he advocates.
The laws of nations recognize the right of con-
quest between the parties to a public war, but do
not authorize the seizure and confiscation of pri-
vate propeity on land only in excepted cases;
they do notauthoiize the conquest of individual
property. On the contrary, they forbid it.
I am not going into a lengthy citation of au-
thorities. They have been quoted freely in the
discussions upon this bill. They were cited fully
and pertinently the other day by tlifrnhonorable
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Fixck,] xmd 1 content
myself now, in the main, with a mere reference
to them. I rely upon all writers upon the public
law who state the rule among civilized nations in
modern times. Their testimony is uniform and
explicit, uttering a united voice of condemnation
upon the policy which the honorable gentleman '
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] demands. 1
iciy upon the piinciples declared by all the civil-
ized nations of the world in modern times, Ft ench,
Butish, and American, in State papers, treaties,
and diplomatic assemblies, to support the declara-
tion of the elementary writeis,that by the usages
of the civilized nations of modern times, private
propertyupon land isexemptfrom the spoliations
of war, exempt from seizure and confiscation, ex-
cept m certain specified cases. Wheaton states the
lule in clear and precise terms:
'• I>iu by tlio modem usage* of nation®, which has now
aequiied tb<> foiee of law, temple-* of ichgion, public edi
lice*, devoted to ci\ il purposes only, monuments of art, and
t.'po-iioi ics ol science are e.\empted irom the gL neial oper-
ations of war Puvate pioputy on land is aKo exempt
fiom confiscation, with the exception ot -ugh as may be-
come booty in spiral ease?., when taken fiom enemies in
the tic Id oi m bes-teged town*, and of mil ilaiy conti ihut ions
!'•% led upon Hie inhabitants oi the h<v-ii]e temtory. This
exemption extends even to the caseofan absolute and un-
qualified conquest of the enemy's couutrv."—Elements,
tyc., p. -ui.
This doctrine is supported by all writers who
state the usages of modern nations. { forbear to
quote them again to the House. But I call atten-
tion to the language of Chief Justice ALushall m
United States vs. Perehnian, 7 Peters, 86:
"Tt is veiy imiMiiil. even in ease, of" eonque-t. for The
conqueioi to domoie than to displace the so\en;i'.<n and as-
sume dominion over the countiy 'I he modem'usage of
nation-, which ha s heroine l<tv\ would b^ viol.itcd ; that -a-iiso
ot justice and of tight which h acknowledged and felt by
the whole civilized wot Id* would lie outlawed, it private
pi opt ity should be irenetally confiscated, and private uahts
annulled. The people change then allegiance ; their rela-
tion to then- ancient, soveiei^n is dis-o!vcd ; hut their rela-
tions to each othei and their li^litd of property icmain un-
j di^tuibed."1'
j In another jiait of the opinion lie speaks of the
i attempt on the part of the new sovereign to con-
