1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
46$
fiscate the private property of the inhabitants oc-
cupying the acquired territory as " a wrong to in-
dividuals condemned by the practice of the whole
civilized world." Again,speaking of the eighth
aiticlc of the treaty by which we acquired Flor-
ida, Chief Justice Marshall says:
"This article is apparently introduced on the part of
Spain, and must be intended to stipulate cxpies-ly for that
security to private property winch the laws and usages of
nations would, without express stipulation, have con-
t'd i ed.''—Page 88.
I cite also the letter of a former American Sec-
retary of State of distinguished reputation to the
French minister, written in the course of that dis-
cussion which grew out of the Paris declarations
of 1856. By the laws of nations as previously
existing, private property on land was exempt
from seizure and spoliation in time of war; and it
was proposed by the Paris conference to abolish
privateering, and to that extent accord the same
immunity to private property on the ocean. This
Government was asked to assent to that principle
being embodied in the llxws of nations. The then
Secretary of State (Mr. Marcy) replied very prop-
erly in behalf of this Government that this Gov-
ernment would not assent to the proposition un-
less the nations represented in the Paris congress
would also agree to abolish the right to seize pri-
vate property on the seas by public armed ves-
sels, placing all private property on the high seas
in the same position as private property on land.
Mr. Marcy in that letter gives the weight of his
sanction to the principle I now contend for, and
1 quote a part of it to establish the fact:
" The prevalence of Christianity and the pioj*re«s of civ-
ilization have greatly mitigated the seventy of the ancient
mode of pioaeuutmii hostilities. It is a generally received
rule of modern wa.if.ue, so faratleastasoperationsonland
are concerned, that riiepeisons and effects 01 non-combat-
ants are to be lespeeted. The wanton pillage or uncom-
pensated appropriation of individual piopeity by an atmy
even in po-f-es-ion of an enemy'? countiy is against the
linage of modem tunes. Such a proceeding at this day would
be condemned by the enlightened judgment of the woild,
utiles vv<uraut<jd by paiticulai cncurnstanccs, llwiy con-
sideration which upholds this conduct iri rcgn.nl to a war
on land favor* the. application of the same rule to the per-
son?- and propel ty ot citizens of the belligerents found upon
the occan.'1—Mr. Marcy to the Count dc iSaytigcs, July Hi,
1856.
The proposition of this Government to extend
the principle recognized as prevailing on land to
the sea was declined. On the whole I am inclined
to doubt the propiiety of the proposed extension
so far as we are concerned. I do not know how
^-blockades are to be made effective if private prop-
erty of the enemy on the high seas is to be exempt
from capture; nor does it seem wise to exempt
commerce, the parent of so many wars, from its
principal dangers.
Yet the piesent Secretary of State,-by direction
of the Pie.sident, has offered to accede to the Pans
declaration, w great regard has the present Admin-
istration for the sanctity of private property not only
on land but on the sea aho.
John dumcy Adams, in his correspondence
both with the British minister and the American
Secretary of State, afTumcd the in\iolability of
private property on land, even in the case of
slaves. I call the attention of the House to this
great authority. In a letter to the American See-
letary of State, August 22, 1815, he says:
" Oui object is the restoration of all the property, includ-
ing 5-lavnH, which by the usages of wai among civilized na-
tions ought not to have been taken.'' '-All private pjup-
erty on ^b<>:e wai ot that description. It was entitled by
the laws of war itorn capture."
Again, to Lord Castlereagh, February 17,1816:
'• But as by the same usages of civilized nations puvate
propeity i* not the subjeet'ol lawiul capture m war upon
the land, it is peifectly cleai that in eveiy stipulation pri-
vate pmpeitv shall be respected, or that upon the restora-
tion ot places taken dining the war it shall not be earned
away.'1—1 Jlmcrican State Paper*, 116, 117,122, 123.
Mr. Adams contended that the British Govern-
ment liad violated the usages of civilized nations
in taking away after the war was over, or in cap-
turing during the war, slaves, because they were
property upon land. It is known, sir, that by
the treaty of 1814 indemnity was accorded by
Great Britain for this very violation of the laws
of war.
But it has been said, and there is a case—
Brown's case—8th Cranch, referred to often to
maintain the position that a nation has a right to
do these things which the laws of nations forbid;
that a sovereign accepts the laws of nations as
addressed to his reason and justice and morality,
but that if he chooses to disregard them he may
do so. But,sir, my own opinion on that subject
has been so well expressed by a aistinguisned
judge—I mean Judge Hoffman—and concurred
in by two of the judges upon the supreme bench
in the New Almaden mine case, (2 Black,) that
I beg the attention of the House while I read a
short extract from it:
44 But if it be admitted that humanity, Christianity, and
the usages and rules observed by all civilized nations (which
constitute public law) forbid even in war the use of certain
meane, the discussion whether such rights abstractly exist
would seem to he a disputation savoring lather of the sub-
tilty of the schools than of that practical sense which seeks
to discover and establish the actual rules by which nations
m a state of war are governed. That the rights of war, as
deduced by Bynkcrshoek,from a consideration ofitsabstract
nature, are mitigated by the laws of war as established by
the general conscnt of nations, with respect to the cffects
of conquest as well as to the mode of wail'aie, is proved hy
the general recognition of the principle that, on the con-
quest ot an enemy's territory, private rights ot property are
to be protected.
" But ifk a nation which has injured another is to be con-
sidered as confiscated with all that belongs to it to the na-
tion that has icccivcd the injury,' thih confiscation must
extend to private as well as public property.5'—Judge Hoff-
man, with concw renre of Catron and IVayne, 2 Black, Uni-
ted States vs. CastiUero, p. ^68.
1 can add nothing to the force of these obser-
vations. Let it be remembered that it does not
matter how much power or how little the Con-
stitution gives Congress to seize and confiscate
private property on land, the laws of nationsand
of war stamp the exercise of such power as inhu-
man, immoral, infamous.
I consider, sir, the maxims of Christian nations
in modern times on that subject too well estab-
lished to detain the House with further reference
to them. They deny the right m this Congress,
in the exercise of its war powers, or its belligerent
powers, to attack temples of religion, to spoil
works of art, or in general to seize and confiscate
private property upon land, and when we do it
we do it in the face of the indignant and protest-
ing Christian world. We are then outside of the
pale of Christian nations. We boldly spurn their
maxims and despiscand trample under foot their
morality; and unless Christian nations reverse the
judgments of the host and most enlightened men
and multitudes and times we must stand con-
demned and disgraced.
The honorable gentleman takes the position
that the eleven States now and formerly subject
to the rebel power are out of the Union, and that
wo may make a conquest of them. Suppose I
were to grant it. Shall we then put aside that law
of nations which protects private property—a law
sanctified hy the self-interest of the conqueror, all
the dictates of humanity, and the public opinion
of the world? INo; even conceding, which Wo
not, his right of conquest, no right to seize and
confiscate private property upon land in general
would be conceded.
But, sir, touching this contest carried on
within the state, ric1it of conquest and all
other sovereignty rioiits admitted by the
laws of nations are limited and definitely
bounded by our. Constitution. I must recur to
the distinction 1 have endeavored to establish, or
which at all events I luive stated—and I cannot
do much more than state my position upon this
occasion—that we do not look to the law of na-
trons or the laws of war for a definition of our
rights either in a public or civil war, for that
nutter. Waris the remedy for a violated or ob-
structed right. We prosecute our right by force;
that is, make war. We look to the laws of na-
tions for the rules which are to govern the con-
duct of the war, but not for the objects for which
we may lawfully wa°;e it, or the manner in which
we may realize its acquisitions, or the extent of
our sovereign rights. Where are our rights de-
clared ? Whence do they come ? Our rights for
which we wield the swoid—where d# we get them?
From the laws of nations? If we get them
from the laws of nations one of two things fol-
lows: either the laws of nations carry over the
conquered country the qualified and limited sov-
ereignty of the United States, or it gives them
an unlimited sovereignty.
i undertake to say that the laws of nations rec-
ognize in the conqueror an unlimited sovereign-
ty. In a conquered province the laws of nations
consent that you may set up a monarch, found or-
det sof nobility, erect churches dependent upon the
State, pass ex postfacto lows, strike outcqual State
representation m the Federal Senate—you may do
everything and anything you choose to do by
your sovereign power. The laws of nations favor
this. The laws of nations have no objections to
kings, emperors, nobles, bishops. The protest
against this infringement of the rights of man
comes from America. Almost solitary and alone
in the family of nations we are found to protest
against the State with a king united to a church
with a bishop. Yet, if it is there that we get our
right of conquest and our sovereign right to rate
the conquest, if it is there we go for a definition of
our sovereign rights against a foreign and a do-
mestic foe, and to interpret the manner in which
wc may enjoy the rights of conquest won either
from foreign or domestic foes, to these conclu-
sions must we come at last, or we come to the
other, that by the laws of nations the conqueror
does not conquer the sovereignty of a hostile
Power, butmerely substitutes hisown sovereignty
in place of that which lias been expelled.
When Russia conquers Poland she strikes down
elective monarchy and substitutes hereditary des-
potism in its place. If Turkey conquers a Chris-
tian province, the crescent is substituted for the
cross. England makes a conquest, and by the
omnipotence of unlimited power Parliament gov-
erns it according to its will. Butif the Republic
of America acquires territory, the cxercise of sov-
ereign right in that territory depends not upon the
laws of Congress, of nations, of war, but upon
the will of the sovereign people of America as
expressed in the Constitution.
I understood thegentieman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] to inquire where is the sovereignty
of this country. The sovereignty of Russia is in
the emperor. The sovereignty of Great Britain
is in Parliament. Both are unlimited. The sov-
ereignty of the United States is in the President
and the Army. But should it be there ? I deny it.
It is in the sovereign American mass, in the peo-
ple. There is no sovereign but the people. The
people of America have delegated a portion of their
sovereignty to the States,and another portion they
have delegated to the Federal Government, our
glorious, and, I trust, imperishable Union. The
rest they have reserved to themselves. Consult
that tenth article of the Amendments, which I be-
lieve this House did not quite lay upon the table
when I had the honor to move it the olhcr day;
consult that and see " the powers not delegated
to the United States by the Constitution, nor pro-
hibited by it to the States, are reserved to the
States respectively, or to the people." That Sov-
ereignty which in America can do no wrong like
the sovereignty of Europe, at least no wrong for
which it is criminally responsible, has delegated
a portion only of that mighty sovereignty to the
Federal Government. And m whom does it rest?
In Congress, and not in the President and his
Aimy. Conquests made by thiscountry, foreign
or domestic—if you admit such a monstrosity as
a domestic conquest—are to be appropriated and
settled and enjoyed and governed accoidin? to the
laws of Congress, and by Congress admitted to
the equal fellowship of States.
The war powers, whatever they may be, are
vested in Congress and not in the Executive; and
if the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] is as logical in action as in argument, the
Executive of the United States must meet with
his determined opposition. I understand him,
indeed, in the very speech to which I have di-
rected my attention, to sneer at the pretense that
the Executive of the United States is vested with
the Federal or State sovereignty at all. He de-
nies the right often men to govern a hundred by
the aid of the Army and Navy. I deny it, too,
and it is an error which will die in the midst of
Us worshipers sooner or later, unless the central
idea of American civilization is a falsehood, and
the Declaration of Independence a cheat and de-
lusion.
If I am correct in the position I have seated,
that the sovereignty was m the massof the Amer-
ican people, and that they delegated a part to the
States and a part to the Federal Government,
how then, admitting the principle of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania of the right of conquest,
does the successful conquest of eleven States vest
the President with sovereign power in the States?
Mr. STEVENS, I will interrupt the gentle-
man one moment to correct him. My position
was that the sovereignty was vested in Congress.
Mr. WADSWORTH. That was the position
i assumed. I said there was no sovereignty iu
