1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3467
amendment submitted by Mr. Orth; which was
agreed to:
And be it further enacted, That the number of men here-
tofore furnished by any of the Suite? shall be credited to
said State on her quota in any future draft in proportion to
the length of time for which said men were furnished.
The question next recurred on the following
amendment submitted by Mr. Morrill:
Sec.—. Jliul be it fmther enacted, That the President
of the United States is hereby authorized atany time here-
after to accept of one hundred thousand volunteers for the
teuu of one year, to be composed of men exceeding forry-
fivu yours of age, of lfquisate physical ability, who shall
be employed m the*.emce of the United States for po:«t
and garrison duty, to guard lines of communication, or such
otliu* mihtaiy seivice as they may be louud suitable for;
and the foice herein authorized shall be organized and
officeied as other regiments and companies of volunteers
now are, and shall be styled the Old Guard, and j>haM le-
ceive, in addiuon to !«uch pay, iation-4, and clothing as is
now paid or allowed to other Hoops in the service of the
United States, $100 bounty, one half ot which shall be
paid when -uch men shall be mu^trred into seivice, and
the other hall when honoiahly di^ehaigod therefrom, or
at the expuaUou of the term of service.
The question next lecurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Garfield, which was to add the
following new sections:
Sec, —• Jbtd he it further enacted, That any persons
resid< nt iu Vitjjmia, Not ih Carolina, South Carolina,Geor-
gia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Lo.iNi.ma, Texas, or
Aikansis, who may voluntaiily enli>t in the military ser-
vice of the United State?, lot a teun of not moie than
three years, or dming the war, or not lees than one year,
shall be entitled to the benefits and privileges of existing
laws; and t-ucti peisons shall be mustered into the regi-
ments oi other organizations of whatsoever State they
may Hcct, or, in the case of colored tioops shall be as-
signed as now provided by law. And the States or sub-
divisions of States procuring such enlistments shall re-
ceive credit for such persons in accordance with the laws
in other cases: Ptovided, That such enlistments as are
authorized in any Sfxe, under the piovisions ot this act,
shall only continue until Mich State s-hall have been made
subject to a call foi tioops: Jind provided J uithei, That
no enlistments shall be made of any holdiei's, either in or
out of any State, exccpt those enumeiated herein,unless
full ci'fdii is given to the State to which the enhtted sol-
dier belongs.
Sec. —. Jind be it fmther cnacted, That section three
of an act entitled -'An act to amend an act entitled cAn
act tor enioilnitr and eallmi* out the national forces, arid
foi other puipo^-,'" approved February 2*1, I864.be, and
tne same i-< hereby, amended so as to authonze and ditect
di-triet ptovost m<n--hal&, under the duection of the Pio-
vo?t Maishal General, to make a diaft for fifty per cent, in
addition to the number required to fill the quota of any
di-triet, as provided by said section.
Sue — Jindbe it further enacted ,That instead of travel-
ing pay, all dialled per*ons reporting at the place of ren-
dezvous shall be allowed transportation fiom their plaeos
of ie-udcnce; and persons discharged at the place ot' ien-
dexvous shall be allowed transportation to their places of
residence.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the twentieth
section o( the act entitled "An act to amend an act entitled
4 An act for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other ptupo-es,'   approved February 21,18b4, shall
be cou^tiued to mean that the Secretaiy of War shall dis-
charge minoi& under the age of eighteen years under the
cu cumstat tees- and on the condition-, pie-ct ibed m said sec-
tion ; and hereaiteijit any officer of the United States j-lmll
knowingly enlist or muster into the military service any
person undei the a e of sixteen years, with or without the
eon-ent of his paieut or guatdian, such peison so enlisted
or recruited shall be immediately and unconditionally dis-
cliarued ; and sueii i ecrinting or mustering officer shall he
dismissed the seivice, with lot feituieof all pay and Allow-
ance's, and shall be subject to such further punishment as
a court-martial may direct.
Mr. GARFIELD called for a separate vote on
each section of the amendment.
Mr. M A LLORY demanded the yeas and nays
on the first section.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was dccided in
the affirmative—yeas 69, nays 53, not voting 60;
as follows:
YJjAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
John D. Baldwin. Baxter. Bcaman, Boyd, l}roomall,t'obb,
Cole, Cicswell, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Deining,
Dixon, Dimmilv. Brig;.", lickley, Eliot, Engl^li, Farns-
wortlt, Fenton, triaiik, Garlh'ld, Gonch, llighy, Ilolchkiss,
A-ali'-l W. tlnbhaid John (J. liulibaid, llulbuid, Inger^oll,
Julian, K.'ll.'V, Littlejnhn, Loan, McBi ide. McCinig. Sam-
uel P. ,Miller, Mooihead, Morull. Daniel Morris, Aura
M.vers, Leonaui Mveis, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Ortli,
Patter-on, Perliani,Alexander H Rice, John II Rice, Ud-
waid I). Rollins, Scheuck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan,
Sinitliers. Spaldmir, Thajer, U[>-on, Van Valkenburzh,
Kliliu Ii.Wa-liburne, William B. Waslibnin, Williams,
Wilder, Wihon, Windom, and Wondbridge— 69.
NAYS — Me^rs. William j. All'ill. Ancona, Blair,
Janu:^Drown, (Jlia'iler,Co{IYotb, Demson,Eden,
Edgeiton, Eldrulsrc, Finck, Ganson, Harding. Benjamin G.
Harris, Chailes M. IlairU, Hohnan, Uutcluns, Philip John-
son, Kalbfieiscll, Keuian, lvnapp, Law, Li: Blond, Long,
M.il lory, Mai ey, McAllister, Middleton, Wilhain 11. Miller,
James R. Moms, ,\Ioiri*on. Sel-on. John O'Neill, Pendle-
ton, i'l uyn, Radloid, William II. Randall, ltobmson, James |
8. Rollins, Iios , John B. Steele, William G, Steele, Stiles, :
Strouse, Sweat, Thomas, Wadsvvortll, Webstei, Whaley, I
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, and Wintield—53. ■
NOT VOTING — Messis. James C. Allen, Anderson,
Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blame, Bliss, Blow, Bont-
well, Brandegee, William G. Brown, Ambioue W. Claik,
Freenifin Clarke, Clay, Cox, Cravens, Thomas T. Davis.
Dawson, Dtimont, Grider, Grinnell,Grtswold, Hale, Hall,
Harrington, Ilerrick, Hooper, Jrnckes, William Johnson,
Kasson, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, King, Knox,
Lazeat, Longvear, Marvin, McDowell, Melndoe, McKm-
ney, Noble, Odell, Perry, Pike, Pomeioy, Price, Samuel
J. Randall, Uogers, Scott, Smith, Stair, Stcbhins, Stevens,
Stuart,'l'raey, Voorhees, Ward, Joseph W. White, Benja-
min Wood, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—60.
So the first section of the amendment waa
agreed to.
The remaining portion of the amendment was
then agreed to. t
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 now call the previous
question on the substitute, and the amendment
offered to it by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis.]
Mr. DAVIS, ofMaryland. Will the gentleman
from Ohio withdraw that demand and allow me
to explain in a few words my amendment ?
Mr. SCH ENCIC. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, ill-
ness and its consequences have deprived me of the
opportunity of assisting the deliberations of the
[louse on this topic till this time, when it is not
to be expected that anything i may say shall at
all influence the result. But I beg that I may be
allowed to have their attention for a few moments
to explain the propositions which 1 have offered,
and which embody in the shape of a bill what I
think the exigencies of the time demand.
I am not under any delusion respecting the
fate of the proposition. 1 know that the amend-
ment is not likely to receive the vote of a majority
of the House. I despair of seeing the House rise
to the height of the occasion and show that de-
gree of energy which the crisis demands. 1 do
not presume to put my judgment against theirs;
all I desire is that I shall have an opportunity of
spreading before the country briefly what 1 think
the great cause of the nation demands at our
hands, and leave it to the future and events to de-
cide who is right.
We want men not money. We want men to
bear arms. Whatever stands in the way of gel-
ting men is striking directly at the existence of
the Republic, and therefore not a sub ject for con-
sideration touching its political expediency. To
allow men to buy by money exemption from per-
sonal military service is to place money in the
hands of the Government and not men. To com-
mute service for money is to throw upon that
class of the community which cannot raise the
requisite sum the whole burden of compulsory
military service. No democratic Government can
defend any such provision. It is new in the his-
tory of military organization. No aristocratic or
despotic country has ever ventured to attempt it,
and those who undertake to defend it upon prin-
ciple reason upon ground I cannot understand. It
allows one man to pay his obligations to the Re-
public in money and requires another to pay itin
blood.
Theiefore the first provision of my amendment
prohibits any commutation for personal service.
It leaves open the right, which is secure in every
compulsory military organization m the world, to
furnish a substitute, which gives the Government
nt least the requisite ability to meet and repel the
public enemy.
The Senate bill is fatally defective, though it
repeals the commutation clause, in limiting the
draft to one year That pushes a mob of raw le-
cru its against veteran corps to encounter inevitable
defeat and shed useless blood.
The opposition to a vigorous draft is wholly
M incomprehensible. It is the republican and the
j only republican mode of raising an army. The
j Roman republic placed her youth liable to rnih-
j tai y service on the Campus Martius, and the con-
sul selected at will whom he chose.
The French republic saved the existence of the
nation and the principles of republican liberty by
thelaw of corisci iption. And it has been the law
of the American Republic fi om the Administration
of President Washington, and the law I propose
merely adds vigor to that system.
The next provision of my amendment relates
to the classification of the mtlitaiy population.
No civilized nation includes in one draft all the
men from eighteen or twenty yeais of age tofor-
ty-five years of age. There is no inequality ill
that. The rule of all mihtaiy Powers is to make
the aimy consist of and to cause it to be drawn
frotn the young men of the country—the meh
under twenty-five or twenty-six years of age; be-
fore they become involved in the-responsibilities
of life, before, in a large proportion, they are
married, before families have accumulated around
them, before they become entangled in the busi-
ness occupations of life, before large masses of
workmen and great capitals are dependent upon
their personal attention and their capacity to man-
age business. Every military nation makes that
the first and preferred source from which to re-
cruit its army; older men, havingpassed that pe-
riod of liability to active military service, form
the national guard, or a reserve for great emer-
gencies. I therefore have provided in the second
section of the bill that the military population of
the United States shall be divided into two classes:
the. first to consist of the men between eighteen
and twenty-five, and the second to consist of those
between twenty-five and forty-five.
The next thing we want is that there shall be
a regular, constant levy of force to supply the de-
ficiencies of our troops, the casualties of the ser-
vice, the expiration of terms of enlistment, and to
enable the Government to advance with a steady,
unvarying pressure upon the enemy; so that it
shall not be hereafter, as it has been heretofore, that
we shall send an army into the field and wait till
it is wasted by disease and by the fire of the en-
emy and then rest on our arms till the enemy re-
cruits his ranks while we are recruiting ours,
and refreshed by repose and strong in the fruits
of their vigorous conscription they stand with
full ranks to dispute our advance. Thereforethe
third section of my substitute requires that every
year during the rebellion the President shall cause
to be levied two hundred and fifty thousand men
to be armed and trained and organized provision-
ally, and senttothefrontorheldasareserve to be
moved as the President may direct, according to
the exigencies of the service.
The fourth section of the substitute provides
that if more men are needed "for the service in
any year the President shall cause the rest to be
levied from the men over twenty-five and under
forty-five, which subjects them in their regular
turn to the responsibilities and dangers of war.
Then, as there is an earnest feeling all over the
country in favor of procuring men by volunteer-
ing rather than by draft, the substitute further
provides that prior to and concurrently with the
draft, until it shall be filled, the President shall
call for and accept volunteers to fill the requisi-
tion to the extent of the draft, and he is author-
ized to pay them $300 for an enlistment for three
years and proportionally for a less period, to be
designated by the Government. That will enable
the Government to procure, as far as volunteer-
ing and bounties can do so, the men it requires.
lt°imposes no definite delay between the call of
volunteers and the enforcement of the draft, for
no man can regulate the advance of the enemy.
No man can determine the exigencies of war. No
man can say how long a time may elapse before
this capital is in danger, before retreating forces
may require men to be moved rapidly to their
support. And therefore I leave to the discretion
of the President to call for volunteers as long be-
fore or as shortly before the draft as prudence or
the necessities of the case may dictate.
The bill has this other provision, essential to
pievent the diaft being intolerable to the poor
men: that men who have parent or wife, child or
sister, dependent on their labor for support, shall,
when drafted, be allowed ten dollars a month for
each such dependent, provided that the allow-
ance shall not exceed twenty dollars in any one
month on account of any one conscript, and the
sum is payable not to the conscript but to or for
the benefit of the dependent person for whose sup-
port it is achantabie provision. These deserted
persons must starve, or go to the poor-house, or
be honorably supported by the nation which ex-
acts the time and blood of their natural protector.
And then the final provision is that it shall be
the duty of the Government—not merely giving
authority, but that it shall be the duty of the
Government to enforce the draft in every district
in the rebel States occupied by the armies of the
Republic. A traitor in the midst of loyal men
with a musket on his shoulder will make as good
and as vigorous a soldier as any man. Napoleon
prostrated Europe at his feet with menconscripted
