2492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CLARK. Here is a provision that man-
ufactured tobacco may be so removed. The Sen-
ate understands that. Then there is another
provision that stemmed tobacco may also be re-
moved without payment of the duty. That is
what the committee intend by it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not want-it to bay
any duty.
Mr. CLARK. The committee do not. That
is what we are trying to come at.
Mr. HENDERSON. Does the Senator from
New Hampshire mean to say that if the stemmed
•tobacco is used in this country it must pay a duty ?
Mr. CLARK. We do mean to say that if it
is used in this country the stemmed tobacco
when so manufactured and made up shall pav a
duty.
Mr. HENDERSON. Do you mean to say
that stemming tobacco is manufacturing it?
Mr.CLARK. Wedo not undeitake to decide
that by putting in thin amendment, but only to
allow them to take it from-the place of stemming
. to the bonded warehouse.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from Mis-
souri will wait until we get over to the provision
imposing the duty, we can settle that question
then.
Mr. CLARK. This lias no application to that.
Mr. POWELJj. If the provision of this bill
on page 144 remains, placing this tax at thirty-
five cents a pound on stemmed tobacco, it is emi-
nently proper that this proviso should remain and
be amended as indicated by the Senntorfrom New
Hampshire. Stem mi rig tobacco, that is, taking the
central fiber out of the loaf, is carried on for the
purpose of shipping the leaf abroad to the British
empire. It all goes there. They take out the
central stem for the purpose of avoiding the tax
in that country, which is very heavy. The plant-
ers estimate the central stem to be one third in
weight of the leaf, and by taking out that central
etem, which is of very little comparative value,
they send the strips abroad and avoid one third
of the duty in Great Britain. I do not suppose
there is a manufacturer of tobacco in the United
States that ever bought a hogshead of strip for
the purpose of consumption here or workin" it
Up. This proviso relieves them from the neces-
sity of paying the tax here, and allows them to
put it .in their warehouse for the purpose of ship-
ping, and then to transmit it to a bonded ware-
house without paying any duty whatever. It is
r very important, therefore, that these Words " or
place of stemming" should be inserted, because
the stemming of tobacco is not manufacturing to-
bacco; it is all leaf, and remains leaf. I think it
Would be much batter to strike out the provision
so that there should be no tax on stemmed to-
bacco, because I think all of it is exported; but
ithis provision is very important if amended as
indicated by the Senator from New Hampshire,
because it will save us the payment of the duty
■when we export from thiscoumry , and there will
be no drawback connected with it. I hope the
amendment indicated by the Senator from New
Hampshire will be adopted. Therpiestion whether
we shall place a tax on stemmed tobacco will come
up afterwards.
The amendment wa3 agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. In the forty-fourth line the same
Words should be inserted alter the won! 11 ware-
house," " or place of stemming," so that it will
read:
And amy lie transported frmn such warehouse or place
ot stemming to nhanded waielnm^e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. In the fifty-first line the word J
" stem" before the word "tobacco" should be
44 stemmed," and the same amendment should be
•made in the fifty-third line.
.The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. Cl/A-RK, Now I desire to transfer the |
\yhole ot tliat proviso at the close of the original I
eighty-ninth section to the end of the new section
Pr?P0S^ t0 ^e inserted by the committee.
ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made, if there be no objection. The
question now is on striking out the eighty-ninth
section of the bill and inserting what will be read
by the Secretary in hcu thereof.
The Seerftary rend, as follows:
Hr;c.8l). And he iffiulkct cum tedy That any person, finn
compain, ui eoipoiation, now or hereafter engaged in the'
May 26,
manufacture of tobacco, snufF,or cigars of any description
whatsoever, shall be, and hereby is, required to make out
and deliver to the assistant assessor of the assessment dis-
trict a true statement or inventory of the quantity of each
of the different kinds of tobacco, snuff-Hour, snuff, cigara,
tm-foi), liquoi ice, and stems held or owned by him oi ihcm
on the day this act fakes effect or at the time of commen-
cing business under this act, setting forth what poition of
said goods was manufactured or produced by him or them,
and what was purchased from others, whether chewing,
smoking, fine-cut, shorts, pressed, plug, snuff-flour, or pre-
pared snuff, the several kinds of cigars and the market price
thereof, which statement or inventoiy shall be verified by
the oath or affirmation of such person or person*?, and be in
manner and form as prescribed by the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue; and the said person, firm, company, or
Corporation engaged as afoieaaid, on the 1st day of Janu-
ary in every year hereafter, shall make out and deliver to
the said assistant as&e&sor a tiue statement or inventory,
in manner and foriri as aforesaid and verified as aforesaid,
of all such articles aforesaid, then held or owned by him or
them, setting forth ail and singular what is required to be
bet forth in the statement or inventory first aforesaid; and
every such person, company, or corporation shall keep in
a book, in such manner and form as taid Commissioner
may prescribe, an accurate account of all thearticles afore-
said thereafter purchased by him or them, the quantity of
tobacco, snuff, snnft-flour, or cigars^ of whatever descrip-
tion, sold, consumed, or removed for consumption or sale,
or lemoved from the place ot manufacture; and he or they
shall, on YVudnewIay of each week, furnish to the assistant
assessor of the district a tiue and accuiate copy of the en-
tiles in said hook dining the week ending on tho preceding
Saturday, which copy .<,h«iil be vended by oath or affirma-
tion, on the receipt whereof an assessment ol the duties
due by said pei-on, company, or corporation shall be im-
mediately made and transmuted to the collector of thedis-
tuet, to whom said dunes shall be paid within five days
thereafter; and in ease the duties shall not be paid within
the said five days, the said collector may, on one day?s no-
tice, disnain tot the *,mnu, with ten per cent, additional on
the amount thereof, subject ro alt the provisions of law re-
lating to license^, leturn.s, a-sesj-ments, payment of taxes,
hens, fines, penaltiesand loifeitures, not inconsistent here-
with in the ease of other umiiufuctuiers; and such duly
shall be paid by the mahufactuier whether manufacturing
for himself or otheis: i'rovided, That it shall be the duty
of any manui.ietuier or vender of tin-toil used in covering
manufactured tobacco, on demand of any olheur of internal
revenue, to render to such officer a i otiect statement, veri-
fied by oath or atliiination, of the quantity and amount of
tin loil m>ld or delivered to any p< i.*on oj persons named
in such demand; and in ca^e ot lelu.-al or neglect to remhu
.such htatemctif, or of cau*e to believe such statement to
be jneorn-et or fraudulent, fhe h^m-s-oi ol the di-tnct may
enu^e an examination of prison*, book-, and pnpcM lo be
made m the miiiic manner a*; pnmded in the fourte(nth
section ol I In-act: JJ)ur^!rd, Th, it manufactured tobacco,
stemmed tobacco, miuO, 01 < m.ij be tumslerred, with-
out payment of the duty, dnectly tiom the place of manu-
facltite oi place of ^tennmng toa bonded warehouse estab-
lished in conformity with law and Tieastuy icgulatious,
under ^uch tnles and icgulatious and upon "the execution
of such tran^pot ration bonds as the SecieUry of the Tieas-
ury may pre-eribe ; said bonds or other securih to be taken
by the a-<ses-or of the distru t front winch such removal is
made, and may be transported iiom Mich warehou-ajor place
of stemming to u bonded warehouse u*ed for the stoiaee of
merchandise at any port of entiy and withdtawn therefiom
for consumption or p:mnent of the duty <n removed fot ex-
poit to a foreign cuuniiy without pavment ofdutv, in con-
toinitly with the piovu'iunt. of this act leluung to the le-
inoval ot di.-ulled ^pnits; all the inles, icgnlations, and
condition* ot which, >o tat a* applicable, Miail apply to to
baeco, stemmed tobacco, snufi, or cigar-*, in bonded ware-
house. And no drawback shall in any case be allowed
upon any manutaetuied tobacco, stemmed tobacco, snull,
or cigais, upon which any excise duty has been paid either
befoie or after it has been placed in bonded warehouse.
Mr. SUiMNKR. Before the vote is taken on
tlmt amendment, it seems to tne we ought to tin-
derstnnd wlmt is meant by stemmed tobacco. I
was at the trouble of making some inquiry out of
the Senate on this subject of n person whose duty
it is to understand it, and according to the inform-
ation that I gained there is no material difference
between stemmed tobacco and tobacco in the leaf.
The greater part of the stemmed tobacco is still
in the hands of the producer on his farm or plant-
ation, whatever it may be. As I understand it,
the stem, which is of no value, is extracted from
the leaf. The leaf is lelieved of that useless part.
1 understand that tlint in a just sense is no part
of the manufacture of tobacco, but it isa process
by which the leaf is brought into maiketable con-
dition. 1 may have been misinformed; but that
is the information 1 received; and according to that
nifoi mation it seemed to me that the Senate was j
unconsciously, perhaps, approaching a very im-
portant question, and that is, the tax on tobacco
m the leaf. On reflecting upon that tax I think
there is much to be said in favor of it. I do not
know that there is any way in which we could so
easily raise from twenty to fifty million dollars
of money; that is according as we made the tax
ten cents or twenty cents a pound. But then if
we do impose that tax 1 want to impose it know-
wig what 1 do. 1 do not want toimpose ltunder
another phrase which may mean or may not mean
that. 1 throw out these observations founded oil
certain inquiries which I have made. I may have
been misinformed, however.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Massachu-
setts is undoubtedly correct. We understand by-
stemmed tobacco the tobacco out of which the
stem has been taken, or stripped tobacco, so aa
to save the transportation of the bulky part of the
stem. What the committee designed by this pro-
vision is to allow that tobacco, after it has been
stripped from the stem,or the stem extracted, to
be removed to a bonded warehouse and exported
from the country without payment of duty. This
is not a question of imposing any tax upon it at
all. There is no question of a tax raised here in
this clause, or in any other.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before goingany further,
I will make the motion of which I gave notice
yesterday, that at half past four o'clock the Sen-
ate take a recess until seven o'clock-.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not say half past six?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Seven o'clock is as early
as we can get together.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest half past seven
o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Two hours and a half,
from half past four till seven, will do, I think.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairdid
not understand whether the Senator moved the
recess for this day only or daily.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move it for this day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that at half past four o'clock to-day the Senate
take a recess until seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section ninety, line two, after the word " manu-
facturer," to strike out the words "or maker;"
in line ten, after the word " manufacturer," to
strike out the words "or maker;" inline twelve,
before the word "forfeiting," to strike out the
woids " such manufacturer or maker;" in line
fourteen,aftertlie word " manufacturer,"tostrike
out the words " or maker;" in line sixteen, after
the word " manufacturer,"to strike out the words
" or maker;" and in line twenty, after the word
"exceeding," to strike out the words "six
months" and insert "one year;" so that tho sec-
tion will read:
Sec. 9s). ~%ml be it fin titer cnncted, That every manu-
facturer ot" tobacco, stemmed tobacco, snuff, or cigars of
any description, :i<; heiembefore mentioned, or his chief
woikman, agent, or superintendent, shall, at the end of
each and every month, make and msii a declaration, in
ventim*. that no such article or commodity, as aforesaid,
has, dlnm^ Mich pteeedimj month or time when the last
deelaialiou was made, been icmoved, carried, or sent, or
"c.ni-ed, oi snfTereil, or known to have been removed, em-
it ed, oi M'nt, tiom the (jrenik.ci; of; uch m,uiul<u tiuei other
than such as have been dtl'y assessed and llie duties im-
posed by law paid the!eon, on p-un of Ibrieitlii" Ibi eveiy
retusal ot licqieel to make such decimation r?l(JO. And it"
any m.uinlaetiner, or hi* chief workman, aircnt, or
superintendent, sh.itl make any f.ilse or uiitine declaiaiioii,
such in.uinlaetinei, or chief woikman, ngent, oi supenu-
tcmieiit, making tin- same, upon conviction thcreoi. >h.dl
forfeit £.'!00, or, at the discietioa of the comt, be liable to
impusoiniient tor a term not exceeding one year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. Is it in order to move to
amend the section just read?
ThePRESlDENTpro tempore. The Chair will
entertain the motion if there be no objection.
Mr. POWELL. I move to strike out the words
"stemmed tobacco^ m the second line.
Mr. FESSKNDEN. I Lhink we had better
get through with the committee's amendments,
and settle that question on the tax.
Mr. POWELL. Very weif; I will withdraw
my amendment Tor the present.
The nextamentlment was insection ninety-one,
line four, to strike out the word s' stem" and fo
insert the word " stemmed;" and in line fourteen,
before the word M dollars" to strike out "fitly"
and insert "one hundred;" so that the section
will read:
Sec. 91. JJnd be it further enacted3 That if any person
othor than the manufacturer f-hall suJl, oi cotwgn, or re-
move for t-aie, or pait with the of ativ in.uui-
Jactmcd tobacco, stemmed tobacco, smilf, or ei^ar?, upon
which thedutics imposed by law have not been p.uii.^uclt
pe^on shall he liable toa penalty o( £100 for <vteh and
eveiy olieii c. And any person who shall pmehase or re-
ceive tor sale any Mich*tobacco, stemmed tobacco, biiufi',
or-cigars, upon winch the duty hu>. not beuu paid, with
knowledge theieof, s!iall be liable to a pcnaltv of S100
tor meh and every offense. And any poison who =d).itl
purchase or receive lor s.tlo any Mich tobacco, stemmed
tobacco, or eigard from any mauufaetuior who has
