1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ilff
to do so. But it is due to the gentleman from
Kentucky, who I see still in his scat, to say that
after "the extraordinary language that has been
used on this floor since that time, while I shall
not myself call the previous question, I cannot
say what the action of the House may be in that
regard.
Mr. M-ALLORY obtained the floor.
Mr. TRACY. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to say 
Mr. COX. I call the gentleman to order. I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WA3PIBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle*
man from Ohio has not the floor to make that
motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Kentucky has the floor, and may proceed
without interruption.
Mr. MALLORY. I regard the question now
presented by the resolution before the House as
a very grave and solemn question, as one which
should not be determined until after the most ma-
ture deliberation. This is no question to be de-
cided by a party vote. It is not a question to be
decided under excitement. It is a great question
involvingthe privilegesof membersof the House,
and therefore the rights of the American people.
What has been regarded so sacred in the past as
that freedom of speech which has been always
allowed in the Halls of Congress? No man, un-
der the Constitution, is to be held liable for words
uttered in debate. No man is subject to a crim-
inal prosecution for what he may say in this Hall.
Heretofore the mostextended discussion has been
allowed on all questions affecting the American
people.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
* Kentucky to quote the whole language of the
Constitution. In section six, article one, it is
provided, " and for any speech or-debate in either
riouse they," that is, the members of Congress,
"shall not be questioned in atiy other place." I
hope he may quote it all the next time.
Mr. MALLORY. I said that a member was
not liable to a criminal prosecution for words
spoken in debate. I will remark, Mr. Speaker,
never in my recollection of congressional debates
has the freedom of speech been attacked in former
times but on one memorable occasion, and that was
when a citizen of Kentucky, a Representative upon
the floor of Congress, one of the most able and
bulliant men of that State, offered a resolution for
the expulsion of John Quincy Adams because
he had offered a petition for the dissolution of the
Union, signed by a l?rge and respectable body of
citizens in the northern States. Mr. Adams,
who stood up very properly for the right of free
debate, presented that petition, and Mr. Marshall
moved his expulsion. The excoriation the lat-
ter received, and the vindication of the right of free
speech in this House made by that distinguished
man from Massachusetts, I hope will long remain
to be consulted as authority by those who urge
action upon the resolution now submitted by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax.]
I will not go into the discussion of the ques-
tion now. My condition will not ollow it. lam
suffering from a chill to which I have been subject
all the morning; and would not, were it not for the
urgent necessity, m my estimation, of protesting
against this proceeding, have obtruded myself
upon the House at all.
Why is it proposed to expel this member?
What is the charge as made by the resolution
offered by the gentleman fro'm Indiana? There
have been members expelled for dishonorable,
disgraceful conduct, men who embezzled or stole
the public money, who used their place of trust
and honor for self-aggrandizement. Such men
have been expelled. But never before in the his-
tory of this Union has a resolution been moved
against any member of this House because of
sentiments uttered in debate. What is the charge
wnde against the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Long?] What is the accusation upon which this
resolution for expulsion is founded ? It is that in
asserting in his speech yesterday that the people
of the southern confederacy ought to be acknowl-
edged, and peace ought to be now made on the
basis of that recognition, he was guilty of using
treasonable language.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. If the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky will permit me, I will
read to the House the language used from the
gentleman from Ohio. It is not as stated by the
gentleman from Kentucky; and in many speeches
made on this question to-day, including that made
by the mover of the resolution, the language, the
idga, of the gentleman from Ohio has not yet been
properly stated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Was the
gentleman present when that speech was made?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I hold in my
hand the identical manuscript from w;bich the
gentleman from Ohio "made his speech. If the
gentleman from Kentucky will permit me I will
read from it. I think it is due to the gentleman
from Ohio, as well as to the House itself, which
is now called to act upon this resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. I yield to the gentleman for
that purpose with a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. BROOM ALL. Let me interrupt the gen-
tleman for one moment.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I hold -the floor
by the courtesy of the gentleman from Kentucky.
I was not present in the House yesterday to
hear the speech of the gentleman from Ohio. I
came into the Halt this morning, making my ap-
Eearance for the first time in many days, having
een confined to my bed by severe sickness. 1
applied personally to the gentleman from Ohio
to know what he did say, and whether I could
stand up and indorse the sentiments which he had
uttered, or be compelled to agree to a vote of
censure upon him. lie gave me the identical pa-
per from which he made the speech which has
called forth this most extraordinary resolution.
He asked me after I had read the manuscript
whether I was ready to vote for his expulsion.
I said no. The only recognition of the southern
confederacy was this. It was presented as an
alternative of evils to the country. The gentle-
man from Ohio said as the choice of alternatives
he would accept recognition. That is all there
is of it. The language is:
" I now believe there are but two alternatives, and they
are either the acknowledgment of the independence of the
South as an independent nation, or their complete subjuga-
tion and exteimination as a people; and of these aitrrna-
lives I prefer the former."
Sir, as a choice of evils, rather than see the
whole southern people exterminated, men, wo-
men, and children put to the swotd, he would
accept a recognition as an alternative of these two
unfortunate and dreadful results.
And, sir, I desire to say that if he is to be ex-
pelled for the utterance of that, sentiment, you
may include me in it, because I concur fully in
that sentiment. [Cries of "Agreed "Agj-eeu!"]
Mr. MALLORY. I will be through in a few
moments, and then gentlemen can proceed with
this debate.
I must be allowed to say that as I understood
the general scope of the speech of the gentleman
from Ohio I do not concur in the sentiments ex-
pressed by him. As I understood the general
tenor and scope of his speech, it was an indication
of feeling against the prosecution of this war from
the beginning. My votes and speeches in this
House have exempted me from the suspicion, I
suppose, of concurring with the gentleman in that
opinion, withoutany declaration of that fact being
now necessary.
I was proceeding to inquire what the offense is
for which you propose to proceed against thegen-
tleman from Ohio. The gentleman from Indiana
has charged that he is guilty of treason, or trea-
sonable language. Well, sir, in the name of high
Heaven what is treasonable language? I have
heard so much talked about it upon this floor, I
have seen so much written about it, that i would
like to have some man skilled in philology give
me some definition of treasonable language. Is
treasonable language the utterance of a declaration
of intention upon the part of irmati to commit
treason? Why, if you give it that construction
the gentleman from Ohio has uttered no treason-
able language.
The Constitution of the United States defines
treason to be levying war against the United
States, adhering to its enemies, and giving them
aid and comfort. The gentleman from Ohio did
not say in his speech that he intended to join the
rebels in levying war against the Government of
the United States. He cannot be charged with
havinguttered treasonable language by such an
expression as that. But the forced inference
against the gentleman from Ohio is that by say-
ing, hi a certain contingency hp would be iri
vor of acknowledging the independence of thp
southern confederacy, he gi^es aid and corafortto
the enemies of the country as contemplated by tfce
Constitution of the United States in its.defimtibn
of treason.
Mr. COLFAX. Will it be agreeable to the
gentleman to allow me to correct him right feerfef
Mr. MALLORY. Of course
Mr. COLFAX. The passage read by the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Fernando WoodJ
is one passage of the speech. My resolution i§
based upon the entire speech which I had the
misfortune to hear, and I will give tHe gentleman
an abstract of th$t speech.
In the first place the gentleman took the groum}
that there was no constitutional power to coerce
a State. The gentleman will not deny that. In
the-second place he took th<? ground that it waa
impossible, at any rate, to subjugate the South,
Is not that correct?
Mr. LONG. I deny that.
Mr. COLFAX. I so understood the gentle-
man, but as he denies it I will take that bac^c.
The gentleman assents to the first part, that there
was no constitutional ground to coerce a State.
The gentleman also, if I understood him correctly,
and 1 think I did, had this remark in his speech:
" Let them go." Is that correct? I desire tosay
that the speech, though in writing, for some rea^
son or other does not appear in the Globe of this
morning, and I can only speak from memory. '
Mr. LONG. I have had the original manu-
script of my speech written for the last four weeks,
but u was not handed to the reporter last night
in consequence of his own suggestion, but that
speech, with what I subsequently said, and aft
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
said, can appear in the Globe on JV^onday. I
have that written speech, here word for word,
without the changc of a syllable or word.
Mr. COLFAX. I do not believe the gentle-
man would change a solitary word; and if the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] will
yield to me 1 will move to postpone this matter
until Monday, when we can have the speech be-
fore us.
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly.
Mr. COLFAX. I will proceed with what I
was saying. The gentleman took th.e grounjl
that theie was no constitutional ground to coerce
a Stale. From that it followed that when they
raised their armies and resisted as States they
must be let go. He then stated, in conclusion,
that there were but two alternatives,either a rec-
ognition of the confederacy or their subjugatioji
by arms. He did not say that he took the former
as a choice pf evils, but he said "I prefer the
former." 1 think those were his very words.
I now move to postpone the further considera-
tion of the resolution until Monday next, at two
o'clock, and on that motion I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. LONG. With the permission of the gen-
tleman, 1 desire to say a word.
Mr. COLFAX. I yield to the gentleman, of
course.
Mr. LONG. I desire to explain the reason
why my speech did not appear in the Globe of
this morning. It was withheld at the suggestion
of one of the reporters at the desk,-who came to
me and suggested that inasmuch as they could
not prepare last night what I had said subsequent-
ly, and what my colleague [Mr. Garfield] had
said, it would be better to withhold all of it until
Monday.
Mr. COLFAX. That statement is entirely,sat-^
isfactory.
Mr. LONG. The manuscript of my speech I
will at once hand over to the reporters, and it
shall appear just as it is here and just as I read it
yesterday, it will pass out of my hands now
without the alteration of a single word.
Mr. COLFAX. That is entirely satisfactory.
Mr. BLISS, Will the gentleman allow me to
make a single suggestion?
Mr. COLFAX. Certainly.
Mr. BLISS. I desire to suggest, what th§
gentleman will bear witness to himself, that upori
our side of the House but one gentleman has been
heard in opposition to this resolution. I wish to
♦submit some remarks upon the subject in justice
to myself and my own position, ana also in jus-
tice to my colleague and ip reference to the merits
