1864.
THE
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
471
It looks only to the offender himself, and is legardleis of
his innocent posteuty. It really operates as a posthumous
punishment upon them, and compels them to hear not onlv
the disgrace naturally attendant upon such flagitious crimes,
but takes from them the common rights and puvilegea en-
joyed byall othercitizens, where they are wholly innocent,
and however remote they may be in lineage from the fiist
offender. It is surely enough for society to take the life of
the offender as a just punishment of his crime without
taking from his offspring and relatives that pioperty which
may be the only means of saving them from poverty and
luin. It is bad policy, too ; for it cuts off all the attach-
ments which these unfortunate victims mightotherwi^e feel
for their own Government, and prepaies them to ensrage in
any other service by which their supposed injuries may be
icdressed, or their hereditary hatred gtatified."—Commen-
taries, page 172.
Upon these and similar grounds Judge Story
thinks the Convention adopted article three, sec-
tion three.
And again lie says:
"The history of other countries abundantly proves that
one of the strong incentives to prosecute offenses, as trea-
son, lias been the chancc of sharing in the plunder of the
victims. Ilapaeity has been stimulated to exert itself in the
service of the most corrupt tyranny, and tyranny lias been
thus furnished with new opportunities of indulging its ma-
lignity and revenge ; of gratifying its envy of the lich and
good; and of increasing its means to reward favorites and
secure retaineis for the worst deeds."—Commentaries, page
173.
Sir, I cannot forbear to enrich and fortify my
argument against this policy with another quo-
tation from an authority already great on both
sides of the ocean, destined to be still greater when
history comes to estimate the men and eVents of
these times. It is a general order published by
that soldier, statesman, and patriot, George B.
McClellan. He says:
" The genetal commanding takes this occasion to remind
the officers and soldiers of the Army that we are engaged
in supporting the Constitution and laws of the United States
and in suppressing rebellion against their authoiity; that
we are not engaged in a war of rapine, revenge, or subju-
gation ; that this is not a contest againn populations, but
against armed forces ; that it is a struggle can led on within
the State, and should he conducted by us upon the highest
principles known to Christian civilization."
This policy surrenders society in fifteen States
to confusions and strifes that will afflict and con-
vulse them long after war is nominally at an end.
Peace will be no peace to us, Mr. Speaker, with
this policy. Unhappily the contcst now rages in
our part of our common country; armed forces
of both belligerents trample down our fields, eat
out our substance,and struggle m our midst; our
fences, our houses, (public and private,) our vil-
lages are consumed by fire; robbery and murder
do their demon work; from sections thus afftictod
the remnant of the people depart and leave it a
desolation. From calamities like these, for which
we of all other people of the United States are least
responsible, (since we never hated any, but loved
all the States and peoplcsof the great family,) we
would fain at some early date escape. But con-
fiscation will perpetuate these strifes and render
peace and harmony to our people impossible.
Neighborfromneighbor,fiiend from friend, father
from child, husband from wife are divided; and
thus the body-politic is paralyzed, the family
cursed, and each honest heart broken in pieces.
Will the plunder of estates reconcile these differ-
ences, heal these divisions, and give us peace when
the war is over? .No; with a refinement of venge-
ance our sectional enemies, heated l>y long po-
litical strifes with which the heart of Kentucky
never sympathized, propose to curse our future
with emancipation and confiscation, and thus de-
stroy the only hopes and happiness which deso-
lating war might otherwise leave us.
From these woes, Mr. Speaker, most of the
honorable gentlemen of this House witluheir con-
stituencies arc happily exempt. I rejoice that it
is so; our true and brave people crave no fellow-
ship in misery. But though thus removed far
fiom these scenes let them not close theireyesto
our situation, despise our advice, mock at our
calamities. Why should they hate treason more
than we do? We have suffered most from its
crimes, and had most to dread from its success m
the future; yet all whom we are willing shall live
at all we are anxious shall live upon terms that will,;
not degrade them and make it impossible to rec- 1
oncile them to the State and to us. !
Gentlemen try to disedge this policy by contin- ,
ually assuring us that the lands of the South are j
held by but few; but in that, sir, they are mis-
taken. In many of those States, if not in all, the
distribution of real estate is general. As mem- ■
bora of the family, or by the ties of blood, much j
I the larger part of the population is interested in
I the real estate. But, sir, the confiscation act in
terms embraces the entire population, since all
iiavc been compromised by tiie rebellion, and pro-
poses the most widespread arid barbarous robbery
of property of which history furnishes an ex-
ample. It cannot be executed to any extent with-
out a sum of human misery at which every hu-
mane man must shudder. Sir, it is not only the
policy of endless future strifes, but the policy of
extermination and rccolonization. Some boldly
and audaciously proclaim this, like Wendell Phil-
lips, the Anacharsis Clootz of this revolution.
And can such a policy succced r Why, more than
halfof the people of thirty-four States oppose it.
How magnificent, sir, is the confidence of that
minority, which, in the face of growing discon-
tents and ever widening divisions of the people,
each day multiplies its tasks and amplifies its
projects. It proposes to conscript one half the na-
tion to exterminate and recolonize the other half.
, The policy prolongs the war indefinitely by
compelling a brave and numerous people to strug-
gle, not for national independence, but for liberty
and existence. I confess I shudder for the con-
sequences to our Union as the contest assumes
that form. Is it possible upon these principles to
subdue six million people, occupying so vast and
fertile a territory, a warlike and intelligent race like
ourselves, and, too, by a people divided in half
upon this policy, and, to judge from the tone and
temper manifested on either side, separating fur-
ther and further day by day? Iiow Ion® will it
take to make the conquest? How much will it cost
to keep it? It is a lifetime since Poland fell a
prey to the Russian; battle and halter and scourge
have dealt upon Hungary; Ireland is in chains;
but the despots who rule those people have never
broken their spirit nor crushed them into quietude.
Are the people of the eleven States less intractable,
or have they been less free? Or would they re-
main more passive slaves to the executive ten per
cent., guaided by a negro army, with all that
makes life suppoitable irreparably lost? From
time to lime, as occasion served, the injured and
oppressed would break their chains and strike for
liberty. Sir, it will be a difficult task to keep
Americans in slave i y in sight of Camden, Eutaw,
Guilford, and Yorktown. They cannot crouch
down theie in abject submission to a servile,
oath-bound minority, reniembeiing where they
aie, and what they were. They would prove
but restless subjects in this democracy. Let us ;
not try subjugation and forfeiture. Arms against
arms, pardon, immunity, equality, liberty to all
who submit, will be found more potent, more se-
cure, moie speedy, more honorable. The gieat-
est of human seers and bards has said, speaking
1>V the mouth of England's greatest conqueror,
"When lenity and cruelty play for a kingdom,
the gentle gamester is the soonest winner."
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] urges the seizure and sale of the lands
of the South to pay our husje debt and relieve our
heavy taxation. Sir, confiscation will produce
but a trifle; the plunderer will get all, the Treas-
ury nothing. The estates must go for nothing.
What buyer will risk them at a tolerable price?
How enviable the lot of that northern man who
drives out the family of some lost father, and
sits down beneath the vine and fig-tree he never
I planted! What a welcome guest at every good
j man's feast! But his bed will not be a bed of
j roses; the toich will muse him from his slum-
j bers, the ctack of outlaw's rifle will stretch him
| lifeless on his new domain. Or when the yellow
i harvests crown his fields, and he is ready to say,
; "Soul, take thine ease," the southern Roderick
! Dhu, beholding his lavished birthright fiom his
| glen, will sally foith to "epoil the spoiler" as he
' may. Revenue from such a source accursed is
! a delusion. I would farm these "conquests"
! another way. I would cut the national debt in
! twain by halving it with lestored and reconciled
' brethren; I would lighten the load of taxation by
! widening its basis, and giving to the South order,
i self-government, and peace. Under that policy I
| wouTd expect to see "grmt-visaged war smooth his
I wrinkled front," industry levive throughout her
I borders,her great products once more cumber the
; levees, once moie fill our tonnage, and on "woven
I wings" fly to eager foreign marts, thence to flow
back on Ametiea in golden streams reinvigora-
i ting our finances, augmenting our revenues, con-
solidating our credit, and scattering the blessings
of prosperity and plenty throughout the whote
land. And by the blessing of God, under this
wise, honorable, humane, and constitutional pol-
jj icy 1 should hope at no distant period, these sad
}j days remembered only as a horrid dream, to see
" the great" Republic clothed with all its former
strength and beauty, advancing to realize the
hopes of its founders.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the gentleman
from Kentucky have permission to go on and
finish his remarks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will proceed,
if no objection be made.
Mr. PRICE. I object.
Mr. WOODBRID&E obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Has the morning hour expired? •
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Before doing so, however, I will move
that all general debate upon the bill under con-
sideration in committee be terminated at three
o'clock to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 now ask for the voteupon
going to committee.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and proceeded to the con-
sideration of the special order, being Senate bill
No. 36, to amend an act entitled "An act for en-
rolling and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes,"approved March 3, 1863.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question
to be upon the amendment offered yesterday by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holmanv] to
strike out all after the word " enlisted," in line
nineteen, page 4, down to the end of the fifth sec-
tion, as follows:
And if any drafted person shall hereafter pay money for
the procuration ot a substitute, under the piovisions of the
act to which this is an amendment,such payment of money
fdiall operate only to relieve *.uch penoti fiom draft on that
oali, and his name shall bo retained on the roll, and ho .-hail
be subject to draft on future calls; and the maximum .of
commutation under said act shall hereafter be $4C0uibtead
of §300.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
And so much ofthe thirteenth section of the act of which
th is act is an amendment as authorizes exemption from mil-
ltaiv service by the payment of a sum not exceeding $300
is> hereby icpealcd.
Upon which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. A. Myers] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. A. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, I hope the
committee will not be alarmed at the small bundle
of papers I have before me. The remarks^have
to submit have not been committed to writing.
Last evening when, after the little storm of debate
which occurred in this House, I had obtained the
floor, I went home, sat down in my room, and
jotted down a few notes as heads of the discon-
nected remarks that I shall make upon the subject
which is properly before the committee; for I may
getinto the congressionalhabitofwandcrmgsome-
what from the subject under debate.
I have had the pleasure of listening to several
speeches during my short experience in this Hall
upon both sides of the House, and on various sub-
jects; yet I am sorry to say that from the other
side of this Chamber, from judicial experience
and astuteness down to juvenile congressional ver-
dancy, I have failed to discover a warm support
of my country in its trying hour. And until I
hear a different train of argument, until 1 hear
words indicating different motives, I shall have to
continue, as I have in the past, to admire the per-
sons more than the principles of the honorable
gentlemen on the other side of the House.
In the discussion of the various questions that
have come up 1 have scarcely heard one speech,
I have scarcely listened to one argument, and I
believe scarcely a resolution coming from the left
side of this Chamber, the beginning, the middle,
and the end of which has not been denunciation,
abuse, misrepresentation, and obstruction of every
effort ofthe Administration, while the country is
struggling for its existence. Perhaps I have not
always heard correctly, but that has been my
understanding.
