1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
he can withdraw it under the circumstances.
Half past four o'clock having arrived, the
House took a recess until half past seven p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p.m.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. LOAN asked leave of absence for the re-
mainder of the session for his colleague, Mr.
Knox,'on account of sickness.
Leave was granted.
MILITARY ROAD IN OREGON.
Mi*. JULIAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, by unanimous consent, reported back an
act (S. No. 23) granting land to the State of Ore-
gon to aid in the construction of a military road
from Eugene City to the eastern boundary of said
State.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATHAN S. BRENTON.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a resolution which is absolutely necessary
to save an innocent man from ruin.
The resolution, which was read, directs the
proper accounting officers of theTreasury to credit
the account of Major Nathan S. Brenton, a pay-
master in the service of the United States, with
$2,600,000, being for the United States Treasury
notes destroyed by the burning of the steamer
Ruth on the Mississippi river while in his charge,
if, on examination of the evidence by the Pay-
master General, he shall deem him justly entitled
to such credit.
Mr. NOBLE. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
hear me before he objects.
Mr. NOBLE. I sought to inquire after the
evidence in that case the other day, and it was
refused.
Mr. STEVENS, The evidence is all on file,
and I hope the gentleman will not object.
Mr. NOBLE. I must insist upon my objec-
tion.
COMPENSATION OF HOUSE EMPLOYES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, asked the
unanimous consent ofthe House to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That tlif* Clerk of this House ho, and it? hereby,
authorized and dncetfd to pay to the laborers and em-
ploy 6s thei ?<>f, out of the contingent fund, twenty per cent,
in addition to the compensation as it was from the eoni-
rounef'ment of the pri*«pnt session, and that Sandy 13ru<*p,
the eoioii'd assistant in the bath-ioom, be paid as a laborer
at the same rate foi the t>aine period.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, objected.
SANDY BRUCE.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofPennsyivania, asked unan-
imous consent to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be, and is hereby,
authorized to pay out of the contingent fund to Sandy
Bruce, the colored •^sis-tant in the buth-ioom, the compen-
sation of a laboier from the commencement ofthe present
session.
There being no objection, the resolution was re-
ceived and adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consideron the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALLY C. NORTHRUP.
Mr. SLOAN, by unanimous consent, reported,
from tlie Committee on Public Lands, a bill for
the relief of Sally C. Northrup; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill gives to Sal!y C. Northrup, of Rdoit,
Wisconsin, permission to enter on the public
lands certain land warrants issued under the act
of February 11, 1847.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr, SLOAN moved to roconsidrv the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BLUE MONT COLLEGE.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Public Lands, reported back
Senate bill No. 73, to amend an act entitled "An
act to enable the trustees of Blue Mont College
to enter a certain quarter section of land," ap-
proved March 2, 1861.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. HALE. I move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is too
late in the session to go into the consideration of
private bills.
Mr. IIALE. The Private Calendar has hardly
been taken up three times during the session.
There are a good many bills upon it to which no
objection will be made.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order if
the gentleman from New York, who is entitled
to the floor on a question of privilege, yields the
floor for that purpose.
Mr. BROOKS. Retaining my right to resume
the floor, I will yield.
Mr. HALE called for tellers on his motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Mcssis. Cox and
Woodbiudge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 61, noes 31.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into a Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Knapp in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the Private Calen-
dar, resuming its reading where it was left off
on last objection day.
GEORGE MOWRY.
A bill for the relief of George Mowry.
The bill directs the Secretary ofthe Treasury
to pay to George Mowiy the sum of $72 12 in
full for conveying two prisoneis from Somerset
jail, in Pennsylvania, to Pittsburg, in the year
1841, by order of the United States deputy mar-
shal for the western district of Pennsylvania.
The report states that the services for which
this appropriation is asked were peiformed in
1841, and the claim was presented to the Thir-
tieth Congress, and at the second session thereof
Mr. John A. Rockwell, from the Committee of
Claims, leported a bill appropriating $72 12 for
the relief of the claimant. Upon a full examina-
I tion of the claim the committee think Mr. Mowry
! is justly entitled to that amountand no more.
II The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
JOHN WAIlltlON AND SON.
The bill directs the Treasurer of the United
States to pay to John Warren & Son $500 m full
satisfaction of a draft drawn and dated at Fort
Bliss, Texas, December 4, 1860, by Thomas G.
Rhett, paymaster United States Army, on the
Assistant Treasurer of the United States atNew
York, payable to the orderof Frank De Kuyther,
for $500, upon their filing the draft with the Treas-
urer.
Fiom the report it appears that on the 4th of
December, 1860, John G. Rheft, a paymaster in
tlve United States Aimy, stationed at Fort Bliss,
Texas, drew a draft on the Assistant Treasurer
j of the United States at New York for $500, for
j tlie purpose of paying olf tioops in the United
! States service at that point, which draft was
| cashed by parlies at Fort Bliss in the same man-
ner they had been in the habit of doing for some
i; time ptevious thereto, and the money disbursed
• [ in payment of the troops. The draft then passed
!j by indorsement through a number of hands, and
s; came, through the reguh.r course of businesy
il transaction, into the hands of the prtsent hold-
;i ers, Wairen & Son, who presented it to Mr.
1 Cisco, Assistant Tieasuier, for payment, who
|j declined to pav the same upon the ground that
;j the diawer, John G. Rhett, had joined the south-
!i ern confederacy, and was a defaulter to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, but that he had to-
his credit on the books of the Treasury, for some
time subsequent to the date of the •draft, a sum
exceeding $16,000. The draft being refused pay-
ment, relief was then sought by letter addressed
to Hon. Simon Cameron, who replied, Novem-
ber 1, 1861, as follows;
"That Rhett was an accredited agent of the Govern- *
went at the lime the check was drawn, and that it was ^
pureha&ed in good faith, and that there is no doubt the Gov-;
eminent is equitably and perhaps legally bound to pay
them, but that there is no relief for holders except through
the action of Congress."
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
OIXAHLE3 F. ANDERSON,
An act (S. No. 207) for the relief of Charles
F. Anderson. [Objected to by Mr. Washbtjrne,
of Illinois.]
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
The committee here informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
was received from the Senate, by Mr. BIickey,
their Chief Clerk, informing the House that the
Senate have agreed to the report of the commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill of the House makingap-
propnations for sundry civil expenses for tne
year ending June 30, 1865.
Also that the Senate have passed a joint reso-
lution (No. 77) explanatory of the act entitled
"An act to increase the pay of soldiers in the
United States Army, and for other purposes,"ap-
proved June 20, 1864, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
The committee again resumed its session. #
D. McV. STUART.
A bill (H. R. No. 489) for the relief of D. McV.
Stuart.
The bill directs the Secretary to pay D. McV.
Stuart the sum of $121 30, in full for money ex-
pended while recruiting soldiers for the United
States service, by order of Colonel Peter E. Bland,
of the sixth regiment Missouri volunteers, in the
year 1861.
The report states that the claimant was a pri-
vate in tlie sixth Missouri regiment of infantry,
and that Colonel Peter E. Bland, commanding
the sixth regiment, on the 21st October, 1861, is-
sued an order authorizing him to go to the State •
of Minnesota, or elsewhere, to recruit for the
regiment. That he proceeded to Minnesota, and
there enlisted eight soldiers, all of whom Colonel
Bland certifies entered the service—four of them
in his regiment and the others in other regiments,
Upon submitting his account of money actually
expended to the proper officer, which amount in
the aggregate was $208, it was cut down to the
sum of $86 70, on the ground, first, that they had
no evidence that more than four of the recruits
were ever mustered into the United States ser-
vice; and second, that thirty cents per day for
rations and lodging per man was all the Gov-
ernment allowed, and that the recruiting officer
being an enlisted man they had no right to com-
mute his rations, and therefore only allowed
thirty cents per day for his subsistence.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Knapp reported that the
Committee of the Whole House had, according
to otdcr, had the Private Calendar generally un-
der consideiation, and had instructed him to re-
port three bills to the House, with the recom-
mendation that the same do pass-.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILT ,
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am directed by the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1865, to make a report. There were but
three items of any importance before the confer-
ence committee. The other matters were of no
importance. In the firstpiacc, there was the ques-
tion about the old Hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives. The clause m reference to it had been
non-concurred in by the Senate. Tlie conference
