2494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
therefore cannot speak about it; but the building
of vessels on the western lakea has now become
ari enormous business, and there is no reason why
the building of those vessels should not be taxed
"just the same as the building of steam vessels.
There may be reasons operating on the Atlantic
coast why this duty should not be imposed, but
certainly they do not operate on the western lakes.
I have heard this discrimination and also the^other
one in regard to the freights complained about.
1 cannot see any reason why this tax should not
be imposed. There are now extensive ship-yards
in Detroit, Cleveland, Erie, Buffalo, and other
Eoints, in which they are building a great num-
erof vessels for commerce on the lakes, and very
profitably.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ' The Senator does not un-
derstand it, I think. The reason why this ex-
ception is made is simply this: our neighbors in
the British provinces can build vessels so much
cheaper than we can that if we put a tax on the
business of building vessels that business will fall
exclusively into their hands. That is the great
trouble.
Mr. SHERMAN. That may be true along the
seaboard, but certainly that reason does not apply
on the lake shores, where they cannot get the fa-
cilities to do so.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. They will get the facili-
ties if it is found that it is so much cheaper for
them to build vessels. The result will be pre-
cisely this, that the business of building vessels
will fall into their hands. That is the reason
why the House of Representatives passed the
section on this subject which they did pass by a
very large vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then t ask why this duty
should not apply to steamboats as well as sail-
ing vessels.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because they have not
gone into the business of building steamboats in
the provinces.
Mr. SHERMAN. The argument is precisely
the same, i have heard this argument suggested
in reference to the Atlantic coast, that then' is the
competition to bo looked to in the building of the
vessels; hut that is not the case with the com-
merce of the lakes, which is said now to be equal
to our commerce on the ocean. The transpor-
tation of wheat in these vessels is immense, and
it is increasing. The number of steamboats is
decreasing and the number of sailing vessels is
increasing; and 1 do not see why the manufac-
ture of those vessels should not pay a tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator confounds
the question of building the vessels and the ques-
tion of freight.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. I say here is
a tax on the building of vessels, a discrimination
against the building of steamboat vessels in favor
of the vessels propelled by sails. It reads now,
as it came from the House:
On aU repairs of engines, cars, carnages, or other arti-
cle, when fcueli repair* mereasc the value of the nuicle so
repaired ten p**r cent, or over, a duty of three pur cent, on
such increased value.
The House made no discrimination; but it is
proposed now to make a discrimination, and to
amend the clause .so that it will read:
On all repairs of cnulnos, cars, cairiaues, or other arti-
cle*, t:\eept vessoh propelled exclusively by win n
such repairs inejea-a: the value of the aiticle jo repaired
ten pei cent. 01 over, a duty of thiee per cent, on such in-
creased value.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mistaken
again. The £lou«e did make a discrimination.
Mr. SHERMAN. Whore?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Over in the last part of
the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. On freight?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. The one hun-
dred and seventy-sixth section dechres:
That the tax levied in section mnety-tluoe shall not be
held to apply to vessels propelled exclusively h} .sain.
The committee simply propose to transfer that
provision to section ninety-three. That proposi-
tion, alter a debate in the House, was adoptt d by
n very large vote because so many persons there
knew the fact. But the House also made a dis-
crimination, and I think without much thought
and unwisely, on the question of freight. That
discrimination, I think, should not be made, at
any rate so far as the coasting trade is concerned,
and it was upon that subject that I spoke to the
Senator.
The reason why this discrimination does not
apply to steam vessels is this; steamers are a dif-
ferent kind of manufacture into which the British
provinces have not gone for want of capital and
facilities. The time may come when we shall be
obliged to take off the duty on the building of
those vessels. But they can build sailing vessels
with just as much facility as we can. If the Sena-
tor was familiar with it, he would know thect
wherever there is a harbor with a sufficient depth
of water they can build them, and it requires no
outlay of capital. We have imposed so many
heavy duties on everything .that goes into the
manufacture of a ship that if we impose a duty
also on the manufacture itself we snail destroy
the ship-building interest not only here but on
the lakes. It is a different question from the
question of freight.
Mr. SHERMAN. With due deference to the
Senator, I must confess that I cannot see it. The
question is on taxing the manufacture of ships,
and I can see no reason for taxing the manufacture
of steamboats that will not apply to sailing ves-
sels. On the Atlantic coast, where our manufac-
tures of sailing vessels are brought into more di-
rect competition with all the world, there may be
a reason why this tax should not be applied to ves-
sels there,although I cannotsee that very strong-
ly. It is said it is a discrimination against our
manufactures. All internal taxes are a discrim-
ination against our own manufactures, because
we cannot impose a tax in this bill on the
manufactures of other countries, and therefore
to some extent all these taxes are a discrimin-
ation against our own industry. But there
may be reasons in regard to the building of ves-
sels on the Atlantic seaboard that would operate
against this tax, but they cannot operate, it seems
to me, in the interior portions of the country. In
Canada they build but a very few vessels. They
have their own tax laws. We build a large num-
ber. Now, if a person should embark Ins capital
in building a steamboat, even the hull of a steam-
boat, which may be manufactured on the Cana-
dian side and floated across to our side, filled with
iron and machinery, he would have to pay the tax.
Mr FESSENDEN". That would be a very
good reasoij foi sfiiking it all out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see any reason
why the tax should not apply to the building of
all vessels.
Mr. COLLAMER. Neither do I.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Maine
seems to think itso perfectly clear that I am some-
what confused that 1 cannot see it. The Senator
from Vermont says he cannot. I think there is
no reason for it. I believe that the shipping in-
terest 011 the Atlantic coast and in the interior
could bear a reasonable and moderate tax. This
is but threeNpercent. in one case and two per cent,
in another. I believe that all of them could bear
it a great deal bettor than other people can bear
many of the other taxes imposed by this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. It seems very dear to me
that if theie is any discrimination in this tax it
should be in favor of steam vessels rather than
of sailing vessels. It is very well known that the
materials of which steam vessels are made are
much more complex and pay a much larger reve-
nue in the way of indirect and direct taxation prior
to theirgoinginfo those vessels. Then it is like-
wise well known that your sailing craft come in
direct competition with your steam craft, and it is
manifestly unjust to discriminate against the
steam vessels. We all know it is very much
more expensive running a steam vessel than a
sailing vessel. Wo oil know that sail vessels
have a most decided advantage in the way of low
freight. They can freight much lower than the
steam vessels. The competition is very great.
The steam vessels cost much more to run them
than sailing vessels; and I really do not see the
force of the argument of the Senator from Maine.
The Senator says that if this tax should be im-
posed they will build vessels inCanadaand bring
them here. Why, sir, they cannot be natural-
ized in this country without a special act of Con-
gress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They can make a sale
to our citizens, ns a matter of cotuse.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not as a mutter of course
by any m.-ans. On the contrary, unless a vessel
has been repaired and I think either three fourths
or four fifths of her value placed upon her in the
shape of repairs in this country she cannot get
an American register, and there are very few ex-
ceptions where registers have been granted un-
less a very large share of the value of the vessel
was placed upon her in American waters. 1 re-
peat, I cannot see the force of the argument of
the Senator from Maine. In myjudgment, this
is an unjust discrimination against the vessels
propelled by steam, and in favor of those pro-
pelled by sails. I hope the proposition of the
Senator from Ohio will be adopted and that no
such discrimination will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think Senators in their
anxiety to accomplish a purpose for the lakes do
not make a proper distinction, and, with great
deference to them, I think they are confounding
the two questions of freight and the building of
vessels. The argument of the Senator from Mich-
igan mixes the two questions up together. I
agree with him that sailing vessels can carry
cheaper comparatively, but they cannot carry
freights so often; they cannot do the business
with so much facility as steamers.
The argument of both Senators might apply
very well, if they think there is any difficulty
about it, to the building of steamers. The real
truth of the matter is that the contest arises and
has arisen there on the lakes between the owners
of steamers and the owners of sailing vessels.
The owners of steamers contend that the sail-
ing vessels should be made to pay freight. That
is true to a very great extent; 1 agree to it. I
see no reason why they should not; that is to
say, all that are engaged in what is called the
coasting business. But with regard to these ves-
sels, we cannot by our treaties now prevent the
owner of a foreign vessel, a vessel trading to for-
eign ports, fiom bringing «argoes to our own
ports. They do it with the same facility and on
the same terms precisely that our own vessels do.
There is no discrimination against them. 1 speak
of course of British vessels, with whom we have
the greatest business; and we may just as well
considei all others as of no comparative conse-
quence. J.nto that question the cost of building
the vessels enters most materially. In ourcountry
at present we are obliged to impose very heavy
duties on iron and cordage and a great many
materials of that kind which enter into the com-
position of a vessel. Even without this tax we
cannot build a vessel, and have never been able
to build a vessel, as cheap as they do in the Brit-
ish provinces. The labor is much cheaper with
them, if you burden the building of these ves-
sels so heavily they will be enabled almost at any
time to monopolize our foreign trade; that is,
taking cargoes to the West India islands and
bringing cargoes from there home, without any
very considerable difficulty. Those employed in
the coasting trade, as I said before, ought to pay
a tax on freight. I have never known a case
where a vessel was purchased where an Amer-
ican register was refused to it by an act of Con-
gress if desired.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator would ex-
plain what difficulty there is practically in the way
of protecting ship-building on the Atlantic coast
against this competition either through your reg-
istration laws or through your tariff laws.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You can protect it un-
doubtedly if you will preventforeign vessels from
bringing cargoes to our-shores.
Mr. HOW E. That is the freighting business;
this is the manufacturing business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly; but does
not the Set u to i perceive that the expense of freight,
the power to make freight, depends very mate-
rially on the cost of the vessel? Can a vessel
which costs twice as much as another carry freight
as cheap? The Senator will see that cannot be
done; and you cannot possibly exclude them, such
is the state of our treaties and our business. The
fact is atpresent that we cannot build a vessel any-
where near so cheap, leaving this duty out of the
question, as the provinces can build them; and if in
addition to the duties that are piled upon all that
goes into the manufacture of a vessel you put a
duty of this kind on the business of manufac-
turing, you heap upon it a burden that it will be
unable to bear.
If Senators will inquire into the matter it will
be found probably that they have not gone into
the business of making vessels on the lakes to so
huge an extent as we have; they have not any
