8470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
committee agreed to cut down the appropriation
from $24,000 to $15,000.
Then there was the item for the Columbia
Asylum for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind.
All of the appropriation except some seven thou-
sand dollars was struck out by the Senate. The
House agreed to recede from that clause making
an appropriation for the building of a house in
the grounds; and instead of that an appropriation
was made to buy thirteen acres of ground adjoin-
ing the institution, and on which an old house can
be moved.
The nextitemof any importance was in regard
to the Washington aqueduct. The House, it wiil be
remembered, had confined the expenditure of the
$150,000 appropriated to building a dam and bring-
ing the water from beyond the reservoir to below
it, so as to get the water of the Potomac. The
Senate struck that out, and gave the $150,000 to
the general purposes of the aqueduct. The House
committee of conference was unwilling to leave
it in that way. They supposed that the §150,000
might be spent without our still getting the Po-
tomac water, and that when we came here next
session we could hardly see what had become of
it, as we can hardly see what has become of the
$3,000,000 already expended. As we could not
agree upon it, the House committee preferred to
strike out the whole item and let the work stop
rather than have itgo on in that way. We disa-
greed upon it, and the whole appropriation falls.
That is aboutall the matters of importance passed
on by the conference committee. If gentlemen
have any inquiry to make about other matters in
the bill I will be happy to give all the information
I possess.
The question was taken on the report of the
conference committee, and it was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the conference report was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the bills reported from the Committee of the
Whole House on the Piivate Calendar, as fol-
lows:
GEORGE MOWRY.
A bill (H. R. No. 458) for the relief of George
Mowry was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
JOHN 1VAR11EN AND SON.
A bill (H. R. No. 479) for the relief of John
Warren &. Son was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
D. HcV. STUART.
A bill (H. R. No. 489) for the relief of D.
MoV. Stuart was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
SAN FRANCISCO BRANCH MINT.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate bill No: 186, authorizing the
erection of buildings for the branch mint at San
Francisco.
There being no objection, the House proceeded
to the consideration of the bill as in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The bill was read. It appropriates §300,000 to
be expended under the diiection of the Secretary
of the Treasury in the purchase of a site, if ne-
cessary, and the erection of a suitable building
or buildings for the use of a branch mint in San
Francisco, California.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHANNON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLERK TO NAVAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. GRISWOLD asked unanimous consent to
introduce a lesoiution directing the payment of
one dollar per day during the present session of
Congress to the clerk of the Committee on Naval
Affiius in addition to the compensation hereto-
11 I  [ M U \ ) 'J' d.
bitOOMALL objected.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. HALE moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on.the Private Cal-
endar.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, (Mr.
Knapp in the chair,) it being considered as ob-
jection day.
IIORACK E. DIMOCK.
A bill (H. R. No. 490) for the relief of Horace
E. Dimock, of St. Louis, Missouri. [Objected
to by Mr. Loan.]
C. J. FIELD AND C. F. CLAY.
A bill (H. R. No. 492) for the relief of C. J.
Field and C. F. Clay, of Bolivar county, Mis-
sissippi. [Objected to by Mr. Farnsworth.]
IIEIRS OF ISAAC I. STEVENS.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 84) for the relief
ofthe heirsof the late Isaac I. Stevens. [Objected
to by Mr. Orth.]
FRANCES MUNSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 51G) for the relief of Frances
Munson.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay Frances Munson, the daughter of
Major Isaac HubbeI,of the revolutionary army,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of §500.
It appears from the report that Mrs. Frances
Munson is a widow lady of the age of eighty-two
years, entirely blind, quite helpless, and in indi-
gent circumstances. She is the daughter ofMajor
Isaac Hubbel, ofthe army of the Revolution, who
was stationed at West Point at the time Benedict
Arnold attempted to betray his country by surren-
deringthatimportant post to the British. Major
Hubbel met a premature death in consequence of
his exposure in the revolutionary war, leaving his
daughter, now Mrs. FrancesMunson, only eight
years old. He did not live to share the bounty
of his Government in the shape of a pension, and
no member of his family has hitherto asked for
or received pecuniary aid from that source.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
COLONEL ARCHIBALD CRAltY.
A bill (II. R. No. 528) for. the relief of the
heirs-at-law of Colonel Archibald Crary.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and directed to pay to
the heirs-at-law of Colonel Archibald Crary,de-
ceased, the sum of §1,256 44, without interest,
the balance due Colonel Crary, in full, after cred-
iting the United States the amounts paid by him,
from time to time; at the current exchange value
of the money in which the payments were made;
the sum being the balance due for his services as
colonel of a regiment of the Rhode Island bri-
gade, from the lGth of December, 1777, until the
16th of March, 1780, three years and three
months.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
AMZI L. BURNISS.
A bill (H. R. No. 529) for the relief of Amzi
L. Burnes. [Objected to by Mr. Webster.]
GEORGE CALVERT.
A bill (H. R. No. 530) for the relief of George
Calvert.
The bill directs the Secretary of War to pay
George Calvert $500, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, in full for
the loss of his ferry-boat, on the Patuxent river,
taken by order of the military authorities of the
United States in September, 1861.
It appears from the report that George Calvert
was the owner of a ferry on the Paluxent river, in
Prince George's county, Maryland. On the 11th
September, 1861, Lieutenant Hogg, with a squad
of United States troops, known as Colonel Young's
Kentucky cavalry, took possession of the ferry
and ordered the ferryman, an indented servant of
the petitioner, to take him and his squad of seven
men and horses across the river. The ferryman,
who seems to have been a valuable and faithful
servant, remonstrating against taking all the men
and horses at one load, and stated that the boat
was net able to carry all with safety. The lieu-
tenant, however, declared they had not tijne to
make two trips, and that all must go at once, and
ordered the ferryman to take them all in his boat
and proceed across the river. On the passage
the boat, being overloaded, foundered and sank,
drowning the lieutenantand the ferryman. The
boat being lost, and the petitioner being a poor
man and unable to procure another, his ferry,
which was the only means of support for himself
and family, became useless, and he now asks the
Government to compensate him for the loss he
has sustained. The proof being clear and con-
clusive as to the fact of the impressment of the
boat into the service of the United States by an
officer of the Army, and that the loss arose by
his overloading it, the committee think it only
just that he should be repaid the loss occasioned
by the act. The petitioner claims compensation
for the loss of his slave, who had near two years
to serve, when he would be free, and who un-
doubtedly lost his life in consequence of the over-
loading of the boat. But the committee do not
think it accords with the policy and practice of
the Government to pay for the losses of life in
cases of this kind, and they therefore disallow
the claim for the slave, but allow the petitioner
§500 for the other loss sustained by him.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
EGBERT A. THOMPSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 531) for the lelief of Egbert
A. Thompson. [Objected to by Mr. Loan.]
GARRKTT It. BARRY.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 46) for the relief
of Garrett R. Barry, a paymaster in the United
States Navy. [Objected to by Mr. Wilson.]
LOUISVILLE AND BARDSXOWN TURNPIKE.
A bill (H. R. No. 544) for the relief of the
Louisville and Bardstown Turnpike Company.
[Objected to by Mr. Allison.]
COLONEL II. C. DE AIINA.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 105) to provide for
payment of the claim of Colonel II. C. De Alma
for military services. [Objected to by Mr.
Thayer.]
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 106) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of cer-
tain moneys therein mentioned.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay over to Henry C. De
Ahna the sum of §2,000 deposited by De Alma
with Jay Cooke & Co. to the credit of C. V.
Hogan, an employe in the secret service of the
Treasury Department, or any part thereof, or to
cause the whole or part of the same to be confis-
cated and paid over to the Treasury of the United
States, as, in the judgment of the Secretary, may
appear just.
The joint resolution was laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with the recommendation
that it do pass.
JEAM M. LANDER.
A bill (H. R. No. 547) for the relief of Jean
M. Lander, widow of F. W. Lander, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. Washburne, of Illinois.]
HORACE GATES.
A bill (H. R. No. 555) for the relief of Horace
Gates.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Horace Gates, of Franklin,
Vermont, upon the roll of invalid pensions, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, to commence
on the 1st of January, 1862, and continue during
his natural life.
It appears from the report that Gates enlisted
in Captain Martin D. Follet's company, in Col-
onel Luther Dixon's regiment of Vermont mili-
tia, about the 20th of September, 1813, and was
honorably discharged on or about the 20th of
! November, 1813, at Plattsburg, New York; that
during his term of service the regiment to wlnclr
he belonged was at Burlington, Vermont; Cum-
berland Head, Chazy, Champlain, and Platts-
burg, in the State of New York, and La Cole in
Canada; that during a part of the time in their
inarch they were without tents and were exposed
to the rigor of the climate during the fall of the
year. That the tcntsof the regiment werestruck
