1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34ri:
in the morning of the day they were discharged
at Plattsburg, New York, and the troops re-
mained during the forenoon exposed to a cold,
heavy rain and slept. He was, at the place of
his discharge, three days' march from his place
of residence, (Huntsburg, now Franklin,) and
was obliged to march home, carryingthree days'
rations. The latter part of this march was made
in a heavy snow-storm, and the petitioner caught
an addition to the severe cold already contracted
while in the service of the United States and
brought on an attack of pleurisy. The petitioner
has never fully recovered from this attack,as his
constitution, which previous to his enlistment
was stron% and vigorous, had been shattered and
weakened, and is now Enable to obtain a liveli-
hood by manual labor, and has been for the last
eight years, in consequence of the lameness in his
leftside, winch, at times, extends to the region
of the heart. The certificates of the surgeons
show that disability has increased with the ad-
vance of his years.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
ezekiel darling.
A bill (H. R. No. 556) for the relief of Ezekiel
Darling.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Ezekiel Darling on the pen-
sion rolls, at the rate of four dollars per month,
during his natural life, the pension to commence
from the passage of the bill.
It appears from the report that Ezekiel Darling,
a soldier of 1812, is in feeble health and entirely
blind; that he performed long service in behalf of
his country in three wars—the French, Tripol-
ltan, and through the whole late war with Eng-
land; that the petitioner performed many daring
and praiseworthy acts, aiding, supplying, and
rescuing shipwrecked mariners.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that.it do pass.
joseph pike.
A bill (H. R. No. 557) granting a pension to
Joseph Pike.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Joseph Pike,
a ptivate of the war of 1812, on the pension roll,
at the rate provided or hereafter to be provided in
cases of half disability.
No objection being made, the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
elizabeth woodward and others.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 112) for the relief
of Elizabeth Woodward and George Chorpen-
ning. [Objected to by Mr. Rice, of Maine.]
T. F. GERARD AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 563) for the relief of T. F.
Gerard and others. [Objected to by Mr. Rad-
ford.]
J JETIIHO BONNET.
A bill (H. R. No. 571) fur the relief of Jethro
Bonney. [Objected to by Mr. Orth.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Calendar has been
gone through with, and the Clerk will now go
back to the commencement of the Calendar, and
all bills to which there are not five objections
will, under the rules, be laid aside and reported
to the House.
winnebago indians.
A bill (H. R. No. 198) for the benefit of half-
breeds and mixed-bloods of the Winnebago tribe
of Indians.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Pres-
ident of the United States to exempt from the
operation of the act of Congress approved Feb-
ruary 21, 1863, entitled "An act for the removal
of the Winnebago Indians, and for the sale of
their reservation in Minnesota for their benefit,"
such half-breeds and mixed-bloods of the Win-
nebago tribe of Indians as are, in his opinion,
sufficiently advanced in civilization, and as have-
abandoned, or may abandon, their tribal lelation,
and permit them to retain and occupy the several
tracts of land that have been allotted to them,re-
spectively, under the provisions of the first arti-
cle of a treaty made and concluded at the city of
Washington the 15th of April, 1859, between the
United States and the Winnebago tribe of Indi-
ans; and that the half-breeds and mixed-bloods be
permitted to hold the tracts in severalty, for which
patents shall be issued to them in fee simple, and
they shall be subject to taxation as other lands
from and after the date of the patents.
Three members only objecting, the bill was
laid aside, to be reported to the House with a
recommendation that it do pass.
isaac r. diller.
A bill (H. R. No. 94) for the relief of Isaac R.
Diller.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Isaac R. Diller, late
consul at Bremen, the sum of $3,655 55, in full
for the expenses incurred by him for extra clerk
hire in his office and for moneys advanced to des-
titute American citizens during the interval be-
tween the 1st of August, 1857, and the 20th of
September, 3861.
Two members only objecting, the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
It. L. B. CLARKE.
A bill (H. II. No. 256) for the relief of R. L.
B. Clarke.
Five members objected.
BRIGIIAM YOUNO.
A bill (H. R. No. 130) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to adjust and settle the ac-
counts of ex-Governor l^righam Young as ex
officio superintendent of Inuian affairs for the
Territory of Utah.
Five members objected.
albert brown.
An act (S. No. 30) for the relief of Albert
Brown.
Five inembeis objected.
SARAH WHITNEY AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. H. No. 72) for the relief of Sarah
Whitneyand Mary Huggerford,children of Hul-
dah Butler.
Five members objected.
H. It. CROSBIE.
A bill (EI. R. No. 292) for the relief of II. R.
Crosbte.
Five members objected.
joskt'ii c. g. kennedy.
A bill (H. R. No. 294) for the relief of Joseph
C. G. Kennedy.
Five members objected.
Mr. PRUYN. I move that the committee rise.
No matter how just and fair a bill may be, gen-
tlemen rise and offer objections. After all these
claims have been examined by the Committee of
Claims this proceeding is a perfect farce.
The motion was agieed to.
So the committee lose; and theSpeakerhaving
resumed the chair, Mr. KttArr reported that the
Committee of the Whole had had the Private Cal-
endar under consideration, and had directed him
to report to the House, with a recommendation
that they do pass, joint resolution and bills oftho
following titles:
Joint resolution (II. II. No. 106) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of cer-
tain moneys therein mentioned;
A bill (H. R. No. 516) for the relief of Frances
Munson;
A bill (H. R. No. 528) for the i elief of the heirs-
at-law ot Colonel Aichibald Crary;
A lull (H. R. No. 530) for the relief of George
Calvert;
A bill (1*1. R. No. 555) for the relief of Horace
Gates;
A bill (II. R. No. 556) granting a pension to
Ezekiel Dailing;
A bill (H. R. No. 557) granting a pension to
Joseph Pike;
A bill (H. R. No. 394) for the benefit of half-
breeds and mixed-bloods of the Winnebago tribe
of Indians; and
A bill (H. R. No. 94) for the relief of Isaac R.
Diller.
The several bills reported from the committee
as above indicated were severally read a first and
second time by their tales, ordeted to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,they
were accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the several /
votes by which the bills were passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
business on the speaker's tabls.
The SPEAKER. The House will now resume •
the consideration of the business on the Speaker's '
table, which was interrupted by the motion of the *
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] The
Chair understands that, with the assent of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] that
motion is withdrawn,
pay of army musicians.
The last remaining business on the Speaker's
table was joint resolution No. 77, explanatory of
an act entitled "An act to increase the pay of
soldiers of the United States Army, and for other
purposes," approved June 20, 1864«
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time. It resolves that the word i( musicians" in
the first section of the act is not to be construed
to include musicians (other than leaders) em-
ployed as members of brigade and regimental
bands; but such members ofbandsare to be paid
as heretofore—one fourth of the members of each
band thirty-four dollars permonth,one fourth of
them twenty dollars per month, and the remain-
ing half of them seventeen dollars per month.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to iay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
obituary addresses on mr. lovkjoy.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
offered a resolution directing the printing for the
use of this House of ten thousand copies of the
addresses made in the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives on the death of the late Owen Love-
joy; which was referred, under the law, to the
Committee on Printing.
c. ff. johnson.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent of the
House to take up House bill No. 384, for the re-
lief of C. F. Johnson, of Alabama; I wish to say
a few words in favor of the bill. Mr. Johnson
was a soldier in the Mexican war. He was se-
verely wounded, and is now a cripple for life.
He lived at Mobile at the time of the breakingout
of the rebellion. In order to avoid the secession-
ists he gathered all his little property and put it
in a skiff which he launched, and steered to New
Orleans. There his property was seized on sus-
picion that he was a secessionist, and it was lost.
General Sherman himself, who was then m com-
mand at that point, approves of the payment of
the amount claimed, and says that the claim is
just and right, and that this men is a loyal citi-
zen. He is nowhere, an objectof charity. Jus-
tice and humanity require the payment of the
claim, and I appeal to the House to pass the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 think that the man
who could paddle a skiff from Mobile to New
Orleans ought to be paid.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
w. w. iiusskll's administrator.
Mr. MOORHEAD called up House bill No.
337, for the relief of the administrator of W. W.
Russell, late paymaster in the marine corps, which
was postponed on last private bill day.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed?
Mr. MOORHEAD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to iay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The l itter motion was agreed to.
elizabeth woodward.
Mr. COFFRGTH.. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
