474
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
gift-. He received two hundred and fifty-four
thousand votes—n much larger Democratic vote
than was ever polled in that State by many thou-
sand. The soldiers who returned to their homes
expressly to vote against him were pledged, be-
fore they left the field, in opposition to him, and
upon that pledge alone they were allowed to re-
turn; and I have evidence of the fact that those
who refused so to pledge themselves were denied
furloughs. As I said, sir, I did not rise to answer
the rambling and incoherent remarks of my col-
league, butfor the purposeof placing the foremost
man in my State in a proper position beforeBhe
country. Judge Woodward has, however, de-
cided the act conscripting the people, the amend-
ments to which ar§ now under consideration, un-
constitutional. That is why the attack is made
upon him. A majority of the supreme court, as it
was then constituted, concurred with him in that
opinion, and the court pronounced their judg-
ment that the act was unconstitutional and void.
It is true that the injunctions granted in the case
of ICneedler vs. Lane, and the other cases decided
in November last, have been dissolved by that
court, as it is constituted now, a Republican
judge, who was elected by the same influence
that defeated Judge Woodward, having taken tlie
place of Chief Justice Lowrie upon the bench.
However, while the decision stood as tlie law of
the State, it was wholly disregarded by tlie per-
sons hofding positions under the Administration,
although it was the law of the Slate. It was dis-
regarded by my colleague and his whole party.
Tlie officers conducting the draft everywhere set
the decision at defiance, together with the whole
civil authority of the State.
Mr. Chairman, while I did not propose to dis-
cuss at length the bill before the House, I cannot
allow this bill to pass without protesting against
the whole provisions of the original bill and the
amendments now proposed. Your draft has been
a failure, so acknowledged by the Secretary of
War, by the Provost Marshal General, and it is
admitted here that thus far it lias been a failure.
Out of the three hundred thousand men called
but fifty thousand were raised, and nine tenths
and perhaps more were substitutes. Itwasagood
revenue measure, it is true, because ten to twelve
millions of money was raised, which was to have
been expended for the procuration of substitutes,
but which I believe has never been so expended
according to the spirit and intention of the act.
Some portion of it has been applied, we are told,
b for the purpose of procuring negro soldiers from
the insurgent States. I say, sir, the people are
opposed to the conscription bill, and that Appo-
sition is confined to no party, no classes; all alike
are opposed to it. It is not the plan for raising
men to fill up your mutilated Army.
I say, sir, that the people of this country ratify
and confirm the decision of this court to which I
have alluded. That public expression is now de-
nied because the freedom of elections does not
exist; and the people are powerless before your
#Army, who fire pom pel led to do the bidding of their
masters. If this war were honestly waged to re-
store the Governmentin all its powerand its unity,
there would exist no necessity for a draft of its
citizens. Enlistments would be ample for this or
any other war. You cannot fill your Army with 1
conscripts. Your purpose in this bill is to impress j
into the seivice under the name of "the national j
forces" every civil officer of the States except its I
executive, and every citizen between twenty and !
forty-five years of age. You go further and im-
press every civil officer of the General Govern- '
ment, with the few exceptions named in thethir- i
tecnth section. The judiciary of the States, all 1
the officersof the public Departments,all the mu-
nicipal officers are to be conscripted, and enter the
service as common soldiers. Stripped of all the ]
machinery necessary to make a State organiza-
tion, you leave it utterly 'defenseless. The Fed- !
eial Government in this sweeping stretch of its '
power overshadows and breaks down State lights,
State sovereignty, and assumes all power reserved
to the States and the people. !
Speaking of this in the case which I have re- '
ferred to, Chief Justice Lowrie says: j
"Tt seems to me tilis is an unniittioriznl substitute for I1
the militia nt tlie State-,. If v.ilirt, it completely nnriuK <i
tin tlie time Iteinir, 1 he lumeclyrbi insurrection provider! bv 'l
the Constitution, ami suliiUtuKvancw and unpiovided o ■ i!
or lather it takes 1 hat very State force, snips ,t of its nib! .
cert, despoils it of lb- organization, and leeonstructs lt-ele- i I
ments under a difleient authoiity,though under somewhat
similar founs. If the-act is law, it i^fc-uptemc law, and
tlie Statesman ha\e no militia out ol tlie class usually called
to Ut tii out) ; for the v, !.c p c i 11 ,'ppiopmted as a na
tionnl force under tlu-< Ian. arid no State can make anv law
that is inconsistent with it. The State militia is wiped
out if this act is valid, except so far as it may be permitted
by the Federal Government. If Congress may thus, under
its power to raise aunies, constitute "all the State militia-
men into 1 national foietV'as part of the regular Army, and
make them 'liable to perforin duty in the service ot the
United States when called out by the Pie-ident,' I cannot
see that it may not require fiom them all a constant mili-
taiy training under Federal officers a* a piepaiation tortile
gicatei-t efliciency when they fhali be s?o called out, and
then till the State militia and civil officers maybe put into
the lanks and subjected to the command of such ofhceis
as the I'lCMilent may oppomt,and ever)' one would then
pee that the constitutional Slate mihtia becomes si meie
name. The Constitution makes it and the men in it a na-
tional force m a given contingency, and m a prescribed
(mm: but this act mnkfo them so itrc^pcetive of the con-
stitutional toim and contingency. Tins is the {substantial
fact, and I am not able to refine it away." * * *
'' ft' Congies:, nia\ institute the plan now uuder consid-
eration, us a necessary and pioper mode of exorcising its
powei {to rai^e and .-.uppoit anniex" then itMiems to me to
follow with moie foice that it may take a -nmlat mode in
the excici^o of oth( i powei-.. and may compel people to
lend it theii moii"V ; taketheii hou-esfoi office-, and courf«;
then ships and steamboats toi the Navy; their land for its
foitresscs ; then mechanics and woil^hops for the dilfei-
ent bi anchor of buMne^fc that are needed foi At my supplies;
their phyticlanfi, rmuMeis, and women for Aimv sutgoons,
chaplains, nurses, and cooks; their hoises and wagons ior
then cavahy and for Atiny trains, and then piovisions and
ciops foi the support nt tlie Aimv. If wo give the Jatitudi-
naiian interpretation, at to mode, which this act requires,
I know not how to stop short of this. 1 am sure theie is no
present danger ofsuieh an extreme interpretation,and that
even paitis.au morality would foi hid it: but if the powetbe
admitted wc have no security against the relaxation of the
molality that guides it. I am (juite unable now to suppose
that so great a power con Id have been intended to be granted,
and yet to he left so loa-ely guarded.
" Jt may be thought that even voluntary enlistments in
the regular Auny have the samo>oit of inconsistency with
the militia system as foi cod irerniting has; but more care-
ful lefleetion will show that it is not so. Enlistment in the
Army takes away a pint ot the militia; but every militia
sj stem allows for this, and the geneial purpose ot* both is
the same—the constitution of a mihtaiy foice. And, be-
sides this, it is of the vet \ natmn of the system that it leaves
every man (ice in the puiMiit of his ordinaiy calling, and
binds no man to any pait of the militia, except by reason
ot his residence, which he may abandon or change as he
pleases.•'
You thus deprive the State of its means of de-
fense against an invasion, and leave its govern-
ment, its capital, its cities, and its people without
any means of pinteetion or defense, and ignoie
all its rights which are guarantied independent of
Federal power.
This question affects the rights of the States.
Thus usurpation assumes complete and absolute
control of the militia of the States. Judge Wood-
ward, 111 the ease to which I have alluded, says:
" ' To iaise annies5—fh"sc aie laiirenouis ; what do they
mean? Theie could he no limitation upon the number or
sue of the aimies to be laised. lot nil po*sihle contingen-
cies could not h" foiC' ecu ; but <>ui question has not infer-
ence to numbei 01 m/.c, but to the modi- of lai-mg armies.
The ftamcis of the Constitution, and the States which
adopted it, deuved llun ideas oi government principally
fiom the example of Cheat Hi itain—ccitainlynot fiom any
of the more impei ial and despotic Covernmvins of the earth.
What they meant tomakewa-: a more fiee constitution than
that ot Gieat Britain -taking that in a model in sonic thinjri
—but enlarging the b.tsH ot popular lights in all lespeets
that would he consistent with oidei and stability. They
knew thai the 15j itish auny had gcuemlly been leeruitcd by
\oluntaiy enh^tiwntN, stimulated by unci's and bounties,
and that (lie few instaners ol impressnientand forced con-
scnptioiis ol land foices had met with the disfavor of the
I'higli;>h nation, and had led io pieventivi; statutes. Fu 170-1,
and again, in 1707, couacnption bills weie attempted m i'ar-
liament, nut laid aside as unconstitutional. During the
Aineiicau Revolution.si statute. 19 Geoige fir, chapter 10,
j peunitted the lmpic^nient of * idle and disoidorJy pci^ons
j not following anv lawiul tuule, oi having some substance
| suflicientloi then nib-Mence/ and this was as far as Eng-
l h.-h legislation had gone when our Fedeial Constitution was
l planned. Assuredly the hani'-i* of our Constitution did
■ notmtend to subject tlie people of the States toa sjstcm of
j coiKsci iptiou \\ hich was aj>])hed in the moihei country'only
i to pauper^ ami vagabond-:. On tlie contrary, 1 infer that the
I powei eontenedon Conines--w ai the powei to rai^o aimies
[ by the ordinary English mode ot voluntary enlistments,
j "The people woe ju-tiv jealous of standing ainnc.
Hence they took away mo^t of the wai powei' tiom the
executive, where, uudei monaieliical founs.it generally
resides, and vested if m the legislative depaitmcnt. in one
bi an ch ot which the States have < <]ua! re pi CM'DtatJon, and
in ihe othei inane hot Yvhi''h the people of the States aie 1
directlj represented aceoiding to t!u ir numbei.-. To these ■
representatives of the ^t<ites and the people tins power of
otiginatimr wai was eoimnitted. but even m then hands jt
wa" lentrained by the hinitation of biennial appropuations i
fortlie suppoit of the aimte.> they might raise. Of eouise i
no army could be i;ii-ed oi «uppotf;(f which did not com- |
maud popular appiobatton, and it wa? imhtly eonsideied •
that voluntaiy enlistments would never be wanting to re- 1
crmt the ianks of sufjj an aimv. 'J'lie wai powei existing ;
only toi tlx' pioteetion of thu people, and lett, a-s !<m as it i
was possible to leave it, in their own hand-, was incapable ■
|| of being med without theii consent, and therefoie could
;! nevt i languish for enlistments. They would be ready
'! enough to tecruit the ranks of any aimv th«:y deemed ne~
J, cesnarv to thcii safct). Thus the"tiieoiy of the Constitu-
tion placed this great powei, like all other governmental
powers, diieetly upon the consent of the governed.
The tiieoiy itself was founded on tree and fan elections,
which are the fundamental postulate of the Constitution.
If the patronage and power of the Government shall ever
be employed to control popular elections, the nominal rep-
resentatives of the people may cease to be theit leal lep-
resentatives, and then the armies which may bo raised
may not so command public confidence a< toattiaetthe
ueeessaiy reciuits, and then conscript laws, and other
extia-constitutional expedients, may become ncee-saiy to
fill I heraide1. lUu governmental interference with popular
elections will bo a subversion of the Constitution, and no
constitutional argument can assume *ueh a possibility.
" Supposing, then, that the people aie always to be t airly
represented in the Halls of Congress, I iwjmtam that it is
grievous injustice to them to legislate on the assumption
that any war, honestly waged for constitutional objects,
will not always have such sympathy and support from the
people as will sccuie all necessary enlistments. Equally
unjust to their intelligence is it to suppose that they meant
to confei on their seivants the power to impress them into
a wai which they could notapptove.
<k When to these considerations we add the ability of a
great country like oms to stimulate and reward enlist-
ments, both at home and abtoad, by bounties, pensions, and
homesteads a* well as by political patronage in countless
tonris, we see how little nece.-sity or warrant theie is for
implying a giant of the impeiial power of consciiption.
" If tlje veiy improbable case be ^opposable, that enlist-
ments into the Federal armies might become so numerous
in a paitieutar State as sensibly to impair its own proper
mihtaiy power, is it not much moie improbable that the
States meant to confer upon the Geneial Government the
power to deprive then), at its own pleasure, altogether of
the militia by forced levies? Yet this might easily happenif
the powei of conscription be conceded to Congress. Theie
are no limitations expressed—nothing to compel Congress
to observe quotas and proportions as among the several
States—nothing to prevent their raising aimieswhollvfioni
one State, tnk ing every able-bodied citizen out of it to the en-
dangering, it not utter undoing of all its domestic inteiests."
I did not intend and do not now propose to dis-
cuss tlie question which is necessarily raised by
this bill relative to the rights of the States and the
citizens of States. This question was exhaustively
discusscd in the last Congress,and then unheeded.
It will be so now.
This act rests upon the provision of the Con-
stitution which declares that—
" Congress shall have power to provide foi calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of ihe Union, to suppress in-
surrection-', and icpel invasions."
And furthoi —
'•Congress shall have power to ptovide for organizing,
aiming, and disciplining the militia, and for governing such
pai t ot them as may be   mploj cd in the service of the United
States, lescrving to the States respective! v the appointment
of the officer* and the authoiity of training the militia ac-
coiding to the discipline prescribed by Congiess.7'
These provisions were never intended to take
from the States their power over their militia, but
in unother provision giving Congress the power to
raise tuitl support nimies.'they "had the power to
! '' organize, arm, and discipline," that nl! the mi-
ll lilia of Ihe respective States when called should
J bo regulated by ;i uniform system. -But to the
II States is reserved the right to officer all who are
[j mustered into the service of the United States,
jl Your bill not only takes the militia of the
j Stares but gives the President the power to ap-
|| point all the officers. You transfer to the Presi-
:| dent the absolute control over any citizen between
!| certain ages, and through the machinery of this
I] W 'I"' poweris transferred to the district provost
|j marshal, who exercises absolute control in his
|i military district. From his judgment there is no
appeal, no remedy is given; and where is the
^ remedy given by which the conscript can escape
I! though he be under or over the age of the persons
j1 here named? Though you are threescore and ten,
| apolitical foe, raised to the dignity of a member of
J the press-gang, can make you of proper age, under
■ foity-five, fir the pmpose of your being com-
pelled to pel fin m service. You give no appeal, and
from his decision there is no leview. Your in-
demnity bill protects every officer. With the writ
I of habcus corpus suspended and the civil courts,
! national and Stale, closed, you are at the"mercy
I of him who says you are of proper age.
I I say, sir, that your provost marshal holds in
his hands the liberty of us all. Tlie citizcn says,
; ^ under tho aire to which your bill is limited.
lie is told he is twenty ycais old. Where is the
j legal remedy if your wjfb is conscripted as a male
. citizen, if he says she is a male citizen? You
' perhaps, tin re is an appeal to the Provost
Maishal General, or the Secretary of "War, or
the Prfp'dent. There is no such appeal, as 1 have
been tnfoimed. The judgment cannot be re-
