3472;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1.
the joint resolution for the relief of Elizabeth
Woodward and George Chorpenning.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am very
willing to hear the gentleman's speech, reserving
the right to object to the joint resolution,
Mr. COFFROTH. I simply desire to say that
Mrs. Woodward is the widow of George Wood-
ward, who was killed by the Indians while he was
carrying the mails to California. I believe the
bill is justand ought to pass; and I ask the House
to pass it.
Mr. PRUYN. If anything more is to be done
about these private bills, I think it ought to be
done in the regular way. Let us go back into
committee, if that be the pleasure of the House,
and go through the bills regularly on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask unanimous consent to
discharge the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar from the further considera-
tion of House bill No. 464.
Mr. RADFORD. I object.
Mr. WASHEURNE, of Illinois. I think if
we have nothing else to do but to clear the Private
Calendar we might as well adjourn.
TIIE LATE EXPLOSION AT THE ARSENAL.
Mr. INGERSOLL asked unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution appropriating
$2,000, to be expended under the direction of the
commandantof the arsenal, for the bencfitof such,
of the sufferers from the recent explosion at said
arsenal as are living and the near relatives of those
not living.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was introduced and read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AJtBITItAKY AKRBSTS.
Mr. EDEN asked consent to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
furnish the House ui Representatives a report of the name*
ol'all citizens of the ritate of Illinois, not being in the mili-
tary or naval smviee ot the United Sinter, now confined in
any prison without the limits of said State, under any
military order, as well a.s the date of their arrest and the
charges upon which they were committed ; ako, a hit of
such prisoners whose names have been tuimshed to the
judges of the cnints, in compliance with the act of Con-
gress, approved Mai eh .1,1863, entitled 'k An act ielating to
habeas corpus and legulaung proceedings in certain cases.''
Mr. ORTH objected,
ENROLLED BILL AND RESOLUTION.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bilis, reported that the com-
mittee had examined and found tiuly enrolled a
bill and'joint involution of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the earner
An act (II. R. No. X)07) making appropriations
for the construction, presetvution, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1865, and
for other purposes; and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 90) to refer the
claim of Nahum YVard back to the Court of
Claims.
PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGK.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand from the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] that the House ought to remain m ses-
sion some time yet to-night for the purpose of
receiving reports of committees of conference
■which are expected from the Senate; and as it
may be difficult to get a quorum together again
if the House takes u recess, I will move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House rusolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the fJnion for the purpose of considering
the President's annual message, with the under-
standing that debate may be interrupted at any
moment for the purpose of receiving thereportof
the committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to—ayes seventy, noes
not counted.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Steyens in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
President's annual message, on which Mr. Stiles
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. STILES. Mr. Chairman, if I were to
consult my own feelings I should not now trespass
upon the time and patience of this House. If
these were ordinary times I should return to my
constituents with the record of my votes and
quietly wait their judgment. The early day for
final adjournment admonishes me that I should
take as little of the remaining time as possible.
The fact that our labors are rapidly coming to a
close is suggestive of many reflections. The clos-
ing scenes incident to a protracted session of this
body will very soon be announced to the country.
That it will be welcome news, all will admit. We
leave these spacious halls amid the din of battle
and the clash of arms. We are about to meet
before anotherforum; before the people who con-
fidingly and hopefully committed to our hands
the destiny of a great nation and people. They
will rightfully demand to know of us what we
have done, in the many long wearisome months
in which we have held counsel, to bring peace to
this distracted land. Are we all ready to render
an account that will satisfy the hopes and dispel
the fears of those who have with so much inter-
est watched our proceedings? Are you of the
dominant party, who have wielded power with
so much intolerance, ready to meet the question?
What have you done to restore confidence? What
have you done to end this war and restore this
Union? These questions so pertinent we de-
mand to be answered before a forum where there
are no stringent rules to govern legislators; where
there are no favored committees; whereuninter-
rupted debate shall be had, and where you shall
be compelled to answer.
Mr. Chairman, the high hopes of those who
believed it possible that the proceedings of this
body might be conducted under the auspices of a
conservative majority vanished as the mist upon
the assemblingof this Congress. The Adminis-
tration, with its immense power and patronage,
speedily gave proof that the wavering border man
and the doubtful conservator were the special ob-
jects of its favor and regard. The apparent close-
ness of the vote upon organization was at once
dispelled, and we witnessed the election of a
Speaker embodying all the heresies of abolition-
ism with the most apparent case. Upon assum-
ing his duties he announced to us and the coun-
try that the rebellion was in its death-struggle
and would soon die a deserved death. From the
seat you now occupy the Speaker will announce
the adjournment of this body. What words of
hope will he now give to his listening country-
men ? After waiting patiently for the truth of his
inaugural, wilt he silently make the announce-
ment duty enjoins upon him? Can he charge
that the struggle lias been prolonged because we
have opposed infractions of the Constitution which
we have all sworn to support and defend, and
the rights of an outraged and deceived people r
Let him do so if he will, and the record he has
made shall go out to confront him. He has had
the power to place in the hands of committees
from those who supported him all the questions
that have been the subject of exciting discussions
here, and upon all of them a majority has ever
been leady to sanction the most unwise policy of
the dominant paity. We have succeeded in no
efforts to investigate the corruption of the Ad-
ministration; we have had no power through a
single committee of bringing to the Sight thebiun-
dcrs and crimes of the rmni at the head of the Gov-
ernment. We have had charge of no committees
to investigate the subject of arbitrary arrests and
the flagrant violation of the rights of the citizen.
Yours lias been the iron rule. Jn the issue, there-
fore, to be presented we must maintain that for
all that has been and all that has not been done
you are lesponsible.
The deliberations of this body have been con-
ducted in the fouith year of a war that is fast
exhausting the energies, means, and men of the
country; a wurof your own making. You prom-
ised it should speedily end. You have had all
the branches of the Government and have made
no demand that has not been promptly met. Your
resources have been abundant and you have show-
ered your favors upon friends with lavish hands.
The cohesive power of plunder has made your
organization invulnerable. The great battles of
this war have been almost within hearing of this
Capitol. This beleaguered city has been the
receptacle of the dead, wounded, and dying sol-
dier. You have been reminded daily by your
visits to hospitals and embalming-rooms of the
countless victims in this slaughter. Amid it all
you have never paused a moment to count the
cost, the misery, the woe you have caused in your
efforts to subjugate a people that your policy may
prevail. All along your pathway have been
found the monuments of your folly.
Sir, this nation had but fairly entered upon her
great mission of spreading the principles of civil,
political, and religious liberty throughout all the
nations when it was suddenly arrested by the
elevation at its head of a party that had been its
enemy from the beginning. The liberality of our
laws, the heroic devotion of our people to the
principles of republican government, the varied
character of our soil combined to perfect upon
this continent a Government that ought never to
have died by the hands of men made by its own
power.
But before our system of government was per-
fected, before the maturity of its benign power,
we have been cast upon the ocean of discord and
are at the mercy of the waves of faction. Who
shall now stay the angry waters that threaten to
ingulf us, and restore once more to harmony the
restless masses thatare being carried by the surges
of fanaticism?
Mr. Chairman, before we meet again the ques-
tion of whether we are to have a restored Union
will be settled forever. The wisdom of the prov-
idence that shuts from our view the future no one
can be found to question. It may be that we
shall never look upon another scene like this. In
the events so rapidly passing around us, all of us
that remains as a people and nation will be shut
out from our view forever. But I am not willing
to yield it all without one more struggle for the
preservation of what yetremains of the Constitu-
tion and Union. I know the passions of the peo-
ple are inflamed, their prejudices stimulated to an
extent that alarms;* reason slumbers amid the
hours of madness, and the storm of sectionalism,
hate, and revenge ruges wildly. I know that con-
fidence is lost, and that the work of disintegration'
mars the beauty of all about us; that by your reck-
less action here you have left little hope; but I
have not yet despaiied.
Sir, the people, the masses North and South,
love this Union too well to ever desire to see only
its ghastly form. Born under its protecting in-
fluence, eaily taught to revere and love it,as the
child is instinctively taught to love its protecting
parent, they will never yield it up, and with it its
past glories and future hopes, without one great,
grand, superhuman effort to save it. Thatit can
be saved by the abolitionists, its enemies, who
have prayed for its destruction, and are now rev-
eling amid its partial ruins, no one, even though
his faith would remove mountains, can believe.
The destroyer will notsave. The enemies of the
Union will never restore liberty, because liberty
and union are inseparable.
Sir, these are perilous times. That something
is to be done and that speedily all agree. Is this
to bea perpetual war? Is this ninety-day strug-
gle to end only when ourcommerce is destroyed,
resources exhausted, and bankruptcy and ruin
come to the door of every man in this country?
Is this abolition party to be continued in power?
That we shall have war while we have a sectional
party in power, I believe. Sectional parties never
could have made the Union; it isfolly and worse
than folly to hope they can restore it now.
But I desire to call the attention of this House
to the germ of a new trouble that I fear threatens
to assail this already afflicted land. It is my pur-
pose to be brief, but also to be candid. If in the
exercise of the latter attribute I should incur the
displeasure of those in tins body who hold oppo-
site views, let it be remembered that 1 am a Rep-
resentative of the people, and as such shall use .
my privilege of free expressions of opinion in this
Hall. I am responsible to my constituents arid
not to this House or to its majority for what I
utter, and by virtue of my office I shall exorcise
the right to express whatever views I may enter-
tain, however unpalatable they may be to one or
more or all of my peers.
It is, 1 confess, humiliating that it member of
