1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4 ?5
viewed. Your habeas corpus is suspended every-
where, and if you do not comply with notices and
orders you are court-martialed, and must suffer
the pains and penalties provided for cases of de-
sertion. Says the bill, if the drafted person does
not comply with the orders issued by the provost
" he shall be deemed a deserter, and shall bo ar-
rested by the provost marshal, and sent to the
nearest military post for trial by court-martial;"
and the penalty, though you never were in the
service, may be that of death.
There can be no such thing as desertion before
the party is in the service. No one is subject to
the articles of war who is not mustered into ser-
vice. Inflicting the penalty of death upon one
because lie neglects or refuses to obey the oiders
of a marshal would be murder.
The dangers of an army in repose or in active
service as a standing army was debated long and
well when this Government was formed. It is
the bane of republican forms of government, and
the people wanted no standing armies. The re-
served powers were to prevent standing armies
and raising a military power. You strike down
those rights and anarchy will follow, and that
power most to be feared, an army extending its
dominion, will rear here at your very capital a
military despotism more to be feared and more
dangerous than that of Russia or France, with not
even the semblance of a Government republican
in form. Transfer all your rights under your
general and local laws to a provost marshal
holding rank in the Army, allow him to be the
arbiter, and there is no safety even now. 'You
will blot from the great charter the amendment
which declares that " no person shall be deprived
of his liberty or property without due process of
law." And by what tortuous language will you
say that a trial before a military court is " due
process of law?" Is the tenure of your liberties
to hang upon the judgment of such a tribunal?
Was that the meaning of those words which the
highest and humblest understand to mean judges
learned in the law and a jury of his peers?
Your draft has failed; it will fail again. The
President has issued a call for eight hundred thou-
sand men. Can you raise them under this bill?
The free citizens of this country are opposed to
this mude of lepletiug your Army.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 desire to inquire of my col-
league where he hears that a caii, of which he
speaks, for eight hundred thousand men has been
made ?
Mr. STILES. I should hope to get that in-
formation from my colleague. 1 have seen a call
for three hundred thousand men, and lately an-
other call for five hundred thousand; which makes
eight hundred thousand.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will take the
pains to read the President's proclamation he will
find that the five hundred thousand cull embiaces
the three hundred thousand of which he speaks.
Mr. STILES. Thatisnotin the proclamation .
There is no such statement. Does my colleague
speak from authority?
Mr. KELLEY. I would inquire whether my
colleague does not very well know that the entire
call is for only five hundred thousand men?
Mr. STILES. The first call of the Piesident
was for three hundred thousand, and now there
is another call for five hundred thousand. In the
order for five hundred thousand nothing is said
about the three hundred thousand.
Mr. KELLEY. Tho whole call is embraced
within eight lines of printed matter; and the five
hundred thousand exprfcssly embraces the three !i
hundred thousand as a part, of it. ;!
Mr. STILES. Is that embraced in the order? |
Mr. KELLEY. It is. |l
Mr. STILES. It is not mentioned. '!
Mr. KELLEY, The order is plain, I appre- 1
hend, and if my colleague will permit me 1 will ]
lead it. The President gave notice that he would '[
call for thieo hundred thousand men, but no such ;
call was made. The oidcr for five hundred thou- ;
sand men is now made, and it is in these words: ■[
.Executive Mansion, /
Washington, Monday, February I, 1861. ,j
Ordered, that a diaft for five bundled thou&and men to ii
setve for thiee veais or during the-wat be made on the i
10th day of Maich next, lor the militaiy service of the j
United States, cieditmgund deducting thercfiom >o many 1
as may have been enlisted oi dratted into the service puoi
to the 1st day of March and not heretofoie credited. 1.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Mr. STILES. I say that that order savs
nothing about the three hundred thousand men,
aiul the inference is that eight hundred thousand
artrcalled for.* I have so understood it. If the gen-
tleman speaks by authority I would like to know
whether five hundred thousand men are to be
drafted orei&ht hundred thousand?
Mr. KEELEY. Were one to rise from the dead
to explain to the man who does not understand
that, he^ would not speak by sufficient authority
to convince lum.
Mr. STILES. 1 would take tt from a dead
man as soon as I would fiom my colleague.
[Laughter.]
Sir, this question was alluded to yesterday by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Chanler]
with some apprehensions of alarm. The people
in some of the States have submitted willingly, it
may be; in others they have notso willingly sub-
mitted. The danger of this experiment, because
it is an experiment, may not now manifest itself,
but I fear that the time will come when a power
greater than you can control will boldly declare
that it is a violation of peisonal liberty which the
people of the country will never submit to. The
right of all redress by the civil authority denied
in the clearest case, subjecting us all to the iron
power of military courts, the people may take
into their own hands the question of their reserved
rights, and the question of their own individual
liberty. Amending your bill, giving tho right of
appeal before a civil court in case of illegal and
unwarrantable restraint, may domuch to change
the bitterness and harshness of this obnoxious
measure.
Mr. Chairman, the people are to be overshad-
owed by an army, an army of millions; a stand-
ing army it may be, because the President, undei
this bill, can make it as perpetual as his ambition
for power; thus vested with a power never con-
templated in the powers delegated to him. With
an army there can be no elections; they cannot
exist together; they never existed in any country,
and never will. The citizen, knowing his own
individual weakness, would give way before the
power of an armed soldiery, lie would surren-
der settled opinions and fixed principles before
the army that any Executive might raise and
maintain under this bill. An impending diaftand
the power of the Army carried the elections in my
State last fall. In the border States, itis said,the
bayonet is in some districts at least represented
here, and not the people.
Sir, the people are watchful, but impatient.
They air looking to this Congress, without hope,
I fear, for restoration, for quiet, and for the "be-
ginning of the end" of tlusgieat struggle. They
aie loukinglo you,the dominantparty here, you
who ask nothing from this side of the House, to
give them a lay ofhghtm this dark night. Thev
have had your promises for three years that this
conflict, teriible and devastating, would soon be
over. " What of the night" now? I charge you
not to deceive them longer. Your bills and your
speeclu s calling for all—the last man and the last
dollar—will be sad news now. {k Tax, fight,
emancipate," said the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Pikl] two years ago. Add to that confisca-
tion and conscription, and what will not be added
to the objects and aims of those in powci? Sui-
icrnlei up alt will only satisfy.
Sir, it matters little to tho people whether their
liberties are lost by arm< d rebels or by daring
usurpations of power. You must leave to them
the freedom of elections, at least. They have re-
solved to maintain ihatright to the last. The res-
olution of the New Ilampshne Democratic State
convention, recently held, will meetwith nppioval
cverywheie, and I insert it here as the determ-
ined Sc-uUiyieiU of my people:
Resolved. That the freedom nf \}v baUot maraud .-i';1!!
hi- maintained .-Men d and inviolable; mid that we, tho De-
rnoei.icv of Xc\v Jlanipfhire, will Uii.tr with out nicihitii
ni oiher Stae , !>} lorce of aim4-, i! need h< . tit
to every atlenipt. fiom "whatever .-ouk e n ni.iy come, to
overlain ">i abi.dgi', i \ nieiKiec. ot dneri interference In
imiitai> lorce, the independence andpuuty of the ballot- j
box in the eji-tnng ehctioes, State ami national; and to ]
tliendive plciitr'*. cach to the other, and to oui btefhson i
ofntbm State-, ourlive-, foHiine", and sicied honoi.being
fiimlv u^oivdto maintain at all ha/.aulsour rights as Lee
and patuotic cuizent oi the Ameucdn Union.''
Mr, Chairman,) have detained the Mouse longer
than 1 had intended. My puiposc was to say a
woid in o'piv t" i>iv ' o'ieamu v, ho might have
been Mippos- d to speak the sentiment of our State,
and I deemed it proper to make an immediate re-
ply. Having been drawn into some remarks upon
the immediate question before the House, I re-
peat that this bill is unpopular,and the people of
my State have not submitted to a draft without
murmuring. In my own county where there is
a large Republican vote, but one single man, I
believe, out of nearly thirteen hundred drafted,
went to the Army under the conscription bill. I
say again, conscription is unpopular,and the peo-
ple are opposed to that mode of raising men to re-
plenish the armies. They are opposed to it in
every portion of my State, and in every other por-
tion, I believe, of this country. Youmustresort
to some other mode by which to raise up men to
fill the Army, if filled it is to be. This will not
do it. That is utterly impossible. If it be that
after this bill is passed, the people shall refuse to
obey this law which you inflict upon them, you
will have been warned in time. I tell you the
people are opposed to it. They have submitted
to your taxation, unequal and unjust as it is,and
will, I suppose, submit; but this bill should be
repealed. The raising of volun teers for the armies
should be by paying bounties, and not by force.
My colleague says this rebellion will be put down
and the country restored. I hope it may be. I
have doubts whether it will be put down under
this Administration with its present policy. As
was said by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Fernando Wood,] this country could not sur-
vive with a war that should continue through an-
other Administration. My colleague says Mr.
Lincoln is to be reelected, and that he is to bear
the ship of State safely into port. The gentleman
from New York said he did not believe this coun-
try could enduic another four years of an Admin-
istration like this. I believe it, sir; and I believe
that during the next four yeais, under the policy
inaugurated in the beginning, if continued, we
shall not see the end of this war nor the restora-
tion of the Union.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Chairman, if this had
been a new question I should have felt greatly
embarrassed as to the policy or propriety of com-
muting military service for money. This is a
war measure, and not a revenue rneasuie. The
Government wants men and not money. The
latter has been furnished by the people with un-
stinted and ungrudging liberality; nay, with a
prodigality which has surprised ourselves, and at
which the world stands amazed. 1 do not know
how to value the stout heart or the strong arm of
the American freeman in the current money of the
merchant. I do not like the traflic in men and mus-
cle and sinew, whether it be white or black. Look-
ing to the experience of other republics, I should
gteutly deprecate the conversion of the soldier of
ours into a mercenary. Between men of Ameri-
can giowth and training and the richest of the
metals I know no common standard of compari-
son. With me they are quantities incommen-
surable. When the Republic demands the ser-
vices of her childten I know no answer they can
make except that of Isaac, that they are ready for
the sacrifice. It is the answer which their uncal-
culating instincts prompted when the echoes of
the guns in Charleston hat bor thrilled along their
neives,and half a million of them sprang to their
arms at the first summons of the President to
avenge the insult to our Hag; when the very yearn-
ings of maternity were hushed, and the American,
like the Spartan mother arrayed her youngest born
as though it had been for the bridal, put themusket
m Ins hands, and sent him out with the invoca-
tion of God's blessing upon his errand, and the
injunction to do his duty and come back upon his
shield, if such were the foi tunes of war, but not
without it. It is the answer which they would
sail make if their ardor were not chilled by the
fatal and inglorious inaction, the wearisome delays,
the inadequate results, and the want of earnest-
ness, which have distinguished so many of our
cotnmandeis; or, what is worse still, tf their love
of country was not overlaid and smothered by the
devilish suggestions of wicked counselors who
have squatted at their ears and distilled into them
the subtle venom of paity.
They have ceased, however, to make thatan-
swei. Enthusiasm was too weak to^Urvive rebuffs
and disappointments, while treason at home was
but too ready to make them the occasion for
denunciations against the Government and ques-
tions as to the lightfulness and the successful
