3474:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
exterminate the southern race, as if realizing the
impossibility of a friendly political compantr'n-
•„thip after conquest. That fearful alternative will
not he permitted, for an outraged humanity would
protest throughout the civilized woild,ancPif that
were ineffectual the swords of all Christendom
would be unsheathed in behalfofthedoomedrace.
Sir, I believe that ail men of ordinary intelli-
gence, to whatever political party they belong,
are convinced that thiscampaign,should the Fed-
eral rums again be baffled, must end the war.
Never again should that magnificent array of
military strength become disorganized by defeat.
Never again will the manhood of the North con-
sent to be led or driven to the shambles in a hope-
less cause. No cry of Union can allure the pa-
triot now, for it is too well known that the Union
can only be reconstructed by the agencies that
built it—the consent and friendliness of the par-
ties to the compact. It was a bond of love; it
cannot be restored by the instruments of hate.
A few, compelled by their necessities or allured
by their cupidity, may serve under the banner of
invasion. But neither bounty money nor con-
Rciiptions will ever again in this quarrel fill the
Federal ranks with the strength and valor of the
North if this campaign should fail. The Ad-
ministration know it so well that they are staking
all upon the hazard of the present operations in
the field. The lives of our soldiers have no lon-
ger any value to those in power except so far as
they assist their military purpose. By thousands
daily they are sacrificed in this last desperate at-
tempt to crush the southern armies. Our devoted
countrymen have been pushed into the jaws of
death with a savage recklessness that appalls the
Christian woild and that for centuries to come
will pollute our moral atmosphere with the sick-
ening taint of blood. Our people, whose kindred
every day are facing death m those doomed ranks,
look on the frightful saturnalia with the stolidity
of despair, for I cannot believe it to be the apathy
of indifference. I have read in the public prints,
not one only but many a gum pleasantry upon
the sang jYoid with which our best and Inavest
are Inn Jed into eternity. So nearly have we at-
tained that degieo of ferocity that marked the
Reign of Terror in France that some among us
find a theme for hideous witticisms in the most
humble" phases of this reign of murder.
Sir, the butcheries in Virginiu must end the
war. Such horiois cannot be repeated. I do not
•propose to discuss the light to enfoice a political
condition by force of arms; but I say that when
rulers in a wai of subjugation insist upon deci-
mating their own peoplo and deluging the land
with blood to the extent we have witnessed they
paws the line of legitimate warfare and enter the
domain of murder. If there were blood enough
m northern veins to be outpoured in another such
campaign there is not cruelty enough m the noith-
ern heart noi folly enough in the northern brain
to pennit the infernal sacrifice,
1 have forborne allumou to the many snares
for republicanism that have been set by foreign
echemeis who in out madness have found their
oppoilunity forencioachment. Thieu yearsngo
Napoleon was at the threshold of hit? MeX'cau
enterprise, and as far back as then in this Cham-
ber you were warned of tins new genu of mis
I lives, on the best method of preparing to wclcome
: peace. But then that inevitable objection of ob-
stinate and uncompromising natures intervenes,
upon what basis shall negotiation be opened?
Sir, it is this cleaving to extreme positions that
constitutes the radical difficulty in the way of an
adjustment. I am convinced that the antagonism
in sentiment between the sections is not irrecon-
cilable. It is not that the space to be traversed is
interminable, but that both sections respectively
stand at the extreme limits when mutual advance
would soon bring them together. In the interven-
ing ground we are creating boundaries of the
corpses of the slain, and as the shout of defiance,
the curses of mutual hate, the groans of the
wounded, and the lamentations of the bereaved,
assail the heavens, further and further the sec-
tions recede from each other; wider and wider
stretches the gulf, and closer shut the avenues of
reconciliation. The ties of brotherhood that were
firmly knit by our fathers upon the battle-plains
of the Revolution have been rent asunder upon
: the battle-plains of this unnatural struggle.
! Is there, then, no link between the North and
South, none other than that which we are seek-
ing to weld on the anvils of unnatural strife ? Sir,
there is. And I realize the beneficence of a for-
giving God in that He has revealed a hope and
opportunity of redemption even in those things
which thieatened most to our shame and disad-
vantage. I am not speaking the vague language
of surmise when I assert that the southern peo-
ple equally with ourselves, more than ourselves
perhaps, protest in (heir inmost hearts against the
encroachments of foreign power upon this con-
tinent. If we believe that they have turned apos-
tates to their republican faith, that they are will-
ing to betray the mission of freedom inaugurated
by our fatheisand their fathers, we have not con-
ceived the full measure of the mlluence that nearly
a century's existence in the atmosphere of self-
government has exercised upon a race of free-
men. There is yet that bond of fellowship
between the North and South, and we shall be
uaitors to the paramount principle that appeals
to us from the spiiitof a stricken republicanism
if we permit a blinded hate and jealousy and fa-
naticism to cancel that bond among the rest that
have been canceled. Out of that single thread
of sympathy may be woven a fabric of political
companionship that will confirm the safety of
republicanism on this continent.
It is not my purpose nor is it within my power
to define the basis upon which the confedeiale
authoiities will negotiate; but 1 have leason to
behev<  that they are willing and anxious to unite
with us m vindication of ihe Monroe doctrine,
and that they will meet us frankly and in the
spirit of reconciliation. I know that there are
gentlemen who will demand no less than an un-
conditional surrender and submission. They will
he disappointed. No, sir, although the war should
be protracted till the great umpire throw down
the waider at the day of judgment, never, never,
never will submission in the deed or the spirit be
wrung by your arms from the South, although
their armies should be prostrated. 1 am proud
to say that such humility is not a charactensiic
of the American freeman. Fight on if you will
until you make your country one vast burying-
chief. The warning was unheeded, and we now ii ground of all your visible strength, with only age
witness the humiliating attitude we hold toward ! and infancy and helplessness to mourn the deso-
foieigu Poweis. ,! Lit ion, but. in the end there must be compromise.
1 am awaie that this House has peculiar icason i
to be .seiihiiive upon that n.,oic, having so lately
been held up to iidioule at the Tuileries by this [
Administration, i am theiefore assured that this ;
House will redeem its dignity and assert its pre- j
rogauve to speak in the name of the peopleinro- j
gard to the foreign policy of the Republic. But .
I cannot be zealous in the cause oi a sister le- !
public v, hen my own country is bleeding, pei haps 1
penciling, I ran bea? awhile my portion of the
ahume oi" our fao.-uiatmn at the foot;itoulof a for- ;
eign pott mate m the hop.1 that we «h<ui iiseagam
eiecf and make amencK to oinselvce for that yer-
viiity. But another such year of civil xtnfe will '
suffice to put this question of foieisrn encroach-
ment beyond our at bit! arm nt. My hope is that
ihe inauguration of a new Administration, r-ettmg
at rest for a space at iea.st tin'question of partisan
aspiration and persona! tunbitian, wiii iea\e all
pautes in a fitter mood for calm reflection, uti- ■
disluibeH by ort'iudiee, nassion.or mo-
lt is the only hope of staying this pitiless sroutge !
beneath which ihe country groans and bleeds; j
! and it involves the fuuher ii"pe of concord and i
I foi-riveness in the future. Banded together as the
j companion soldiers of t epnblicanism, the veterans
J of'his war on either side will find a Lethe for their ;
| animosities in the joint laurels they shall cull upon
I the soil of betrayed Mexico. Every blow that j
; they ii-'VL dealt at one another will be atoned for !
by th^ blows that they she!! strike togethei at the
i common enemy. Tne mutual valoi displayed in !
, mutual destruction upon such fields a* Antietam, j
as Gettykbuig, as the Wilderness, aw a hundred ;
' otheis that are melancholy monuments of Ameri-
can heioism and lolly, will seek a more glorious
, a.vnri upon the same memoiable plains where
once before- t'le North and the South maiched >
I :;id". by mde to victory. And afterwards, whe i
1 the Austrian usurper and his French myrmidons
- shall have disgorged their p .-y, when tne crown j
shall be lossod into the sea and ihe scepn r shivered '
and the imperial invader shall have turned his
scourged back forever upon this continent, there
will remain, among other blessed results of the
struggle, a bond between the North and South of
the same nature as that which our fathers sealed
with their blood upon the battle-plains of the
Revolution.
Sir, let us give one word of invitation to the
southern people to strike with us for Mexico,
and they will tend the skies with their shouts of
acceptance. The soldiers of Grant and the sol-
diers of Lee will spring from their ranks and
grasp each other's hands in pledge of their sym-
pathy in that congenial cause. The false pride
of the sections, colliding interests, social differ-
ences, political antagonism, partisan and personal
antipathies, jealousies, and heart-burnings, will
all be checked if not canceled by the influence
of an absorbing popular sentiment and the whole-
some excitement of a struggle in behalf of true
republican principles. In rebuilding the Mexi-
can republic we shall upraise the shaken props
upon which our own political system depends,
and the bells of victory will at the same time ring
the knell of imperialism upon this continent and
celebrate the regeneration of the elements ofgood
will and fraternity between the sections.
Mr. LAW. Mr. Chairman, it is very seldom
that 1 trespass on the patience of the House in the
way of speech making. 1 have been, however,
not an inattentive listener to what has been said cm
both sides of this Chamber, and I must confess
that I have been somewhat startled with the doc-
trines which I have heard enunciated by the other
side of the House; doctrines which, if they had
been uttered at any other period of our history,
would have led to the belief that some political
madman, some Anacharsis Clootz, fresh from a
revolutionary tribunal, had by some means or
other obtained a seat on this fioor and was pro-
mulgating opinions dangerous in their character,
at war with all our social institutions, and which,
if can led out, must inevitably tend to anarchy or
despotism; opinions hostile, as I conceive, to the
best interests of the country, at war with the Con-
stitution, and in violation of all the rights of a fiee
people. But what is worse, sir, these opinions
thus dangerous in such a crisis as we are now pass-
ing through, are shaped in the form of laws and
resolutions which become the laws of the land, and
operate on the whole body of the people now
within the Union. Is this the time, let me ask any
patuotic man in the House, when we are engaged
in civil wai, when sve cue expending the very life-
blood of the nation, to be trying new experiments
in political economy and abandoning the prin-
ciples of our fathers; adopting new theories never
before heard of since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, and which, if carried out, must inevitably
shipwreck the Union, break down the barriers or
the Constitution, and unavoidably destroy the
glorious fabric reared by the patriots and states-
men who have preceded us.
Sir, as the representatives of the American peo-
ple, as the repiesentatives of the Union people ot
this countiy, have we fully consideied these
things? Have we weighed them as we ought?
Everything, so far as regards the consequences
of the nresentstateof affairsin this nation,whether
it be foi weal or woe, is dependant upon the ac-
tion of this Congress. Befoie the close of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, in March, 1865, the des*
tinies of the Republic will probably be settled.
What they may be is only known to that Being
who "rules the destinies of nations as well as
men."
We should be calm in our deliberations, wise
in our counsels. We should look only to the good
of the country. Are we prepared so to do ? From
whe't 1 have witnessed heie this session 1 fear
that " madness rules the houi.M The passions
and feelings,and I may add prejudices, Not th and
South, have b^en inflamed to such a decree that
it seems impossible to subdue them. Evil coun-
selors on both sides of Mason and Dixon's line
have lent their aid, either from inteiest or fanat-
icism, "ivvii! s'Ntors of evil," to increase those
prejudices between our people north and south
of the Potomac, and ihey have succeeded even be-
yond their expectations. Those who requhed
"a 1 iitie blood-letting" before they would listen
to any terms have had oceans of it, and now every
raid, every foray, every battle-field, let the result
.be ns if may, muat render us more antagonistic.
