2498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
dred,line twelve, to strike out " all" before " cat-
tle;" in line thirteen to strike out "all" before
"calves;" after " exceeding" in line thirteen to
insert "in all;" to strike out "altogether" in line
fourteen^ after "consumption" in line fourteen
to insert if in anyone year;" after "duty" in
line sixteen to strike out *• and all cattle slaugh-
tered for the hides and tallow shall pay ten cents
only per head;" so as to make the proviso read:
Providedi That cattle, nfrt exceeding five in number, and
calves, swine, sheep, and lambs, not exceeding in all twenty
in number, slaughtered by any person for his or her own
consumption,in any one year, shall he exempt from duty;
and all sheep slaughtered for the pelts shall pay two cents
only per head.
.The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four of sec-
• tion one hundred and one, to strike out the words
" whose business or occupation it is to slaughter
for sale," and to insert "who shall buy and
^ slaughter for sale, or who shall be the occupant of
"any building or premises in which such cattle,
sheep, or swine shall be slaughtered;" and to
strike out " general" before " provisions" in line
twenty-ftve.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and two, to strike out in line four the words
" upon which steam is used as a propelling power"
and to insert " propelled by steam or any other
power;" and after " power" in line six to strike
out" shall be subject to and pay a duty of two
and a half per cent, on the gross amount of all
the receipts of such railroad or railroads or steam
vessel for the transportation of the United States
mails, freight, express freight, and passengers
over and upon the same; and any person or per-
sons, firms, companies, or corporations, owning
or possessing, or having the care or management
of any railroad or railroads using any other power
than steam thereon, or owning, possessing, or
having the care and management," and to insert
"or of;" so as to make the clause read:
That any person, firm, company, or eoiporation, own-
ing or possessing, or having the eai'e or management ol any
railioad or railroads propelled by Hcaiu «>j otlin power, cm
of any steamboat or other vessel' pi Of jelled by sterun power,
or 01 any feiry-boat or vessel used a* a ferry-boar, propelled
by steam 01 borao power, shall be subject 10 and pay a duty
ol two and a half per cent, upon the gro^ reeeipw/ &e.
Mr. JOHNSON. la it intended to lay a tax
upon the city railroads?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was done before.
We have simply changed the phraseology. The
tax is laid upon horse railroads as well as upon
steam railroads.
iVIr. JOHNSON. What do you mean by "be-
fore5" The antecedent Jaw'
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; by this bill, before
the amendment. We have inserted " propelled
by steam or other power" in line four, and down
below in the thirteenth line we have struck out1'any
railroad or railroads using any other power than
steam thereon." We merely change the phrase-
ology, putting it in better shape than it was before,
as we thought.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tbenoxtamemlmont was,after " railroad," in
line eighteen of section one hunched and two, to
inweit "steamboat;" so as to read, "gross re-
ceipts of such railroad, steamboat, or ferry-
boat," <fcc.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is a line, perhaps
moie than one, 1 know there is one line of steam-
boats that runt* between Baltimore and Philadel-
phia,'and 1 think a separate one goes between
Baltimore and New York. They go not outside,
but through the Chesapeake and Delaware canal
and through the Delaware and Rantan canal; and
they pay tolls to each of the canals through which
they pass. This tax,as I understand it, is a tax
on the gross receipts of such steamboats. I be-
lieve by the bill you tax the canal companies on
their receipts. Then you tax the stearoboaiowners
on what they pay out, provided you make the tax
on their gross receipts. For example, a Steamer
running irom Baltimore to Philadelphia will re-
ceive, say $100 gross, but of that §100 gross it
has to pay liUy dollars to the canal company.
Now, I submit to the honorable chaitman of the
committee and to the Senate whether in such a
case it is not right to make a provision that they
shall be credited with the amount which they pay
in the way of tolls. They get fiorn a customer
whose goods they carry to Philadelphia, say §100;
they charge him §100; but of that $100 they pay
fifty dollars to the canal company.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Senator
that if there is a case which he thinks ought to
form an exception, it can be done by way of
amendment afterwards. We are now acting
simply upon the amendments of the committee.
He can look at the section and see if it is neces-
sary to amend it. The general principle adopted
is to tax gross receipts.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know; butlmade the sug-
gestion now because the committee recommend as
an amendment the insertion of the word "steam-
boat" in the section. It was not in the section
before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is in order to carry
out the previous amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Steamboats perhaps would
not have been in but for this amendment; but a
tax of two and a half per cent, on the gross re-
ceipts will be found perhaps to leavethem nothing.
What I thought might be done was to provide
that in settling the accounts they should be en-
titled to be credited with the amount paid for tolls.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will notice
in the fifth line of the original section without our
amendment, were the words " or of any steam-
boat o? other vessel propelled by steam power;"
we have meiely changed the phraseology to carry
out the idea.
Mr. JOHNSON. I can offer my proposition
afterwards.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-six of
section one hundred and two, to strike out " five"
and insert "three;" so as to make the clause
read:
And any person orpeisons, firms, companies, or corpora-
tions, owning, possessing, or having the care or manage-
ment of any toll road or bridge authorized by law to re-
ceive toll toi the transit of passenger*, beasts, carnages,
team:-, and freight, ol any desei iption, over Mteh toll road
oi bridge, .shall be subject to and p.iv a dutv ol thiee pei
cent, on the amount ol all then iceeipts of evei>
description.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why do you not tax canals ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difficulty is that
most of the important canals are owned by the
States, and we did not see how we could reach
them.
Mr. HARRIS. The Delaware and Hudson
canal is owned by a corporation.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Chesapeake and Dela-
ware is owned by a private company.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We should single out
some canals and not tax others. We would not
be allowed to tax the Erie canal of New York,
which is owned by that State.
Mr. JOHNSON. We might except those be-
longing to the States.
Mr.'FESSENDEN. Why should those be-
longing. to the States be exempt, and those be-
longing to piivate companies be taxed? I hope
my fnend fiom New York will lookat the matter
and draw a provision to reach the case if lie can.
Mr. OONNESS. I do not see any reason why
canals owned by States should not pay a tax too.
We tax railroads, and they add the tax to those
whose freight and merchandise they carry. It is
but that much discrimination in favor of the ca-
nals unless we tax them too. I think we had
better tax the canals.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will only say that 1
am very anxious to get at it if we cart in any
way; and if my friend from New York or my
friend from Maryland, who understands this mat-
ter, will frame a clause to meet the case, I shall
be very much obliged to him.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to section one
j hundied and two the following words:
Kutwlien the gtoss receipts of any such bridge or toll
road shall not exceed the amount necessarily expended to
keep Mich bildge oi iond m repair, no tax "-hall be imposed
! on^uch icceiptc: PioviJeJ, Tnat all such per>on>«, com-
panies, and corporations shah have the right to add the
duty or tax imposed heioby to then tates ol laie whenever
their liability theieto may commence, any InmtaUon.s winch
may e.vt^t by law or by agieoinent with any person or com-
pany which may have paid oi be liable to pay such fine to
the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the proviso. In the
first place, if the laws of the State do not regu-
late the matter of toll, then without any such
provision it is competent for the companies to
add the tax to their charges, and no law of Con-
gress is needed to enable them to do that. But I
submit that if the State has regulated the ques-
tion of toll Congress cannot interfere with it.
These companies are created by State law; they
are authorized to erect railroads, to construct turn-
pikes, and to build bridges. All the powers that
they possess as corporations are given to them
by State law, and that State law has fixed the
charges that they may make upon the people.
Now, is it within the power of Congress to in-
terfere so as to enable them to charge that which
the State law creating them has forbidden them
to charge? If Congress cannot do that it is un-
necessary to do.anything which this proviso at-
tempts. It seems to me it ought to be stricken
out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The answer to that is
very obvious. There are some cases where the
rate of fare is fixed by the laws creating the cor-
poration and they cannot charge any more. Now,
if we put so heavy a burden as this on them, it
seems very hard that they should not have the
power if they please to bring up their rates so as
to cover the tax. These companies, where the
charge is not fixed by law, can, if they choose,
add the tax. Those whose charges are fixed by
State law cannot. That would operate very un-
equally, and, as we think, very unjustly. Under
these circumstances we thought it best to insert
a provision allowing them to add the tax to their
charges.
The question which the Senator from Indiana
makes in regard to this amendment was also con-
sidered by the committee; but inasmuch as these
companies were very desirous that they should
have the power of trying the question, wo thong lit
it no more than right to make the provision and
allow them to do it. The Senator will see that
in fact it operates only upon very few companies,
because, as 1 before stated, where these limita-
tions do not exist they will add the tax to their
charges, if they please, according to their own
will. My own impression is, that inasmuch as
Congress creates the burden, Congress can, if it
pleases, say how that burden shall be assessed,
and give this power; butthat is aquestion which
might be made a question for the courts, if the
State chose to do it. Undoubtedly it would be a
question between the corporations and the States
creating them. When the States affixed these
limitations they affixed them probably without
reference to any action of Congress increasing
the burdens of the companies and taxing them
heavily for the benefit of the national Treasury.
Could they have foreseen that anything of this
sort would take place they undoubtedly would
either not have affixed the limitation or they would
have provided for it. It is an emergency unfore-
seen; and it is not probable that a State will ob-
ject m the slightest degree to it, or institute pro-
ceedings to forfeit the charter of any company
for simply making the addition, an addition in
the same proportion that companies not thus lim-
ited make. We came to the conclusion, and I
think we came to it unanimously in the commit-
tee, that it was not only wise but fair and just
that this provision should be inserted for the ben-
efitof companies laboring under those disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is a question of power.
The question being taken upon thp amendment
to the amendment, there were, on a division—
ayes 12, noes 17.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I voted to stiike out the
proviso under the impression that Congiess has
no authority to make any such provision 
' Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me I will state my viesv of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. There ore many gas com-
panies that were organized under special acts' or
general laws, where the amount they can charge
torgas is fixed by the State law. If we require the
gas companies to pay this tax, in the present con-
dition of the coal market and the depreciation of
money, it will break them up. Is there any dif-
ficulty in Congress saying who shall pay this tax?
