1522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Senate Chamber, and that is the reason why I
did it.
Now, sir, I have found outone thing this morn-
ing which is some relief to me, and I am glad to
find it out; and that js the-cause of offense which
has prevented the country, the Naval Committee,
the Senate, the Congress, and the cause of the
country from receiving the distinguished ser-
vices of the Senator from Iowa upon the Naval
Committee. It is that he did not have sufficient
influence upon the committee; that the chairman
was overbearing, usurped the whole, and did
everything his own way, and of course therefore
the Senator from Iowa did not have that consider-
ation to which he was entitled. Notwithstand-
ing the vituperation with which he has assailed me,
notwithstanding the covert attacks—no, hardly
covert, the open attacks upon my veracity, tiie
various flings he has made, and the exhibition of
good temper and amiability which he has given
this morning, I want to say that when the Sena-
tor was upon the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and met theie, so far was I ftom engrossing the
affairs of the committee, that the most important
changes that were made in the naval laws during
the last Congress, and they were very important,
were made by biiis introduced into the Senate and
which 1 never saw or heard a word of until after
they were introduced; and even in some cases,
where matters had been specially referred to a
joint committee of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, and I was at the head of the com-
mittee, 1 was not even there consulted, and when
I came to call the committee together I found that
they had agreed on their bills and reported them,
and I never saw some of them until they were in-
troduced into the Senate. I believe the Senator
from iowa did not exhibit anything more than
his usual modesty in the discussions of the naval
biiis; and I would stand or fall by the assertion
of every member who wan on the committee that
there was more consideration ptud to the views of
the Senator from Iowa than all the other mem-
bers put together.
One word, sir, in regaid to what I thought was
not very assuming. At the commencement of
this session, when the matter of oigantzmg the
committees was under discussion, 1 went to the
distinguished Senator from New York [Mr. Mor-
gan] and told him that I thought, considering the
size ot the State of New York, its commercial in-
terests, its relation to tin; Navy and to nil that was
to be protected by the Navy, it was due to his
State that he should have theplace of head of that
committee, and that if he would accept it f would
gladly withdraw and use what hale influence I
had to give htm the place. Hut the Senator from
Iowa looks upon that act as an act of atiocity
second only to the attempted corruption of the
Saviour of the world by the enemy of souls. It
seems to me that he must have had rather an ex-
aggciated idea of the consequents that was to be
attached to what ! proposed to do and the man-
ner in which I proposed to do it.
Mr. President, I regret this as much as any-
body; hut while that venom existed in the heait
of the Senator it was better that it should conn4
out, and come out as it has this morning, openly,
and belore the Senate and before the world. But,
 ir, the Senator was not content with all that, and
was not willing to let this thing £o with such an
exhibition as thi<j without winding up with a
tnreat. _ i can t< U the Senator that I value his
threat just exactly as much a* I do Ins speech;
and i! J thought it could influence m'e to utter a
word or to hold my tongue from the utterance of
ft single syllable, I should look upon myself as
the meanest wretch that ever ciawled into this
place, iNo, sir, his threat—I will not clmracteiize j
U nor designate it. I do not know that it is not j
becoming iho decorum of debate and the propue- i
ties of the place, and in entire accordance with 1
what he considers due to good taste and the do- i
corum and propriety of the body. He gives no- .
tice that with me he is done. "I am gTad of ir !
entirely glad of it. If there u a man on this broad i
footstool of God that has c.iu-se of offense against i
me, n is of his seeking. If there is a humaifhemg 1
that has ever sulfejcd wum  at my hand l<-t it '
have been ever so unintentional, that I have not '
been anxious and earnest and piompt to rediess '
I do not know it. Toe Senator may choose his '
own position and keep it; f shall pursue .nine. I ;
shall not descend or condescend to personalities, I
let them be heaped upon me as they may; and if
in the course o*f the session the Senator's moral or
mental health should be such as to require such
another ebullition as he has given this morning, I
shall content myself with letting it pass in silence.
One wprd more, sir, before I sit down. The
Senator and I disagree in regard to another report
that I made. The Senator thinks that there is
gieat conuption in the Navy Department. So do
1. We agree there. Where does he think it is?
He thinks it is among the mechanics, the black-
smiths, and the employes taken from the middle
classes. Mr. President, when the truth comes to
be known, when the facts come to be seen, it will
be found that you will have to go a little higher
than blacksmiths, carpenters, or mechanics to
reach the guilty parties*. 1 will go further, and
say that when you examine the contracts that have
been made, those that have been made in the regu-
lar course of business by the Navy Department in
the legitimate channels through the Navy agents,
and compare them with those that have been made
by the Department outside of the regular channels,
you will find that the cost of thela tier purchases has
been at least fifty per cent., I think, in advance of
those that have been made where the regular course
of the law has been followed. Cut, Mr. President,
I will not be premature in discussing that subject.
When it comes up 1 shall endeavor to stand by
the report of the committee.
ltOOK ISLAND AKSENAL.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up House
bill No. 206.
Mr. COWAN. I hope we shall be allowed to
present petitions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The morning hour is now
passed, and 1 dcsne, after the long delay which
has been interposed, to be permuted to take up
the naval appropiiation bill to-day. 1 must ob-
ject to the taking up of any other bill, but I am
willing to allow a few minutes for morning busi-
ness.
Mr. HOWARD. It will take but a short time
to dispose of the bill which I wish to take up.
Mr. FESSEN'DEN. What is the bill ?
Mr. HOWARD. It is the bill in relation to
the establishment of the aisenal at Rock Island.
Air. FESSEN DEN". Of course there will be
debate on that. There was the other day.
Mr. HOWARD. Theie will be but a very
•shoi t debate, I think.
Air. FESsENDEN. i must object to the mo-
tion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive petitions.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COWAN presented a memorial of the
membeis of the Legislature of the State of Penn-
sylvania, a memorial of the officers of the Phil-
ud lphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore Railroad
Company, and two memorials of citizens of Phil-
adelphia, remonstraiing against the extension of
the patents of Charles Goodyear for the manu-
facture of vulcanized India rubber; which were
icferred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
He also presented a memorial of the Board of
Trade of Philadelphia, praying for the construc-
tion of a suitable pier at Lewes, m the State of
Delaware; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
He also piesented a petition of citizens of Phil-
adelphia, praying for increased railroad faeilities
between the cities of New York and Philadelphia;
which was refemd to the Committee on Military
: Affairs and the Mihua.
! Mr. CHAN DLER presented the petition of the
| Adams Express Company, piaying for the issue
j of Treasury notes in theplace of Treasury notes
; lost i>y that company by the sinking of the
I steamer Bio Bio at New Orleans on the "22J day
of March, which was referred to the Com- ;
' mil tee on Finance. '
lie also presented three petitions of citizens of ;
Michigan, praying that a duty of not less than I
ten cents per pound be levied upon all wool of j
foiei^n pioduction impoited into the United!
States; which were referred to the Committee on j
j Finance.
j Air. SUMNER prcsen-ted two petitions of wo- j
• men of' Farmington, New York, praying for the
abolition of slavery throughouttheUnited States,
and the adoption of measures for so amending the
Constitution as forever to prohibitits existence in
any portion of our common country; which were
referred to the select committee on slavery and
freedmen.
He also presented a petition of women of On-
tario county, New York, praying for the eman-
cipation of all persons of African descent held to
involuntary service or labor in the United States;
which was referred to the select committee on
slavery and freedmen.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented the petition of Jon-
athan Ball, praying for an extension of his patent
for an improved mode of coating the interior side
of metallic water-pipes with hydraulic cement;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying for the crcation of a new-
district court of the United States to be held at
the port of New York; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying for the creation of a new-
district court of the United States to be held at
the port of New York; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. Eliza
Donnelly, the mother, and Miss Sarah Donnelly,
the sister of Colonel Dudley Donnelly, who was
killed at the battle of Cedar Mountain on the 9th
of August, 1865, praying for a pension; which
was icferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of Alfred
A. Belknap, a paymaster in the United States
Navy, praying to be relieved from all responsi-
bility for a certain sum of money belonging to
the United Stales which was stolen from him at
the city of New Yoik on the 11th of April, 1863;
which was icferred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. NESMITH presented the petition of Wil-
liam Napoleon Walton, praying that aid may be
given to him in the construction of a pneumatic,
aerograph from the waters of the Missouri nver
to San Francisco, California, or Portland, Ore-
gon; which was referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
Mr. WILSON. I present to the Senate the
first annual report of the National Academy of
Sciences, and move that five hundi*ed copies bo
printed.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. POSTER. I present the petition of Brain-
erds& Co. and others, residents of Portland, Con-
necticut, icpresenting that they are interested in
the business of quarrying and transporting Con-
necticut freestone to various sections of the Union;
that by the present reciprocity treaty,.which will
continue m force until September, 1865,and lon-
ger unless notice be given,crude stone and marble
is introduced into the United States from Canada
free of duty; and that under that tieaty also, by
a misapprehension of its terms, stone which is to
a certain extent worked is also introduced free
of duty m a condition for building purposes. The
petition prays that that treaty may be abrogated
and that steps may be taken to abolish the pres-
ent practice under it. 1 piesent also the petition
j ol E. M. Muhiand and others, of Middlesex
county, Connecticut, on the same subject. I move
their reference to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally tead
twice by their titles, and referred us indicated be-
low:
_A bill (No. 383) to incorporate " the home for
friendless women and children"—to the Commit-
tee on the District, of Columbia.
A bill (No. 388) for the relief of Jesse Wil-
liams—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A joint resolution (No. 60) refeiring the case
of James H. McCulloch to the Court of Claims—•
to the Committee on Claims.
A joint resolution (No. 61) referring the case
of Charles Wilkes to the Court of Claims—to the
Committee on Claims.
A joint resolution (No. 62) for the relief of A.
