1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3475
Why, sir, is there an intelligent memberof this
body who believes that if the seceded States would
this day offer to conie back, stuck their arms
around the Capitol, and retui n to their allegiance,
you, gentlemen, on the other side of the House
would agree to it, except on such terms as they
never would accept—the abolition of slavery
within their boiders, it territonal vassalage, and
the application of the Wilmot proviso to their
State constitutionsr Would you not say this?
In fact, do you not repeat it daily? Do not the
bills which have been introduced here say in so
many words, "Throw down your arms, sue for
peace, and we will only give it to you on our
own teims." What are they? A return to a
territorial condition, the abolition of slavery, and
the application of the Wilmot proviso to your
constitutions when readmitted to the Union.
These are your terms, these are the conditions;
and does any rational man in the country believe
they will accept them? War, war to the knife;
a war to be handed down from one generation to
another; such a war as the Waidenses and Albi-
genses cairied on for years in Germany; such a
war as Lu Vendee canted on against ail Fiance
combined; such a war as Poland has earned on
against Russia, and Hungary for years waged
against Austria. Such will be the contest be-
tween the Anglo-Saxon race on this continent,
between father and son, brother and brother,
friend and ft tend, between those who in a com-
mon cause marched together from Vera Cruz to
Mexico and planted the stars and stripes on the
halls of Montezuma.
As the President said in his inaugural address,
"we cannot fight always, and when we have
done fighting we must return to first principles,
and see if matters cannot be adjusted." The
President was right, " we must return to first
principles;'* the pnnciples laid down by our
fathers; the principles which established our unity
ao one people; the piinciples which are laid down
in our organic act, the Constitution, which en-
abled each State to settle its own domestic insti-
tutions without any let or hmderance from another
or from ail combined; principles which for sev-
enty yeuisand upwaids made us the most power-
ful and respected Government on the face of the
earth, increasing in wealth, population, and power
to an extent heretofore unknown in the annalsof
the world. How is it now ? There is none so
poor as to do us reverence.
Why, sir, I have no doubtNapoleon III laughed
in his sleeves when he received a copy of that
memorable manifesto, that44 brutwnfuhnen," in-
troduced by the gentleman from Maryland, and
which passed unanimously thiough the House,
(I believe there was not a dissenting vote,) and
in which we reaffirmed, boldly and fearlessly, the
Monroe doctrine as applicable to Mexico at the
very time Maximilian was on his voyage from
Euiope, guarded by a French fleet, and for the
purpose of atonce taking possession of his throne.
And how perfectly powerless we aie to stop him
if he pleases to do so. Napoleon understands it
as well as we do, and I fancy has not much fear
of an interference on our part, considering our
present condition. But, I ask again, how have
our present ills been brought upon us as a nation ?
How has our unity as one people been destroyed ?
JNot by the Democratic party. " Thou canst not
say we did it." From the commencement of our
difficulties we proposed to adjust them in n way
satisfactory to all parties except the ''abolition-
ists." Fromuscame the Crittenden propositions,
•which alladmit would have been satisfactory, and
made the basis of a settlement of all our difficul-
ties. Tile South would have accepted them be-
yond all question, but the Republicans voted
them down in the Senate, so says Douglas, who,
anxious as he was to arrange the matter, must
have been cognizantof all that took place, He is
a reliable and credible witness himself, but he has
been corroborated in the statement lie made again
and again by other Senators who were present in
the Senate on that memorable occasion.
I shall not attempt to repeat the terms of the
resolutions, they are known to us all, but I can-
not refer to them without sayinga few words as
a testimony of my sincere ngard and esteem tor
the memory of one whom i regaid as one of the
most amiable gentlemen, purest patriots, and dis-
tinguished statesmen of this generation, i have
known him longand known hrni well. We seived
together in the Thirty-Seventh Congress, and I
can safely say in the hearing of all who were
here then, that no man in Congress held a higher
position, or was more universally respected in
this House, on both sides of it, than was Hon.
John J. Crittenden. Devoted to his country, an
ardent lover of its free institutions, conservative
in all his views, he spoke to the House, which
contained a large majority diametrically opposed
to him, as if he was addressing the Senate in the
palmiest days of the Republic. Cool, calm, col-
lected m his manner, dignified in his deportment,
gentlemanly, never violating any rule of the House
in debate, his voice always heard, because ail
were attentive, he spoke with a fluency and power
which commanded attention. Even those who
dissented from him admitted the truth of his
premises and the foice of his arguments while
differing from his conclusions. In the midst of
a rebellion btought about in part by those who
heard him, he could not bring himself to believe
that the old Constitution, the work of our fathers,
was worn out, and that while the form remained
the spirit and life of it were gone. Those who
move with the tide are haidly conscious of the
rate at which itis flowing, and are dashed against
the rock befoie they are awaie of it. Such, I
fear, is the character of those who now hold the
destinies of the nation in their hands, and are
moving on with the impulse to sure and certain
destiuction. Sir, I know no living man on this
continent whose reputation I would accept in ex-
change for the dead statesman's—Mr. Critten-
den's—the colleague of Mr. Clay, the associate
of Daniel Webster, of Silas Wnght, of Lewis
Cc ss, of Thomas H. Benton, ofStephen A. Doug-
las, in the Senate of the United States. He was,
in that body of the most distinguished men ever
occupying the councils of the nation, among the
fiist. "A peer among princes, a prince among
peers." In all that galaxy of eminent men, of
patriots, statesmen, and scholars, but one sur-
vives, Hon. Lewis Cass, who, far beyond the
allotted period of life, is now the only connecting
link between the present and the past, and who,
it is hoped in the providence of God, may yctlive
to see that Union for which he struggled so lon 
intact, one and indivisible, under the same Gov-
ernment which was framed by our fathers, and
which for so long a period has preserved us as a
nation. Alas, that m looking back to those days
we are forced to admit that "Atlas lias gone to
the Hesperides, and there is nothing left to up-
hold the sky. Ulysses has gone on his weary
wanderings, and there is no one left who can bend
his bow."
Mr. Crittenden, like all his contemporaries I
have mentioned, with a single exception, has been
gathered to his fathers "The places which once
knew him will know him no more forever." His
resting-place on earth is among those he loved so
well. Entombed in the " daikand bloody ground "
made historical in the West, in the soil of his
own beloved Kentucky, he rests from his labors
in his country Ss cause " and sleeps the sleep that
knows no waking." Should thegreatand gallant
State who honoied him so highly while living
eiecta monument to his memory as she ought,
let this be his epitaph: " Here lest the remains
of one who if his counsels had been observed
the Union would have been maintained as it was
and the Constitution preserved as it is."
Sir, the most memorable legislative act of the
nineteenth century which will be chronicled by
the future historian of these deplorable times will [
be theSenutc resolutions of thedistinguishedgen- j
tleman to whom 1 have leferred, and the House j
resolutions introduced by him and voted on July i
22, 1861, the day after the battle of Bull Run, and ,
while our bravo and gallant soldiers, worn out, :
fatigued, and wounded, were making their weaiy (
and painful way to the capital as a pluccof refuge. ,
Who is there now here who was a member of i
the called session of lbfji but remembers the oc- j
casion? All was panic and dismay in the city, j
and many there were of intelligent and brave men j
who thought and believed the capital itself was in j
danger, and so it was. Had Beauregard, at the j
close of the battle, received a reinforcement of ten I
thousand fresh troops, the most expenened mili-
tary men heie believed he might have captured
the city. The Senate and House sat as the Ru- I
man Senators sat when the Gauls surrounded ;
then- city. The safety of Washington was the \
absorbing subject not only of conversation but
of debate. Mr. Ciittenden arose; the silence was
profound. In a clear, full, and sonorous tone of
voice he read his resolution, which could be heard
in the remotest part of the gallery. I had seen
the resolution in manueciipt before it was offered.
I knew what, it was. I had not adoubt it would
pass, as Mr. Crittenden informed me he had con-
sulted with the Republican members before sub-
mitting it, and that no objection had been made
by those with whom he consulted. On its pre-
sentation to the House, Burnett of Kentucky
moved a division of the resolution, which the
Speaker decided in his favor. The first part of
the proposition, " that the war had been forced
upon the count i y by the disunion tats of the south-
ern States," was carried by>a vote of 121 to 2, Bur-
nett of Kentucky and Rcid of Missouri, both of
whom have since been expelled from the House
for joining the rebels, voting in the negative. On
the second part of the proposition, " thatthewar
was not to be waged m any spirit of oppression
or for conquest or subjugation or purpose of
ovetlhrowiug or luterfenng with the rights or
established institutions of the southern States,
but to preserve the Union with all the dignity,
equality, and lights of the several States un-
impaired," the vote was—yeas 117, nays 2. It
will be seen that there are four votes less in the
yeas on the second proposition than on the first,
it arises from the fact that the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] true to
the instincts and principles for which he lias com-
bated for yeais, " in overthrowing the rights and
established institutions of the southern States"—
and in which he bids fair to be successful—did
not vote on the second division of the original
proposition; neither did Lovejoy of Illinois, Bing-
ham ofOhio,or Conway of Kansas, each of whom
entertained similar principles with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. Potter of Wisconsin and
Riddle of Ohio, both Republicans, voted " no."
Permit me here, Mr. Chairman, to say, I may
be wrong, I may be deceived, butl have thought
sometimes the Republican members of this House
have doubted the loyalty of Kentucky, and looked
upon the majority of the members from that State
as merely " locum teneds," holding their positions
here as a half-way house between " secessia" and
the " Union States." Sir, in my judgment, if
ever there was a loyal State that State is Ken-
tucky. At the commencement of hostilities be-
tween the North and the South, allied as she was
with the southern States, both in her proximity to
them and as a'slave State, it was very natural to
suppose, that like her neighbors in Virginia and
Tennessee, to the former of whom she was in-
debted for her paternity, she would have gone
with them; nothing was more natural, and but
for the loyalty of her prominent men, men of the
highest influence and standing, the probability is
she would have gone. Had she done so, Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois would have been the battle-
ground of 4his fratricidal contest. Whatdidshe
do? She declaied herself a neutral in the contest.
Under the circumstances that surrounded her she
could do nothingelse. She must have taken sides
one way or the other, and the chances were that
she would have joined the southern States, with
which in unity of feeling and unity of interest
she was much more allied than with the northern.
Her leading men came forward, and as the best
means of saving the State to the Union urged neu-
trality. Tempoianly it was the best and most
prudent step she could have taken. Guthrie,
Prentice, Dixon, and hundreds of others of her
best and loyal' men urged the measure, and it was
adopted. h gave time for thoughtand reflection,
and Kentucky was saved for the Union.
Sir, others may judge of her action and conduct
as they please, but as a citizen of Indiana, a bor-
dei State, u li< e State, a loyal State, of which I
have been a citizen for nearly a half century,
knowing as 1 do the difficulties under which she
laboied, the pci lis which surrounded hei, I believe
she acted wisely,and she acted loyally. Itis very
easy forgentlemen from the northern States, from
New England, "who live at home in ease," who
are making fortunes out of the rebel/ion while
they have never seen a rebel themselves, to descant
upon the duties of a State a thousand miles off,
suriounded by seceded States, with numbeis of
their own citizens sympathizing with them, with
foes without and foes vvjUiju, and subject at any
