1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1523
8. Clark, postmaster at Harrison, Ohio—to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
HEPOKTS FROM COMMITTEES,
Mr. WI LSON, ft-oivi the Committee on Mili-
tary AITlirsand the Militia, to whom was referred
a bill (JI. XI. No. 251) to organize a r-giment of
veteran volunteer engineers, reported it without
amoidment.
Mr. WADE. The committee on the conduct
of the war, who weie instructed to inqune into
the causes of and circumstances attending the
recent military expedition into Florida, have in-
structed me to make a report and to ask that the
report and accompanying evidence be printed.
As it will be for the use of the House of Repre-
sentatives and for the Senate also, I move that
live thousand extra copies be printed.
The usual number was ordered to be printed,
and the motion to printextra copies was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a commu-
nication from the Secretary of the inteiior, trans-
mitting a copy of a communication from tile Sec-
retary of War, and a copy of a leport from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, upon the sub-
ject ofproviding means of subsistence for the Nav-
ajo Indians of New Mexico, upon a leservation
at the Bosque Redondo, on the Pecos river, and
recommending an appropriation to effect the ob-
jects contemplated, reported a bill (S. No. 226)
to aid in the settlement, subsistence, and support
of the Navajo Indian ce\ptiv<s upon areseiva-
tion in the Territory of New Mexico; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
LICEN3E3 TO INDIAN TRADERS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
eti acted to mqtmr into the expediency of abolishing the
ptesent vSj-U'iu of licensing Indian traders, to repoit by
lull or oiliei wise.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message fiom the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States hail ap-
proved and signed, on the 8th instant, the follow-
ing acts:
An act (S. No. 79) to incorporate the Provi-
dence hospital of the city of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 80) to provide for the better
organization of Indian affairs in California;
An act (S. No. 82) concerning notaries public
for the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 155) to incorporate the Union
Gas-Light Company of the District of Columbia;
and
An act (S. No. 163) to authorize the Columbia
Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind
to confer degrees.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 151) making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1865.
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out the clause in lines eleven
and twelve: " For the construction and repair of
vessels of the Navy, $26,300,000," and in lieu of
those woids to insert the following:
For rep'au- and maintenance of vessels of the Navy, la-
Imh, materials, and stores .$11,500,01)0.
For tiie completion of sixteen fait steam seievv steam-
ship-* ot-war. $7,200,000.
For the puieha-e, construction, and repair* of vessel?,
inai'MiaK and labor, ior the western water*, $4,000,000.
Fur the purchase and dialer of vessels lor naval and
1)11>t kadmg pntpo^cs, $3,000,000.
For extia hbm, expense of repairs, &c., on foreign
station^, §300,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Senate
that these items arc simply a specification of the
various amounts included in the gross sum ap-
propriated by tho House of Representatives. It
is making the anpropiiatiun specific.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the words
" tho completion of before the word " armored,"
in line twenty-five; so as to make (he clause read:
For tho completion of armored-plated vc«oh.^ GOO.000.
The amendment was? agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventy-two,
aftei the word " houses," to insert*" in the navy-
yards," so as to make the appropriation for that
item " for furniture for Government offices and
houses m the navy-yards."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to reduce theappro-
priation for contingent expenses of the Bureau of
Equipment and Recruiting, from $1,500,000 to
$1,250,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and forty-nine, after the word "quarters" to
insert " in the barracks," so as to make that
item " furniture for officers" (of marines) "quar-
ters in the barracks."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and seventy-one, to strike out the word "moving"
before the word " piers," and insert the word
"mooring."
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. FESSENDEN. There is another little
Amendment needed in that item to make the mean-,
ing clear, it now reads " barracks and guard-
house, Seavey's Island." The comma after
"house" should be stricken out and the word
"on " inserted, so as to icad "bai tacks and guard-
house on Senvey's Island."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thatavnend-
ment will be made.
The next amendment was to reduce the appro-
pi mtion for the different objects at the. New York
navy-yard from $719,315 to $669,315, and to
stuke out the words "and for commencing wet
basin on cob dock."
Mr. FESSENDEN. An appropriation of
$50,000 was lecommended foi commencing a cob
dot k, which it will ptobably take a considerable
nu mber of years to complete.
The committee thought it was not advisable to
comm mcea work of that description at the pres-
ent time, and have therefore reported this amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
the objects of appropriation for the Washington
mvv-yard "marine railway in west ship-house,"
ami io reduce the impropriation from $&29,465 to
$14!M65.
The amendment wa% agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the appro-
priations for hospitals the following:
Mare Island, California:
For completion of hospital, $75,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. t will state to the Senate
that $25,000 has been heretofore appropriated
for the commencement of a hospital at Marc
Island, and a communication was received by the
committee from the head of tho Bureau of Med-
icine and Surgery recommending that $75,000
more be apnropiiated in order to complete the
hospital. His idea is to put up a brick building,
one that will not cost a great deal of money, or be
very expensive, but winch will, in his judgment,
answ( r the purposes of the service. There is no
hospital there now. They have heretofore had
possession of a vessel, but they have been turned
out of that, and it would seem as if there should
be some naval hospital on that coast. The com-
mittee thought it advisable to make this appro-
priation in accordance with his lecommendation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in lines two hundicd and ninety-tinee and two
hundred and ninety-four, to strike out the words,
" this appropriation is made upon the basis of
no incnase of salary," and to insert in lieu
thereof, "and the salary of the constructing en-
gineer at Marc Island, California, shall be $3,200
after the close of the present fiscal year;" so that
the clauKO will read:
For pav of buperaiicndcnt^. naval eonttructoi s, and all
the civiloi the scveial navy-jauN and *-ta-
tion^, And the -ahryof the con^luieitng engi-
neer at M«uc I l?ui(l. < "alitoi i.m, shall be :>J,200 utter the
rio^e of the present fiv.nl \ear.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it would be well
to amend that amendment by inserting the word
"annual" bofure "salary." 1 make that motion.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to<
Mr HALE. I hope that amendment will not
be pressed. I think the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance can accomplish everything he
desires by striking out of the clause proposed to
be.inserted the word "and," and inserting the
woid "provided." It will then read;
This appiop'nauon is made upon the basis of no Increase
of salaiy: Provided, The annual salary of ttie constructing
engineer at Mare Ularid, California, shall he #3,200 after the
close of the present li&cal year.
That will leave the section just as he desires to
leave it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no need of the
word " provided" there at all. The word "and"at
the beginning of the sentence is perfectly proper;
" and the salary of the constructing engineer,"
&c.
Mr. HALE. I hope the chairman of the com-
mittee will consent to have that portion of the
amendment rejected proposing to strike out that
proviso, and that he will let the words " this ap-
propriation is made upon the basis of no increase
of salary " stand as they are.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The objection to that
was a matter of taste. We thought it sounded
rather like a stupip speech. We appropriate a
sum of money to cover a certain class of estimates,
according to the estimates. We do not specify
anything, and we do not provide specifically by
those words that no salary shall be increased; but
here it is proposed to say that the appropriation
is made upon that basis. It is rather an expla-
nation which we thought as a matter of good taste
should be out of the bill rather than in it. The
wouls have no legal signification whatever. If
the Senate attach any paiticular importance to
them of course I do nofcare anything about it.
Mr. HALE. I can state to the Senate and to
the chairman of the Finance Committee what I
am told is the fact. There are some employ#1* in
the navy-yards who are appointed within the dis-
cretion of the Department or of the head of a bu-
reau whose compensation is not regulated by law.
It is proposed as I understand to raise the salaries
of some of those employes and possibly to leave
out some of them. The committee of the House
of Representatives thought it was better to leave
the salaries as they are. 1 am not very particu-
lar as to the form of the proposition. It was put
in by the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. The words proposed to be
stiicken out will notaccomplish the object, if that
is the object, because they may pay just what
they please out of their whole appropriation; but
it s'-ems to be a little singular that we should put
such a provision m this bill. I understand the
Senator to say that the compensation which is
now being paid may be increased, and the object
ot putting this clause in was to exclude the idea
that these appropriations were intended to be used
for that purpose. 1 do not see what there is in
the words proposed to be stricken out which
would prevent the superintendent from paying
that money among his several employes just
as he thought proper. You do not fix by the bill
what the supei intendent is to get, what the con-
tractor is to get, orwhat other peisonsemployed
under them are to reccivc. It appears to me that
the clause amounts to nothing, and 1 agree with
the Senator from Maine that it is rather in bad
taste, certainly it is novel, to insert a provision
like this hi the bill. It is really saying to the
people of the United States that we do not mean
to spend more money for the purpose of salancs
than has heretofore been spent; but yet we give
as much money as is needed. The amount is the
thing in which the country has an interest, and
not the manner in which that amount isdistiihu-
ted as between the diffment employes.
ThePRESlDENTpro tempore. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the committee
as it has been amended on motion of the Senator
fi urn Maine by inseiimg the word "annual" be-
foie "salary."
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Tne next amendment of the committee was
after line two hundred and ninety-seven to strike
out the following words:
For pay of cloik? in the ordnance department at thft sev-
eral nuv\ -yauls m heu ot the present put diem pay, namely:
Fot s-alaiv of one clerk at Portsmouth, New Hampshire,
navv-jaril. A 1.000.
For salary of one clerk at $1/200, and one at $3,000 per
annum, at JBos-ton navs'-vaid, $2,200.
For salary ot one clerk ot the Philadelphia navy-yard,
$l,0tXJ.
