1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
We are levying taxes on the citizens through the
corporations. We make these corporations mere-
ly agents of ours to collect the tax from individ-
uals. It is not a tax assessed upon the gas com-
pany so much as upon the consumption of gas;
it is a tax assessed on the consumer, and we al-
■ 16w the gas company to collect from the consumer
'of the gas the tax that we choose to impose.
I think there'is no legal or constitutional diffi-
' culty in the way. We simply make these cor-
porations created by the States agents of the Gen-
eral Government to collect from their customers
the tax that we put upon the article. We may
say who shall pay this tax, whether it shall be
paid directly by the corporation or paid directly
by the consumer. We can if we choose change
- the terms of this law and say that each consumer
of gas shall pay so much per thousand feet; or
we may say that the gas company shall pay it
and may collect it from the customer, and in that
* way it is a direct tax upon the consumer, although
the money is paid into the national Treasury by
the corporation. I take the case of gas merely
as an illustration.
There are many cases where our tax laws from
the peculiar circumstances of the time are very
oppressive on corporations. The railroad laws
of the States in some cases fix the price to be
charged for the transportation of passengers and
freight. In some cases, owing to the increase of
business, the railroad .companies make a great
deal of money, but in other cases the tax oper-
ates very severely on them, because they have to
. pay higher prices for all they use and consume
while their receipts are not proportionately in-
creased. If we put all this tax oil the corpora-
tions anil do not allow them to collect it back
again from their consumers or the persons who
employ them, it will be very oppressive on them.
Therefore, as in this ease the State law fixes the
limit of price and we impose a burden upon the
corporation, or rather upon the consumer of the
article, upon the person who rides in the railroad
car or the consumer of gas, we make the corpo-
ration the medium to collect it. We have a right
to say who shall eventually pay the tax. I see
no difficulty in it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President-—
Mr. I^ESSENDEN. 1 should like to ask the
Senator from Illinois a question before he pio-
ceeds. Could anybody object to this in its oper-
ation except the State that chartered the corpo-
ration ?
Mr. TRUMBULL
Mr. FESSENDEN.
could he try it ?
Mr. TRUMBULL.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
so much from you for earryin
railroad."
Mr. JOHNSON. He replies, "Under what
authority' Your charter docs notgive it." Then
they say, " We do it under the act of Congress."
That brings up the question directly, have you
any power by act of Congress to authorize it?
If you have the power to pass this act of Con-
gress the question could not arise even as between
the State and the corporation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The individual might
bring an action against the company for refusing
to carry him over the road.
Mr. JOHNSON. He might refuse to pay.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then they would not
carry him. .
Mr. JOHNSON. But that brings up the ques-
tion of power.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The argument of the Sen-
ator from Ohio seems to me to be rather ingenious
than sound. He thinks it rightthat we slialltax
these companies or corporations, or that we shall
derive a tax from this kind of business, and then
says that it will be very unjust if a corporation
is made to pay the tax and is not allowed to im-
pose an additional charge upon the persons for
whom it does business or renders service. I hat
may be so; and in the end he says this is to be
paid at any rate by the consumers, and therefore
you have a right to collect it directly from the
company or corporation.
1 think these positions are not sound. In the
first place, you have no authority and no power
to make these corporations your agent:' to do this
business. You may pass a law authorizing btate
The individual could.
How? In what way
He may refuse to pay.
They say " We demand
you over our
officers to perform certain duties under- acts of
Congress; but it has been decided that you can-
notcompcl them todo (hem. It is optional with
them whether they will do so or not. In order
•to enforce your own laws you must have your
own instruments. Therefore you cannot, as the
Senator from Ohio supposes, make these com-
panies and corporations your agents to collect this
tax from the consumers. You haVeno powerto
do that. They are not your'officers. Although
they may voluntarily assume to perform the duty
for you, you cannot impose it upon them.
Again, I know of no authoiity that you have
to change this contract. This proviso declares
that notwithstanding any contract or agreement
which has been entered into to perform a partic-
ular service for a given sum, you will authorize
one of the parties to that agreement to charge an
additional sum. I agree, to take the case put by
the Senator from Ohio, that you may levy a tax
upon the consumers of the gas; you may get at it in
that way; but it does strike me—my attention has
only been called to it now—that such a provision
as is contained in this amendment is manifestly
unconstitutional. The manner in which you do
it is a violation of the contract of the parties, and
you cannotchange the charters granted by States,
if a State has authorized a company to carry on
a particular business and to charge a certain price
the Congress of the United States has no power
to authorize that company to charge a higher
price. You cannot vary the charter of a State
Legislature. It is the mode you have provided
in this amendment to get at it which I insist is
unconstitutional. While I agree to all the Sena-
tor from Ohio says about the injustice of the ease,
I think we must assess this tax in some different
way than imposing it on the corpoialion, and in
some different way from saying that those rates
which have been agreed upon by the parties shall
be changed by this" law and that any agreement
to the contrary shall not be binding. It strikes
me that Congress has no such power, and I shall
therefore vote to strike out this proviso.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One company which ap-
plied to us and argued the question with very
great force was the gas company of the city of
Chicago. It represented that if we imposed the
tax on gas companies upon that company, lim-
ited and controlled as it was by its charter from
the Legislature of the State of Illinois, it must
inevitably leave the city of Chicago indaikness.
The same remark applied to the gas company of
the city of Philadelphia. They were limited in
their rates; they could charge but a certain sum;
and with the amount they have to pay for coal
and their greatly increased expenditures, if they
are not at liberty to raise their rates when we put
this very heavy tax-on them, the result will be
that they cannot get along. We were satisfied
that that was so, and we were satisfied that it was
so in regard to some railroads, which are hunted
in the same way.
It is a very simple process for a Senator to
say "You must get at it in some other way."
Why does not the Senator exeicise his ingenuity,
and tell us what other mode there is than to as-
sess this tax directly oil the companies ? There
is no other mode ill which we can do it that we
know of. We must therefore either give up the
tax, give up the revenue to be derived from the
gas tax, which is very large, and from all the rail-
roads, which is also very large, or else we must
include all in the same category; and when we in-
clude them as we are compelled to do in order to
carry out the principle, wc include some few im-
portant gas companies and some few important
railroads that in another time and in another state
of things were subjected by their charters to partic-
ular limitations. We see that we have no choice.
We must either subject them to this great hard-
ship or we must give up our tax; or else we must
provide what they wish us to provide, give them
the power to assess this tax upon those who are
their customers. We cannot afford to give up
the revenue. We think it is very'hani to at-
tempt to makecompames thus situated pay the tax
themselves and ruin them perhaps; I do notknow
how far it wouldgo toward that. The only thing
that is left, if we do not wish to give up the tax,
is simply to make this provision.
The Senator from Illinois thinks wc have no
power to make this provision. On that point
opinions may differ. Although that is his opin-
ion, there are others, and the Senator frpmOhiiHs
one of them, and 1 am another, who do not Con-
sider that there is a want of power to make tMs
provision. Under-the circunrfstkoces, whatjs^fte
difficulty, considering the' inherent trouble of the
case, in le&ving that question to lie'settled by the
courts, if anybody chobses to raise it? There are
but two classes of pe'rsohs who tan raise it. You
irftiy find a litigant who', for tli'e.sak'e of settling
the principle, will expend fcome hundreds of dol-
lars rather than pay half a. dollar. I do no t think
it is exactly a case for a new Joh'irHamp'den to
defend.his interest. The only other party is the
State itself that chartered the company, and I do
not think that, under the circumstances, the State
would feel that its dignity required that itshould
enforce it. ...
In this state of things the committee, as I be-
fore said, came unanimously to the conclusion
that it was but fair and right, and the only mode
by which we could possibly reach it, to put in a
provision of this kind and leave the question to
be settled by the courts if anybody chooses to
raise it. The committee thought that, inasmutih
as we imposed the tax, we liad'the power to
authorize it to be putin this way:opon thosfcwho
have to pay it ultimately, and who ought to pay
it ultimately. I trust the provision will be re-
tained.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to addbuta word
or two t'o what I feel it to be my,duty to say to
the Senate. I ask the attention !6f'Senators'to
the language of this proviso:
Provided, That all ^ucli persons, companies, and corpo-
rations shall have the rl?lu to add the duty or tax imposed
hereby to their rates oftare whenever ilieir liability thereto
may commence, .my (mutations which imiy cxi.-tt by law
oi by ;i'j;n'i ini'nt with any pel^on 01 company which may
)ia\ e paid m lie liable to pay such faie to the contrary not-
withstanding.
"Any limitation which may exist by law to
the contrary." By a law of a State; by the law
of a State which says that the charges shall not
exceed a certain amount. Can we in respect to
any of these corporations change the charter'
Can we say that they may charge that which the
State law has prohibited them to charger "I was
struck with the argument of the chairman of tljo
Finance Committee on this point. He is usually
very clear ill all the propositions which lie states
to the Senate; and yet after informing the Senate
that this subject was very carefully considered
by his committee lie would not give it as his
opinion cieatly and plainly to the Senate that
this was within the power of Congress. He
says that this question may be referred to the
courts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 stated that although
the question was not free from doubt, the honor-
able Senator from Ohio had given his opinion
that wo had the power, and that I entertained the
same opinion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not understand the
Senator to express himself so positively as he
now does; but, his suggestion that we may act
upon this question and refer it to the courts is
rather a new one, I think, in the Senate of the
United States. If Senators do not believe that
we have the power, shall we say that we will at-
tempt to exercise it, and let the courts pronounce
a?amst our usurpation of power? We have to
decide this for ourselves under the same obliga-
tions of an oath that the judges of the courts
have upon them. If we doubt, that doubt must
carry us against the exercise of the power. If
wo doubt whether the Constitution allows us to
do this, I think we cannot do it.
Two of the Senators have referred to the case
of gas companies. I do not know what is the
condition of particular companies; but 1 under-
stand that there is no stock in the country so val-
uable, that brings so large a return to the holder,
as gas stock. It may not be so in Chicago; 1
do not know how that is; but 1 understand that
generally in the cities it is the very best stock a
man can buy; and there are not many gas com-
panies upon whom this tax will be a hard one.
But is the hardship of a particular case, the case
of the company in Chicago, to control us? " Hard
cases make a shipwreck of law." Are they to
be the shipwreck of the Constitution too? My
notion about it is that this tax ought to be upon
the net receipts of the employments, of the roads,
