2500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
of the business of the companies; that we ought
. not to tax their gross incomes but their net re-
ceipts. Then we do tax an income as we tax the
Income of each citizen; and I think that the tax
, on a corporation ought to be in that respect pre-
cisely as it is imposed upon the citizen. If you
make ita tax on the net receipts or income, there
is no more hardship on the corporation than on
any individual in the country. All the citizens
pay on their income. Let corporations do that;
and from the gross income are to be deducted the
expenditures in the particular business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We pay on our gross
income.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not exactly that. An
attorney pays on the proceeds of his profession,
t but not upon all the proceeds, because the con-
struction of the law is that we may deduct from
. the income the expenses connected with our pro-
fession, our office rent and the like of that. So a
tax on the income of a railroad corporation ought
to be upon the net income after deducting its ex-
penditures. The committee, however, have not
seen fit to adopt that principle of legislation in re-
spect to these corporations. Still i do not think
we ought to disregard the constitutional difficulty
which lies in the way of the adoption of the prop-
osition of the committee in this instance. If the
cases alluded to by Senators are hard cases, they
ought to be remedied by the proper tribunal, the
Legislatures of the States. If the Legislatures are
disposed to aid Congress in the collection of a
revenue, let them give the proper relief; I do not
think Congress can; I have therefore proposed
my motion. I wish to add that I am glad the
Senator from Illinois has called for the yeas and
nays, because this is an important question, and
our decision will be a precedent upon other ques-
tions of a similar sort.
Mr. CLARK. 1 understood the Senator from
Indiana to call this a new question. It is not a
new question. The same question was before the
Senate two years ago when we passed the (ax
bill. The same provision was insetted in that
law, and it was after mature deliberation then that
the Senate adopted it. It was not precisely in the
same words as this or in the same connection, buL
the same principle is in the law. I recollect it
very well. The same question was raised and
the same discussion had. For two years the pro-
vision has worked and never has produced any
collision between the States, and the Government
of the United States, or between any individual
and the United States. I suggest to the Senate
that we had better now retain it,t he practice having
commenced under it. Let the States change their
charters if necessary, as they undoubtedly will,
because it will be a great hardship in many cases
to compel these corpoiations to pay the tax and
give them no redress over.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have said upon an analo-
gous question that I thought there was no author-
ity to puss provision of this kind. 1 do not
propose to aigue the question again as a question
of law. The object of the committee is to raise
money, and that of itself in the abstract is quite a
laudable object; but they are attempting to do it,
I think, by this mode of taxation, to a greater ex-
tent than is just in itself, and they try to avoid
that injustice in the practical result of what they
are doing, by seeking to do what, as I think, they
have no power to do, lay your tax on the gross
proceeds of these companies instead of the net
proceeds. Because a tax on the gross proceeds is
very onerous to these t ompanies, you propose to
authorize them to throw that burden from their
own shoulders on the persons with whom they
deal. My idea, and thaf h the idea expressed by
the Senator from Indiana, is that nf the charters
of these several companies limit the chaige which
they are authorized to make for doing the busi-
ness Vhich they are authorized by their ehaiteis
to carry on, we have no power to give them the
right tu go beyond that charge; and yet that is
precisely what is proposed to lie done by this pro-
viso. Xliere is no neet-s&ity for it except the ne-
cessity which grows out oil your mode of impos-
ing the tax. h you will impose the tax on the
net proceeds there will be no necessity for it.
Mr. COWAN. 1 should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Maryland whether the Government, if
it disturbs the relations which exist between ven-
dor and vendee, m the legitimate exercise of its
functions, has not a ri^ht to relieve in equity
against the operation of its law. For instance, if
A contracts to deliver whisky at fifty cents a gal-
lon to B on a given day, three months from this
time, and in the meanwhile whisky is taxed a dol-
lar or a dollar and a half a gallon, it becomes ut-
terly impossible for A, owing to the legitimate
exercise of the Government power, to deliver;
has it not the power to say to the vendee, B, that
if he,insists upon the specific performance of the
contract he must pay the tax?
Mr. JOHNSON. That is another question
altogether.
Mr. COWAN. That is this question precisely;
and it is the same principle which underlies all
these questions. What is the charter of a corpo-
rate company ? Nothing but a contract between
it and the State which gives the charter. This
Government has the power to-tax; and if by levy-
ing a tax it makes it impossible for the company
to discharge its duties under the charter that it
holds from the State, we can relieve as against that
just in the same way as we can say to the vendor,
" If the vendee does not pay the tax you aie dis-
charged from the obligation of the contract." So
it is with the charter of these gas companies: if
the people do not desire to pay what the charter
allows the company to charge and the additional
tax, and the company cannot get along otherwise,
they need not have gas-light; that is all.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 do not admit the law to be
a3 stated by the honorable member ftom Penn-
sylvania. I understand him to say that if A con-
tracts with 13 to sell goods to 15 for a specific price,
and the taxing power of the State or the taxing
powerof the United States imposes a tax on that
sale, the same power has a right to authorize the
vendor to charge that amount to hts vendee. That
I deny. Whether the vendor could go into a court
of equity and ask upon that ground to be relieved
from the obligation to perfoun his contract us an-
other question. I do not believe he could; but, if I
recollect, the question propounded by way ot illus-
tration by the honoiable member from Pennsyl-
vania was passed upon by the Senate on afurmer
occasion at this session. 1 think the honoiable
member from Wisconsin [Mr. Dooi.itti.e] pio-
posed to authorize the vendor in certain eases to
charge the amount of the increased duty which
we imposed to his vendee, and it was voted down.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Senator
will recollect that it was voted down because the
majority of the Senate wanted to pass that bill
without any amendment, so as to prevent its going
back to the House of Representatives, and there-
fore they would listen to no proposition. That
was the ground; that was the reason given for it.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 do not know what gi ound
influenced the action of the majority of the Sen-
ate; but 1 know that I took objection to the amend-
ment proposed by the member from Wisconsin
precisely on the ground that the object contem-
plated by that amendment, as by this, is what we
have no power to do. 1 do not propose to argue
it further.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have no iccol-
Icction of this question at the time of the passage
of the former act, as referred to by the Senator
from New Hampshire. Ail the opinion 1 have
about it is formed at this time; and I will express
in a few words what that opinion is.
This provision applies to railroad companies,
ferry companies, and other associations that ex-
ercise franchises. A raihoad company has two
classes of interests m the railroad. It owns the
bed of the road, which is real estate; and whether
the sill and the rail itself is a pait of the realty
or personalty I shall not undertake to define.
Hut the chief property of a railroad company or
of a ferry company is the franchise which it re-
ceives from the State that incoipomtes the com-
pany. One question involved m this provision
is, has Congressa right to tax a franchise granted
to a eorpoiation by a State? I say it has not.
Another question would awse, whether Congress
lias the power to impose a tax upon the leal es-
tate of' the railroad company or of the fen y com-
pany. 1 will concede that it has. Congtesshas
a power to impose a tax upon all real -and per-
sonal estate. Consequently, upon the property
of any lailroad or ferry company or of any gas-
light company, so far as that property is real es-
tate, Congress has the right to impose a tax on
the value of that real estate. The other and ad-
ditional question is, whether it has the right to
impose a tax on the franchise granted to the cor-
poration by the State. I say it has not. I ac-
cept the position of the Senator from Illinois that
Congress has no right to substitute a corporation
created by a State, to make it the collector or in-
strument by which this tax is to be collected. J f
it imposes a tax and wants a taxfcgatherer, it must
constitute that tax-gatherer by its, own law, and
it cannot adopt the agency of agents of a State
to do that office unless at the option and by the
voluntary consent of the State agency.
But I say that I am entirely opposed to the
manner in which this thing is proposed to be
done; and I am opposed to the substance of the
thing itself. My position is that the franchise,
either directlyor indirectly, in the earnings of the
franchise which is granted by a Legislature of a
State in an act of incorporation is not a subject
for congressional taxation. Why, sir, what
would"be the operation? The State may origin-
ally grant or withhold the franchise. It grants
the franchise upon a condition and for a consid-
eration; and what is that condition and that con-
sideration ? It is that the eoiporators shall exe-
cute the franchise at a certain rate of charge.
This rate of charge is not for the benefit of the
State as a political corporation; it is for the ben-
efit of the people; it is for the benefit of the mass
of the people who use the eorpoiation, who travel
on the railroad, who cross the ferry, who pur-
chase the gas where a gas company is incorpo-
rated with power to impose a certain rate ofchutge,
and to collect that by law. That is the essence
of the franchise; that is the privilege granted by
the State Legislature. The question is whether
this privilege granted by a State Legislature to tx
portion of its people, this franchise, is propeily
the subjectoftaxation by the General Government
or not. I maintain that it is not; because if the
General Government may tax the corporation or
the franchise it may tax it indefinitely; it may
tax it to such an amount as to be oppressive, so
that the State would never have granted the ftan-
cliisc to the corporators if U had anticipated that
that! ate of charge by the railroad or by the ferry
company would be imposed upon its people.
Here, sir, is a contract between the State and
the corporators by which the State sells a fran-
chise to the corporators. It is a matter o\er which
the General Government has no jurisdiction or
control. It is a matterpurely of State legislation
and of State polity between it, acting for its people
generally, and the corporatois. Itchooses to sell
one of its franchises to a railroad company to con-
struct a line of railroad,and authorizes itto adopt
a scale of charges for the transportation of passen-
gers and of merchandise limited by a certain rate.
It ] ; a franchise, in another form, granted by the
State to a ferry eorpoiation, by which it vests in
the corporators the i ight to build boats for the pur-
pose of ferrying individuals across a stieam, and
it authorizes the ferry company to impose a rate
of taxation and to collect it summarily. These
featmes constitute the franchise. Itis originally
in the pleasure of the State to grant or to with-
hold the franchise. No State grants a franchise
upon an illimitable power on the part of the cor-
porators to levy what tolls they please or what
charges they please for the rates of travel and
transportation. It is always done upon contract,
and upon a limit upon the amount of such charges
that the corporatois may impose.
The question is whether those rates may be
augmented by Congress imposing a tax upon the
coiporation and enipowenng the coipoiators lo
collect the tax in the form of additional rales of
travel and transportation irom those who tuivel
or do business upon their road or ferry. That la
the whole question. I say that that would he an
interference on the part of Congress with a con-
tract. A grant of a franchise by a State to cor-
porators is a contract in the literal and rigid sense
of the term, it is a contract whose sanctity is
protected by the constitutions of the States and of
the United States respectively. Neither party to
acontiact granting a franchise upon the condi-
tions that 1 have referred to can change that con-
tract of himself. If any change is made it must
by made by-the mutual consent of the parties to
the contract; and Congress has no right to inter-
vene in the matter, and to levy a tax upon the frail-
