1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
the simplest, plainest, and best until our attention
was called to the fact that it had been agreed in
the Senate that the enrollment should be contin-
uous; that the very day that a young man in a
district arrives at the age of twenty his name shall
be put on the list of the enrollment board.
Whenever an alien becomes a citizen his name
is to be put upon the list and into the wheel.
Thus the roll is to be added to everyday. Now
suppose the proposed amendment prevails and a
man is drafted to-day and pays his commutation
money; the provost marshal must commence an
account with him to-day to ascertain when all the
names now on the roll a*hd in the wheel are drawn
out before his name can be again entered. An-
other man is drafted to-morrow and the provost
marshal must commence an account with him
for the same purpose. And so he must do with
every man who is drafted and pays his commu-
tation money. If this measure prevails it will
require more clerks than are in any Department
in Washington to keep the accounts and conduct
the business of the draft. And it is in this view
of the matter, as a question of practical import-
ance, that I urge the impossibility of carrying out,
with any degree of fairness and justness, the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Now, the bill as reported from the committee
does not, I repeat, allow a man to be drafted a
second time until another quota is called for, and
they are limited to one year as the time for which
the §300 shall be availableas an exemption. That
may not be a perfect arrangement, and it may not
be the best; but to the other there is a practical
objection which cannot be got over. Gentlemen-
may think it a very easy thing to keep these ac-
counts; but those men who have been keeping
them for the last year tell us that it is impossible
to keep these accounts under the proposed amend-
ment with any degree of accuracy, and without
the greatest entanglement and labor. I therefore
appeal to the committee whether they will ingraft
a provision on this bill which will put the whole
matter in a state of interminable entanglement?
The question recurring on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Stevens to the amendment,
Mr. FARNSWORTII demanded tollers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wasiiburn, of
'Massachusetts, and Mr. Steele, of New Jeisey,
were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 79, noes 49.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BLATNE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by stiiking out the last word. I do it m order
,to reply to what I conceive to be an erroneous
statement made by my friend on the Military Com-
mittee, [Mr. Garfield.] I am not willing that
his statements shall go to the country if I can cor-
rect them m a five minutes' speech.
The gentleman has presented to the committee
the featful issue, that under the operation of the
enrollment bill, as it has just received the sanc-
tion of the committee, the entire available military
force of the country will bo exhausted without
adding anything to the Army. Now underthe en-
rollment act as it stands by the vote just given no
man is exempt except for physical disability.
Every man has got to serve, or offer a substitute,
or pay the commutation. Under the late draft, the
Piovost Marshal General says—and lie said so to
me in the presence of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield]—that every commutation pro-
duced its man. Suppose you run entiiely through
the enrolled forces of the United States, amounting
to several millions, excepting those exempted by
physical disability who are not fit for soldiers, and
you hold every man. Well, if they all pay com-
mutation, all I have got to say is you Slave a full
Treasury and you can fill up your Army at $5,000
apiece bounty. You get the drafted men, or the
substitutes, or you get money by the hundieds of
millions of dollars. That is the effect of the bill
as it stands now, my friend from the Military
Commit tee notwithslandmg.
I withdraw my amendment to the amendment.
Mi. GARFIELD. My recollection is entirely j
at variance with that of my friend from Maine, ,
[Mr. Hiaixk.] i
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to amend '
the amendment by adding the following: 1
No one thail bo entitled to pay commutation money ex- j
tept nuiii^ci- actually in ''iunge of Mime i elisions eon«je. i
gatiou; men having a wife or child dependent on them foi
support, and not having an income of $L,200 independent
of their inchiMty; members of the religion's Society of
Fuend*, oi other ithpoms denomination?, conbcicntiou^ly
opposed to bearing aims. Any diafted man on whom a pai-
ent, wife, child, sifter, or biothcr may depend for support,
shall be allowed fot each dependent ten dollars a month,
not exceeding$500 in all, payable directly to aucli depend-
ent or the guardian or person charged with the care of such
dependent, and notsubjeet to thecontiol of the dratted man.
I suppose that those of us who desire to raise
armies ought to be held responsible for doing that
which will assuredly accomplish our purpose.
The enemy now presses ourforces iri the field at
every point within rifle-shot. Any sudden freeze
may bring them directly into collision with our
depleted Army. In any event, early in March
the armies will come into collision. It is there-
fore important, unless the United States mean to
abandon the contest, or unless they mean to be
beaten directly at the outsetof the campaign, that
they should restore their armies to an adequate
strength to meet and overwhelm the enemy.
A balanced campaign is a lost campaign; a bal-
anced fight is for the United States a lost day,
wasted blood, wasted honor, wasted time, wasted
treasure. How are we to have armies? We are
exhausting the resources of the country in stu-
pendous bounties, paying men to discharge the
duty that they owe to the country. I am opposed
to it always and at all times. The Republic has
a right to have the services of every man compe-
tent to bear a musket. The way, the democratic
way, the republican way, the wise and efficient
way to laisean army is to make every man within
the military ages liable to military duty; and if
there is to be any alleviation it should be only by
allowing substitutes to be furnished by parties,
and for the furnishing of a substitute the drafted
man ought to be held responsible.
I therefore propose that there shall be no ex-
emption by commutation money excepting m the
narrowly limited classcs that the amendment
which I propose defines. There is no reason for
that most odious, most undemocratic, most in-
defensible, most ii rational discrimination between
the poor who have no money to buy themselves
off from military service, who leave their fami-
lies di pendent on the charity of their country,
when they go out to fight, and the man who,
merely because he is rich, chooses to say, "lean
fling my $300 commutation in your face and ex-
empt myself from the responsibility of service."
There has never been an argumentthat can defend
the gross and crying iniquity of it. Any Govern-
ment that undertakes to defend it stands con-
demned before the civilized world, and above all
condemned before a free and democratic Republic.
Rut let the ministers of the gospel remain to dis-
charge their holy calling, and pay their commu-
tation money. Let men who have persons de-
pendent upon them and upon their industry for
support pay their commutation money and re-
main at home to discharge those duties if they
prefer. Let those whose religious scruples pre-
vent them fiom beating arms pay their money
and remain at home. And then you will have
only touched the outer rim of the great mass of
the body of the people responsible to the Repub-
lic for military service. And when you have
diawn them ail, then take the charities of life I
under the protection of the law, and make allow- i
ances directly to the individuals who, when they j
leave their homes, leave persons whom they are 1
bound to support and whom they commit to the \
charily of the Government when they go to ren- '
dor their highest duty to the Republic. Pay them ■
leasonable sums; relieve tin m from the poor-i
house; relieve them from the variable charity of j
a cold or a liberal woild,as the case maybe; put ,
it upon the same foundation that you put their ■
pay, and then you will have an Army, and you j
will violate none of the chanties of life. I
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Mr. Chanman, I do :
not a<rree to the amendment of the gentleman j
from Maryland, [Mr. Dams.] I will say, how- j
ever, that if the House determines to adopt the i
amendment proposed by the gentleman from j
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevlxs,] and which has j
been adopted by the committee, I will vote against
any and all commutation. Hut, sir, sn that case >
I would make it universal, and except from it no •
class or profession whatever. I do not see the I
propuety of exempting any class of men because
of their profession. 1 do not think that the holy ;
preaching of ministers is so lequisite in time of i.
war as the labors of the farmers and producers to
maintain the Army.
I think it was in Pennsylvania, at the time of
the adoption of the constitution of that Common-
wealth, that some gentleman rose in the conven-
tion and moved that, as ministers of the gospel
were set apart for the cure of souls, they should
not be entitled to the elective franchise; where-
upon another gentleman moved in amendment
that whereas shoemakers were also set apart for
the cure of soles, they should also,be exempted.
[Laughter.]
Now, sir, I said that I would vote for the
abrogation of the commutation clause entirely,
provided the amendment proposed, and which
has been adopted by the committee, should be
adopted by the House.
Sir, as 1 said the other day, the Government
wants men, wants them by enlistment if it can
obtain them in that way; but if not, it wants men
and musthave them. Strike outthe commutation
clause from the bill and you get no men what-
ever by enlistment. Then all recruiting your
Army by means of'enlistment ceases. But by-
retaining the clause, with the restriction proposed
by the Committee on Military Affairs, making it
the duty of the board of enrollment to return to
the roll the name of the man who commutes, you
have both things going on together. There is en-
listing going on. Some men are drafted. Some
men pay the commutation money. This keeps
down the price of substitutes within the reach of
men of moderate means. The Government is en-
abled to offer reasonably large bounties, such as
are being now paid—from three to four hundred
dollars—and the Army is leplcnished. But if
this House shall adopt the amendment adopted
by the Committee of the Whole on the state of- the
Union exempting for three years the man who
pays §300, the military power of the Government
will be exhausted long before the three years ex-
pire—if the war shall last so long—and you may
have a pluthoiic Treasury but no men for your
Army.
Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of either the one
thing or the other. If we retain the commutation
clause we should retain it with a restriction which
enables the Government to obtain men by the of-
fering of reasonable bounties; or else let us strike
out the commutation clause altogether, and depend
solely and entirely on the draft, as you must do
in that case. For my own part, I am in favor of
filling the armies, as far as possible, by voluntary
enlistment. My experience teaches me that the
volunteer is the best soldier; that a regiment of
volunteers is worth two or three regiments of
drafted men. Even if you do sandwich the drafted
man between two veterans you do not make him
as good a soldier as the veteran himself.
1 hope the committee will rcconsider its former
action in regard to the exemption for three years
of a man who pays his commutation money, and
that it will adopt the bill as reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. IvASSON. For the purpose of giving the
committee an opportunity to see the amendment
in print, and to consider it with more reflection
before voting on it, I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawf.s reported that the
Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration as a special order the
bill (S. No. 36) to amend an act entitled " An act
for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and forotherpurposes,"approvedMarch 3,1863,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Dlt. WILLIAM TKEVITT.
Mr. SPALDING asked and obtained leave to
have withdrawn from the files of the House the
papers in the case of Dr. William Trevitt.
CAl'TAlN STICKNBY.
Mr. FARNS WORTH asked and obtained leave
^o have withdiawn from the files of the House the
papers in the case of Captain Stickney.
PROPOSITION OF ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. STILES offered a resolution that when the
House adjourns tu-moi low it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
ThettPKAKRll. The Chair thinks it is hardly
