1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347t7
On the 27th of February, 1861, some two weeks
after the failure of the passage of the Crittenden
resolutions in the Senate, at nearly the close of
the Thirty-Sixth Congress, Mr. Clemens, of Vir-
ginia, offered the following proposition for the
consideration of the House, (gee House Journal,
second session Thirty-Sixth Congress, page 407:)
" That provision ought to be made by law wjthout delay
for taking the sense of"the people, and submitting to their
votes [the Crittenden resolutions] as the basis lor the final ;
and permauent settlement of those deputes that now dis-
turb the peace of the country and thieaten the existence of
the Union.'5
The resolutions are appended to the proposi-
tion. The vote on this proposition was—ayes 18,
noes 113, every Democrat and every conserva-
tive man voting " ay>" every Republican member
voting u no." With this proposition Virginia was
satisfied, as asserted by her pcacc delegation then,
I believe, in the city trying to prevent separation
if possible. Why not have submitted the reso-
lutions to the people? Simply for the reason that
the Republicans never did intend they should be
adopted. They wanted war instead of peace;
large armies, large disbursements from theTreas-
ury. They wanted to abolish slavery—an object
to be obtained at any sacrifice of white men's
lives or white men's money. They wanted to
continue their power, to preserve their pation-
age-—in short, to continue the administration of
Mr. Lincoln for a second term. For who can
doubt that if the proposition alluded to had been
accepted by the Republican party before a gun
had been fired or a man killed, the glorious stars
and stripes would now have been floating over
all this continent from the lakes to the Gulf of
Mexico, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, one peo-
ple united under one Government, and even more
prosperous and united than we had ever been?
That it is not so united now is not the fault of the
Democratic party. The defeat of the Crittenden
les'olutions lays entirely with the Republican
party, and for their defeat they are entirely re-
pponsible. Sad, indeed, have been the conse-
quences, not only to our own country but to the
world. And fifty or one hundred years hence,
when passion and prejudice have no longer sway,
but the truth of history is vindicated, some future
Gibbon, m writing the " Decline and Fall of the
American Rcpubhc," will trace its cause to the
non-acceptance of the Crittenden propositions by
the Republican party.
But, sir, it was not only before hostilities com-
menced, but long since the war commenced op-
portunities have occurred, which if faken advant-
age of by a wise and prudent Administration
having solely in view the settlement of our diffi-
culties, this unhappy, fratricidal, and terrible
contest might have been biought to a close; a
contest in which not "a Utile blood-letting" has
occurred, but one in winch if all the blood that
haw been shed had been gathered in one vast res-
ervoir as large as the dimensions of tins Cham-
ber, you might have walked knee-deep m it. By
some radical application or act of Congress cal-
culated still further to excite and exasperate the
public mind, skillfully and ingeniously to stir up
hutted and ill will instead of seeking to restore
the seceded States with their " constitutional
rights unimpaired," as they pledged themselves
to do, it seems to have been the steady purpose
and determined object of the party in power, if
possible, to widen the breach, and prevent the
return of a single seceded State to the Union.
Why, sir, a single act of this session confirms
all 1 have said. I refer to the bill for the recon-
struction of the rebel States which passed the
House by a strict party vote. Are the " equality,
dignity, and rights" of the States to be recon-
stiueted left unimpaiied by thatact? On the con-
trary j are they not entirely abrogated and de-
stroyed ? Why, sir, the plan of t hat arch radical,
Wendell Phillips, as enunciated by him in his
letter to Judge Stallo, lately published, is not
worse than the House bill. His plan is this:
"Subdue the South as rapidly as possible. The
moment territory comes under our flag reconstruct
the States thus—confiscate and divide the lands
of the rebels, extend the right of suffrage as
broadly as possible to whites and blacks, let the
Fed i uil Constitution prohibit s. la very tluoughout
the Union and forbid the States to make any dis-
tinction among their citizens." No law permit-
ting any distinction of race; no law preventing
the marriage of the two races; " miscegenation"
allowed to the fullest extent. On the whole, I
rather prefer this plan to that proposed by the
Republican leaders of the House; it is clear, dis-
tinct, palpable in its objects, and effects directly
what it is attempted in the House to effect indi-
rectly.
Sir, the Republican party has been as revolu-
tionary in its character and designs as thatof the
rebels. The object of both seems to be to divide
the Union, but for widely different objects and
purposes, the one for a separate power over a sec-
tion, the other for absolute power over the whole,
it is a lamentable chapter in American history,
and if there is the slightest hope for the future it
is in the united and conservative action of all who
love their country, in the coming fall elections.
But it is said " slavery is the cause of this war,"
slavery must be exterminated; that there can be
no peace between the North and the South until
slavery is abolished. Sir, slavery was not the
cause of this war, hut simply the occasion for
bringing it on. As well might you say the apple-
tree from which Eve plucked the fruit which en-
tailed sin on the world was the cause of sin. It
was the command she disobeyed thatbroughton
all mankind the evil they have suffered, the eating
of the forbidden fruit. So with slavery as the
cause of our present troubles. The command in
the Constitution is, you shall not interfere with
slavery in the States where it exists. Its exist-
ence is acknowledged in the Constitution, and pro-
vision made to secure all slave property to its
owners against all attempts made to divest them
of it, either by individuals or their sister States
who were free. Our fathers made this solemn
compactand agreement with the slave States, who
were parties to the covenant. Without it we all
know the Constitution could not have been made
or the Union formed. As their descendants we are
legally and morally bound to enforce that agree-
ment. We have all sworn to do so in the oath
we have taken as members at the. commencement
of the session. The radical party in the country
have interfered with the rights of the South m this
particular. They have violated the command
laid down to them m the organiclavv of the nation,
which was binding on us all. They have intcr-
feied with the constitutional rights of their breth-
ren as prescribed in the written compact of their
fathers, which was a" law unto them"and should
be a " law" unto us. For the violation of this
law, war, civil war, has been the necessary conse-
quence, and what has followed? A destruction
of life unheard of in the annals of the woild; a
Treasury bankrupt; a Republic, the fairest on
God's earth, destroyed; a nation ruined, what-
ever may be the lesultof the present contest.
And is this the price you have been willing to pay
lor the freedom of four million blacks, who, if
the facts stated are true as reported by your own
agents, are far worse off as frecdmcn than they
were in bondage. I quote from Mr. Yeatman's
report as published m the speech of Mr. Eliot,
the gentleman from Massachusetts, who report-
ed the bill for creating a Bureau of Freedmen's
Affairs, i believe such was the title.
" They [the black?] say they do not realize (hat they are
freemen. They Kiy they aio told they arc; but then they
are taken and hired out to men who neat them lar \voi«;
than their secesh masters did. Resides, they feel then pay
or line is lovvei now than it was when the seee&ii lined
them.''
Attain:
" lie was promised freedom, but how is if with him? He
is seized m Jim street and ordered to go and help unload a
steamboat, loi which lie will he paid, or sent to tyoik in
the trendies or pjlior lor some qu.irterimistL r or chop wood
ior the Government, fie iabon, for months, and at last is
only paid with promises, unless perchancc it may he with
kieks, enfiV, and cuises."
And this is the grand result of the politico phi-
lanthropy of the Republican party in giwng free-
dom to the black man, a boon they never asked,
never sought for; nor will their hardships be iess
or their wrongs redressed any more by this new-
fangled Bureau of Freedraen, nor as much as by
their former masters; a new Republican institu-
tion gotten up to pension off some more of those
cormorants who feed upon the offal of the Treas-
ury and swarm about the Capitol like the locusts
of Egypt, seeking what they may devour.
Sir, 1 was perfectly astonished when 1 heard
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well,] knowing as I did his former political asso-
ciations a few years since with the Democratic par-
ty, who had, as I had understood, sent in his offi-
cial character more than one darkey to the " land
of Egypt and house of bondage" under the fugi-
tive slave law, assert " that wherever slavery ex-
ists there republicanism is not; that whereyer
slavery exists there a republican go vernmen t can-
not be." Why, sir, has not republicanism a$d
slavery existed on this continent for upwards,of
one hundred years.' Has it not done so untler
the Constitution made by our fathers for upward8
of seventy years? And that the coexistence of
the two would have continued as long as jjie
Constitution existed but for the radical efforts of
the abolitionists North, who were determined,
even at the cost of the destruction of the Uniop,
to abolish it; not that slavery was malum in se,
not from any philanthropic feeling, but having
tried every other "ism, Maine law liquorism
Know-Nothingism, in their aspirations forpower
they played slavery as their last trump card, and
won.
Sir, the rise and progress of slavery on this
continent is an anomaly, such as has been wit-
nessed nowhere else, in 1607 the first successful
colony was planted at Jamestown, in Virginia.
In 1620 a Dutch man-of-war landed twenty negro
slaves for sale. This was the germ of slavehold-
ing in the United States. For many years the
number of slaves was small. The introduction
of the cultivation of tobacco alone impressed pn
Virginia and Maryland the position of slavchold-
ing States. New England was not tardy in avail-
ing herself of the prospect of gain held outin the
cheap labor of slaves and the rich returns of the
slave trade. Among the " fundamentals," a
"Body of Liberties" as they called it, as early
as J641, in Massachusetts, they distinctly recog-
nized the lawfulness of" Indian and negro slave-
ry," as well as an approval of the African slaye
trade. In 1754, by an official census, it appears
there were 2,248 slaves over sixteen years of age
in Massachusetts, of whom 1,000 were in Bos-
ton. Finding them unprofitable, she was thefirst
of the New England States to abolish slavery,
win n and how we have no record, for as late as
1833 her supreme court left it an open question
when slavery was abolished in that State. Ver-
mont claims the honor of having been the fust
to abolish slavery by her "bill of rights," ill
1770. In 1790 thete were but seventeen slaves
in the whole State. It lequired no great mag-
nanimity to fiee them. Oonneciieut, my own
Slale, the "land of steady habits," where i was
born, reared, and educated, a capital Slate to be
reared and educated in if, as Douglas said of Ver-
mont, " one emigrated early," was not free from
the "sin of slavery" by any means. She turned
many an "honest penny" in the traffic. The
proportion of slaves was greater than m Massa-
chusetts, and the laws regulating slaves equally
stringent. One quaint act of lierts in 1650 pro-
vided " that if an Indian failed to make satisfac-
tion for his injuries, he was seized and delivered to
the injured person, cither to serve or be shipped
out of the colony and exchanged for negroes, as
the case will justly bear." Rhode Island dealt
largely in the slave traffic, with the exception ot
Providence. The heretic Itoger Williams alone
placed the services of the white and black races
on the same footing and limitation. Slaves
abounded to a greater extent in Rhode Island
than in any other portion of New England. There
was a greater proportion of slaves in Newport
than in Boston. The former was the " barra-
coon" of the slave trade for the whole South. Its
extent may be judged of from the following offi-
cial table of the slave trade from the North 10 the
port of Charleston alone, fiom January 1, 1804,
to December 31, 1807. The whole number im-
ported in American vessels, 8,888. Of these—
Bristol, Rhode Island, imported 3,914
Newport, " "  3,488
Piovidence, " "   556
Warren, " "   28t)
Hartford, Connecticut, "     250
]ior.ton, "  
Philadelphia, "   20°
Enormous fortunes were made out of this traffic
in human flesh, and many a descendant of those
engaged in the slave trade of New England, hay-
ing princely inheritances, are now the most radi-
cal of the Republican school, ultra abolitionists,
claiming the right to rob—I can use no more fit-
ting phrase—the descendants of those to whose
ancestors their fathers had sold these negroes in
good faith and for high prices, and all this from
