2502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 26,
jection to it, and that what I propose is ail that
we can accomplish at the present time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to make an inquiry of
the gentleman from Illinois. Was the original
bill based upon estimates from the War Depart-
ment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was drawn'
up by the gentleman from New York, after con-
sultation with the engineers of the War Depart-
ment. They, of course, could,not give any very
accurate estimates. They thought that$300,000
for the lakes was as little as could be got along
with. The committee reduced that $50,000. i
would have been glad to have cut it down more,
but I think the wants of commerce require that
we should make this appropriation, and make it
speedily, to prevent our harbors going to destruc-
tion.
Mr.HOLMAN. I want to know whether the
War Depaitrftent has made any recommendation
on the subject at all It is not embraced in the
estimates.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It has not
made any specific recommendation, and we did
not call for any. The knowledge of the members
of the Committee on Commerce and of the House
was sufficient to justify us in reporting the bill to
the House.
Mr. GANSON. The gentleman will find that
the -report of the Secretary of War contains an
express recommendation for an appropriation for
the preservation of tljese harbors.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill
was not lefeired to the Secretary of War. I
know ho has made a general recommendation.
Mr. GANSON. Special reference was made
to the harbor of Buffalo. A breach was made in
the wall last January, and something must be done
at once to save that harbor.
Mr. STEVENS. Have we not appropriated
for it?
Mr. GANSON. It was struck out by the
Senate.
Mr, HOLMAN. T do not object to the bill
being rcfenod to the Committeeof the Whole on
Uie state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. Idonotohject to the report-
ing of it if it goes to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That I could
introduce the bill and refer it to the Committee of
the Whole i knew very well*, but I did not sup-
pose that to a bill ofthis kind, so intimately con-
nected with the great interests of commerce, there
would be any objection.
Mr. COX. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether the appropriations in this billarein gioss
or in detail for the various harbors.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For the va-
riousharbors upon the lakes which are mentioned.
The lakes are mentioned.
Mr. COX. So much for each harbor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 ask that
the bill may be reported and postponed.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 object, unless it is sent to
the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill is not before
the House.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then the
gentleman 1'ioni Perm.syIvanui objects ?
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do not object if it be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall ask
the Houho on Monday next to suspend the rules
to allow me to report it.
IDAHO TEUUITOIIY.
Mr. WALLACE, of Idaho. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide a tem-
porary government for the Territoryof Idaho."
. Mr. COX. i object to its being reported to be
acted upon now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose the object is to re-
fer it to the CommUtut: on Territoiies.
Mr. WALLACE, of Idaho. Th ere is neces-
sity for immediate action, and I hope the gentle-
man from Ohio will withdraw his objection until
I can make u statement showing that necessity.
Mr. COX. I do not see any necessity for im-
mediate action upon a bill ofthis kind.
Mr. WALLACE, of Idaho. I can show it, if
the gentleman will allow me.
Mr. COX, These bills are always referred to
tl)p Committee on Territories. I have no objection
if it be so referred.
Mr. WALLACE, of Idaho, thereupon, by
unanimous consent, reported the bill, which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Territories.
PAYMENT OF PERUVIAN CLAIMS-
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent to
take up the bill, which has been long neglected,
to pay thePeruvian award. The Peruvian agent
is now here, and is anxious, on account of the
troubles in his country, to go home. The bill was
reported some time since.
The SPEAKER. The bill is in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent to discharge the Committee of the Whole
from the further consideration of th,e bill (H. R.
No. 65) to pay certain claims of Peruvian citizens,
and that the same be considered in the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill I
desired to report is of quite as much importance
as the payment of Peruvian citizens. 1 object.
BECtPROCITY TREATY.
The House proceeded, as the regular order of
business, to the consideration of a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 56) authorizing the Presidentto
give the requisite notice for teiminating the treaty
made with Great Britain on behalf of the British
provinces in North America, and to appoint com-
missioners to negotiate a new treaty with the
British Government based upon the true principles
of reciprocity; upon which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ward] was entitled to the floor
for one hour and a half, with leave of the House
to parcel out that time to such persons as he
should designate.
Mr. WARD stated that he would yield fifteen
minutes of his time to Mr. Baxteu, and ten
minutes each to Messrs. J. C. Ali.km, Swkat,
Davis of Maryland, Littlejoum, and Morrill.
Mr. BAXTER By the courtesy of the gentle-
man from New Yoik I am permitted to submit
a few remarks upon this subject, not to occupy
beyond fifteen minutes. Of course the remarks
cannot be very well considered, or put into the
shape of a speech. That I am nut able to do, but
I will refer to one or two matters connected with
this subject. The question befoie this House as
now presented is whether a notice to terminate
this treaty, called the reciprocity treaty, shall be
given pure and simple, or whether it shall be di-
luted to a milk-and-water consistency. This re-
ciprocity treaty, so called, is a misnomer entirely.
After the people of Great Britain became dissat-
isfied with taxing themselves for the benefit of the
colonies, and after the corn laws were repealed,
it became necessary that that Government should
be supplied with breadstuff's fiom some other
quarter. Immediately the question was agitated
in Canada, and men were sent here to make prof-
fers to our Govct nmont, pretending that they had
something to give for what they asked in re-
turn. General Taylor's Cabinet, with Mr. Pres-
ton, of Vngmia, in it, gave it no heed whatever,
beyond a proper examination, declaring that they
had no constitutional light to make such a treaty
or conipaet;aml, in the next place, to do it would
be impolitieand destructive of American interests
and American policy. The next move made in
Canada was to send some of the ablest and most
distinguished men under that Government here,
to press upon this Government the absolute ne-
cessity of carrying that measure through.
Immediately—whether honestly or dishonestly
does not become me to say—the question was
raised by the party, the head of which is now the
head of the Canadian Government, of Canadian
annexation. Annexation was thecry; they could
not live without being annexed to this country.
They came here with that cry. On one side they
said, " You give us this reciprocity treaty, give
us a closer commercial connection with you, and
our people will become so completely fascinated
with your institutions that the fruit will soon be-
come ripe and will drop into your lap." On the
other side to the men of the South, " Give us
what we want; let us have your nch markets for
our products without taxation, and our people
will have no desire for annexation;" and those
men of the South, always skillful legislators, un-
derstood and were willing to concede to them the
treaty, notwithstanding the influence of Colonel
Preston to the contrary, when he was in the Cab-
inet of General Taylor.
Ay,Mr.Speaker,but that is not all. Theyuri-
dertook to intimidate our oily whalebone friends
—always a little slippery. They said to them,
" If you do not let us into your rich markets not
a mother's son of you shall ever catch another
cod or another mackerel in the waters of New-
foundland .5 ' They were a little frightened by that,
and began to think they were "gone, hook and
line;" but then these Canadians said again, " If
you do not give this treaty we will break these
nurseries of your seamen, and then how will you
cope on the water with Great Britain, so long
claiming to be mistress of the seas?" They then
said to the great West, to Chicago, u Give us this
treaty and you can have direct communication
with Europe, and you can become direct import-
ers; and when a-vessel is hailed on the ocean,
' Where are you bound?'the answer will be/ Chi-
cago.' " [Laughter.] Well, sir, the treaty was
granted, and how many vessels on the ocean were
ever hailed "Where are you bound that an-
swered " Chicago ?" The tracks have been very
few and all in one direction.
There is another question, Mr. Speaker, of
vital importance, which should be considered in
this connection; it is the question of immigra-
tion. We are at this moment losing brave men
at the rate of a thousand every day, and how are
we to make up the loss except from the men of
Europe? Every port of Europe is now swarm-
ing with men from Canada, agents of emigration,
asking' men to come to Canada, offering them
lands free of cost. These Canadian free lands,
however, have never prevented the immigrant
from coming to this country. But these agents
have now to add to their plausible stories that this
country is engaged in a death-struggle, and that
the taxation of this people is so enoimous under
which we groan that they will be ground to pow-
der if they come here, and they ask the emigiants,
"Will you go to this land of desolation, when
you may go to Canada and get your lands for
nothing, and, at the same time, have all the ad-
vantages of United States markets without being
subjected to any of their taxation?" And is not
that so? Ay, sir, it is^go. Within twelve months
after this reciprocity treaty—as by an infamous
misnomer it is called—went into operation real
estate in Canada rose twenty-five per cent., and
within twelve months thereafter it rose fifty per
cent. And why? Because my neighbor from
the Canadas could go to our maiketany morn-
ing with me, in the same car, and receive the
same price that I could get for my produce with-
out incurring any of the burdens which I have
to bear.
I say, therefore, that this question of emigra-
tion has bceome a national question. Npw, sir,
we owe Great Britain no particular favor, but 1
would scorn to bring any such consideration into
thisxliscussion. But are we to have no regard for
the prosperity of our own people ? Shall the right
to bean American secure less than the right to be a
Canadian ? Are we to beat the bush and let some-
body else catch the bird ? I hear men who reside
upon the border say, " We cannot bear this; we
have given our childien to the countiy, and now
we aie to be taken besides." The man upon the
other side of the border says, " Your country is
bankrupt;'your currency is not worth a fraction;
you are going to ruin, while we are prosperous and
content; I go to your markets and fill my pock-
ets, and your pockets are being constantly de-
pleted by this horrid taxation."
Now, sir, one word as to this taxation and as
to the Canadians, t do not expect to shut them
out. I expect that they will enjoy our markets.
God knows I do not want to destroy that pooplo
entirely, because some of them have been and
still are most glorious friends of ours. 1 wish I
could say that there were a majority of such there,
but they are such men as I honor. I know they
have nowhere else to go but to our markets. The
" mother country," as they call it, has failed to
protect them. The markets there do not suit
them and are of no account to them, but they come
to us for our markets. I say let them come, but
let them not come to 10b the bravo men of om
own country, who have given their best blood
