8478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
philanthropic motives and with a view " to save
the Union," which must perish inevitably if sla-
very is not abolished. Was there ever more un-
blushing hypocrisy in this class of men, whose
fathers in the nineteenth century so early made
a'" league with hell and a covenant with death?"
Pennsylvania did not entirely eschcw the holding
of negroes as slaves; and if "Bancroft is to be be-
lieved it is yet a mooted question whether Penn
' himsidf did not live and die a slaveholder. Slaves,
however, were not numerous. The population
of Philadelphia in 1750 was composed of about
one fourth slaves. I might illustrate this sub-
ject further, but time will not permit it. The
singular historical fact, however, may be stated,
that Georgia, of all the colonies, was the only one
in which slavery was prohibited by her organic
law; and that Whitefield, the great leader of the
Methodistchurch, was themostefficientadvocate
of the repeal of the restriction and the introduc-
tion of slavery into Georgia. At the period of
the formation of the Constitution slavery existed
in every colony with the exception of Massa-
chusetts.
If I were called on to say, Mr. Chairman, which
of all the States in the Union hud done more for
freedom than any other, 1 should say without the
fear of contradiction, Virginia—the mother of an
empire as well as presidents. She had while a
colony lemonstrated with the mother country,
again and again, not to send slaves there. With
Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Delaware she
had, in convention, voted against the extension
of the slave trade to 1803, when the delegation of
every State from JNew England voted for it.
Again, when our Treasury at the close of the rev-
olutionary war was bankrupt, the soldiers unpaid
and destitute, Congress called on the several States
to make a donation of their public lands, by the
sale of which they hoped to raise enough money
to meet the public exigencies. Virginia was the
first to respond, with a clear and perfect title to
all the territory now embraced in the five gre.it
States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and
Wisconsin. She gave it up, and by deed inden-
tuied conveyed her title to the United States. It
was a donation no prince, power, or potentate
on eailh would or could have made. Whattheri,
sir? By her oidiimnec of 1787 she dedicated it
all tf> freedom*, neither "slavery nor involunt.uy
servitude" was ever to exist within that broad
domain, and where, but for this princely gift, sla-
very would probably have existed to this day;
and where gentlemen on tins floor from those
great States, the most blatant in their denuncia-
tions of her, and her sister slave States, might
now be in a rebel congress instead of this. Sir,
there was notanotherState in the Union, not one,
which would have disposed of their public lands
to such an extent, even if they had the power to
do so, and for the purposes to which the grant
referred to was made And yet this great State,
with a delegation of her most honored citizens,
was hereup to the time of filing on Fort Sumter,
begging, beseeching, and praying you to make tin
amicable nirangemont of the slave question, lair,
honoiable, ami just, and yet you, you, the very
States whose hei nagc you derived from her,
turned your backs upon her delegation, refused
to receive any proposition from her, and forced a
State, until then as loyal to the Union as any State
in it, to take a pari against you, to join the other
slave States in a rebellion they did not approve,
and a fratricidal war they abhorred, but which,
owing to your refusal toadmitof any terms, they
were forced into. A " little more blood-letting,"
they said, " would do no harm," and you have
had it in quantities enough, one would think, to
satisfy Juggernaut himself. Sir, whatever may
be the result of this*war, end as it may, three
years' contest must have satisfied every one that
tiie blood shed, and money expended, would to
a very great degree have been saved if Virginia
had remained in the Union. The subjection of
tiie other States would have been an easy task.
Sir, 1 have heard the cry here and elsewhere,
from the hangers-on of the Government, from the
14 shoddy contractors.'* from those who are mak-
ing fortunes out of this internecine contest, that
the Democratic party were disloyal to the Gov-
ernment, sympathizers with the rebels, and other
opprobrious phrases too low and'vulgar for repe-
tition. But let me ask, sir, if this is so, what
chance have you of subduing the South? The
election of 1860 shows that there were a million
and a half of Democratic votes given in the Union
States in that year—a pretty good nucleus to rally
around in 1864. Take the Democratic young men
who are fighting the battles of the country out of
the field, and how large an army would you have
in it? Your defeat would be as certain as fate.
Burke said, and with great truth, " You cannot
draw an indictment against a whole people." I
care not what is said here or elsewhere; history
past and present teaches the fact that the Demo-
cratic party now as at all times have been loyal to
the Government of the country. They will, as is
their right to do, argue the question whether the
war might not have been prevented by a settle-
ment upon terms fair and honorable to both par-
ties before its commencement. They may and
they will argue the question whether the policy of
the Administration has been right or wrong in
carrying iton. Itisrightand proper they should
do so; none but a despot would prevent it.
Sir, it is said, by way of sneering at the loyalty
of the Democratic party, by those who never "put
foot in the tented field," and never mean to as
long as they can cheat the Government out of
money enough to procure a substitute, that the
Democratic party is the " peace party" of the
country, while they will " spend the last dollar,
sacrifice the last man, die in the lastditch," to put
down this "accursed rebellion." They are for
war, " war to the knife, the knife to the hilt."
When Cato called his little Senate together at
Utica, at the time when Caesar was marching upon
the city, the fiery Sempronius proclaimed in fero-
cious and indignant eloquence, such as we fre-
quently hear in this Hall—
" My voice is still for war!
Gods! can a Roman Senate long debate
Which of ihc two to choose—sl.tveiy or death.'
i\io, let us rise at. once, Rird on oui -.words
And at the head of oui iianaimng tioops
Attacu ihe foe. hieak tlw uj,'ii the thick array
(It hi-, thionged legion-;, and charge home upon him;
I'eihaps .some arm more potent than Ihc reft
May sti ike lug heat t, and liee the world from bondage."
The conservative Lucius replied, "My thoughts
I must confess are turned on peace." This coun-
sel of Lucius was the especial object of the war-
rior's indignation. The "loyal" Sempronius,
who scorned to submit to mediation, and could
not brook the idea of pe*ice, whispered in Cato's
ear, " Beware of Lucius, he is a traitor." The
very next night Sempronius deserted Cato and
joined Caesar, while Lucius, the advocate ofpeace,
remained, and bravely fought for the liberties of
Rome. There is a moral in this, " that the way-
faring man, though a fool, cannot misunderstand."
Instead of being the "enemies of their Govern-
ment," as their- enemies charge, they are its
tiuest and best friends. Errors may and will be
avoided " where reason is left free to combat
them." The worst and most violent enemies of
tin1 Government are those who blindly and will-
fully " throw up their caps and cry, Long live
King Ilichaid," who blindly and willfully yield
to the "Sic volo, sicjubeo" of presidents or
kings.
Sir, I know full well the effect of power and
patronage, wielded as it is in a Government like
ours, i have seen its effects; they are apparent
in those who
" Crook the pregnant lunges of the knee.
Where limit may follow fawning."
Sir, no party that ever existed but the Demo-
cratic party could stand the recreancy and ren-
egadism of the men to whom they have given
power and wealth, who are now their worst ene-
mies and most bitter defaraers. We need not go
out of the ten miles square which make this Dis-
trict to furnish more than one example.
Sir, I have before remarked, that if the war
had been carried out in the spirit of the manifesto,
as set forth in the President's inaugural, and as
again enunciated in his message to Congress at
the called session, as approved by nearly the
whole House, in February, J861, Republicans as
well as Democrats, in the passage of the Critten-
den resolutions, this unhappy strife and bloody
contest would long since have terminated, would
have brought to us the Union men of the South,
then no doubt in the ascendant, and the Union
flog would long sioce have iioated over the whole
continent, over one people, united and prosperous
beyond any nation on the face of the earth. That
the President was honest in the assertions that
he then made, and would have faithfully carried
them out, I firmly believe, i had known him
long and well; he resided in the district 1 have
the honor to represent here, before he moved to
Illinois; what the influences were that induced
him to change his purposes 1 do not Know, nor
do I care about knowing them now; they were
the most malign and baleful that ever counselors
gave to their superior, and on the heads of those
who gave them will be heaped the 'curses and
anathemas of future generations in this country
to the latest of our posterity. But a " change,"
for some cause or other, "came over the spirit
of his (the President's) dream."
Like Rehoboam, the son of Solomon, and his
successor in Israel, who consulted with the old
men that stood before his father, while he yet
lived, and said: "How doyou advise that I may
answer the people?" and they spake unto him,
saying, "If thou wilt be a servant unto this peo-
ple this day, and will serve them and answer them
and speak good words unto them, then will they
be thy servants forever." But he forsook the
counsel of the old men which they had given him,
and consulted with the young men, who had
grown up with him, (and had made him king,)
and stood before him, and he said unto them,
"What counsel give you, that we may answer
this people, who have spoken to me, saying:
Make the yoke which thy father did put upon
us lighter?" and the young men that were grown
up with him spake unto him,saying, Thus shalt
thou speak unto this people, who spake unto thee,
saying: "Thy father made our yoke heavy, but
make thou it lighter unto us," thus shalt thou
say unto them: " My little finger shall be thicker
than my father's loins, and now whereas my father
did lade you with a heavy yoke, 1 will add to
your yoke; my father chastised you with whips,
but I will chastise you with scorpions." And
the king answered the people roughly, and for-
sook the old men's (the revolutionary fathers')
counsel that they had given him, and he heark-
ened not unto the people. And so when the peo-
ple saw that the king hearkened not unto them,
they said, "What portion have we in David?
Neither have we inheritance in Jesse: to your
tents,0 Israel, now see to thine own house, Da-
vid." What was the result? Rehoboam made
speed in his chariot and fled to Jerusalem, the
twelve tribes were divided, Jeroboam reigned over
eleven, while Rehoboam had only Judah for an
inherUance.
Sir, this is not the only moral in that good
Book that kings and presidents mightprofit by if
they would read it, as they should do. I do not
believe it possible for the President to " run the
churches" unless he does.
Sir, while 1 was at college Livy was one of
our text-books, and I remember now with pleas-
ure one of the incidents in the early history of
Rome as narrated by him, which made an im-
pression on my mind that half a century has not
erased. lie states "that about three hundred
and fifty years before the advent of our Saviour,
the earth in the middle of the Forum at Home,
either by means of an earthquake or some other
natural cause, sunk to an immense depth, form-
ing a vast aperture, nor could the crevasse be
filled up with all the exertions of the Roman
people to do so. The aperture widened and the
fissure deepened, notwithstandiugall theattcmpts
to stop it, until, pursuant to the ad vice of the gods,
they consulted the soothsayers. The answer
given was, 'that if they wished to save Rome,
and make it everlasting, they must sacrifice what
constituted the principal strength of the Roman
people.' While deliberating on what constituted
that stiength,Marcus Curtius, a youth descended
from the noblest Roman fumdy, and distinguished
for his military exploits, reproved them for dis-
puting * whether Rome could be possessed of
greater strength than that which was founded on
the arms and valor of her citizens.' Casting his
eyes on the temples of the gods in sight of the
Forum, and to the capitol, stretching his hands
to the heavens, and then to the infernal gods,
through the chasm yawning at his feet, he de-
voted himself as a victim; dressed in complete
armor, mounting his richly caparisoned horse,
he plunged into the abyss, and Rome was saved."
Sir, there is an abyss wide and deep between us
and the seceded States; vain indeed have been all
efforts thus far to close it. Who in these times will
