1526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
land and the navy-yard, and consequently this
land, however much it might be offered, could
not be purchased to advantage, and would he of
no use to the navy-yard until the other had been
purchased. Previous to the war, and while we
had comparatively a small need of space, it was
not deemed particularly ad visable to press the large
extension oj'the yard; but the piece of water front
which wai^purchased some two or three years
ago—[ do not remember the exact time—for
$120,000, if that was the price, was a matter that
was absolutely essential to the carrying on of
business at the yard. Admiral Smith had been
urging it upon Congress for eight years, and try-
ing hard to persuade Congress to buy it.
My friend from Kentucky inquired who was
the agent for the purchase. Congress was the
only agent for the purchase. it was recom-
mended by different persons to purchase, butthe
Navy Department could not purchase it until they
obtained authority from Congress. The purchase
of the piece of land which 1 speak of, which is
now owned by the Government, was urged by
the chief oft lie Bureau ofYards and Docks for sev-
eral years upon Congress at a time when he could
get it cheapei. It whs continually rising, and
Congress waw continually refusing or omitting to
purchase, on the same ground that objection is
made to it now—that it was an exorbitant prire.
Congress would not authorize its purchase until
it finally fell into the hands of these men, Oak-
man & Eldredge, who carried on a large coal
business there. The navy-yard was so situated
with regard to water, its principal works being in
that particular pot lion, that when they laid a ves-
sel at their ow n whai f it projected over this other
piece of ground that wt: afterwards bought. They
got leave at, one time from the owner a to lay then-
vessels there and to make some work there; and
after they got leave the admiral informed me it
was so absolutely essential that they could not
let itgo, and they held on to it. Although these
men had made large improvements theie, they
told them the Government must and would hold
on to it at any rate, for they could not do without
it. It was obvious to everybody that looked at
it, that in order to carry out the operations of the
yard at that particular point, it was absolutely
essential to purchase that piece of property. Hut
Congress, with the fashion that prevailed for a
great many years, of opposing every thing which
required an expenditure of "money for public
works while the matter was in the bands of cer-
tain gentlemen whose notions of economy weie
anything but economical, iefused until this pe-
riod, when theso men had purchased, when they
had made large improvement* upon the land,and
when boin£ so annoyed by the continuous pos-
session of the Goveimnentand the refusal to give
it up, they offered to sell it. There was a great
debate about tiie price, but they would not go
below the sum at which they finally offered it,
and Congress agreed to buy. That was the case
with reference to that particular portion of land.
Now, what made that pmchu.se essential was
this: at that particular point of the water front is
the ilesp water. It is wline the current, of the
river comes directly m fi ont of the navy-yai d a nil
sweeps out into the stream. The deepest water
in the harbor is at that point. It is something
over thirty feet deep. There is also situated then;
all the principal works belonging to the navy-
yaul. 1 hat deep water was essential to them,
or else they must take another course: carry out
a st a wall lor a large extent of their works down i
to the deep water and build out on to it, or else
construct piers over the shallow water, arid that
would nocesshate a continual dredgm^ to keep a -
sufficient depth of water. It was deemed by the I
naval officers, and by Admiral Smith, who was j
perfectly familiar with it, having been in corn- !
nrnnd there for a long period, that it was better I
and cheaper and m fact actually essential to pur- I
chase the piece of land that was there. '
Things went on in that way for some time j
We obtained that land. These gentlemen, Oak- '
man & Eldredge, have been in possession of all
these wharves lying alongside of the navy-yard
for many years. ihey have expended a great
deal of money on that land. They cany on a
very large and valuable business, making a Iar*e
income. They coal vessels. They are tlnfowners
of the deep waters of the harbor just at the outlet
I think of the Charles river, and where it js al-
ways kept clear by the current, and where there
is no necessity for dredging. They had been
holding this property under lease, and finally
purchased it. Having purchased it, we are now
placed in this situation with reference to the mat-
ter, as I understand: we have now a very large
business there; we have a very large number of
vessels there; many of them are obliged, if they
will bear it, to be removed off into the stream.
We have a very small water frontcontaining the
.requisite depth of water. We have, to be sure,
several hundred feet o£ shallow water, but you
cannot get within along distance of the works of
the navy-yard without doing one of two things:
either making a sea-wall down to deep water, and
then filling up to it—and that is the only proper
mode of doing it, but it cannot be done, as I said
before—or by building out piers, which would
necessitate a continual dredging,and which is not
the best mode.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to ask the honor-
able chairman -of the Committee on Finance a
question. If it is necessary for the convenience
and interests of this navy-yard and the interests
of the Government that this land should be ac-
quired, why is it not acquired in the mode in
which private land is generally appropriated for
public use? Why is not a jury summoned to go
upon the premises and assess its value, and then
let the Government lake it at its value according
to the assessment?
Mr. FESSENDEN, Simply because Congress
has neifer passed a law to authorize any such
thing to be done.
Mr. DAVIS, i think H is high time such a
general law should be passed.
Mr. LESSEN DEN. That has been said here
repeatedly when a pioposition has been made to
buy land. The argumental ways is, why do you
not take it? The answer is, thai Congress, who
ask the question, do not provide any mode for
taking it and never have. If such a law were
parsed, there would be very good reason why it
.should be done in that way.
But I was about to state that the number of
vessels at (hat yard at the present tune is very large.
They are obliged to hire wharves; they are obliged
to hue docks. They cannot accommodate the
vessels that are there. The woiks of that yard
are very great. Some might ask, why not go
down to Portsmouth, where you can get deep
water-enough ? You may go to Portsmouth ; but
you must go theie for a limited quantity of busi-
ness', because Portsmouth has not the appliances
necessary to make repairs and construction to so
great an extent, and a involves time and labor to
extend them. Undoubtedly then: is room enough
there, all of which we need and shall need, and
more too.
This land thus standing in that point of view,
precisely in that situation, the Goveinmentnecd-
mg it immediately, these men, Oakman & Eld-
redge, who have been spoken of by the Senator,
became possessed of this property. They pur-
chased it very recently, and after the estimates
had been submitted to Congress. Being thus in
possession, and the fact coming to the knowledge
of the chief of the bureau, a negotiation was en-
tered into to see for how much they would sell
what the Government wanted. It is about two
hundryd and eighty feet front, if I recollect aright,
of the best water in the hai bor, ail deep water,
anil just at that part of the river where it is kept
entirely clear by the current continually, and no
dredging is needed. They °;nvc $104,000 for it;
but, as one of them said before us, they bought
one piece of it at a bargain. I believe they gave
$55,000 for it when they considered it 'worth
£75,000. The other portion chat they bought
the y did not buy at so much of a bargain. They
professed a readiness to sell the whole of it, upon
which, however, they had placed, as it had been
in their possession for a considerable time under
a lease, about thirty thousand dollars' worth of
improvements.
Mr. HALE. On this same piece of land?
Mr. FJESSENDEN. Yes, sir, on this same
piece of land that they had purchased; and they
|uoposed to sell the whole for §100,000; butthe
Government does riot need the whole. We pro-
pose to buy alt the water front except about thirty
feet,ovcrtwohundred and eighty feet water front,
leaving them about thirty feet for passage way
down. Then it runs at an angle so that the part
which they retain is mostly upland, running up
to the stream. It is only the water front that we
want.
Another thing: all that was wanted on the part
of the Government with reference to that pur-
chase was to strike a line at right angles so as to
clear the yard, get the front, and, so far as the
current is concerned, get the yard into proper
shape;and the Navy Departmentthought it wiser,
although this other piece was of considerable ex-
tent, in the proportion of fifty 01* fifty-five to
eighty, to save the §25,000, because money ex-
pended for what is not needed is always wasted;
and that was the proposition. Oakman & Eld leclge
retain what is entirely insufficient for their busi-
ness, and cannot be made sufficient for their busi-
ness at the present time; and doing, as they are,a
very large and very profitable business, it involves
giving up the whole and finding a new place of
business for themselves. As Mr. Oakman—I
think that was the man who was before the com-
mittee—said, they calculated to make a profit;
they would not sell it if they did not make a profit
on it; but in his judgment, considering the amount
of expenditure, what they sold of it, and what
they would retain, it was not anything unreason-
able. To denominate it a swindle, as it has been
denominated, is a perversion of terms.
Mr. HALE. I did not do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know you did not do
it; but it has been said elsewhere. There is 110
swindle about it. it is a plain business proposi-
tion. Everything in regard to it was distinctly
understood by everybody engaged in the nego-
tiation.
The matter derived some force in my opinion
fi om the fact that the chief of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks thinks it very important, because the
moment the Government came in possession of
it they have completed the yard, and have the
best water 111 the harbor near to their important
woiks. They are not obliged to wait for new
constructions of any kind or description, and
they obtain what is exceedingly valuable. The
chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks lemarked
to me in relation to this matter: " 1 have 110 ur-
gency about it so far as I am concerned. It is
my opinion decidedly that it would be best for
the Government to buy it. It may be a high
price; it may be more than it is worth in the
maiket; it may be giving, although on examina-
tion I do not think it very unreasonable, more
than anybody else would give, or could be ex-
pected to give; but the question in my opinion
is, is it worth that money to the Government,
and, if they cannot get it for less, is it not a valu-
able and important purchase to be made in the
existing state of things?" About that he had no
doubt; about that the Secretary of the Navy had
no doubt; about that the .Naval Committee of
Congress, which went 011 and examined the spot
and looked at the whole thing, had no doubt;
about that neither of the Representatives from
Boston, Mr. TToopur and Mr. Rice, whoso
judgment we may rely upon, and whose integrity
is beyond all question, H"5s any doubt. Nenher,
I believe, has either of the Senators from Massa-
chusetts, if they have examined the epiestioo.
Now, then, the simple question is this: we have
connected wi;h that yard a large extent of water
front, thlee thousand four hundred feet I be lieve,
beyond this 011 the other side, but it is all low
water. You cannot get a vessel anywhere near
it at all. It is of no value as water front unless,
as I said before, you do one of two things, either
go down to the deep water and build a sea-wall
and fill up until you come to it, or else throw out
your piers at different places and use them. The
objection to the latter, as I understand, is the con-
stant dredging that would be necessary m order
to keep it clear. This portion of the water front
that has been bought is kept clear by its own
motion, by its own effect.
I have a plan here, which any Senator can ex-
amine who sees fit to do so, in which the depth of
water is marked all along, showing what ! have
stated to be entiiely correct and true with refer-
ence to it. But if you rely upon the water front
which you have, it involves, in the first place, a
considerable tune before it can be made available;
it involves a large expense before it can be made'
available; and then it involves, it is understood,
a continual lecuiring expense in order to keep it
available, unless you build the sea-wall that i
