482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
a ruling reason, and ought not of itself to control
the action of this body; but perhaps, taken in con-
nection with the facts stateu by the Senator from
Massachusetts, it may afford an additional reason
why this increase of pay should be retroactive.
I understand that so far as regards the first South
Carolina colored regiment, they were expressly
enlisted under an order of the War Department
which contained a promise that they were to be
paid the regular pay of white troops, or a pay
fiimilar to that which was allowed to white troops
volunteering or enlisting in the Army; and some
of them have been so paid. Perhaps other regi-
ments are in the same condition; but that regi-
ment was so paid foracertain time; and after that
payment went on for some period of time other
orders came from the War Department counter-
acting the payment; and wherever there has been
a payment made by any officer in the paymaster's
department under these circumstances a difficulty
arises in relation to the settlement of his accounts,
and unless special legislation is granted in that
behalf, I suppose there is not one of them who
will not be ruined. That is not a controlling rea-
son, as I said before, but it is a reason proper to
be considered m our action upon this joint reso-
lution.
I am also aware from different sources that the
withholding of this pay that was promised by the
Government at the time of theenlistment of these
troops has occasioned great dissatisfaction not
only in the minds of these troops themselves but
of all their friendsathome—colored men at home
who helped to raise the regiments, who were en-
gaged in recruiting them; and I know that many
of them have expressed so much dissatisfaction
as to declare that unless justice is done them in
this particular they will have done with furnish-
ing any further aid and assistance in the persons
of their sons and their relatives to go into the Army
for the purpose of rendering this service down
along the southern coast.
I have not been specially interested m matters
of this kind, but I can clearly see that this is a
matter of justice so faras regards certain portions
of 11)0 colored troops now engaged in the Army
of the United States; and if such promises have
been held out to them by the Department of War,
peihaps it would be no more amiss in us to lec-
ognizc and correct that difficulty, which has grown
out of the transaction, than it has been for us in
times past to recognize and correct other difficul-
ties that have grown out of orders, perhaps given
by the President of the United States himself, and
by the heads of several of the Departments, where
there was no special law in existence at the time
authorizing their action, but which appeared to
Congress to be reasonable, and proper tu be recog-
nized and ratified 1
I suggest these reasons as being sufficient in my
mind, in addition to those that have fallen from
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, backed up by the various letters of-recom-
mendation to which he has referred, to give my
vote in favor of this joint resolution as it has been
reported.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, the
first Kansas colored regiment, being the first regi-
ment of colored troops that was raised m the
United States, were raised in July and August,
1862. For the first six months of their service
they have not been paid at all. The Government
from some cause or other did not think it had the
authority to pay them. During that time they
lost a great many men in battle and by sickness.
I do hope this joint resolution will be made re-
trospective in its operation so as at least to cover
that want of payment. In laising thai regiment
I said, I thought 1 was authonzed to say, that <
they would be put upon the same footing as other ;
eoldiersjn puint of pay. They rendered from i
four to sixmonths'hard service, the pay for which !
is due to them, they not having yet received if. J
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply wish to call the j
attention of the Senate to the fact that this is a j
proposition not only to raise the pay of certain '
soldiers, but also to go back to the period of their !
enlistment, and pay them from that time the J
amount received by others. Mr. President, at ;
the time the amount of ten dollars a month was '
fixed as the sum to be paid to colored troops, 1 j
was in favoi,and so expressed myself,of putting '
them on a level with white soldiers. The chair- I
man of the Committee on Military Affairs at that
time was of u different opinion. He thought that
ten dollars a month was enough, and that sum
was fixed.
Now, sir, what is the ground upon which we
have gone? Massachusetts has gone on under
the law, which was introduced and recommended
and sustained by the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, and enlisted two regiments ,
of colored troops; and the Senator avers that the J
Governorof thatState undertook to promise them i
that they should receive the same pay as white j
troops, and that the Legislature of Massachu- ,
setts has provided for the difference. I do not ,
know but that it would be fair to make that up. :
On that point I am notexpressing an opinion, but !
I wish to correct some mistakes that have been !
made.
The first South Carolina colored regiment was
raised by General Hunter without any authority
from the War Departmentor anybody else. He
did not have the authority of the War Depart-
ment; he did not pretend that he had the author-
ity of the Department; but still he wanted to do
it; and I have no doubt that if at that time he had
had from the Executive authority to go on as he
wished to do, he would have raised alarge num-
ber of men; but he did not receive that authority.
He raised the men; they were drilled and disci-
plined for a considerable time; but as they were
not recognized by the Department or by the Gov-
ernment, directly or in directly, he disbanded them.
They were afterwards reorganized, and, I sup-
pose, received their pay. There was no pledge
on the part of the Government to pay them the
same as other troops. The Government did not
recognize them at all for a considerable time, as
I am informed, and I think there is no doubt
about it.
Now, sir, if the Senator will hhow me that the
Department authorized a larger offer, an offer of
more money than the law provided for—we pro-
vided by law what they should be paid ten dol-
lars a month,on the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs—if the Senator will
produce the orders from the War Department
showing that such an authority was given, it
might place the matter in a different position with
regard to these troops; but allow me to suggest
that it is a very loose way of legislating to come
in heie and merely make a statement that the De-
partment authorized it because officers undertook
to tell these colored men that they would receive
it from some authority or other; for expenence
lias shown that officers enlisting men sometimes
make very strong statements which are not au-
thorized by any eiders of the Department. 1
should like to know whether there were any such
orders given, whether the Department of War did
undertake in the face of the law to say that they
would [my more than the law prescribed. I un-
dertake to say that no such order can be shown,
there i« none such in existence. The whole thing
is mere supposition, because officers undei took to
make these loose promises to soldiers when they
were enlisting them.
I do not believe, and 1 shall not believe until
somebody biings in the order here, that any such
order was ever issued by the War Pepai tment.
We can easily asm tain the fact by applying to
the Department. In that way we may leadily as-
ceiunn whether the Depai tment diiectly oi indi-
rectly authonzed tin* offer to bo rmtde, after the
passage of that law, of more than ten dollars a
month, which the law authorized tothecoloied
soldiers. I do not behove it tor a single instant.
_ The Senator does not produce the order that was
j sent to Massachusetts, or the instructions to the
. Governor, or the permission given to the Gov-
; crnor. He says that Governor Andrew undcr-
' took to do it. Whatever he undertook to do he
i undoubtedly undertook to do with the highest
j honesty and integrity and good fanh, lor there is
no man of whom 1 have a higher opinion than
Governor Andrew in relation to this or any other
matter. But I believe that it was an entire misap-
! prehension on his part, and that no order what-
i ever will be found from the War Deportment jus-
| tifying any such departure fiom the law. At'any
! rate, before we act upon that supposition, we ough t
j to inquire and see whether the fact was so. If the
I Senate are to vote upon that supposition, I beg
j them to wait until they find out the fact; but if on
, the eontraiy the Senate are disposed to say that,
' notwithstanding whether there were orders or
not, law or not, colored troops should be placed
upon the same level from the beginning with other
troops, I of course shall not object to it. I only-
say this, that I think it is dealing very curiously
with the Treasury, when we have entered into a
contract to pay a certain number of troops a cer-
tain sum of money, and they have enlisted with
a knowledge that that was theamount they were
to receive,"for us to go back and pay them more.
If they have been abused and have not received
enough, it may be a very good reason for it; but
I should like to have the matter definitely and dis-
tinctly understood.
1 iepeat what I said originally, that we ought
to ha-\ e placed the colored troops precisely on the
came footing with other troops from the begin-
ning. I thought so for various reasons. I gave
my opinion then that if we paid them a less sum
of money we should, in a degree, give an excuse
to the confederates for saying, as they did say,
that they were not soldiers to be regarded m the
; same light that other soldiers were, and I wished
I to take away from them even the shadow of an
excuse for placing them on any othei footing than
white soldiers. In fact the whole thing ought to
stand on this level: that all soldiers, without the
slightest allusion to color in any way whatever
that ail soldiers of the United States belonging to
the same arm of the service should receive the
same pay. No distinction should be made. These
soldiers are men. They render the same service
as others, and perhaps as good service. Whether
as a whole class they render as good service or
not I do not know, but certainly a great many
of them are much better than a great many of the
white soldiers, if one may judge from the expeii-
ence of the country.
Now, sir, having explained my view on this
subject and called attention to this departure from
principle in our undertaking to deal with the
Treasury in this matter as it is my duty to do,
that is to say, to the fact that we are called upon
to pay what the Treasury does not owe, if Sen-
atois choose to say that it is right and that we
ought to do it in this particular case, I acknowl-
edge that there are very good leasons for doing it,
but I want them to understand precisely what it
amounts to.
Mr. CONNESS. By way of getting a vote on
this proposition distinctly, I move to amend the
resolution in the ninth and tenth lines by striking
out the words " during the whole time in which
they shall be or shall have been in such service,"
and to insert in lieu thereof the words " from and
after the passage of this act."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope that amend-
ment will not be adopted. In January the Gov-
ernment of the United States accepted the first
regiment of Kansas colored troops organized in
July and August, who had been in the service of
the United States and fighting its battles from
August to January. That regiment has not yet
been paid for that period. The families of the
men who fell have not the advantage of the pen-
sion laws. The adoption of the amendment of
the Senator fmm California, it seems to me, will
do an act of injustice that this Government can-
not afford to indulge in. With the same organi-
zation in January they accepted a regiment that
had been in the service from the August previous,
having lost a great many men in battle and by
disease, {think the Senator from Califoi niashould
not attempt to perpetrate such an outrage upon
that gallant regiment.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not my purpose to per-
petrate any outrage upon the troops from Kansas
or any other portion of the Army of the United
States; and I think it may be safely said that my
sympathies go as strongH* as those of the Senator
fiom Kansas with the soldiers, black and white,
who are in the field and fighting the battlesofthe
country The amendmentproposed simply meets
the suggestions so clearly presented by the Sen-
ator from Maine. I agree with him that we should
not go hack and make thisact retroactive; but wc
i should recognize no difference hereafter in the
compensation to be paid to soldiers,-and that from
and after the passage of this act ail soldiers should
be paid alike. In my opinion neither the con-
dition of the Treasury nor the public credit can
affoid these " acts of justice," as they are termed.
I do not think it is wise. Congress has legis-
lated on this subject heretofore, and the law-mak-
ing authority did not see fit at that time to raise
