wm gqn&mmkmm, globe.
July 1,
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. STEVENS submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 438) to amend an
act entitled " An act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Missouri river to the Pa-
cific ocean, attd to secure to the Government the use ofthe
same ior postal, military, and other purposes," approved
July 1, 1862, having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend and do recommend to their re-
spective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendment to said bill.
That the Senate agree to the said bill with the following
amendments, to wit:
Page 5, line six, strike out the word " three " and in lieu
thereof insert "six."
Page o, line thirteen, after the woid "made" insert
" and approved by the court having supervision of the offi-
cial acts of said guardian."
Page 5, line twenty-seven, strike out all after the word
"amendment" down to and including the word "only" in
line lour, page 6, and in lieu thereof insert" shall not be
construed to include coai and iron land."
Page 6, hno five, strike out all after the word " by" down
to and including the word "amendment" in lines five and
six, and m lieu theieof insert" this act or the act to which
this is an amendment."
At the end of section four insert, " or the improvement
of any bona fide settler on any lands returned and denom-
inated as mineral lands, and the timber necessary to sup-
port his said improvements as a miner or agricuUuiist, to
be ascertained under sueli rules as have been or may be
established by the Commissioner of the General Land Of-
fice, in conformity with the provisions of the preemption
laws: Provided, That the quantity titus exempted by the
opeiation of this act and the act to which this act is an
amendment shall not exceed one hundred and sixty acres
lor each settler who claims as an agriculturist, and such
quantify for each settler who claims as a miner as said
Commissioner may establish by general regulation : Pro-
lided, aho, That the phrase 1 but where the same shall con-
tain timber the timber thereon is hereby granted to said
company,'in the pioviso to the said section three,shall not
apply to Use timber growing or being on any land further
than ten miles from the center line of any one of the said
roads or branches mentioned In said aet or in this act. And
Ml lands shall be excluded from the operation of this act
rtnd the act to which this is an amendment which were lo-
cated, or selected to be located, under the piovisions of an
aet entitled 'An act donating lands to the seveial States
and Temtories which may provide colleges for the benefit
t>t a«jtuniltuie and the mechanic arts,' approved July 2,
J860, and notice thereof given at the proper land office."
Page 6, line sixteen, strike out the word " of" where it
lai-t occaf, and in lieu thereof insert" to."
Page; 6, line twenty-two, strike out the word "repealed,"
ami mM'rt m lieu thereof the words "modified as lollows,
to wit."
Pa™e G, Ime twenty-five, aftor the word " to " insert
" which thW act."
Page 7, line six, strike out the word "of" at the end of
the line and in lieu thereof insert " to,"
r.ige 7, line nine, alter tht> word " the " where it occurs
the second tune insert " requisite amount of."
Page?, line nine, after the woid " land " insert" appcr-
ittuung Ihcieto."
Page V, line nine, strikeout the won] " of " where it fhst
occuis ami insert" to" in lieu thereof.
Page 7, hno thiiteen, strike out the woid " of" wheic
H occurs and insert " to " in lb*u thereof.
Page 7, stiike out all after the woid " intervening" m
line sixteen to the eudoi the section.
Page 10, line ten, after the word " was " insert "on the
romplettou of such section of said road as provided in this
net and the aet to which this act is an amendment."
Page 10, line twelve, after the word "States" insert
^ and of even tenor ami datp, time of maturity, rate, and
chaiach'r ofu\tfitc*t with the bonds."
Page 10, at the end of section ten insert: "That if any
of the rrulio.ul companies entitled to bonds of the United
States, or to their riist moitgage bonds herein pro-
vided (ei, ha^ at the time of the appioval ot this act issued
;-r sh<ul thereafter issue any of us own bonds orsoemities
5n such form and manner as in law or equity to entitle the
tame to puority or preference of payment to the saidguar-
i.'stu'd bonds or eaidfitst mortgage bonds, the amount of
meii c-oipuiat'' bonds outstanding and unsatisfied or un-
.shall be deducted from the amount of such
^uvcirnuem and first mortgage bonds which the company
,r a> he entitled to receive and issue $ and such an amount
4.inly of pueli Government bonds and feuch fir&t mortgage
oomts shall he «ianted or permitted as, added to such out-
namling, unsatisfied, or uncanceled bonds of the company,
■"hall ni.iKo up the whole amount per mile to which the
company would otherwise have been entitled: .tfiwip-o-
vided farther, That before any bonds shall he so given by
the Lnited States, the company claiming them shall pre-
tcnt to the Secretary of the Treasury an aifitlavu of the
president and seeretaiy of the company, to be sworn to be-
ioie the judge of a co'un of record, setting forth whether
©aid company has issued any such bonds or sceuiiUes^and
if so, particularly describing the same, and such other evi-
dence as the Secretary may require, so as to enable him to
mane the deduotiun herein required j and such affidavit
• hall tliun be filed and deposited in the office of the Secre-
tary oi the Interior. And every person swearing falsely to
nny such aSUlavit shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and
,.;i con\ic;ion thereof shall be punished as aforesaid": Pro-
■> <>'./>!, uUo, That no land granted by this act shall he con-
veyed tu any party or parties, and no bru\3s shall be issued
>■  any rompany or companies, party or parties, on account
.4 any road or part theieof made pvior to the passage of the
<ict to wluch tinsactis anamendment,orma<i,esubsequcnt
thereto under the provisions of any act oraots ether than
s|jIs act ami the acts amended by this
Strike out aU of section eleven.
Page 11, line twenty-five, strike oat " one" and insert
" two" in lieu thereof.
Page 11,line twenty-seven, strike out" and for the" and
insert" but to aid in the construction of" in lieu thereof.
Page 12, line one, insert "not" after the word " shall;"
same line, strike out "the same" and insert "any" in
lieu thereof; same line, strike out all after the word "bonds"
down to and including the word " road" in line two.
Insert at the end of section fifteen, " and it shall not be
lawful for the proprietors of any line of telegiaph author-
ized by this act, or the act amended by this act, to refuse
or fail to convey for all persons lequiiing the transmission
of news and messages of like character, on pain of for-
feiting to the person injured, for each offense, the sum of
$100, and such other damage as he may have suffered on
account of said refusal or failure, to be sued for and recov-
ered in any court of the United States or of any  State or
Territory of competent jurisdiction."
Insert after section fifteen the following as an additional
section: u*dnd be it farthci enacted, That any two or more
of the companies authorized to participate in the benefits
of this act, are heicby authorized at any time to unite
and consolidate their organizations, as the same may or
shall be, upon such terms and conditions, and in such man-
ner as they may agiee upon, and as shall not be incompat-
ible with this act or the laws of the State or States m
winch the roads of such companies may be, and to assume
and adopt such corporate name and style as they may
agree upon, with a capital stock not to exceed the actual
cost of the roads so to be consolidated, and shall file a
copy of such consolidation in the Department of the Inte-
rior; and thereupon such organization, so formed and con-
solidated, shall succeed to possess and be entitled to ic-
ceive from the Government of the United States all and
singular the giants, benefits, immuriitees, guarantees, acts,
and things to be done and performed, and be subject to the
same terms, conditions, restrictions, and requirements
which said companies, icspeetively, at the time of such
consolidation, are or may be entitled or subject to under
this act, in place and substitution of said companies so con-
solidated, respectively. And all other piovi&ions of this
act, so far as applicable, relating or in any manner apper-
taining to the companies so consolidated, or eithei thereof,
shall apply and be of force as to such consolidated organiza-
tion. And in case, upon the completion by such consol-
idated organization of the loads or cither of them, of the
companies so consolidated, any other ot the road or toads
of either of the other companies authorized as aforesaid,
(and forming, or intended or necessary to form a portion
of a continuous line from each of the several points on the
Missouri river, hereinbefoie designated, to the Pacific
coast,) shall not have constructed the number of miles of
it<? said road within the time herein required, such consol-
idated organization is hereby authorized to continue the
construction of its road and telegraph in the general direc-
tion and loute upon whieh buoh incomplete or uncon-
structed road is hereinbefore authorized to be built, until
such continuation of the road of sueii consolidated organ-
isation shall ieaeh the constructed road and telegraph of
said other company, and at such point to connect and unite
therewith; and foi and lu aid thereof the said consolidated
organization may do and perform, in reference to such por-
tiou of the road and telegraph as shall so be m continua-
tion of its constructed road and telegraph, and to the con-
struction and equipment thereof, all and singular the sev-
eral acts and things hereinbeioic provided, authorized, oi
granted to be done by the company hereinbelme author-
ized to construct and e^uip the same,and shall be entitled
to similar and like giants, benefits, immunities, guaiantees,
acts, and things to be done and perfoimed by the Govern-
ment ofthe United States, by the Prc&idont of the United
States, by the Secretaries of theTreasuiyaiid Interior, ami
by commissioners, in jeference to such company, and to
such pomon ofthe road hereinbefore authe-i iaed lo be con-
structed by it, and upon the like and similar teuns and
conditions, so far as the same aie applicaole theieto. And
said consolidated company shall pay to said defaulting
company the value, to be estimated by competent engi-
neers, of all the woi'k done and mateual furnished by f-unt
defaulting company, which may be adopted and iwd by
said consolidated company in the pi ogress of the woik
undet the pioviaions of this section: Provided, neverthe-
less, That said defaulting company may at any time before
leoeivuig pay fur its said woi k and material, a?1 hesembe-
fore provided, on own election, pay said consolidated
company the value of the work done and material iur-
nished by said consolidated company, to be estimated by
competent engineers, necessary for and used in the con-
struction of the road of &aid defaulting company, and re-
sume thecontto! of m said road; and all thoughts, ben-
efits, and piivileges which shall be acifUiretVposst'sscd, or
exeieised, pursuant to this section, shall be tn that extent
an abatement of the rights, benefits, and privileges here-
inbefoie granted to such other company'. And in ease
any company authorized thereto shall not enter into such
consolidated organization, such company upon the com-
pletion of its toad as hereinbefore provided, shall be en-
titled to, and is hereby authorized to continue and, extend
the same under the circumstances, and m tu-cordanee
with the provisions of this section, and to have all the
benefits thereof, as fully and completely as ate herein pro-
vided touching such consolidated oigftnizatiom Anu in
cose more than one such consolidated organization shall
be made, pursuant to this act, the terms and conditions
of this act, hereinbefore recited as to one, shall apply In
like manner, force, and c*Feet to the other; Provided, how-
ever, That rights and interests at any time aequiied by
one such consolidated organization shall not be impaired
by anothei thereof. It is furthei provided that,should the
Central Pacific Railroad Company of California complete
their Hue to the eastern line ofthe State of California be-
torc the line of the Union Pacific Kailroad Company shall
have been extended westward aa «3 to meet the line oi
said first-named company, said first-named company may
extend their Une of road esstwaid one hundred and My
suiles, on the established route, so as lo meet :i d connect
with the line of the Union Pacil\e road, complying In sU
respects with the provisions and ie*>trictions of this act as
to said Union Pacific road, and upon doing so shall enjoy
all the rights, privileges, and benefits conferred by this
act on said Union Pacific Railroad Company."
Page 14, line twenty, after the word "in" insert "this
act atid "
Page 15, line three, after the word " under" insert " this
act and."
Page 17, line four, insert afterthe word " be" the follow-
ing: "consistent with public policy and the welfare of the
said Indians."
At the end of section nineteen insert,"Provided, That no
Government bonds shall be issued to the said Burlington
and Missouri River Railroad Company to aid m the con-
struction of said extension of its road : *dnd juocidcdjur-
ther, That said extension shall be completed within the
peuod of ten yeais fiom the passage of mis act.
uJ2nd be it further enacted, That befoie any laud granted
by this act shall be conveyed to any company or party en-
titled thereto under this act, there shall first be paid into
the Treasury ofthe United States the cost of smveying,
selecting, and conveying the same by the said company or
party in interest, as the title shall be required by said com-
pany, which amount shall without any further appropria-
tion stand to the credit of the proper aceount, to bo used
by the Commissioner of the General Land Ofticc for the
prosecution of the survey of the public lands along the lino
of said road, and so from year to year until the whole shall
be completed, as provided under the provisions of this act."
That the House agree to the said bill as amended.
JAMES HARLAN,
L. F. S. FOSTER,
JOHN CONNESS,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
TIIADDEUS STEVENS,
J. W. McCLURG,
C. COLE,
Managers on the part of the ilouse.
During' the reading of the report,
Mr, MORRIS, of Ohio, said: I would suggest
that the conference committee explain the report
instead of having it read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
chairman wiH consent to have the report printed*
and let it go over until morning.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; I do not know-
that we shall have a quorum here after to-night.
The Clerk concluded the reading of the report.
Mr. STEVENS. There is agreatdealof verb-
iage in that report; but it all simply amounts to
this: that the single companies may consolidate
into one company and build the road if they
choose; and I supposed that just about as many
words as I have used would he sufficient to con-
vey that idea in *he report. Bat they have writ-
ten out a long report, and it only conveys that
idea at last.
Now, sir, the main change from the House bill
is this: we granted to the branch to be made from
Leaven worth to the main stem at Lawrence a sub-
sid y of §16,000a mile, the distance being thirty-six
miles. The Senate rejected that and the House
receded from that proposition,,and the subsidy-,
therefore, is about half a million dollars less than it
was in the bill as it went to the Senate.
Mr. WILDER. Is st understood by the com-
mittee that the Union Pacific Railway Company
forfeit their right under the bill if the road from
Leavenworth to Lawrence be not buiit in the iisse
mentioned in the bill?
Mr. STEVENS. We expressly provide that
they shall build that branch, and they do forfeit
their rights unless they build it. The whole is
granted upon the condition that they comply with
; the conditions of the grant. And if they do not
| build that road they forfeit all their interests.
; We have, however, enlarged the timp,and given
: them two years instead of one to complete the
i road from Leavenworth to the main hne at Lav/-
; rsnce. We thought it might be difficult to go on
i and b«>ld that road withm a year. We granted
i them that additional time although we struck out
! the whole subsidy for the thirty-six miles; and
! there is that much less of bonds saved to the Qov-
| ernment.
] There is a little farther change, inasmuch a.-=i
i we amended the law in regard to timber on the
j land on the western side of the mountain. By
; the original law, although the odd sections, if
| mineral lands, did not belong to the company^
! yet they were granted all the timber upon them.
I We have thought that unreasonable, and that the
miners v/ho would occupy these odd sections 
which did not fall to the company on account of
their being mineral lands, would need a large por-
tion of the timber for mining purposes; and there-
fore we modiiied the original law so as to give
the timber to the miners, if the company accept
the provisions of tha lav/, of course they will he
homid by that. Both branches of tho committer
