1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1529
further to suggest what kind of government we
should have in the yard without having jurisdic-
tion from the State ceded? How would you gov-
err. the men in the yard?
Mr. DAVIS. The Government could have
jurisdiction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not unless the State chose
to grant it.
Mr. DAVIS. The Government could not have
exclusive jurisdiction unless the State would re-
lease; but it could have concurrent jurisdiction
with the State government and with the State au-
thorities. It could have-jurisdiction sufficientfor
all th/ purposes of a navy-yard. I admit that it
is most convenient, and probably would be most
for the harmony of the working of the two jurisdic-
tions, that where thisGovernmentacquiies prop-
erty of this kind there should be such a release
as would pasg to the Government of the United
States exclusive jurisdiction over the land. Would
there be -any difficulty in obtaining such a lelease
of the jurisdiction of the State? I suppose not.
It has been obtained in hundreds of other places
fr >m the various States; and there will be just as
little difficulty in getting it from Massachusetts
fis from any other State, I suppose.
I have no doubt, from everything I have heard,
that this property is offered to the Government for
too much money; the price asked is too large; it is
.nore than the intrinsic value of the land; it is
more than the United States ought to pay for it;
but it is only one case in a thousand. The United
States very seldom purchase property in the way
of real estate for such a purpose that it docs not
pay two or three prices for it. If a general law
pointing out the mode in which propelty should
be assessed that the Government needed for its
convenience or its operations had been passed
fifty yearsago, millions upon tmlhons would have
been saved to the Treasury in getting property at
a fair assessed value, and ptevenung the swin-
dling and plundering operations to which the Gov-
ernment has been made to submit. A policy of
this kind ought to be introduced at somo time, and
now is just as good a time to begin as any other.
I believe this appropriation ought not to he made
but ou^ht to be voted down, and the Committee
on the Judiciary ought to introduce a general law
regulating the mode in which private property
may be taken, at its value assessed, for public
use. Such a law could be passed veiy speedily,
and I suppose in the course of three or four months
this piece of property or any other property the
Government might need anywhere could be
brought under the operation of such a law, and
paid for and acquired by the Government in that
mode.
I think that is a very plain policy and an im-
perative one. It is necessary to pievent extor-
tion, and 1 am amazed that such a law was not
passed years and scores of years ngo. Every
Stale has .such a law, t presume. My State has
it, and it never submits itself to be extoited and
plundered from by private individuals in their
attempt to compel the State to pay the price which
the owner of any property mny ask for that prop-
erty where it is necessary to appropriate it to the
public use. We have a general law upon the
subject. We appoint commissioners or we suln-
mon a jury. The commissioners or the jury go
upon tiie premises and assess the value of the
land. They do it judicially; they do it upon an
investigation of the subject, upon hearing proof
ofits value. They mnkc their report, and theirre-
port passes under the revision and judgment of
a court. If there is any error in it of fact or of
law of sufficient moment, the report, whether it
be by a jury or commissioners,is set aside and a
new proceeding is had. But it is upon this mode
of pioceeding, that is perfectly fair and just be-
tween the Government and the owners of private
pioperty, that the assessment is made and the
property is transferied from the owner to the
State for the public use; and it seems to me as plain
as the case put by the honoiable Senator from
Massachusetts, the other day, that two and two
do not make five, that such a system as this
ought to be adopted, and that now is a very good
time to adopt it.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I was not able to con-
cur with the majority of the Committee on Fi-
nance as to the necessity of this appropriation, 1
will very briefly state the reasons why I could not
concur with them. As a general rule I am op-
posed to the purchase of any real estate or other
property by the Government during a time of war,
unless the necessity of it is made apparent. The
appropriations of money in a time like this should
be confined simply to the purposes of war unless
the necessity is apparent and clear. There is no
estimate for this appropriation in the regular es-
timates. I believe it was not submitted to us
in that way. It came in the form of a recom-
mendation from the head of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks, Admital Smith, who appeared before
the Committee of Ways and Means, and it was
inserted by them in the bill. Admiral Smith and,
I believe, Admiral Stringham came before the
Committee on Finance an5 mp.de their statements.
I listened to every word they had to say, and
also to what was said by those who opposed this
appropriation, and I was notconvinced of the ne-
cessity for it.
The United States own a large tract of land in
Clmrlestown, embracing, I think, overthree thou-
sand feet of water front, A portion of this is
deep water, and a portion of it is shallow. From
an examination of the question I was not satis-
fied but that, by cribbing, the United States might
acquire deep water front on its own ground at a
far less expense than would be required by the
purchase of this land.
But there was another view that made an im-
pression on my mind. It seems that for several
yeats Admiial Smith desired to purchase a piece
uf land adjacent to the riavy-yaid, then belong-
ing to the linn of which Mr. Eldiedge was one.
Alter a good deal of delay he prevailed on Con-
gress to buy that land adjoining the navy-yard.
During all that'time there wa3 no suggestion
made, so far as I could see, that any more land
was necessary except that particular piece then
owned by the firm of Oakman & Eldivdge. There
was no allegation that more land besides that was
needed, that land still further west was needed,
and the prcssuic was made upon Congress to buy
that particular piecc of land, and aftei some delay
Congiess appropriated $120,000 to buy that land
of Eidredge. There was no suggestion at that
time, ns I have said, that we wanted land still
further west and adjacent to the purchase then
made, That land could have been purchased, ac-
cording to the testimony before us, at a far less
sum timn is now proposed to be paid for it; but
there was no claim or pretense then made to Con-
gress that more land was needed. The purchase
was made of Eidredge for $120,000 and paid for
two years ago, in the summer of 18G3, since this
warcommenced. It was purchased on theground
that we were then compelled sometimes to extend
our vessels beyond our lines and to front on the
land of Eidredge. Thatargument prevailed, and
Congress bought that land.
What occurred then? Shortly afterwards Ei-
dredge bought the adjacent land to that which we
had purchased, two pieces containing about thiee
hundred feet of water fiont, and about as much
land fronting on a street in the town of Charles-
town, for £104,000. Then for the first time after
this firm purchased this land the suggestion was
made that the Government of the United States
wanted a poition of the water front. I looked at
the dates, and that created an impression upon
my mind.
if two years ago, when we wanted as much
water front as we do now, for all that appears,
when we were engaged in the war, if this land
that is now about to be purchased was needed,
why was not the demand for its purchase made
then upon Congress? The whole of it could then
have been purchased for $104,000; but no sugges-
tion of that kind was made. Eidredge bought it
for $104,000; and now he proposes to sell to the
United States less than one half of it in territorial
extent, but nearly the whole water frontage, as
the Senator from Maine says—all *1 think but
thirty feet of water front—an angle including most
of the water front, but none of the back front on
the streets of Charlcstown, less, I say, than one
half the territorial extent of the ground 
Mr. FESSENDEN. More than one half.
The proportion is eighty to fifty.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is a good
mathematician, and he can calculate it forhimself
very readily. This piece is an irregular parallelo-
gram. We do not got all the water front end we
get none of the back front. I do not know, then,
what kind of shape it is by \rhich we can get
more than half the territorial extent of the Ian#,
and yet not get all the water front and none ot
the rear. But take the Senator's statement: we
propose to pay them $130,000 for a portion of a
tract of land that they paid $104,000 for only last
fall, and that, too, when we boughta piece of land
from them two yearsago withoutany suggestion
that it was necessary for us to buy this adjpia-*
ing piece, which we certainly could have bought
as low as Eidredge bought it.
The impression made on my mind was un-
favorable, and I paid some attention to the matter.
This land is of no value to us unless we can get
from the State of Massachusetts the right of emi-
nent domain. I presume the Government of the
United States would scarcely purchase it unless
the State of Massachusetts would cede jurisdic-
tion to us. Here is a local opposition from the'
city of Charlcstown to our purchase. Is it not
likely that local opposition will be carried into
the Legislature of Massachusetts and that a con-
troversy will come up theie as to ceding to the
United States the right of eminent domain ?
Under these circumstances, with these doubts,
ought we to appropriate the money? 1 do not
regard it as a matter of any very great moment, but
simply as a matter of dollars and cents, a business
transaction. It seemed to me, first, that the ne-
cessity for the purchase was notfully established;
second, that the price was unreasonable, as is
attested by the fact that within so short a time
the whole of the property, of which this is a part,
was bought for a less sum; and third, that there
did not appear to be any reason why the land
already in the possession of the Government
could not, by cribbing, be made available for the
purposes of this navy-yard. Those are the con-
siderations that induced me to vote against tl)Q
proposition in committee.
1 will stateanother consideration that it is well
enough forus to reflect upon. A great many very
harsh and probably unjust statements have been
made in the House of llepresentatives about this
purchase. If the necessity of the purchase was
made manifest, 1 would disregard them; but un-
der the circumstances I should prefer that this
purchase at least should be postponed until we
can have a fuller investigation about it. That
certainly will not create any great embarrassment
to the Government, because if it be necessary
they can take this part of the property by paying
whatever is necessary even for its use or occupa-
tion. It will be no harm to the Governmentand
no detriment to the public service to postpone the
matter until next winter, and perhaps fotever.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not feel disposed to
argue the question .over again. I rise merely to
suggest that we cannotget possession of this land
for use or occupation, because these men occupy
it themselves, and carry on their own very large
and important business there. If the Government*
choose to buy it, very well, they will go some-
whcie else to do their business; but they will not
let it to the Government and break themselves up.
We must cither buy it or not buy it. if we want
to use it, we must purchase it.
An important consideration in regard to the
price was mentioned by one of the gentlemen who
was before us, and I thought there was a great
deal of justice in it. He said that they did a very
large and profitable business there,and would be
compelled if they gave it up to go out of business
until tiiey could find someothei place in which to
establish themselves, and they calculated that loss
as matter of dollars and cents in connection with
the value of the land.
If I looked on this transaction merely as a
question of value, how much the property was
actually worth at the present time if sold in the
market to anybody but the Government, I should
say probably that the price was too high, more
than the property is worth to the Government;
but my own belief is that in the course of a year
or two the Government would lose mote by the
want of these facilities than the amount that is
asked for this land.
A word now in reply to the honorable Senator
from Ohio. Men's minds are differently consti-
tuted. When I believe men to be high-minded
and honorable officers of the Government, I take
it for granted that they have acted honestly and
honorably unless the contrary appears. My fuend
from Ohio seems to be constituted differently and
to understand or to be disposed *o think that
