1530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
although we have no reason to suppose that such
men as Admiral Smith and Admiral Stringlmra
are anything but honorable men, yet as they have
not purchased this land before, and it seems from
some testimony that it might have been done,
therefore suspicion is to be cast upon their mo-
tive and their action ! They have no more inter-
est in it and feel no more except as the Govern-
ment is concerned than the honorable Senator and
myself. Hemight justas well impute dishonora-
ble motives to me. I do not think the Senator
meant to impute them to anybody.
Mr. SHERMAN. I not only did not moan to
say anything against Admiral Smith and Admiral
Stringham, but I expressly disclaimed it. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. So 1 supposed; but still
the tendency of the Senator's remarks would be to
create an impression of that kind, because lie put
the question, why was not the purchase made
before? 1 gave the explanation. Admiral Smith
tried for years to buy that one piece of land ad-
joining the yard, which was owned by Oakman
and Eldredge. He could not get leave to buy that.
Of course lie could notjniy and did not think of
buying the land beyond that unless he could got
that, because he would be cut off in the middle.
He found it almost impossible fo persuade Con-
gress to buy that small piece which everybody
now admits was absolutely essential, and which
we could not get along without. In consequence
of the great increase of business, the great num-
ber of vessels sent to the yard to be repaired, it
has become manifest that the advantage of the
Government demands that we should have more
land there if more can be had.
The Senator says this land was for sale before
and the Government might have bought it. Per-
haps the Government might, but it was not of-
fered to them, although the gentlemen who owned
it say they held it and would have been glad to
scU it to the Government. That is what Mr.
Lawrence said; but it did not appear until it was
purchased by these men and they came forward
and offered it. It having been ascertained that
it would be to the advantage of the Government,
they are disposed to sell if they can sell on terms
sufficiently advantageous to themselves. If they
can, very well. If they cannot, so be it. 1 feel
no interest in the matter. I nppeal to the hon-
orable Senators from Massachusetts on this ques-
tion, inasmuch as their colleagues m the other
House have expressed their decided opinion, and
I felt rather inclined to be bound by them and put
the responsibility on them. The honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts who has spoken livs m
the city of I!oston close by Oliarlesiown. If he
feels inclined to take the responsibility of advis-
ing that the Government shall not have these
privileges there which the Government thinks it
ought to have in order to do the business of the
yard, 1 am not going to stand here to quarrel
with him about what lies at Ins own door. Tie
and his colleague may, if they see fit, take the re-
sponsibility of advising against it. 1 am content
with the result. I only want the responsibility
to rest where it properly belongs.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask leave to give nofiee that I
shall prepare and introduce a lull providing a gen-
eral law for assessing the value of real estate that
the United States may need to take for public pur-
poses.
Mr. SUMNER. Since the appeal lias been so
precisely made to me, I will answer. I do live
in Boston and I know this property; that is, as
one livinj<a!ways m us neighborhood might know
it, not pietending, however, from my experience
in life (o have any particulai competency to jud«-e
of the value of such property, and therefore per-
sonally i give no opinion on its value. I do-see
though, very well how important the property
may be to the general interests of the town for
the Senate must not forget that Charlestown is
really a veiy small place;some of these papers-say
Six hundred acres oniyj and all that part of the
town that has the best water facilities has been
already occupied by the Government. I presume
that that adds to the sensibility of the citizens
when it is proposed to take the greater part of
what remains of the city so far as it fronts upon
the water.
I come back, { must say, after listening to the
Senatorfrom Maine, to the suggestion with which
I started, that the Senate is not the body to audit
such a question. We are not masters in chan-
cery or auditors; and since a question has been
thrown into this ease with regard to the value of
this property, we had better, I think, devise some
way of determining that question. For one, I do
not want to determine that question, though I
have advantages which some other Senators may
not have, from my familiai ity with the locality,
and also the character of these witnesses. Yet,
sir, I do not want to determine that question;
especially I do not want to determine it against
the Government. I desire that the Government
should have all that it wants. I am not behind
the Senator from Maine in that respect, eithei-jin
my votes or in the expression of my opinions.
At the same time I come back to where i was at
the beginning, that all things considered, taking
into account tiie local sentiment there in the im-
mediate neighborhood of this property, it would
be better upon the whole that the Senate should
adopt some other way of arriving at the result.
They might follow the suggestion of the Senator
from Kentucky.
As for the opinions of our colleagues in the
other House I am not aware of them. One of
them, to whom the Senator from Maine has re-
ferred, I took the pains to ask to come to see me
and confir on the question, and I found that he
referred me to the pai ty in interest. At that time
he had made no special inquiry into the facts him-
self. He handed me over absolutely to I think
it is Mr. Oakman, the party in interest, and I was
very glad to see Mr. Oakman. 1 found him agree-
able and intelligent,and 1 must say that while he
was with me it seemed to me that h«s case was
almost irresistible. It was only when again I
came to review the evidence and read over these
affidavits that it seemed to me there was a doubt.
Mr. FESSKNDKN. This Mr. Oakman, 1
think, stated befoie the committee that he had no
anxiety about it, that he did not care particulai ly
about selling the land 
Mr. SUMNKLl. fto he said to me.
Mr. FESSRNDEN, And said he, "If they
doubt about the price, just let the Government
select twenty men in the city of Boston who arc
acquainted with the value of such tilings and
know the whole cncmnsiancen mid understand
my business. I do not want Chailostowii men,
because they arc committed on the subject, but
men in the eity of Boston, and I will take thiee
outof the twenty who may go onand 1 willabide
by their decision and sell it for what they say 1
can ailoid to sell it for."
The PfUvSIDEJNT ;>ro tempo) c. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment moved by the
Senatoi fiom New Uampsinte fiom the Com-
mittee oil Naval Allans.
Mr. FKtiSHNDEN' called for the yens and
nay*-', and they w *io oulerod; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 2'J, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Mc?-<rs. Anthony, Bu< kulew, D.ivis, I)5xon,
Hale, il,ill,in, ILirii-, Hi'IuIcimiii, Mentliiek- Howe, Lane
ot Kau-a>, .Motrin, I'omerny, I'ovvell, U.tnw-y, Sh"itn;in,
Spniyuc, Minnier, Ten lCjek, Tiumhuil, Wiiiey. Wilson,
ami VVnglit—'23
NAYS—Mcsh<. (.'handler, Ooll.imtn-, Conness, Fe^en-
den. Foot, Fovtci, (Juinc?-, Howaid. JoJui-on, Riddle, and
Wade—11. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
quotum voting, and the Senate is disabled fiom
pioeeeding with the public business for the want
of a quorum.
Mr. K ESSENDEN. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jlpril 11, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. E. £. Hale.
The Journal of Saturday was read.
CORRECTION OF 'Vila JOURNAL.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I rise to a question of order
in reference to the Journal of Saturday, which
hnsjust been read. My point is this: therecord,
m stating the language made use of by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Harris,] makes
use gf the word " subjection," when the wnrd
made use of was " subjugation.''
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the original report is in the hands of the Clerk at
present. The reporter instructed the Cleik to
change the word " subjugation" to " subjection."
The last words are, " I hope you will neversub-
jugate the South." "Where it first occuis it is
changed by the reporter's authority to " subjec-
tion."
Mr. HOLMAN. Was not that done after the
vote ?
j The SPEAKER. It was done before the vote.
| Mr. HOLMAN. The language was read from
; the Clerk's desk, and the word used was "sub-
| jugation;" and if a change was made it was made
| after that reading. After it was read the gentle-
! man from Maryland [Mr. Harris] said "thatis
j right." Other members remember the language
just as I do.
Mr. HARRINGTON. As I understand, the
vote was on the word "subjugation." So {un-
derstood the resolution at the time. If theie is
to be a change, I desire to give another vote,
i The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
i the resolution which was passed had the word
'! "subjugation;" that is, the resolution of censure,
j The resolution of expulsion was the one that was
j corrected by the authority of the reporters. In re-
' gaid to the resolution which was adopted by a
vote of 93 to 18, the word "subjugation" was in
the original. The resolution which failed con-
tained the words as taken from the reporters.
They afterwards authorized the Clerk to change
" subjugation " to" subjection." Oneof thegen-
j tleman's colleagues was notified of that change
I before the vote.
| Mr. STEELE, of New York. When the vote
; was taken on the resolution of expulsion it read
I " subjection," 1 understand the Chair to say.
| The SPEAKER. On the expulsion resolution
• the word was " subjection." It liatl been read
J pieviou.-dy " subjugation," but it was corrected
, by the leporter. in the resolution of censure
! then* was no change.
t Mr. bTEELE, of New Yoik. All of us voted
1 on the question of expulsion, with the under-
standing that the word was " subjugation," and
not "subjection."
The SPEAKER. When the resolution came
to the hands of the Clerk it read as it is in the
Journal.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I submitto the Chairthat
: the Clerk is not authorized to alter the statement
; taken down at the time in writing, and when the
: gentleman sought to be expelled assented to the
language as it was read. It cannot be changed
on the authority of anybody. The language
must stand as it was written down.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I suppose a motion is neces-
sary to correct the Journal.
The >SPE AKER. The Chair asks the attention
of the gentleman fiom Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
burnk.] The Journal cleik is under the impres-
sion thatwhen the resolution wasofiered the word
was "subjugation," and that when it was voted
on the word was changed to "subjection" by
the authority of the leporter. The Speaker was
not in the chair at the time.
Mr. WASHBURNE,ofilIinois. I know noth-
ing further than that the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Harris] used the word "subjection-"
and 1 made the point in open House.
Mt. IIOLMAN. The poin t of order was made
on the particular language used by the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Harris,] a„d the Speaker
derided the point of order to be well taken, and
thereupon the gentleman uttering the words took
his seat. I move to strike out the word " sub-
jection and to substitute for it " subjugation "
as the resolution stood originally. ° '
The SPEAKER. The Clmiris inclined to sus-
tain the point of order, the reporter having taken
down the word « subjugation," and that having
been accepted by the gentleman from Maryland.
1 he Journal will be corrected according!V.
Mr. 13ROWN, of Wisconsin. I rise to a cor-
rection of the Journal in regard to the request I
made on Saturday to be excused from voting.
1 lie language I used was that I wished to be ex-
cused, because, with a view to secure a full sup-
port to the vote of censure, I asked the Gentle-
man who moved it to amend it, °
Mi. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. I ask that the
Journal be read, so that we may see what tiie
gentleman desires to have corrected.
J"ul'na'> which was lead,simply stated that
Mr. Brown asked to be excused from voting
The SPEAKER. The Chair wilT statelhat
