2506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MAy 20,
for an amicable adjustment of any matters of difference or
'dispute which may icmsui or arise in eons.equcnee of the
termination of said tieaty, &c.
Mr. Speaker, in relation to this subject, I am
more than ever convinced that there is not a single
interest in this country, whether commercial, agri-
cultural, manufacturing, or Ashing, that is sub-
served by this treaty or that can be. If the dis-
tinguished gentleman, from New York should be
appointed one of these commissioners, notwith-
standing his ingenuity in the discussion of this
subject, and his ability, I have no doubt that he
might spend years with other gentlemen on such
a commission, and spend them very pleasantly
too, but if this treaty should not be terminated
by a vote of this House requesting the President
tQ give -the proper notice, it never would be
changed or improved by the labors of such a com-
mission, We all know the beauty of procrasti-
nation whenever diplomacy is employed. Even,
therefore, if we are to have a new treaty, the
proper course for us to pursue is at once to give
the notice, and then if the Canadian or the British
Government have a proposition to make that we
think will be really reciprocal or beneficial tons,
we shall then be free to adopt or reject it. But
first let us see what they have to propose. When
it is admitted on all hands that the treaty oper-
ates injuriously, are we to come forward and beg
for the continuance of such a treaty ? Will this
House again surrender in advance one of its con-
stitutional prerogatives?
Why, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. J. C. Allen] this morning grows elo-
quent-over the fact that it is proposed to tax the
grain and Hour of the West. It is possible the
gentleman has made a mistake. Is he now unwill-
ing that the productions of the vast regions of the
Canadas drained by the great lakes shall, before
theycomeinto competition with those of the West,
pay a tax? Will it hurt the West to tax those
who enjoy our maikets and our war prices some-
thing for so priceless a boon ? Gentlemen know,
I presume, that if we tax Canadians ten cents a
bushel upon their barley they must perforce still
send it to our market. Have gentlemen in the
West any objection to such a proposition as that?
There is no danger of driving them away from
our market; they cannot dispose of any consid-
erable portion of their agricultural products unless
they bring them to our markets. If they paid into
our Treasury twenty-five per cent, they would
then sell here, and realize twenty-five per cent,
move than at home. Then I auk the gentleman
who represents the New Bedford and Nantucket
district whether, if we should tax the fish which
come into competition with the fish his constit-
uents catch, they would object to that? Do they
object to our placing a tax upon whale oil and all
other products of the sea which now come in duty
free? Butit is said that if this treaty is terminated
the facilities far bringing the products of the'West
will be diminished—that they could not have the
use of the railroads*, the Bt. Lawrcnce river, and
canals within the Canadianprovinc.es. Why, sir,
our right to use those canals may be abrogated by
England at any moment without interfering with
the treaty itself. By article four it is provided
that they may terminate that commerce whenever
they choose. That article reads as follows:
Art. *i. H is agteed that the citizens and inhabitants of
the United States bh.til have the light to navigate the liver
St. Lawionci1 and tins canaM in Canada U5<'d as a nn.an*
of communicating between the great lakes and the Atlantic
ocean with their vessel-, boar*, and craus, as fully and
ireely us the hubjects <,j jui Britannic Majesty, subject only
to the same tolls and other -merits as now arc, or may
hereafter be, exacted ot hei Maje^y'^Niid subjects; it be-
ing understood, however, that the British Government re-
tains the right of suspending this privilege on cmng due
notice thereof to the Government of the United St.iteV
They can suspend this part of the treaty any
time they please; but, as my colleague has sug-
gested, their railroads and canals cannot live
without our patronage. They will not bite the
hand that feeds them, so that there need be no
apprenension on our part of being denied the poor
privilege of using their railroads and canals in
consequence of the termination of this treaty.
Besides, if tnere was, wo. have an ample remedy*
The transit of merchandise from Portland to Can-
ada is through ourpermission,and nowagratuitv.
Now, in relation to our commerce, which is
diminishing, and ought to be increased. Under
the operation of the treaty, vessels load in pro-
vincial and come to our ports, taking such freights
as they can find to carry back; but our vessels
must start out empty, or nearly so, and go there
to obtain a return freight, which they arc unwill-
ing to do, and the result is that almost the entire
business with the provinces is now carried on in
British or provincial bottoms.
There is another question greater than all these,
involving the rights of this House. From Jay's
treaty down to the date of this unfortunate treaty
this House has always resisted these commercial
treaties. The Democratic or Republican party-
has always been opposed to the doctrine of the
President and Senate exercising control over com-
mercial matters, and have always demanded that
the House should be consulted in all treaties
wherein an appropriation was involved. All
parties up to 1854 resisted these commercial trea-
ties, and as late as in 1844, as I said in my former
speech, the Senate itself, when called on to ratify
a similar treaty, declared that it was " an invasion
of the uniform practice of the Government to
change by treaty duties laid by law."
If the Senate and President can make a treaty
changing in any respect the revenue laws, they
may in a short time monopolize the whole power
of the Government delegated to Congress over
the subject of commerce and to the House over
subjects of taxation, and set the legislation of Con-
gress at defiance as well as the rights of the House
of Representatives. I trust that the House will
consider that it is entirely wise and statesmanlike
that we shall give this notice in the decorous and
proper terms contained in the proposition be-
fore us. I am sure that no member here will be
actuated in this matteV by any ill-will toward or
fear of the British Government, and our experi-
ence for the last two or three years certainly does
not inspire us with any lively sense of gratitude
for favors received. The treaty has not brought
us the gospel of good-will. It is well known that
in many parts of the provinces the people are as
hostile toward this Government as any part of
the South, and that feeling still reigns piedomi-
nant in Great Btitain, as their action in the ease
of the Georgia, feted at Liverpool, tecently re-
turned, abundantly shows. And I presume no
gentleman in this House doubts that but for the
lecogrntion by the Britiah Government of the
rights of the southern confederacy as belligerents
the rebellion could not have lasted twelve months.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the
permission of the House, I desire to reply a mo-
ment to my colleague from the Chicago district,
[Mr. Arnold,] who dwelt very largely upon the
fact that if this treaty were abrogated one great
channel ofcommumcation with the West would bo
closed up. Now, as I understand it,under that
treaty the power was reserved by the British Gov-
ernment, without any notice at all, to close that
communication, and if that Government chooses
at any time to exercise that power, I ask my col-
league how the condition of the West m respect to
these means of communication is to be relieved.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 desire to say in response to
that, that under the treaty they have the power,
but we have a greater power in reserve if we
choose to exercise it over them.
Mr. WAiSHKURNIS, of Illinois. I am for
the unconditional abrogation of the treaty; every
member must see that the treaty as it now exists
ought to be changed, and if it is to be changed,!
say let us m the first place abrogate the treaty
entirely. IfGreat Britain, whicli derives, as I con-
tend,all the benefusof the treaty, wants another,
let her come and ask us, and do not let us go to
her.
Mr. MORRILL, if the'treaty should be ab-
rogated 1 should not be unwilling to agree to some
fair proposition by legislation, and legislation
mainly. But I wish the House to keep the sub-
ject under its own control, so that we may have
some countervailing legislation whenever that
may become proper and necessary.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, in the considera-
tion which I have given to this question I have
regarded it from no sectional or partisan point of
view, but have studied it m its international as-
pects, and thus I shall continue to piesent it.
I know there are objectionable features m the
working of the treaty, but with very few excep-
tions the points raised in opposition to it were
presented in the report of the Committee on Com-
merce arid also in my remarks when opening thia
discussion. I named impartially the merits and
the defects, the advantages and evils existing in the
present arrangements. Nothing was suppressed,
nothing was exaggerated, and I endeavored to
judge the subject with the utmost possible justice
and impartiality. 1 confide in the honor and char-
acter of this House to treat this great international
question as to our northern neighbors in the same
candid and honest spirit of good-will and truth
with which we rightfully wish them to regard us
and our affairs. 1 trust this House will rise above
mere local considerations. It must rise above
prejudice. I have no fear of Great Britain, I
have considered this question as one affecting
many of the most important interests of this na-
tion. Thus I trust this House also will consider
it, uninfluenced by any fear or intimidation of
Great Britain. I c'annot regard with complacency
the frequent assertions made by several honor-
able members as to our national reputation. There
is no need to vindicate it. It should be, like the
character of Caesar's wife, above suspicion, anil
I am impatient when I hear it unnecessarily as-
serted or called into question.
1 propose to review as briefly as I can the chief
remarks made during this debate in opposition to
tho treaty, or rather to any equitable arid mutu-
ally beneficial and satisfactory arrangement of our
commercial relations with the provinces.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] re-
ferred to the treaty of 1817—a treaty entirely
irrelevant to the present subject. We have the
power on a notice of six months to terminate that
treaty; but there is no necessary connection be-
tween the two. If the resolution of the Commit-
tee on Commerce be adopted, questions regard-
ing the armaments of both nations on the lakes
may, I think, without impropriety be discussed
and very probably would be discussed by the
proper authorities on both sides.
It has been attempted to influence the action of
this House by the introduction of letters from
different individuals. I have not endeavored to
acquire any support for my views from this
source, although I have icccived irumy letters
fiom vmious gentlemen of eminent ability and
character, i may, however, be permitted to give
portions of letters horn Hon. Edwaid Everett,
who was Secretary of State during a considerable
part of tho negotiations leading to the treaty.
When acknowledging the receipt of a copy of
the report of the Committee on Commerce in 1863,
he said:
" ft seems quite evident that the provincial Government
has violated the spirit o! the treaty in vauoti> way-'. I tiu-t,
however, that there will bo no countenance given to the
tin eat of abrogating it, a measure never admissible but in
a case of the gieate^t piovoeanon from the other party.
Having lire interests of Canada VVes-t unlisted in iavor of a
ju^t policy under the treaty, and 1 presume aKo the in-
patiues of the imperial Government in the same diroetion,
there will be no difficulty, I imagine, in peiMiaduitf tin- pro-
vincial Parliament that there is nothing to he guned by a
war of tariffs."
In a subsequent letter he said:
"In saying lh.it 1 hoped the abrogation of the treaty
would not be thoughr of, I meant, its ahtoirahnn before tire
time appointed by tho instrument itseif. When that iiiu<s
aruves, if it shall appear that the colonial leg^lation is in
contravention of the ppuit and policy of the convention,
security HUM ho taken fo> a changf in that legn-Muon, or
the convention be given up, winch T trn^t will not hi? the
case.
" I have reason to think we «=hali have the imperial (Jov-
ernnu'nt with us m a fair and honc&t cxccution of the con-
vention."
I wifl in passing make one remark in regard to
the Constitution so far as this question is con-
cerned. The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] occupied a column and a half of his speech
in attempting to show that no treaty can deprive
us of our right to legislate In regard to revenue
measures. All 1 have to say is that this treaty
did not deprive this honorable body of any por-
tion of our rights in this respect. The treaty was
imperative until the act was passed by this House
on the 5th day of August, 1854, for the purpose
of carrying the treaty into effect. The House
may by its own sanction and by a solemn act give
effect to such a treaty.
I shall, without any further general remarks,
confine myself mainiy to the consideration of the
chief points which have been moat frequently
urged in favor of abruptly terminating our com-
mercial arrangements with the provinces.
The main assertions on which the member from
Maine [Mr. Pike] relied as regards the statistics
or business aspect of the case are that our trade to
