3482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee, on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 38) directing the Secretary
of the Interior to pay to the Chippewa, Ottawa,
and Pottawatomie Indians,residing in Michigan,
the sum of $192,852, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, addressed to him as
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs, in
relation to the claim of the Michigan Indians;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
203) for the relief of Jacob Webev, asked to bo
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Claims;
which was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. HALE. It is necessary to have a short
executive session for a few moments. I there-
fore move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
ieportofthe committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 483) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from Lake
Superior to Puget sound, on the Pacific coast, by
the northern route.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 278) prescribing the terms on which ex-
emplifications shall be furnished by the General
Land Ofliee.
The message further announced that the House
&t' Representatives had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 232) in addition to the several acts con-
cei ning commercial intercourse between the loyal
and insurrectionary States, and to provide for the
collection of captuied arid abandoned property,
and the prevention of frauds in States declared
in insurrection, with an amendment; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message furfherannounced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 573)
making an appiopriation to carry into effect an
act to prevent smuggling; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speak-
er of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 23) granting lands to the State
of Oregon to aid in the construction of a military
road from Eugene City to the eastern boundary
of the State;
A bill (S.No. 73) to amend an act entitled "An
act to enable the trustees of the Blue Mont Col-
lege to preempt a certain quarter section of land,"
approved March 2, 186.2;
A bill (II. R. No. 483) granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Lake Superior to Puget sound, on the
Pacific coast, by the northern toute;
A bill (Li. R. No. 56*1) to authorize the United
States to acquire land m Wallabout bay belong-
ing to the city of Btooklyn, and to authorize the
exchange of other lands therefor; and
A bill (H. R. No. 569) for the relief of John
"Williams.
ANTIIONV SWEETING.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Af-
faiis, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. R. No 117) authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to settle and pay the claim of Anthony
Sweeting, late pilot of the United States steamer
Juniata, have directed me to rejfbrt it back with-
out amendment and recommend its passage. It
merely provides for the claim of a colored man
for piloting our vessels, and I ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution, which authorizes the Secretary \
of the Navy to settle and pay tbe claim of An- 1
thony Sweeting, late pKot of the United States
steamer Juniata, for losses or fines sustained by
him in consequence of his employment in the ser-
vice of vessels of the United States; but the amount
of the claim is not to exceed $500.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
PUNISHMENT OF GUERRILLAS.
Mr. SUMNER. While we were in executive
session 1 was called to the door by the Secretary
of the interior, who asked me and urged me very
strenuously not to allow a bill that has passed
the House of Representatives which is on our
Calendar, and which was reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations in this body, to fail
to be acledupon. ltis House billNo.552. 11will
take but two minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that bill will not
be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because I desire to make
a report from a committee of conference, and there
are several reports of that character to be made.
Mr. SUMNER. I know of none.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator's colleague
wishes to make one. Because the Senator fiotn
Massachusetts has not any to make, he seems to
suppose there is no such business to be done. I
trust that these reports from committees of con-
ference will be disposed of before we take up
other business. 1 as>k the consent of the Senate
to make a report from a committee of conference.
The PRESI DING OFFICER,(Mr. Foster in
the chair.) There is a motion before the Senate.
The report can be received only by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SUMNER. Let mc pass my bill first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not agree to it. If
you can get a majority of the Senate you can do
it, not otherwise. •*
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
before the Senate is that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 552. The Sen-
ator from Illinois, pending the motion, asks unan-
imous consent to make a report from a commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I yield to the
Senator from Illinois. 1 do not wish to make a
battle on a small matter. This is a bill that I
have been tiying to get up for two or three days,
and, as I said, the Secretary of the Interior has
come to our door to-day especially to remind me
of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the report of the committee of confer-
ence will be received.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection, if it
shall not be undcistood that the floor is still held
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, I hold nothing; I do not
understand that I hold anything.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on House bill No. 511 have instructed nie to make
the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Uon>es on the bill (tl. II. No. 511) to piovide for
the more speedy punishment of guerrillas, and tor other
puipose*, having met, after lull and free conference have
agreed to recommend and do recommend to their respective
floiir-es as follow-.:
That the House leeede from it" disagreement to the fir-t
amendment ot the Senate, and agtee to the same.
Thai the Senate recede from it* second amendment,
being the proviso to tho fir<t section.
That the House iccodc fiom up disagreement to the Sen-
ate's third amendment, and agree to the same with the fol-
lowing amendment: add to tnc end ot s aul amendment
the following words <l>o lar as relates to bounties..'5
That the Senate recede from its further amendment.
That the House recede from its disagreement to Senate's
amendment to the title ot said bill and asjruc to the same.
LYMAN TUUMiWLL,
H. S. LANK.
P. G. VAN WINKLE,
Manageis on the pott of the Snaate.
J. F. FARNS WORTH.
J. K..MOORHEAD,
Managers on the pot of the House,
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE Is'IlOM TUB HOUSE
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the repent
of the committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (Li. R. No.
527) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th June, 1865.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 404) to
authorize departure from the established mode of
surveying in certain cases, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to the amend-
ment of the Seriate to the bill of the House (No.
244) to guaranty to certain States whose gov-
ernments have been usurped or overthrown a re-
publican form ofgovernment, asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and appointed Mr. Henry Winter Da-
vis of Maryland, Mr. James Ashley of Ohio, and
Mr. JohnL. Dawson of Pennsylvania, managers
at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had insisted upon its amend-
ment to the bill of the Senate (No. 339) to repeal
a joint resolution entitled " Joint resolution to
grant additional rooms to the Agricultural De-
partment," and for other purposes, disagreed to
by the Senate, asked a conference on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. E. B. Washburne of Illinois,
Mr. Joseph Baily of Pennsylvania, and Mr.
Jijstin S. Morrill of Vermont, managers at the
same on its part.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 328) for the relief of Major N. S. Bren-
ton,a paymaster in the United States Army, with
an amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
ENROLLED Br'^S STONED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speak-
er of the House of Representatives had signed
the following em oiled bills and joint resolution;
which were theieupon signed hy the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 17(5) authotizing the erection of
buildings for the bianch mint at San Francisco;
A bill (S. No. 278) prescribing the terms on •
which exemplifications shall be furnished by the
General Land Office;
A joint resolution (S. No. 77) explanatory of
an act entitled "An act to increase the pay of
soldiers m the Ai my of the United States, and
for other purposes,'' approved June 20, 1864;
A bill (H. R. No. 438) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government tho use of the same for postal, mil-
itary, and other purposes," approved July 1,
1862; and
A bill (H. R.No. 227) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1865, and for
other purposes.
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 339) to repeal a joint res-
olution entitled "Joint resolution to grant addi-
tional rooms to the Agricultural Department,"
and for other purposes; and
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
llesohed. That the Senate disagree to the amendment or
the IIoiL-e of Representatives to the said lull, and ask a
confeience on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
Oido eil, That tiie conferees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the President pro tempoic.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Harlan, Mr. Sherman, and Mr. Hendricks.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hay, his Secretary, announced
that the Piesident of the United States had yes-
terday approved and signed the following acts
and joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 54) to incorporate the Metro-
politan Railroad Company in the District of Co-
lumbia;
An act (S. No. 109) to expedite the settlement
of titles to lends in the State of California;
