1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
occur in the committee's amendment, and insert
in lieu thereof in each place " forty" cents
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to tiie amendment will be reported.
The Secretary read the amendmen t to the amend-
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I have a
very few suggestions to make to the Senate upon
this question. The bill, as it came to the Senate
from the House of Repiesentatives, was not sat-
isfactory to mc as a representative of a northwest-
ern interest. I am free to say that the amendments
proposed by the Committee on Finance of this
body have made the bill more acceptable. Clear-
ly, the proposition to impose an additional tax
upon liquors already in the market, and which
have already borne their tax, was so unjust, so
unwise, in my judgment, as that it could not re-
ceive the favorable consideration of so enlight-
ened a committee or of the Senate; arid the prop-
osition to strike out that feature of the bill I will
certainly support with"great cordiality.
But, sir, the entire measure is one that I cannot
support. This biil proposes to tax an article of
northwestern production, while it does not pro-
pose to change the rate of taxation upon the other
productionsof thecountry. This is notan amend-
ment of the act of 1862. I admit that very prop-
erly, by way of amendment, an old law may be
amended in one of its sections; but this is an
original bill proposing <# to increase the internal
revenue, and for other purposes."
What was, Mr. President, the plain duty of
Congress in undertaking to increase the revenue?
First, it seems to me that it was proper that we
should consider how much additional revenue the
condition of the country required. We have not
been informed by the chairman of the committee
who made his exposition of this bill yesterday
how much revenue the Government now requires
in addition to that which is raised by the present
law. We certainly ought to be informed upon
that subject. I presume that the committee have
come to a conclusion upon that question; and if
so, the Senate ought to be advised of it. Docs
the committee propose that there shall be an in-
crease of the revenue by internal taxation to the
extent of one hundred or two hundred millions?
We ought to come to d conclusion that it is ne-
cessary to increase the revenue to a certain amount,
and then that increase ought to be apportioned
among the several interests of the country fairly,
equitably, and justly.
The act of J862 did not impose a tax upon one
single interest of the country. It imposed a tax
upon almost all the interests of the country. It
was a revenue measure. It taxed liquors; it taxed
other western interests; it taxed eastern inter-
ests, making an entire system. It has been in
operation now neatly two years; and of course if
the Committee on Finance in this body find that
that measure is defective m some particular that
defect might be removed by legislation; but it
is not stated by the committee, this bill is not
based upon the proposition, that the ongmal meas-
ure in its adjustment of the burdens of Govern-
ment upon the several interests of the country
has been found to be defective. That is not the
position of the committee, nor is that the propo-
sition of this present measure; butthe present bill
proposes to increase the tax upon an article of
western production two hundred per cent, with-
out informing the Senate whatadditionai burdens
are to be borne by other interests of thecountiy.
If, instead of bringing m such a bill as this, we
had had an entire change or an increase of the tax
upon the diffeient inteiests of the country, wo
could then tell whether it was equitable, just, and
fair to the different sections; but the committee
has not brought in any such measure, and there-
fore J say if is unjust toward the Northwest.
I know there is a seniiment that liquor will bear
a high tax. It was not alluded to by the chair-
man of the committee yesterday, in explaining this
bill, that liquor should be taxed with a view to de-
crease its use in the country. This measure is a
revenue measure,and is not based upon thatidea.
This measure rests upon the proposition that
liquor will be produced and used, and that from
its production we can realize a revenue; and the
simple question,then, as a revenue measure, with-
out reference to the encouragement or discourage-
ment of the production of liquors, is, how can this
measure be considered with reference to its fair-
ness, its equality in adjusting the burdens upon
the sevetal interests of the country?
The chairman did not state to us why it was
right to impose upon a production of the North-
west an increased tax of two hundred per cent.
The law of 1862 was considered to have imposed
a very great burden upon this production. Liquor
in the Northwest at the time of the passage of that
law was perhaps worth from twelve to twenty
cents a gallon, and then a tax was imposed of
more than one hundred per cent, upon the pro-
duction; and it was considered a very high tax,
when other interests of the country were taxed
three per cent, upon their productions. Now this
interest is selected out for an increase of two hun-
dred per cent, upon the tax of 1862. I am not
able to see that that is just. Indiana, according
to the ccnsus of 1860, produces eight million gal-
lons; Ohio and Illinois each about fifteen million
gallons. The State of New York, thelargestpro-
ducing State of this article, produces about twenty
million gallons. The largest production is in the
State of New York; yet the liquor manufactured
in the State of New York is produced from west-
ern corn almost entirely; and this tax, whatever
it is upon liquor, is a tax in fact upon a north-
western production, and in the end must fall on
the corn producer upon our rich lands. I know
that just now, under the stimulated condition of
the currency, liquor will bear a very high tax;
but this I suppose is intended by the committee
to be a permanent law, which is not to cease to
be enforced at the end of one year or two years,
and in considering it it is proper that we should
look forward throe or four years to a period when
our currency shall have been greatly reduced,
when it shall have approached a specie standard.
Then I ask the chairman of the committee whether
whisky will bear such a tax as this? While
everything is increased in price in the country,
and while men are willing to payalmost any price
for any article they desire, perhaps liquor will
bear a much increased tax over that which it now
bears; but after three or four years shall have
passed, when the war shall have come to a close,
when the currency shall have been greatly reduced,
when men will not be willing if they are able, and
when perhaps they will not be able to pay the
present extraordinary prices, I ask the chairman
if then he believes that liquor will bear such a
burden as he proposes to impose upon it?
My amendment proposes that we shall double
the tax on this production, is not that quite
enough? Are the interests of the other sections
of the country willing that their taxes shall be
doubled ? Whether or no we cannot say, because
the increase upon the other productions does not
accompany the proposed mcieascin this bill. It
is first proposed that this aiticle of northwestern |
production shall he burdened with this extraor- 1
dinarv tax, and that afterwards the revenue shall '
be adjusted aecoiding to the pleasure of the ma- ;
jonty upon the other interests of the country. If !
so, this is nut a fair mode of legislation. If the |
system is to be changed by an in< rcase of the taxes 1
generally, wc ought to have it in one measure, so j
that we can tell whether a northwestern interest |
is unequally taxed in comparison with the tax j
that the measure proposes on the other interests j
of the country. |
I do not intend, sir, to discuss this matter further. 1
I desired simply to express my dissatisfaction at j
an extiaordmaiy tax upon a production of^reat i
importance to the Northwest. Corn, sir, is an ,
article that will not bear expensive transportation I;
to market. It is buiky; it is weighty; it is cheap; j
and therefore we cannot cairy it to market when u
the transportation costs so very much; hut when !j
we can put fifteen or sixteen bushels of corn into 'j
one barrel, and incieasc its value very much, we
have an article then which we can carry to market j_
either over the rivers running toward the South
or over the railroads running to the great com-1'
mercial metropolis, the city of New York. We \<
can then find our way to market; we can then
umke a profit upon our labor; but if a policy is
adopted here now imposing a tax that at the end \
of two or three years, when hard times come upon
the country, when the currency is reduced, when j
it is hard to meet the taxes of the Government,.
will destroy the production of liquor entirely, you j
strike very materially at the interest of the North- !
west; and 1 desired to express the reason why I \
could not support such a measure. I
Mr.FESSENDEN. Mr. President, Icaanotbctt
regard the remarks which have been made by llje
honorable Senator from Indiana as intended rather
for the coming campaign in the Northwest than f<>*
the Senate or the bill, tor I will not doagentlema?{
of his high intelligence the discredit to 'suppose
that he thinks remarks of that kind ar,e not fully
understood by the Senate, and very easily an-
swered. Does the Senator not know that the mere
proposition to impose a tax upon whisky origin-
ally led to a very great increase of the quantity
produced; that the whisky establishments ran
night and day to increase the quantity as mucji
as possible before the tax went into operation?
Does he not know an additional fact, that the tax
put upon whisky has not decreased the amount
produced agallon since itwas puton ? Does he not
know that since it has been proposed to increase
this tax two hundred per cent., as he states, the %
same effect has been produced as to the quantity
manufactured ? And does he not know also that
before the original tax was put on distilling was
at a very low ebb, and a losing business, and
since whisky has been taxed it has become a
money-making business,owing to one cause and
another, and that there has been no decrease of
production? Now, sir, if that is the case, the as-
sessing a revenue upon it has produced no effect
in decreasing production, and consequently we
may infer that those engaged in the production
have not considered themselves injured.
In answer to the Senator further, let me tell him
what I think he cannotbut know, that there never
has been the slightest objection to a tax, and a
large tax, upon this article, and that the amount
put upon it and put upon certain other articles of
the same description, that is, articles of luxury
particularly, is not predicated at all upon the
same idea with the taxes laid upon articles of
necessity. And the large number of whisky dis-
tillers who were before us from the Northwest,
men from the Senator's own State as well as other
States of the Northwest, ail admitted that this
tax of sixty cents was not too high; some, per-
haps, thought it might be a little lower, while the
large majority said that the article would bear a
still further tax, that you might go up to eighty
cents without injuring the business, and perhaps
to a dollar. The Senator must know that it is
predicated upon different principles. When we
adjust the taxes upon different articles, do we put
the same amount upon each, for the reason that
one is produced in one section of the country and
one in another? Do you put twenty cents on a
gallon of whisky, and twenty cents on a yard of
cotton cloth because you put twenty cents on a
gallon of whisky ? Is that the system of taxation
the honorable Senator would recommend as a
statesman ? And yet,to carry outhisidea of equal-
izing the burdens of the country, you must put
the same amount of taxation on all articles, be-
cause it will not do to say, "You must adjust
them from time to time; if you increase the tax
on one you must therefore increase the tax on an-
other. " Does not the honorable Senator know that
in taxation you tax each article according to What
it will hear?
Then again, does he not perfectly well under-
stand, for I suppose he must, that the amount of
tax is paid by the consumer and not by the pro-
ducer of the article ? Is all the whisky produced
in the Not thwestused in the Northwest? Do they
drink it all? Does none of it go to the Atlantic
borden ? Is none of it sent to the city of New
York? Is none ever sent, at the proper season,
or was it not before the war broke ouf, down the
Mississippi river? And who pays the tax when
it is laid on an article? Is it the man who pro-
duced it and who pays it in the first instance, or
the man who uses it afterwards ? What led, let
me ask the honorable Senator, to the vastly forced
production of whisky the moment the idea was
suggested of putting a tax on it? Did the pro-
ducer think he would have; to pay it and lose it
out of his own pocket, and therefore run his mill
night and day to get as much made as he could
make ? Was that the idea on which he proceeded ?
And yet the Senator's argument is predicated on
the idea that this is a tax on a northwestern pro-
duction. Would it benefit the people of the North-
west who wear cotton shirts if because we put a
tax on whisky we should increase the tax in the
same ratio upon cotton, or if because we put a
tax on one article which happens to be produced
