1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3483
An act (S. No. 223) making an additional grant
of lands in the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of railroad and telegraph lines;
An act (S. No. 242) to establish Portland, in
the State of Oregon, and Leavenworth, in the
State of Kansas, ports of delivery;
An act (S. No. 264) for the disposal of coat
lands and of town property in the public domain;
An act (S. No. 272) to facilitate trade on the
Red river of the North;
An act (S. No. 273) to compensate the officers
and crew of the iron-clad gunboat Essex for the
destruction of the rebel ram Arkansas;
An act (S. No. 289) for the relief of Ida Hoff-
man;
An act (S. No. 292) to provide for the efficiency
of the Navy;
An act (S. No. 298) to incorporate the Poto-
mac Feny Company;
An act (S. No.299) authorizing the levy court
of Washington county, in the District of Colum-
bia, lo levy and collect its portion nf the direct
tax imposed by the act of Congress of August 5,
1861;
An act (S. No. 301) for the sale of a lot of land
in Iowa, in the Fort Crawford reservation;
An act (S. No. 302) to encourage and facilitate
telegraphic communication between the eastern
and western continents;
An act (S. No. 305) for the relief of George
F. Nesbitt;
An act (S. No. 308) repealing so much of " An
act to supply deficiencies m the appropriations
for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1864,"
as appropriates $25,000 for erecting a naval hos-
pital at Kitrery, Maine;
An act (S. No. 312) to regulate the compensa-
tion of registers and receivers of the land offices
m the seveial States and Territories, m the loca-
tion of lands by States and corpoiations under
giants from Congress, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 319) to authorize theSecietary
of the Interior to issue a land warrant to Richard
Fitch, of Ohio;
An act (S. No. 321) to authoiize the corpora-
tion of Washington to levy and collect the direct
tax imposed by the actapproved August 5,1861;
An act (S. No. 3^4) prescribing the punish-
ment for enticing or aiding seamen to desert the
naval service of the United States;
An act (S. No. 332) to establish salaries for
postmasters, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (S. No. 8) for the relief of
the State of Wisconsin;
A joint resolution (S. No. 38) explanatory of
the tenth section of an act to reduce the expenses
of the survey and sale of the public lands m the
United States, approved May 30, 1862;
A joint resolution (S. No. 40) for the relief of
Carlisle Doble;
A joint resolution (S. No. G6) providing for the
adjustment of accounts of Henry W. Diman;
*A joint resolution (S. No. 69) regulating the
investment of the naval pension fund; and
A joint resolution (S. No, 70) to authorize the
acquisition of certain lands for the use of the Gov-
ernment hospital for the insane.
salaries of slavis-tltade officers.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
552.
Mr. McDOUGALL. What is the title of the
bill?
Mr. SUMNER. It is a bill from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The titleofthe
bill will be read for information.
The Secretary. A bill to increase the salaries
of the judges and ai bitrators appointed under the j
treaty with Gieat Butain for the suppression of !
the slave trade. j
Mr. CONNESS. Why increase them* ;
Mr. SUMNER Because they cannot live on
the salaries they now receive. It is impossible, j
Mr. CONNESS. I object to taking up that i
bill. '
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, let it be put to a
vote. 1 am sure the Senator will not object when
he has listened to my statement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 t  ust that bill will not
be taken up, and as a reason for not taking it up
1 desire to say to the Senate that application has
been made to the Judiciary Committee at the
present session from nearly every judge in the
United States asking to ^ve his salary increased.
The committee believe that they ought to be in-
creased; there are judges who do not getcnough
to live upon; but under the circumstances and
the peculiar condition of the country, the^om*
mittee agreed that they would not recommend
the increase of the salary of a single judge at
this time; that they, in common with the rest of
the country, must bear the burdens.
Now, sir, to take up a bill to increase the sal-
aries of judges who have no business to do, and
are paid in gold, seems to me to be preposterous.
I trust that the Senate will not take it up.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
a question. I want to understand this matter ex-
actly. If my recollection is not imperfect, it was
understood in committee that that bill would be
left to lie over until the next session. 1 so under-
stood.
Mr. SUMNER. I will explain it.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 simply desire to say in ad-
dition to what the Senator from Illinois has said,
that to-day the judges in the State of California
reccive only forty per cent, upon the amount
stated by law to be their salary owing to the dis-
parity in the currency. Now, shall we increase
the salary of these officers and pass by those of
whom I have spoken?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on taking up the bill. It is not yet before the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to answer the
remarks that Senators have made if it be in order,
and very briefly.
Mr. CONNESS. They understand it. Let
us vote.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from California,
who has made his argument, who has attacked
the bill, says Senators understand it. I do not
wish to take up time on this matter, but it is in-
trusted to me in the order of business. This ap-
propriation, which is very small, comes recom-
mended from two different Departments of the
Government, the Department of State and the
Department of the Interior. It has been under
the caiefui consideration of the Committee on
Foreign Relations of this body, and in obedience
to a genera! rule which they adopted at the begin-
ning of the session, they forbore to make any rec-
ommendation with regard to it. That general rule
was, that notwithstanding we had applications
from almost every quarter of the globe for an in-
crease of salary, we would make no recommend-
ation in that direction. Meanwhile the House of
Representatives have acted on the double recom*
mendation of the two Departments of the Gov-
ernment, and have sent us this bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to ask the
Senator whether it was not understood in com-
mittee that it should be postponed unul the next
session ?
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
I am coming to that. The bill was duly referred
to the committee of which the Senator is a mem-
ber. It was considered by them again, and they
directed me to repoit it to the Senate with a rec-
ommendation that it pass. That is the histoi y of
the measure.
Since then I have been addressed at least twice
by the Secretary of the Interior, who takes a
particular interest in this matter. The Senate
is aware that the supervision of what js done
for the arrest of the slave trade is placed in the
Department of the interior. He has satisfied
himself that this addition ought to be made. The
Secretary of State is of the same opinion. It is
to meet the ease in only two places, Sierra Leone
and the Cape of Good Hope. The first place is
singularly inhospitable and disagreeable; a place
not agreeable to visit; and the pay of the judge
theie is $2,500, and of the arbitrator $2,000. A
similar salary is allowed at the Cape of Good
Hope. The statements from both of these places
are that these gentlemen cannot subsist on those
salaries;and the question is whether, having; come
into these treaty stipulations with Great Britain
for the constitution of this court at these two
different places, we do not owe it to good faith
to put our officers there on such a footing that
they can at luast live. It is proposed to raise the
salaries of each $1,000; to make the salaiyof the
judges $3,500 instead of $2,500, and of the arbi-
trators $3,000 instead of ยง2,000. That is the
story.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Is it in order to move
to postpone this motion?
Mr.SUMNER. The question is on takingitup.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itis in order, in
the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Then 1 move to post-
pone this motion until the first Monday in De-
cember next.
The motion was agreed to.
passengers on steamships.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 510, which was
laid over yesterday.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to make a report from a committee of conference?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir, as soon as my mo-
tion is nut.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to know
what the bill is.
The Secretary read the title of the bill, as fol-
lows: "A bill further to regulate the carriage of
passengers on steamships and other vessels."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to postpone
that motion until the first Monday of December
next.
Mr. CONNESS. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. There will be more time
spent in this way than it would take to puss the
bill. 1 hope the Senator from Kansas will with-
draw his motion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am willing to do
so if we can get a vote without discussion.
Mr. CONNESS. I will agree nottodiscussit.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. How is it with your
colleague? I want to call up the resolution for
an adjournment as soon as I can get the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator will allow
me to say a word, I believe there is no opposition
to this bill. It is a matter peculiarly relating to
the State of California. I do not propose to dis-
cuss it. I have said all that I desire to say upon it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the understand-
ing that there is to be no discussion I will with-
draw my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can only
be withdrawn by common consent, the yeas and
nays having been ordered. The Chair hears no
objection. The question now is on taking up the
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We were notified yester-
day by the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Ten
Eyck,] who is a member of the Committee on
Commerce that reported this bill,that it involved
very important considerations, and that it was
understood by them that it was not to be acted
upon at this session. I hope, therefore, it will *
not be taken up.
Mr. CONNESS. I call on the Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Sprague] for a statement in
relation to that point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
Jersey. 1
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; the Senator from
Rhode Island, who reported the bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 had the honor of reporting
the bill. It was not the intention of the committee
that it should not be acted upon at this session,
but that it should be reported favorably from the
committee and the matter brought before the Sen-
ate that they might hear what the Senators who
were the advocates of this bill had to say in favor
of it. The attorneys of the lines, both on the At-
lantic and Pacific side, who were adverse to the
biil appeared b'J'ore the committee, and the state-
ments which those attorneys made were putin
wnting and have been laid before the Senate ac-
companying this bill. The committee reported
the bill favorably. They did so with a view of
obtaining from those who advocated the bill in-
formation as to the necessity of its passage. I
must be permitted to say, however, they were
not favorable to giving then votes to it until they
received some information from the Senators who
were in favor of it, they having heard but one
.side of the question; but under the circumstances,
the measure being so important to the interests
of California, they deemed it proper and right that
the question should be placed before Senate. It
was believed that it had merit, and that that merit
