1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1531
neither the reason for asking to be excused from
voting nor any other debate is ever entered upon
the Journal.
Mr, BROWN, of Wisconsin. That is a part
of my motion. I now move to correct the Jour-
nal by adding to what is entered there the fol-
lowing:
For the reason that with the view of securing a full sup-
pot t to the resolution he had a«kcd the gentleman who in-
ttoduced it to modify it by striking out a certain word so as
to nuke it pitK'ly a vote of censure. *
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there is no «uch instance known in his experience,
or in that of those near him, in the Journals of
Congress; but the Chair has no doubt of the right
of the gentleman to make the motion, the same as
be would have to move to have his vviiole speech
inserted in the Jout nal, if he can obtain a vote for it.
The question was put on the motion to amend,
and it was decided m the negative.
Mr. HARRINGTON, i ask unanimous con-
sent to make a suuenientof my vote upon the res-
olution of censure of Satuiday, as it was reduced
to writing and voted on.
Mr. WILSON. I object.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I should have voted
differently if the language had been so changed. I
voted for the resolution based on the language as
it stood before correction this morning.
Mr. UALDWUN, of Michigan. 1 notice that
my name is not tecotded on the vote ofcensuie. I
voted in the affirmative. I ask to have the record
amended accoidingly.
The coireetion was made accoidingly.
Mr, HOOPER. My name, I find, is not re-
corded on the same vote. 1 voted in the affirm-
ative, and ask that the correction be made.
The correction was made accoidingly.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
War, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the House, copies of the report of Major
General U. S. Grant of the battle of Chattanooga,
and all the repot ts of sub-commandets which have
been received; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be punted.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular or-
der of business, to call the committees for reports
to be refertedand not to be brought back by mo-
tions to reconsider.
DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from th" Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back an act(H. R. No. 40)
making appropriations for the consular and dip-
lomatic expenditures of the Government for the
yearendmg 30th June, 1865; which was refetred
to the Committee of the Whole House, and ordeted
to be printed.
AMASA JIOLDHN.
On motion of Mr. PRICE, the Committee on
Militaiy Affaiis was dischaiged ftoiH the further
consideration of the petition uf Amasa Holden, a
revolutionary soldier asking for a pension; and
the same was referred to the Committee on inva-
lid Pensions.
MRS. SIIIRCLIFF.
Mr. WIIALEY, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Mary
Shircliff; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
EMILY A. LYON.
Mr. WIIALEY, ftom the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Emily
A. Lyon; whi^h was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be punted.
WILLIAM IiUllNS.
Mr. WIIALEY, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Wil-
liam Burns; which was read a fust and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
EDWARD WILLIAMS.
Mr. WHALEY, ftom the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the rchef of
Edward Williams; which was iead a.fitst and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee ofthc Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
PETER NAVARRE.
Mr. WHALEY, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a, bill for the relief of
Peter Navarre; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
MARY SCALES ACEARDI,
Mr. WHALEY, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Mary Scales Aceardi; which was read a first and
second tune, referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
CALL OF STATES.
The call ofcommittees having been concluded,
the Speaker proceeded, as the business next in
otder, to call the States for resolutions &1mL bills
for reference, commencing with the State oFMaine.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. HOOPER introduced a bill to provide n
national currency, secured by a pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof; which was read a first
and second time, and oidered to be printed, and
its consideration postponed until Saturday next,
after the morning hour.
MERCANTILE MARINE.
Mr. ELIOT introdneed a resolution, winch was
read, considered, and agreed to, instructing the
Committee on Commerce to inquiie what legisla-
tion, if any, is exped tent to secure for the mercan-
tile maiine service of the United States educated
and competent ofiicersand seamen; with leave to
repoi t by bill or otheiwise.
NAVY-YAItD ON TI1E DELAWARE.
Mr. RROOMALL introduced a resolution re-
questing the Committee on Naval Affairs to report
a bill foi the locating arid building a navy-yard and
naval depot on the Delaware river in Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Is it in order
to move a reference of the resolution?
The SPEAKER, it is.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move its ref-
erence to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mi. WILSON. I rise to debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then it goes over, under the
rule.
DEATH OF JOIIN C. HIVES.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, we have nil
hoard, I suppose, of the death of a very amiable
officer of this House. Although I never move or
vote for an adjournment of the House to attend
any funeral unless tho deceased is connected with
the House, yet, Mr. Rives being an officer of this
body, I deem it proper to move that when the
House adjoui ns to-rnoirow it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next, so as to give the members and
employed ofthc House on opportunity to attend
the funeral of John C. Rives.
The SPEAKER. The motion can only be
made by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I hope there will be
no objection.
Members on both sides of the House. No ob-
jection. Agreed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and by unanimous consent it is ordered that
when the House adjourns to-morrow it adjourn
to meet on Thursdayat twelve o'clock, m.
BOARD OF NAYAL ADMINISTRATION".
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, introduced a bill to
establish a board of naval administration; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Allans.
AMENDMENT OF RULES.
Mr. SCHENCK off. red a resolution instruct-
ing the Committee on Rules to inquire into the
expediency of amending the 31st rule of this
House by adopting therefor the following; and to
report at as early a day as practicable, by rule or
of rift wise:
Anil ifcniy moinber, present within tlic bar of the House
when a vote by yeas and nays is Ltkci, shall ne«rlect orre-
iuse to answer to his name when called, lie not having
been prevtoU'Jj excu>ed by the House, ami that fact shall
lie bought to the notice of the Speakci by any membct nn-
incdi;.t< ly aUer the learim? oi the vote by the Cleik, the
Speaker '•hail then direct the name of the member not vot-
ing to be eall< d t «ain by the Oieil%. arid it stud mcmbci still
declines to answer, the Speakei r-hall thcieupon ?ubniitto
the House for Its consideration and action as a question of
puvilege what outer shall be taken in the case of such re-
cn-ant member; and no other motion or business shall be
entertained till the ease is disposed of.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I rise to debate the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. Then it goes over, under tho
rule.
AMENDMENT OP THE CONSTITUTION.
_ Mr. CRAVENS offered the following resolu-
tions, and moved the previous question on their
adoption:
Resolved, That in the present condition of the country*
when the passions of the people are inflamed and their
piejudices are excited, it is unwise and dangerous to at-
tempt to alter or amend the Constitution of the United
States; that ample power is contained within its limits as
it now exists to protect the national life, and the exercise
of powei not warranted by its piovt&ions would be toetrter
the field of revolution, and dangerous to the liberties ot
the people, tending to the establishment of military despot-
ism and the final overthrow of free government in America.
Resolved, That any attempt by Congress to reduce States
to the condition ot Territories is as odious and as revolu-
tionary in icharacter and tendency as secession itself.
Resolved, That it is the duty of the Government to listen
to and consider any proportion for reconciliation that may
be offered by the insurgents which does not involve the
question of reparation.
Resohed, That the thanks of the nation are due, and are
heieby tendered, to the-officers, soldiers, and seamen who
have so gallantly borne our flag in this hour of peril to our
country.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WILSON. I rise to debate the resolu-
tions.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolutions go over,
under the rule.
PUBLIC LANDS IN IOWA.
Mr. MORRISON offered a resolution calling
upon the Secretary of the Treasury to furnish to
the House at as early a day as possible informa-
tion showing, first, the amount received into the
Treasury of the United States from the two.per
cent, fund, arising from the net proceeds of the
sales of public lands made in the State of Illinois
since January 1, 1819, ana reserved in her ena-
bling act for road purposes; giving the dates from
time to time when so received, and the respective
amountof each payment opposite such dates; sec-
ondly, whether anything is charged in the Treas-
ury Department against any fund, orany offsets
exist against it there, and if so, when and how did
such charges occur or were such offsets made, and
upon what basis, stating particularly the amounts
and dates of said charges or offsets, and the re-
spective times, mode, or manner in which such
two per cent, fund was expended, and where, if
at nil, and the evidence of such expenditure, and
the authority therefor.
The SPEAKER. This being a resolution call-
ing for information from one of the Executive De-
partments, requires unanimous consent. Is there
objection?
"Mr. ASHLEY* I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution lies over,
under the rule.
BREVET BANK.
Mr. FARNSWORTH offered a resolution in-
structing the Clerk of the House to communicate
to the President of the United States the copy of
a resolution passed by this House on the 29th of
January last, requesting him, if not incompatible
with the public service, to give certain informa-
tion as to the conferring of brevet rank on officers
of volunteer*, and respectfully to call the atten-
tion of the President, to the- fact that no answer
has yet been made to the resolution; and moved
the previous question on its adoption.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oideied; and under its operation
the resolution was agreed to.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. PRIGGS offered a resolution stating that
Saturday last had been setapartfor consideration
of reports from the Committee on Public Lands
and had been consumed by other-business, and
resolving that Saturday next be set apart after the
morning hour for the consideration of bills from
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That re-
quires unanimous consent
The SPEAKER. Yes; or a two-thirds vote
aftor tho morning hour has expired.
Mr. DRiGGfS. I will alter the resolution l>y
fixing Thursday, instead of Saturday.
