THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
there we therefore for their benefit put a heavy
tax on an article of necessity that is used but not
made there? Who would suffer, let me ask the
Senator, in that case, the manufacturer wlio put
on the increased price or the purchaser in the
Northwest who had to pay the increased price in
order to use the article ? The Senator will see that
the whole of it goes upon a totally different sys- j
tenr. Let me tell hinvthatin England the tax on !
spirituous liquors is more than double what we
propose to put on here, and it was for a time a
constantly increasing"tax; and yet the production
increased with it; nobody was injured, but the
Government was benefited.
This is an article of luxury in a very great de-
gree. So far as it is not it is an article used in
rhanufactures; and where is it used in manufac-
tures? Is it used in the Northwest or on the At-
lantic border in the States where manufactures
exist—I mean in the greatest proportions? And
if it is used on the Atlantic border, and the tax is
put on that which is used in manufactures among
us, who pays the tax in the first instance? The
manufacturer who buys the article. Who pays
the tax in the second instance and in the last?
The consumer who uses the article, and not the
producer who originally pays the tax.
So I say that I cannot possibly do the honor-
able Senator's intelligence the injustice to suppose
that he intends the speech he has made here with
reference to principles so obvious, based upon
such ideas as he has advanced, for anything else
than campaign use instead of applying to the bill
itself. Why, sir, let me tell him that of all the
gentlemen who appeared before the committee
from the Northwest, the largest distillers there,
representing the interests of Indiana, Illinois, and
Ohio upon this very point, it was not suggested
by one of them that any tax we put upon whisky
was taxing a sectional interest, and that therefore
we ought to tax in the same relative proportion
everything else that is made in every other sec-
tion of the country, and which they must buy and
put upon their backs, in order Lo equalize the bur-
den upon them. Thnf is, because \vu tax their pro-
duction m the first instance, which tax will be re-
funded to them by those who use the production,
we must therefore burden them still more by tax-
ins: other articles, which tax they are compelled
to pay in the last instance for articles of neces-
sity.
JSo, then, my answer to the Senator in relation
to' that matter is obvious. We tax this as an ar-
ticle of luxury. We tax it because all experience
has shown that the tax which has been put upon
it has never affected the question of pioduelion in
any way; ami let me say to him now that all that
the distillers of the North west requested of us was
that we should not tax the article on hand. They
did not allude in the'fact that they would he in-
jured or touched by a tax upon production. They
asked for a fax upon production in the first place,
willingly submitted to it, and the distillers who
were before us two years ago said it would bear
a much htghei tax than the twenty cuts we put
upoli it at that time, and expenence has shown
that it would. It has not been affected in the
slightest possildo degree; and why? Because if
is very weli known that men who use liquor as a
beverage will not hesitate about a cent or two a
glass, even if the tax came upon them; but in
point of faet it is well known that if you take a
gallon of whisky and divide it up into drinks it
will bear twice or three times the tax it does now,
and yet pay the retailer a large profit. That is
perfectly well undeisfood, and the Senator may
easily calculate it for himself.
There is nothing, then, in the Senator's aigu-
menton this subject, and I say so with all respect
to him. It does not apply; and more especially
does not his argument apply that because you tax
an article of luxury which people will have, and
which it has been demonstrated by experience is
not affected by any amount of tax that has been
put upon it or that we propose to put upon it,
therefore, tor the good of his constituents, we
must tax everything they wear in the same pro-
portion, and increase the burdens of living upon
them, simply because most of those articles hap-
pen to be made in another section of the country.
Sir, I deprecate all these sectional appeals, es-
pecially when they are so unfounded. Let me
warn Senators that the difficulty under which we
are laboring at the present time, the rebellion that :
is upon us, the trouble that this country is suffer-
ing under, has arisen by the constant iteration
and reiteration of talk about sections, about one
interest and another interest, and the endeavor to
excite a sort of feeling as if one interest was work-
ing against another. 1 hope that my friends from
the Northwest will not begin at this early day,
until we have settled the other questions, or my
friends from the East, where I live myself, if it
ever comes from there, to raise any question with
reference to the separate interests of the various
parts of the country, as if one was disregarded
while the other was sustained. Sir, I do not be-
lieve there is any such feeling among the people,
and there never will be unless it is got up for po-
litical purposes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I have but
one or two words to say in reply to the Senator
from Maine. The argument which he has pre-
sented to the Senate is an old one. At first it seems
to have force that a tax imposed upon a produc-
tion falls upon the consumer entirely. I admit,
and I admitted so in the course of the remarks
which I had the honor to submit to the Senate,
that during the war, while the currency is inflated,
that is the effect; but when the times are changed,
when the currency is reduced, when hard times
come upon the country, that is not the case. Then
the producer has to share in the burden that is
imposed with the consumer. It cannot be true
that you can tax that which is produced from
corn and yet not burden that inteiest. But I do
not propose to discuss that point further. My
proposition is, as I stated before, that the liquor
produced in the North west and in other localities
out of northwestern corn will, in the present state
of the country and of the currency, admit of a
heavy burden; but when the currency is reduced
it will not boar this burden, and it will be hard
upon the corn-growing section of the country.
Upon another subject, to which the Senator has
alluded, I desire to say a woid. He deprecates
sectional appeals. He cannot do that more earn-
estly than 1; but the Senator will allow me to say
that words do not cause the ill-feeling between
sections. Tlmtfeehng is pioduced by measures.
No Senator, by what he says in this body, can
make one section of the country love anothersec-
tiou le*x,orbe less devoted to the union of all the
States, Even if I had so bad a heait as to desire
such a thin**, [ could not hope to be able to do
that by anything I could say. But, sir, any Sen-
ator who gives a vote that will impose the bur-
dens of Government unjustly, produces the state
of things which tjie Senator deprecates; and be-
cause 1 love this Union, because I wish these States
to icmain together in harmony and affection, 1
will oppose now, and while I have the honor to
hold a seat in this body, every unequal distribu-
tion ofthe burdens of Government. If there had
been no other reason than this one now suggested
1 should oppose this measure. The Senator can-
not expect that the Northwest will be entirely
content to bear an unequal portion of the burdens
of Government. I think that section of countiy
has shown that it is ready and willing to brants
fair pi oportion. U has not objected to the tax
that was imposed two ye.ii s a^o, because that tax
was upon an adjustment of t lie but dens upon the
xevetal in teres is of the country; and i ask the Sen-
ator why that same course is not pursued now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I deny utfeily that the
tax bill had any refeience to the several sections
of the country. It had iefeience to the articles,
and was imposed according as the interests of the
whole country required that the taxes should be
laid upon the different articles. We did not ask
oui selves whether this comes from the Northwest,
and this fiom the East, and this from the South,
&c., but what tax will the article hear consist-
ently with the interests of the whole country. It
was no adjustment with icference to different sec-
tions. We did not dream of sections. That is an
imagination of the Senator. He frames his whole
argument upon an assumption, and not upon any
facts that exist. We took it as a principle that
all taxes, unless they went to an unreasonable ex-
tent, must fall upon the consumer. To be sure,
it was supposed with regard to some things, not
with regard to whisky, because if there is one
article in the whole catalogue where the tax falls
exclusively upon the consumer it is whisky, but
with regard to other articles, articlcs'of manufac-
ture, it was doubted whether it would be so: but
as to whisky nobody who knew anything about
, the subject had any doubt about it at all.
' Mr. HENDRICKS. What I stated was be-
• cause 1 found in the act of July I, 1862, a law
I which adjusted the burdens of Government upon
the several interests of the country, and 1 pre-
! sumed that the Senator, as chairman of the Com-
i mittee on Finance, had considered what was the
! burden that each interest of the countiy ought to
bear. I supposed that lie considered how much
it 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to ask him whether there is not a very great
difference between "the several interests of the
country,'5 and "the several sections of the coun-
try?" His speech had reference to "sections."
Now he has got it " interests."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I have not changed my position at all. I
have spoken of the several interests of the country.
I spoke of the production of liquor as being a mat-
ter of great interest to the Northwest. I said thai
it would bear a burden at the present time which
three or four years from this time it cannot bear
without great loss to the men who labor to pro-
duce corn.
Mr. GRIMES. Cannotthelaw be changed then?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Perhaps it can, but lam
afraid it will not be. I said that two years ago
the taxes were distributed upon the several inter-
ests of the country. That is what I said before,
and I repeat it; and I wanted to know of the Sen-
ator why the same course was notpursued now.
If it was found right two years ago that liquor
should be taxed twenty cents on the gallon, and
that cotton productions should be taxed three per
cent., why has not the same course been adopted
now? And if you increase the tax on liquor two
i hundred per cent., why not make a like increase
i of the taxes on the other productions of the
! country?
I Mr. FESSENDEN. I will answer right here.
; I did not think the question meant more than the
i otheis, and I did not answer it before, it is simply
because some articles will bear increased taxation
and other articles will not. From some cuticles
we can raise a larger revenue; some we cannot
raise a larger revenue from without laying too
heavy burdens upon the country.
But with reference to this particular bill and the
reason why it is urged now; I will say that it is
the beginningof legislation. Unquestionably the
i whole law will be revised; but it was thought ex-
pedientasthiswas so large an interest,and spec-
i: ulations were going on from day to day upon the
i subject,and it was growing more and more diffi-
i' cult and more and more involved, to take it up
! immediately and lay the tax. It does not follbw
■! that we shall not correct the general bill if any-
|( thing can be found to apply a correction to. The
■\ Committee of Ways and Means are endeavoring
to fmd other articles upon which an increased bur-
\ den can be laid, and from which additional reve-
!i nue may be derived.
| Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought when I lead
this bill that the same course ought to be now
pursued that was pursued two years ago. if a
I j pioduction of the Northwest is to be taxed, let us
j j know for what amount of revenue the tax is to be
|' imposed. I asked the Senator how much addi-
tional revenue it was desired to realize by the in-
crease of the taxes. Of couise we can only know
that when he brings in his entire measure; when
he proposes to tax not only whisky but the other
interests of the country. Then wc can tell what
his measure is, butuntil the entire measure issub-
j mitted to the Senate, we cannot judge whethei the
: adjustment is equal to the different sections.
! When I spoke of the interests of the North-
: west I did not speak with a view of exciting any
| sectional prejudice. I have always deprecated
that; I hope while I hold a seat here to con-
| tinue toMleprecate it; but I repeat to the Sen-
ator that if he wishes to maintain friendly mJa-
! tions between the two sections every burden of
1 the Government must be imposed equally upon
I the different interests of the country; "let the
I Northwest bear its burden equally with the other
J sections, and then she will chcerfully discharge
, her full duty; but if it be not equal, the Senator
very well knows what is the effect. A law that
is not equal cannot receive a cordial support, and
efforts will be constantly made through the ballot-
box and through public meetings to bring about
