1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
3485
The committee of conference amended that sec-
tion by exempting the States of Tennessee, Ar-
kansas, and Louisiana from its operation, it
was represented that the House of Representa-
tives had over and over again distinctly voted on
this question and would not retreat if the bill was
lost, and it was maintained very strongly that it
should stand in this form. The Senate commit-
tee, representing the sentiment of the Senate as
nearly as possible, insisted that it should not be
retained, but finally agreed to it with an amend-
ment exempting from its operation Tennessee,
whore we have raised some twenty or twenty-five
regiments, Arkansas, where we have raised seven
or eight regiments, and Louisiana, where we have
also laised several regiments; so that the section
will now apply, if the report should be adopted,
to Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, and
Texas.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I call for the reading of
the fifth section as it will stand if this report
should be adopted.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Srcc. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the twentieth
section of the act entitled <vAri act to amend an act entitled
'An act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and
tor other purposes,'" approved February 24, 1864, shall be
construed to mean that the Secretary ot War shall dis-
clmige minors under the age of eighteen yeais under the
nreiiustanccs and on the conditions presci ibed in said sec-
tion ; and hereafter3 if any otiicer of the United States
•-hall enli-t or inu tei into the military service any person
under iho age of sixteen year?, with or without the con-
sent of his parent or guaidian. such person so efiltsted or
recruited shall be immediately discharged upon repayment
of all bounties received; and such leciuiting or mustering
officer who shall knowingly enlist any person under six-
teen years of age shall be dismissed the seivice, with for-
feiture of all pay and allowances, and shall be subject to
such fuither punishment as a court-maitial may dneet.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why was the word <£ know-
ingly" whete it first occurs stricken out of that
section ?
Mr. WILSON. The word " knowingly" was
stricken out by a vote of the Senate the other
night when we had the bill under consideration.
It was thought best to strike it out for this rea-
son: if an officer enlists a minor under sixteen
years of age without knowing it, that is no rea-
son why the minor should not be discharged.
Mi. JOHNSON. It has nothing to do with
the punishment of the officer?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; nothing at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think the Sen-
ate ought to concur in this report. If there was
any one question upon which the Senate ex-
pressed a positive opinion it was upon this ques-
tion as to whether the executive officers of the dif-
ferent States should be allowed to send agents into
the States in rebellion with a view of filling up
their quota with negroes in those States. As I
undeistood from the aigument, it was esteemed
by the Senate a most objectionable feature of the
House bill. Under that provision, Indiana will
send heragents down perhaps and meet theagents
of Massachusetts in the State of North Carolina,
or in such portions of that State as these agents may
be able to reach, and then commences a disgrace-
ful struggle between these two States as to which
shall get the most negroes to fill up the places that
ought to be filled by the men of Indiana and Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. But they are credited
to the States from which they are taken.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; they are to he
credited to the States that secure their enlistment.
This section will now read:
That it shall be lawful for the Executive of any of the
States to send recruiting agents into any of the States, ex-
cept Tennes&ee, Loui&wna, and Atkansas, declared to be
in rebellion, to icciuit volunteers under any call under the
provisions of this act, who shall be credited to the State, and
to the respective subdivisions theieof, which maypiocuie
tiie enlistment.
I will ask the Senator from Massachusetts if
I lead it correctly.
Mr WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from In-
diana will move to accept all the other portions
of the report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot do that; we
must take it as a whole.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I shall vote against u,
and let us raise another committee.
Mr. WILSON. 1 wish to say this: the com-
miuee on the part of the House ofReprosentativog
etajed distinctly that on that question (ho wlmlo
bill turned, and its defeat was inevitable without
that action on it. The Senator from Indiana, a
member of the committee, who had strenuously
resisted that action in the Senate, finally yielded
to that amendment and agreed to it with this
amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Who was that?
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Lane, of Indiana, who
was opposed to thissection; but with the exemp-
tion of these three States, he agreed to accept it.
We compromised it in that way,and in that way
alone the committee came to an agreement.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, early
in the war a policy was adopted by which the
States were allowed to buy arms, the United
States finally assuming to pay the cost of those
arms. The result was that Indiana, Illinois, and
the other States metin the common market; they
became competing purchasers, and the price of
arms went up more than one hundred per cent;
and that very arrangement cost the Government
perhaps millions ofdollars. We shall have a more
disgraceful scene than that presented to us under
this bill. We shall see the agents of Indiana,
Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, and all the
States that wish to relieve their own population
from the burden of this war, in thesouthern States
competing for negroes to fill up their regiments
instead of the men of those respective States. It
is disgraceful enough, according to my judgment,
not according to the judgment of some Senators,
to bring the negro into the Army at all; but when
the several States become competing purchasers
of the negroes to fill up the ranks, I think the
scene will be unparalleled in this or any other
country.
What is a draft? It is a call upon the men of
the respective States for a certain number, of men.
If the States are to be allowed to secure negroes
as mercenary troops to fill up those places and
have competing agents to secure such a supply
to iho Army, as was well said the other day by
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Brown,] and I
thought his words were full of wisdom on this
subject, this very provision will defeat your con-
scription and the filling up of your Army. In-
stead of obtaining white men who can win bat-
tles, you will secure and supply to your Army
negioes right fiom the plantations. What do
you want now? Men of intelligence; men who
will not only endure the fatigues of camp life,
but with such intelligence as that they may read-
ily become soldiers.
As was asked the other day by the Senator
from Missouri, are you to take the negroes who
will be secured in South Carolina and North Car-
olina and put them in the depleted white regi-
ments? That cannot be without a mutiny so far
as Indiana troops aie concerned. They are men
of pride as well as of courage. They have illus-
trated their pride and their courage upon every
battle-field to which they have been called. You
cannot fill up the white regiments by the negroes
that will be bought up by the competing agents
of the States in the southern States.
Then the only possible way in which they can
be used will be to make entire new regiments out
of these negro troops; and what are they worth
for the first year'1 Did not the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs say to the Senate
the other day that new regiments for the first year
would not be worth much to the Army, but that
if good men were enlisted and distributed into the
regiments that are now organized, veteran regi-
ments, the new troops would be almost as valua-
ble as the old troops ? But that very purpose and
policy will be defeated if this entire enlistment or
draft is to be supplied with colored troops. Then
you must have entire new regiments with a new
organization; they cannot be incorporated into
the veteran regiments; and you will defeat the
very purpose of this conscription. This is not
my argument. It was the argument presented
the other day with so much force and eloquence
by the Senator from Missouri.
I object to it in part bccausc I think Indiana
will not enter into this stiuggie. Her represent-
atives in the House of Representatives and m this
body have not asked for such a provision, and I
think her Executive will scarcely venture to rep-
resent her people with agents m the southern
States to buy up negroes to fill up her quota.
What will be the efi'ectr Other States that are
so clamorous for this provision will send their
agents down into the southern States; they will
supply their quota with negroes to offset against
the white men of the State of Indiana and orother
northern States that will not enter into this con-
test and this struggle. They cannot well do it.
They do not know how to do it. They have no
money appropriated for such a purpose."
But the Senator from Massachusetts has told
the Senate as the only argument which should
control the judgment of the Senate in favor of
agreeing to this report, that there are members
of the House of Representatives who will not
agree to the bill at all without this provision. I
should like the Senator to have told this body
what States are so represented, what States say
there shall be no conscription unless they are al-
lowed to go into the southern States and fill up
their numbers in that way. I understand it is
the State represented by the Senator in this body.
It is known to the Senate that I am entirely
opposed to repealingthe commutation clause; but
I do not choose to refer to that in this discussion.
If it is the judgment of the Senate that it should
be repealed, of course I bow to the judgment of
the Senate on that subject. But it is the judg-
ment of the Senate, deliberately expressed and by
a very large vote, that the States should not be
allowed to send their agents down into the south-
ern States to fill up theif ranks with negroes.
I wish to call the attention of Senators who are
earnest for a vigorous prosecution of the war and
to make this campaign a success to this subject.
Suppose Massachusetts is called upon for five
thousand men and Massachusetts furnishes five
thousand white men. They are new recruits; and
standing alone in new regiments are not worth
much, as the chairman said himself, for this cam-
paign; but taken and distributed among the other
Massachusetts regiments they are worth almost
as much as five thousand veterans. But instead
of getiing that valuable service under the con-
scription, this proposition is that Massachusetts
may go into the southern States and buy up five
thousand negroes who must be organized into
new regiments and be unavailable for the coming
year. I address this argument to Senators wiio
feel some responsibility touching this campaign.
This icport ought to be defeated, and I hope it
will be. 1 ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Claik, Foot, Foner, Hale,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas. Morgan, Mor-
ull, i'onieroy, Kanisey, Sumner, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—1G.
NAYS—Messrs. liuckalevv, Carhle, Comiess, Cowan,
Davit., Hendeison, Ilendiiolts, Ilicli«, MciSmijall, E'owell,
Kiddle, Sanisliuiy, Sliennan, Sprngue, Ten Eyek, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, and Willey—IB.
ABSENT—Mc«si3. Brown, Chandler, ColUmcr, Dixon,
Iloolutle, Fes-enden, Oumes, Harding, IIarl.ni, Hams,
Howard, Howe, Nrsmitli, Richardson, and Wright—lo.
So the report was non-concurrcd in.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 move 
Mr. CONNESS. There is a question before
the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to postpone
all prior orders and proceed to the consideration
of the con current resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives in relation to the adjournment of
Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the subject of the
enrollment bill passes from the Senate J will move
that another committee of conference be asked for
on the part of the Senate.
Mr. McDOCJGALL. I desire to call the at-
tention of the President of the Senate to what has
transpired. My colleague had the floorand sub-
mitted a motion to take up a certain bill, and he
waived it to allow the Senator from Massachu-
setts to make this report.
Mr. CONNESS. The yeas and nays have
been called on my motion, and pending that by
unanimous consent this report was presented.
That is the condition of things now. I am willing
to yield still further to allow tin appointment of
another committee of conference. 1 think the
motion of the Senator fiom Ohio is right.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 believe the motion I have
submitted is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The repot!
of the committee of conference was received by
( unanimous consent. After the report was dis-
! posed of the Senator from Kansas rose in Ins
i! place and moved to postpone all prior orders and
