18G4.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1538
No objection being made, leave was gianted
aecoidiri^ly, and Mr. Norton recorded his vote
in the affirmative on the several resolutions.
Mr. VOORHEES. I was called out of the
House on Saturday on the last vote by sickness.
1 ask leave to record my vote.
Leave was granted accordingly,and Mr. Voor-
hles lecordtd his vote in the negative on the
resolution of censure.
Air. 'I1UBBARD, of Connecticut. I ask to be
excused h oin further service upon the Committee
on Patents. My impaired health makes it de-
sirable that T should abstain from the labors of
that committee.
No objection being made, Mr. Hubbard was
excused accordingly.
Mr. SLOAN. 1 ask unanimous consent to re-
oot<i my vote upon the two resolutions of Satur-
day in ref rence to the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. ANCONA. I object in reference to the
first lesolution.
Mr. SLOAN. Then I ask leave to record it
upon the second resolution.
No objection was mad« , and Mr. Sloan re-
corded his vote in the affirmative on the vote of
censure.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I ask the permission
of the House to record my vote on the resolution
of censure of Saturday. I went out of thellall
upon a matter of indispensable importance, and
did not teiurn in time 10 lecord my vote.
Mr. ROBINSON. 1 object to L-uty fui ther votes
being recorded.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I will .say thatl would
have voted for the resolution of censure.
Mr. ROLL INS, of Missouri, stated that had he
been piesent on Saturday he would have voted
for the resolution of censure.
A]r. O'jN El LL, of Pennsylvania, stated that had
lie been permuted to vote, he would have voted
in the affirmative upon both the lesolutions of
Saturday.
Mr. STUART. I desire to say, in consequence
of what t he gentleman fiom Pennsylvania has said,
that it 1 had voted at all, I would have voted in
the affirmative on the resolution of censure.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER stated that the business next
in order was t he bill (H. R. No. 5) granting pub-
lic lands to the Pacific Railroad Company to aid
in the consfi uction of a railroad and telegraph
line to the Pacific coast by the northern toad.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, with the spe-
cial older before the House to-day there will be
no time to make any progress with this bill: nor
am 1 sufficiently well to attend to it. I desire to
have it go over until to-moi l ow; or if that be ob-
jected to, I will move to postpone it till this day
week.
Mr. WILSON- I do not desire to object, but
I would state to the gentleman that I would pre-
fer to have it postponed till next Monday.
Mr. STEVENS. Veiy well; it makes no dif-
ference. I therefore move tlTat it be postponed
tiil next Monday.
Mi. ARNOLD. I have no objection to the
postponement, but I object to iis being made a
ap< cial order.
Mr. STEVENS. It is n special order now.
I do not at>k it to be put in a different position to
that which it now occupies.
The question was put on the postponement of
the bill nil Monday next: and it w*is agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Calendar is now ex-
hausted of all the business pertaining to Monday.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF A MEMBER.
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. Mr.Spenker,
I believe that tiie question which was pending on
the resolution offered by the gentleman from In-
diana [Mi. Colfax] on Satuiday was postponed
until two o'clock to-day. As there seems to be
nothing now before the House I move that by
unanimous consent the question be now taken up.
There being no objection, (Mr. Rolling, of i
New Hampshire, taking the chair as Speaker pro
tempore,) the House proceeded to the considera-
tion of the resolution offered by Mr. Colfax on
Saturday last to expel the gentleman fiom Ohio,
[Air. Lo\'g.]
Mr. BLISS. Mr. Speaker, I trust that after
the quiet and sober meditations of the Sabbath
which lias intervened since the last discussion of
the question now hefoie the House, we shall bo
ableand disposed to regard each side of the prop-
osition itrthc light of its merits and attendant cir-
cumstances, and to dispose of it in the cool blood of
uneXcited passion.
I cannot but think that the worthy Speaker of
this House, instead of hastily introducing this res-
olution in a moment of excited sentiment, should
have taken time to deliberate upon the subject
and have made himself better acquainted with the
facts upon which his accusation is founded.
The first clause of the preamble of the resolu-
tion of expulsion alleges that—
On the 8th day of April, 1864, when the House of Rep-
resentatives was in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, AlexandfrLono, a Representative in Con-
gress from the second district ot Ohio, declaied himself in
favor of recognizing the independence and nationality of
the so-called confederacy, liowm aims against the Union.
And after two other clauses of allegation comes
this resolution:
Resolved, That the said Alexander Lono, a Repre-
sentative horn the second dish ict of Ohio, having on the 8th
ol April, 1SG4.declared himselt in lavor of recognizing the
independence and nationality o( the so-called confederacy
now in aims against the Union, and theiehy given aid, coun-
tenance, and encouragement to persons engaged in armed
hostility to the United States, is hereby expelled.
The woids of the gentleman from Ohio princi-
pally relied upon to sustain the charging part of
the resolution are the following:
ul now believe that there are but two alternatives, ami
they arc either an acknowledgment of the independence of
the South in an independent nation, or their complete sub-
jugation and extermination as a people, and of these alterna-
tives I preicr the former."
These words are said to be treasonable, show-
ing a state of mind prejudiced against the cause
of our Government and partial to the enemy
with whom we arc at war. If such be the import
of the words, their utterance cannot be tolerated;
but it seems to me, upon a fair consideration of
the words and their connections, and of the whole
speech, that the mover of this resolution was
much mistaken in the estimate which heputupon
the substance of the thought which my colleague
expressed. I do not understand my colleague to
have expiessed here a desire for the success of
the confederate cause over the arm's of the United
States. 1 did not understand him to have ex-
pressed any want of sympathy with the cause of
the Union. But I understood him to have ex-
pressed simply an opinion of his, an opinion
formed from his own reflection,formed,peihaps,
from the interpretation which he has placed on
the history of the tunes antl on the events which
since the institution of this war have transpired,
and to have come to the conclusion that the ex-
penses and disasters attendant upon the war to
subjugate the confedeiate powerarea greaterevil
than the acknowledgment of the independence of
the confedeiate States, i do not understand him
to rejoice in such a result or such a state of things;
but 1 understand him to express as his judgment
under all the cireumstanccs that the lesser evil of
recognizing the so-called confederate States might
be judiciously adopted by the Government.
it is scaicely necessaiy fyr me, Mr. Speaker,
to say that I do not assent to the opinion thus
promulgated by my colleague. However his
judgment may be formed, it docs not agree with
mAie. It does not, as I undet stand the facts, agree
with the sentiment of those 1 represent upon this
floor; and it does not concur with the sentiment
of his othercolicagues belonging to the same party
in our State. 1 have alwaysputmysnifupon the
record, sir, when 1 have had'the opportunity of
briefly presenting my views in this House on na-
! tional affairs—I say I have always put myself
upon the record to the contrary of the sentiment
which is complained of in my colleague's re-
marks. A. fewdays ago I had occasion to declare
my views in reference to the question which is
now under consideration, and with reference to :
the greatconsulerations which ha\e produced this ;
vast, unusual, and almost unexplamabic excite- j
ment in this House. I had occasion to refer to a
doctrine advanced by a distinguished-individual, j)
once a Repiesentative upon this floor, and now j!
President of the United States. I took occasion !j
respectfully to differ with the sentiment advanced [!
by him, and I declared to the House what I be- <
lieved in reference to the rights and liabilities of ;
those States and citizens who, m violation of the j
unity of the Confederacy, have seceded and re- !
volted from the Union, in those remarks I used j!
this language: jj
■•Thb view ot the President earned! he doctrine of revoUt- if
tion considerably Author than Democrats are willing to go.
That a imtion of people or a province under the oppression
of a. wicked Government may, in the opinion of the world
and betore God, be justified in rescuing to revolution-for
the purpose of achieving independence and liberty, I be-
lieve. Hut that forcible revolution is the unconditional
right of a pot tion of the people of a nation or the depend-
ency of a nation, to be exereiscd at their mere pleasure, I
do not believe. The justification of the American Revolu-
tion winch resulted in our national independence was not
put upon any such gionnd. Secession I believe to be no
more nor less titan revolution, in the American sense of
the term, it is the exercise of what is claimed to be the re-
served lights of a State in the Federal Union to withdraw
itself from the Confederacy whenever the people of such
State may elect to do so, with or without any other reasou
than their desire for complete independence. I do not ad-
mit the existence of any such right, nor assent to its as-
sumption. I regard the General Governmentof theUmted
States in it* sphere as a unit,as veiily such as the govern-
ment of a State, and that all the peopleoftbe State owe ft
allegiance which it is not at their option to revoke."
That, Mr. Speaker, I declare to be the com-
mon sentiment of the party to which I belong. If
there are exceptions to-day they ar^ few and un«
influential in molding the principles or organiza-
tion of my party. But I do not know, on any
other question than that involving the vital prin-
ciple and the law of the Republic, by what right
I can claim to insist that other men's views
shall conform precisely and specifically to mine.
God has given to me no warrant to assume an
infallibility of judgment and to make my own
opinion the standard for other men. If I believed
that my colleague had come into this House witli
a disposition, or in it had manifested a disposi-
tion, to espouse and maintain the cause of our
public enemies, and to remit his good faith and
his allegiance to the Government, I would regard
him as unworthy of his seat. If he has erred in
judgment I am disposed to look upon him with
charity. To make that aground of expulsion
would empty all the seats in^this House. W'hat
is it that gives the right to fallible and misjudging
man to exact uniformity of opinion from his fel-
low-beings when the sources of opinion are so
various and adverse?
Now, it is pertinent to the justification of my
colleague from the Cincinnati district [Mr. Long]
to say that he utters no novel opinion here when
he signifies that in his judgment peace is the bet-
ter policy. I say that it is not a new idea. It is
not so new to the Republican party. We have
had the same sentiments from men who occupied
position as statesmen, and were affiliated with
that party. They have said that if the southern
confederacy could maintain its independence for
a year or two, then it would be wise and just to
let it go. Who can tell where such seed sown
upon the human understanding may have taken
root and generated the sentiments of to-day?
I do not believe, Mr. Speaker, that this House,
in a moment of passion, in a paroxysm of anger,
should expel a member, or should put a tarnish
upon the character of a member because he en-
tertains and expiesses an opinion in the freedom
of debate, as it has ever been practiced in the
Hull of this House without dissent, not com-
porting with the sense of a majority of those who
listened to him. The speech of my colleague
contains nothing significant of any purpose on
his part to advance an opinion here to aid the
cause of the adversary, or to smother any one's
sympathy for the success of his country. He
was sent'here by his constituents and to express
their opinions so far as their sentiments, m the
nature of instructions, may be known to him, but
beyond that he has occasion for the exercise of
his intelligence and his own judgment, and ae-
coiding to them he must speak and think and act
as a Representative in this Hou^e, where contend-
ing and adverse opinions may be expected to be
made manifest on all important questions, even
oil the war.
If he therefore be guilty only of error, and not
of intentional crime, why it is useless now to
stand here and contend that his language was
treasonable, ami that it ought to receive that con-
struction from his fellow-cilizehs.
Suppose, Mr. Speaker, that this sentiment
should become increased, and finally involve, by
reasons of contingencies which perhaps we have
not comprehended and cannot foresee, the opin-
ions of a large portion of our community, and
enough of us should come to that conclusion to
give weight and force to that sentiment in the
councils of the nation; would it be treason for a
member of this House, or for an American citi-
