1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
48?
a change of that legislation, and the interests that
look to existinglaws will be constantly disturbed.
The Senator knows the importance of an equal J
adjustment of the burdens of the Government. /
My purpose in speaking upon this question at all j
was to call his attention, and to call the attention i;
of the Senate, to the fact that this bill proposes to >
increase the tax upon an important production of i>
the Northwest two hundred per cent, without i1
informing us what additional increase we are to ,
expect upon otherarticles of production. 1 think :
we should have known it, and then we could j
tell whether the increased burdens were equally \
adjusted upon the different interests of the coun-
try.
There is one other matter to which I wish to
allude. The Senator has informed us that the
tax in England is much higher, more than twice
as high as the tax now proposed by this bill. I
understand that in England liquors produced for j
other purposes than for drink are not taxed at
all, and that liquors produced for the purpose of
being drunk are taxed $2 50 per gallon. That
is because of the policy of the English Govern-
ment. She wishes to discourage the conversion
of gram into liquor. She wishes to encourage
the production of breadstuff's, while our policy
has not been the same. The Senator has not said
that he wishes by this bill to discourage the pro-
duction of liquor; he has not placed the measure
upon that ground, but he has presented it simply
as a revenue measure. Then, considering it as a
revenue measure, I desired to know what is equal
and just toward the different intercstsof thecoun-
try, and on that question simply I desired to be
heard.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In reference to what the
Senator has last stated, he will allow me to say
that the time being so pressing in reference to this
matter, it was considered by the committee that
in regard to some one or two manufactures, es-
pecially the manufacture of patent mcdicmcs, this
might operate pretty severely. What effect it
will have I do not know; but there was no time
toconsider that matter and to devise a system. If
theie is any possibility by which that can be
reached it will undoubtedly be done in the course
of the session. I understand that in England they
have a style of getting up a kind of mixed liquor
of some sort ordescription, with which the spirits
have very little to do, that may take the place in |
manufactures of the spirits themselves, I forget ;
at this moment the name of it. That very sub- j
iect is under consideration at the present time. '
But the Senator is very much mistaken if he sup- 1
poses that it is predicated on the desire of the '
British Government, or that the tax is laid with |
any view to discourage the use of spirits. That ■
is the last thine- that has been thought of in their j
legislation; and in my judgment itis thelast thing i
that will be thought of in ours, for we do notun- j
dertake to legislate on the question of morals for I
anybody in reference to these matters, i still say
to the Senator, having answered the questions that ,
he put to me—and he admits now that this article j
will bear the tax at present—if three or four years
hence it shall be found that the thing works in- (
juriously in consequence of a changed state of the
currency, we can then change the law it it be 1
necessary; and I repeat to him that I wish, when j
he tells his people that this amount laid upon j
liquor has increased the sum that they have to pay ,
for each glass, and consequently affects their dunk- i
ing so much, he will tell them atthu same time Hutt ■
his remedy was to double the puce of the shirts ,
they wore, and they would be very much better
off! 1
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I submit that
this is no question affecting the .Northwest or the
Northeast or any other section. I am glad that
the committee have reported a large inciea.se in ,
the tax upon whisky. I am only sorry that we >
did not lay an mcieascd tax two years ago. I
believe I proposed then to increase the tax to a j
dollar a gallon. There nev^r was a greater fal- '
lacy than to suppose that the pioducer is bur-
dened by this tax. It would be just as appropri-
ate for a Senator from New Yoik or Boston to
undertake to say that because the duties on im-
ports are principally paid m the first instance at
the custom-houses m those cities therefore New
York and Boston pay all the tariff duties. Atthe
various custom-houses in the country the duties
are paid in the first instance; but the amount of
them is immediately put upon the articles them-
selves, -and the consumers in the West and in the
Northwest and all over the country pay them.
Precisely so with this tax upon whisky. The
pioducer in the first instance pays the tax. I
know that when we put on twenty cents a gallon
two years ago the producer immediately put up
the price of his whisky twenty-five cents higher
than it was before. Twenty cents he put on be-
cause it was the tax, and five cents as a kind of
apology because he had to pay the tax. He felt
himself justified in advancing, and the effect of it
was to aavunce it twenty-five cents per gallon, be-
cause the tax was twenty cents. Precisely so
now, this tax of sixty or eighty cents a gallon,
if it has not already gone into the price, certainly
will if this bill passes, and there is not a man who
sells a gallon that will not be sure to add that tax
to the price, and if he docs not add it twice I shall
be mistaken. He will certainly add it once to
every gallon he sells. The consumers pay the
tax on the article, I care not where they live, and
I am sorry to say they do not all live in the North-
west. They live everywhere. 1 do not know a
State where it is not consumed. Where it is con-
sumed as a beverage its use is certainly very gen-
erally distributed in the West and the East. Where
itis used for manufacturing purposesand for mak-
ing patent medicines it is very generally used in
the East, and they do in the first instance there
pay the tax.
I merely want to say, in one word, that this
tax is no burden upon any section of the country.
If itis a burden anywhere it is a burden upon the
man who puts the cup to his mouth. Every time
he lifts the cup he pays the tax, if he pays for his
drink. There is where it falls, and there it is that
it ought to fall. So it is with the tanffduties col-
lected at the custom-houses; they are put upon
the articles, they follow the articles, adhere to
them, and there is not a retailer in the countiy
but has to pay them, and theconsumerat ihe end
of the route pays them. It is like the color dyed
in the wool, the tariff duty never gets off until the
aiticle is consumed.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I would not say
a word upon this amendment but for the fact that
it is proposed as a measure of justice to the
Northwest, and the fact that 1 happen to rep-
resent a portion of that great constituency my-
self, and for the other facts that I was a member
of the committee which leported this bill, and
cordially acquiesced in the increase, of the tax
proposed. 1 behc\e it is a just measure, and I
was influenced by two consideiations. One 1 am
afraid was somewhat sectional-in its character.
I did desire by increasing this tax to do some-
thing, if we could, toward bunging about a little
reciprocity in the tirule between the East and the
West, or the Northwest and the Northeast. I
.notice that all the booth and shoes the East man-
ufactuics for us, and all the cotton and all the
woolen goodfs and all tin- pctioleum they produce
arc taxed. They send them out to us and charge
the tax over to us. We manufacture butveiy
little, at least we manufacture but very few kinds
of goods. Our staple happens to be whisky.
That is the only article that the East buys of us;
and in order to bring about some equality we had
to put the whole tax on this one article, and 1
thought it was best to do it; and I believe we
shall get as much revenue out of our eastern
friends who drink our whisky as they get out of
us in the Wes t who wear their shirts and their
boots and hboesv So far my judgment wes in-
fluenced by sectional considerations.
I was further induced to think that we promote
the national character by raising this tax. There
is scarcely any necebsary of hie under "the pres-
ent exigencies of the Government that we are
able to afford to anybody at any reasonable or
tolerable pi ice. You cannot get a pair of boots,
you cannot get a gallon of oif, you cannot get a
j coat, you cannot g"t a shirt, you cannot get any-
i thing thot in a necessity, at a reasonable price;
' but in spite of the tax which we imposed on liquor
| two years ago, whisky, distilled spirits have been
; furnished to the people luinously cheap. Iam
i told that when corn is worth a dollar a bushel
! whisky can be manufactured for ohoutforty cents
a gallon. If you impose a tax of eighty cents on
' it it can still be furnished to the people at a dol-
1 lar a gallon. Now, I suppose a gallon of whisky
i is equal to getting four men drunk. I do not
know what the exact figures are; 1 presume the
chairman of the committee can tell us just-how
much it takes. [Laughter.] At least it will get
four men drunk.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may depend on the
section of country they come from. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. It might depend something on
that. We are in a state of war; we have to tax, as
I said before, all the necessaries of life, and it did
strike me as a scandal that we should still con-
tinue to furnish these large quantities of whisky at
these scandalously low rates. I thought it would
be more respectable to put on a tax which would
make a gallon of whisky cost a respectable price,
and 1 think everybody who consumes it will feel
a little better in his own conscience if, when he
pays ten cents for a glass of whisky, he reflects
that the Government gets about seven and a half
cents out of that, and, as is suggested by the Sen-
ator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] he is very likely to
get a better article; it may improve the quality. I
cannot say about that. 1 thought it would im-
prove, as I said before, the national character to
put on this tax.
It is said that it will influence the price of a
great agricultural product of the Northwest. I
am utterly incredulous upon that point. If I had
ever seen a man so squalid, so poor, so miserable,
so impoverished, so destitute, that he could not
get a glass of liquor when he wanted it, I would
hesitate from the fear that we might get the price
up to a point at which it would influence the con-
sumption, and so influence the price of the mate-
rial which goes into it and influence the revenue
to be derived from it. I never have seen that in-
dividual. I never have seen the individual who
had an appetite for drink, no matter what his cir- •
cumstances might be, no matter what his ability
might be to procuie anything else, who could not
procuie enough of liquor to send him into the gut-
ter, and who did not do it. So I am utterly in-
credulous that the consumption of this article is
to be at all influenced by the cost of it; and until
it is, it is not going to influence the price of any
of the mateuals which enter into it. But if I am
mistaken upon this point, if the time shall arrive
when our curiency is less inflated, or when from
any cause itdoes influence the price of the mate-
rials which enter into this manufacture, if it does
diminish the consumption, those who are engaged
in the manufacture will know it; and whenever
they cannot sell it to the consumer at the cost,
whenever they cannot afford to pay this price,
they-wiil make it known; and that will be the
time to modify the tax on every article we have
taxed for the purpose of raising internal revenue.
Whenever the Lime comes that the Northwest will
not take the cotton manufactures, the woolen man-
ufactures, and the leather manufactures, and pay
themanufacturei s for t he tax which they pay to the
Government, they will cease to manufacture, and
wc shall have to modify thu tax on those articles.
That such a time may come in reference to these
last articles, 1 do not at. all doubt. When it does
come wc shall hear from it, and hear from it au-
thoritatively.
Mr. POMEROY. I should feel very well rec-
onciled to this proposition, if the fact was that
every time a man paid ten cents for a drink seven
cents of that went to the Government. This tax
is altogether too slight for any such computation
as that. I do not think the Government will get
' one cent aglass. Suppose we puta tax of sixty
| cents on a gallon of pure spirits; that gallon by
] some nroe.esfigets made intoabout five by the time
i it is consumed; and there ought to be among mod-
! eratc men at least sixty glasses, perhaps eighty,
j but sixty at any rate to the gallon. If the gallon
; paid but sixty cents tax at the start, each glass
i does not pay over one thiid of a cent by the time
it is consumed. This tax is altogether too light;
pcisons who indulge in this kind of luxury can
afford to go beyond that.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to say to the Senator
that I was not asserting that that would be the
fact in regard to the liquor drunk under the rate
of taxation proposed in this bill, but that it would
be the case if a rate of taxation was put on which
would enable the drinker to reflcct that he was
paying seven and a half cents to the Govern-
ment every time he paid ten cents for a glass of
liquor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
