3486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
proceed to the consideration of the resolution in-
dicated by him; and that is the pending question
before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I had the floor
upon the business before us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
gave the floor to the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. SHERMAN. The business had not passed
from the consideration of the Senate when I rose
in my place and made the motion I have submitted.
I waited a moment, expecting the Senator from
Massachusetts, who had the right to do it, would
make the motion. The business hud not yet
passed from the hands of the Senate; it was still
in the hands of the Secretary; and I therefore had
a right to submit the motion t-hat the Senate fur-
ther insist on their amendments to tiie House bill,
and ask for another committee of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
wiil state that after tiie Senate disagreed to the
report of the committee of conference, and be-
fore any other motion was made, the Senator from
Kansas, as he had a perfect right to do, moved to
postpone all piior orders and proceed to the con-
sideration of the resolution indicated by him.
By the unanimous consent of tiie Senate, or if
the motion of the Senator from Kansas is with-
drawn, the motion of the Senator from Ohio can
be received.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I rise to relieve the
Senate Jroni this-embarrassment by withdrawing
my motion for the present.
Mr. OONNESS. The state of the question
before tho Senate is this: the yeas and nays have
been ordered 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the state of the question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will now move that the
ornate further insist on their amendments to the
House bill,and ask for another committee of con-
ference.
* he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio moves to postpone all pnoi ordeis with
a view of submitting the motion indjcated by iijiij.
Air. CONNIl£>S. 1 hope the motion will not
be put in that form. U it can be done by com-
mon consent, as tiie other part of the same busi-
ness was done, i have no objection.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object.
Mr. CONNESS. My colleague does not un-
derstand it. The question, as stated by the Chair,
is that all piior orders be postponed. I wish this
business to be done by common consent as the
other part ot tho same business wus, and I hope
there will be no objection to that.
^ Mr. McDOUGALL. If that is the understand-
ing, that the motion of the Senator from Ohio is
to be considered by unanimous consent, without
displacing the question that was pending when
the Senator from Massachusetts took the floor, I
will agree to let that pass over informally for the
transaction of this business, but not to lose the
right that my colleague lias to the floor in present-
ing the business that was under discussion when
this report was made.
PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
Will inform tho Senator tlmt he loses no right.
All. CARLILE. Before the question is put
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, I desire
to make a icmaik by way of opposition to it
J Ins question of difference between tin: Houses
lias been the subject of conference for several
times at least It is perfectly understood, I be-
lieve—and if I tim wrong the Senator fiom Mas-
sachusetts will correct me—that llie Houses will j
never agree upon any bill of this kind. The I
rlousc of Representatives is fixed as to its pur-
pose,and the Senate has again and again signified
Its determination upon this subject of the enlist-
ment of negroes by the loyal States m the rebel-
lious States to be substituted in lieu of white sol-
diers. It seems to be generally conceded that ihc
House of Representatives will not agree to anv
enrollment bill unless the privilege is allowed to
the noithein States to substitute for their white
citizens .South Carolina and North Caiolina ne-
groes. Now, sir, we are upon the eve of an ad-
journment, and I trust that that adjournment will
not be delayed in a fruitless effort to accomplish
what must be manifest to every one cannot be ac-
complished ; and 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
Air. SHERMAN. The Senatorfrom Virginia
says that there is a dispute between the two
July 2,
Houses. There is no dispute between the two
Houses in my judgment that cannot be easily
reconciled. This is the first committee of con-
ference we have had on the subject, and it is due
from me in candor and justice to say that the
committee of conference was nor made in con-
formity to the usage of the Senate. The main
and principal point of difference between the two
Houses was as to the right to send agents into
the rebel States for the purpose of procuring sub-
stitutes, and upon that point a majority of the
committee appointed on behalf of the Senate voted
with the minority, and consequently did not rep-
resent by their votes the majority of the body.
There can be no question about that fact, and
therefore there never has been really a conference
between the two Houses. I should like to have
the question tested. I think the Senate has made
up its mind that under the circumstances it would
j not be wise to allow agents of the northern States
to go down and substitute negroes in the rebel
States for the drafted white men of the northern
States. I think that feeling of the Senate ought
to be represented in a conference. If the House
then shall refuse to agree with them upon such a
conference, 1 will vote for this conscription bill
in any way in which it can be placed hereafter;
but 1 think there ought to be a fair effort at least
to bring about an agreement between the two
Houses.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 wish to say a single word
in reply to a remaik that fell from the Senator
from Virginia. He counsels this Senate now, just
as we are on the eve of adjournment, without hav-
ing made due provision for the maintenance of
the Army, not to delay the adjourunient on that
account. Now, sir, when we'have driven rebel-
lion from itscircumferenee to its military centers,
now when we have got the rebellion by the throat
and its sympathizer see that the death-struggle
is upon It, you have seen in the last few day's in
this .Senate an attempt to baffle every effort on
the put t of the Government to sustain itself in this
hour of its prill, in this crisis. Tiie men who
frum the beginning of ihis war have stood here to
bailie every cffoit on the part of the Government
to sustain itself now howl oil the track of the
I Government as it the hour had come when they
could put this Government under their feet. The
question for the majority of the Senate to determ-
ine is whether we will break up in disorder and
allow the Opposition in this country to raise this
howl on the track of the Government, and this
country to go into disorder, or whether we mean
to do the necessary legislation of the country—■
that herniation which no man knows better than
the. Senator from Virginia is necessary to fill up
the ranks of your Army. He and the men who
associate with him here know that if this Con-
gress adjourns at this hour leaving the Govern-
ment powerless to fill up the ranks the great
struggle which after three years has now been
brought to the moment of success is to end in
anarchy.
Now, sir, when the two Houses happen to dis-
agiee on this measure, the Senator from Virginia,
who fiom the beginning has not believed in what
this nation is doing to protect itself, who hus
counseled against every measure calculated to
strengthen the arm of the Government against the
rebellion, seems to think the hour has come when
its enemies are to triumph, when a faction in the
North, when the Opposition in the North, is to
demoralize and disorganize the nation. You are
to have no more troops. Grant is not to be sus-
tained before Richmond. He is not to be per-
mitted to throttle the rebellion, now that he is at
the very door. That is plain. You have seen
that here in the last ten days of the session.
On a question of disagreement between the two
Houses, the Senator from Virginia rises here to
counsel this Senate, to counsel the majority of this
Senate, men who have stood here for three years
battling against rebellion and against his counsels,
and he stands here to tell us it is not worth while
to try to settle this difficulty. We have disagreed.
The question iswhethei we shall get the negroes
into the service or not, and on that question he
welcome the reign of disorder and anarchy in this
countiy.
For one, sir, I stand here to protest against
such counsels. I stand here to say to these gen-
tlemen that I do not propose to adjourn for the
next thirty days unless the Government of the
country is made strong, unless they have till they
desire to give them the strength and the rein-
forcements necessary to maintain their positions
at the great military centers where they are,
and where none knows better than the honorable
Senator from Virginia that rebellion is to die if
the American people stand film and give to Grant
and to Sherman the recrirtts that are necessary
and which arc calculated and designed to be fur-
nished by this bill.
I trust we shall not take the counsels of these
gentlemen who from the beginning have had no
faith in what this Government is doing to sustain
itself against the rebellion. I submit that it does
not come with a very good grace from my hon-
orable friend, the Senator from Virginia, to un-
dertake to counsel this Senate as to what we shall
do in an emergency of this sort.
I trust, therefore, that we shall agree to this
appointment of another committee; and if that
fails, that we shall agree to sit here to the end of
this month if it is necessary, until the proper
legislation of the country is perfected and until we
can retire from our positions here saying to our
constituents that the Government has the power
and the measures necessary to take the lastman,
if need be, to end this rebellion. Therefore, sir,
1 hope we shall agree to the appointment of an-
other committee of confeieucc.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, obtained the floor.
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Senator allow me
one moment?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I shall only be a
minute.
Mr. CARLILE." I do not want to make a
speech.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I shall only take a
moment, and then the Senator can speak. I wish
simply to speak to the question befoie the Senate.
This matter stands in this way: each House of
Congress in a different form passed an amend-
ment to the conscription law. TheSenate passed
a conscription bill repealing simply the commu-
tation clause. The House concuned in that and
passed a bill Jiavinga different feature which was
to allow the Executives of the different loyal
States to recruit in the States in rebellion. The
Senate by several votes decided against that. A
committee of conference was appointed; we have
had the repoit of that committee of conference;
and I wish to say one word in regard to the ac-
tion of the committee.
I must say for my colleagues upon the commit-
tee that they represented fairly what was the
opinion of the Senate upon this subject, and said
to the committee on the part of the House of
Representatives again and again that by some
three or four distinct votes the Senate had refused
to adopt that feature in their bill. The House
committee adhered to the provision, and for the
purpose of passing something this compromise
was hit upon. The bill as it passed the House
of Representatives allowed the Executives of the
loyal Slates to recruit in all the States in rebel-
lion. By the report of the committee of confer-
ence the States of Arkansas, Tennessee, and
Louisiana were stricken out, and in that form
the committee adopted it. It is known to the
Senate that 1 have been opposed to this feature
from the beginning, and am now opposed to it;
but I prefer to take the report of this committee
of confeience precisely as it is than to make no
change in the conscription law. [ think, how-
ever, that if another committee should be ap-
pointed there may be an agreement yet. ( rose
simply m state in justice to the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] and the Senator
fiom JNew^ork [Mr. Morgan-] who were with
me upon that committee, that they fairly and fully
lepresented what I understand to be the opinions
of the Senate upon this very question.
Mr. CARLILE. No Senator, i am sure, un-
) r, •-•w.v iic (j j-vxr. v_/
SS;iS£"\ of ij r.t"ro,? tliecoramittee in the
your iiimy uMne iiald; go home to your c
fif 1 inn n i t lw !.  f i i .< ^
stituents; admit the tiling has failed; theOpposi- 1
tion in the Senate have triumphed and are to tri- i
umph in the coming elections, and you are to I
In the moment that I shall
occupy of the attention of the Senate 1 shall con-
fine myself simply to a reply to what fell from
tae honorable Senator from Maine, and lfm the
exercise of my rights here as a member of this
