488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Indiana |Mr. Hendricks] to the amendment of
the. committee.
Theamemlment to the ameridmentwas rejected,
andtheamendment of the committee was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out. the following clause in section one,
from lines twenty-four to thirty:
And all whisky or any other spirit, 011 bein§ rectified
or mixed with any other spirit or fluid whatever, or into
which any matter whatever may be infused, and to be sold
as whisky, brandy, rum, gin, wine, or by any other name,
and not otherwise provided for by this act, or the act to
which it is amendatory, shall pay an additional tax of
twenty cents per gallon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing proviso at the end of the first section:
Providedfurther, That all spirits on hand for sale, whether
distilled pnoi to the date of this act or not, shall he subject
to the rates of duty provided by this act from and alter the
12th day of January, 1861; exccpt that spirits which have
heen already taxed undet the law approved July 1, 1862,
shall' not bear more than the additional or increased tax
provided for by this act.
Mr. GRIMES. Upon this question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS— Mes&is. Huckalcw, Carhle, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Corniest. Cowan, Davis, Divnn, Fessenden, Fos-
ter, Hale, Ilanis, Henderson, Ilendiicks, Hicks, Howe,
Johnson, Lane pf Kan«a««, Morgan, Powell, Iiiehaidson,
Riddle, She-mum, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wade, and Willcy—30.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Doolittlc, Gtiincs, Hording,
Harlan, Morull, Pomeioy, and Ramsey—8.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-two of
section two, after the word " recovered," to insert
" and applied."
The amendment was ngieed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the words
" also that" in lines thirty-three and thirty-four of
section two.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing proviso to section two:
Provided} however, That where. owinc; to the perishnhle
natuio of the propeity seized, expense of storage or other
ciicuiiiHtanccs, the value whereof may be diminished by
delay of sale, the owner thereofmay, if he so choose, apply
to the assessor of the disUict, who shall, if he deem it ex-
pedientthat the properly so seued should be.-old, appraise,
or have the tame appraised under his dilection and conhol,
and the owner may give bond or bond-* in an amount equal
to the appiaised value, with such sureties as the aw^nr
shall adjudge good and sullicient, which shall bo by hnn
transmuted to the Oommi-sionerol' Internal Revenue, to he
held and collected, or any part theirof, *n surrendered m
accordance with the final judgment, older, or decieeoi the
court havmg jmisdietion of the cj*.c; or, if the ownei
shall not apply as aforesaid, the ax-e^oi, upon the applica-
tion of the maishnl oft lie said district in whose custody ami
control said spirits or otheraiticle* seized aforesaid may
be, shall npprsusc o  havo the. sume appraised miner Ins
direction and control, and shall l^uc and return to the
marshal aforesaid an order to cc-H the same, and the said
marshal shall thereupon adveitiM- and sell the same, and the
proceeds of sale, alter deducting thercliom the eo- ts of
seizure and stile, shall he paid into the eomt liavtug juris-
diction oJ the ease, and paid out as the said court shall on
final judgment oi der oi dceiee.
And in lieu of it to insert:
That when the prop'-riy so m i/.ed may be liable to pencil
or become greatly reduced in value by keeping, oi when it
* cannot be kept without great expense, the ownei thereof,
or the marshal of ihe district, may apply to the assessor of
the district to examine said property. And if, in the opin-
ion ol .said assessor, itshall be neeessaiy that Lke said ptop-
erty should be sold to pie vent such waste or expense, he shall
appraise thesame ; and fljeovvne! thereupon shall have said
property leturned !o him upon giving bond, in f.ueh foi in as
may be piesetibed by the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, and in an amount equal to the appiaised value, with
euch sureties as the «anl appraiser shall deem good and suf-
ficient, to abide the final order, decree, or judgment of the
court having cognizance of the ease, and to pay the amount
of said appraised value to (he maishal, or otherwise, as he
may be ordered and d nee ted by the court, which bond shall
be filed by said appraiser with the Commissioner of inter-
nal Revenue. But if said owner shall neglect or refuse to
give said bond, the apprar -cr shall i*sue to the mai sJml afoi e-
eatd an order to -sell the same. And the said marshal shall
thereupon advem^c afid sell the said pioperty, ;it public
auction, in the same manner as goods may be sold on final
execution in Said district. And the proceeds of the sale,
after deducting the reasonable costs of the seizure and sale-
shall be paid to the court afoie^aid, to abide its final oider,
decrce, or judgment,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike oat the
word " to "before "be" in line fourteen of section'
three.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made without a vote, being a mere
verbal one.
The next amendment was to strike out the let-
ter" s" at the end of the word " provides" in line
thirty-three of section three.
Tiie PRESIDING OFFICER. That verbal
amendment will be made.
The next amendment was to add to section three
the words, "or which provide for an allowance
or drawback on cordials and other liquors when
exported;" so as to make the latter clause of the
section read as follows:
But no provision of this act shall be construed to repeal
existing laws which provide that distilled spii its may be re-
moved fioni the place of manufacture or bonded warehouse
for the purpose of being redistilled for exportation, or which
provide for the manufacture tor exportation of medicines,
preparations, compositions?, perfumery, and cosmetics, or
winch provide for an allowance or drawback on cordials and
other liquors when cxpoitcd.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was tostrike out the fol-
lowing provisos at the end of the fourth section:
Provided, That on all cotton on which the duty of a half
cent has been paid, the additional duty of one and a half cent
shall be levied and collected: Jlnd provided, further, That
all provisions of law, whereby cotton in the hands of man-
ufacturers of cotton fabrics on October 1. 186'2, and prior
thereto, is exempted fiom taxation, aieheieby icpealed, and
the same shall be subject to the late of taxation imposed by
this hill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines seven, eight,
nine, and ton of section five, to strike out the
words in reference ton permit to lemove cotton
on which the tax has been paid, " which shall
be dated and contain a description, including the
weight and other marks of the bales or packages,
and a statement of the fact that the duty has been
paid," and in lieu of them to insert:
Stating therein the amount and payment of the duty,
the time and place of payment, the weight and marks upon
the bale's and packages, so that the same may be fully
identified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six of section
seven, after the woid u countries," to insert c< pre-
vious to the 1st day of July next;" so as to make
the section read:
That trom and after the passage of this act, in addition to
the duties heietofore imposed bylaw, there shall be levied,
collected, and paid on <-pmt* distilled fjom gtain or other
matei ials, whet bet of American or foreign production, im
poi ted from foieign commies previous to the 1st dav of July
next, of fust proof, a dutj of toity cents on each and every
gallon.
The amendment was ngreed to.'
The nextamendment was,aftei the word "gal-
lon," in line seven of section seven, to inset t:
And on all such spirits imported from foieign countries,
on amlaif i the Kt day of July next and previous to the 1st
day of .January next, a duty of fifty cents on each and
eveiy gallon ; and on all Mich -pints imported fiom foreign
countues on and alter the 1st day of January next, s-ixty
cents on each and eveiy gallon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clause at (he end of section seven:
And that upon nil such spirits imported pnor to the pas-
sage ol this act th"ie shall be levied, collected, and paid an
additional tax or imty cents poi gallon, 10 be collected
undei thedneetionand accoiding to regulations established
b> ihe Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
ninth section of the bill, in the following words:
St.o. 9. And be it further enacted. That it shall be the
duty of the assessors and assistant assessors appointed as
provided in the act to whu h this act is an amendment, to
assess the additional duties levied by thnactupon ail spirits
and cotton on which the duty pie-cubed in -aid act «ha!l
have been p.ud or as&cssed at ttie tinufwhen this act takes
cfleetand the h-ts ihereof shall be ictui lied to the several
collector and the collections made in the -ame manner a-
in the case of monthly returns of mmsnfachnes. And the
duties so assessed piiali be a lien in lavor of the United
States upon all the real and personal estate of the owner of
such '-pints or cotton, to be eniou-ed in tire same manner
a-Mr* pto\id( d in the ease of the manuf.ieluieis who neglect
or ictuse to pay the duties provided by lire act to which
this is in addition : Pionded, Tiuit the additional dutv of
one and one half cent per pound shall be levied unon cot-
ton sold by the United riraies previous to the pa'sj-a^e of
( this act, and on winch a duty of one hah of one cent per
; pound has been pa.d ; and upon all cotton co>old on wiu<--h
i no duty has been paid, a duty of two cents porpound*UalJ
1 be as^e-ssed and collected.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was to insert as an addi-
tional section;
Size —. .-Lid he Uftnthn enacted. That the prov-ions of
the act entitled u An aet fru ther to provide torthe collection
of duties on iurport>,'\i[ipioved Mai els 2,18y.'i,novv in force, :
shall bo taken and deemed as extending to and embracing !
all laws for the collection of internal duties, stamp duties,
licenses, or taxes which have been or may be hereafter
enacted; and all persons duly authorized to a^es^, iceeive,
or collect such dirties or taxes under such law« are hereby
declared to be,and to have been, " revenue ofliceis" within
the hue intent and meaning of the said act, and entitled to
all the exemptions, immunities, benefits, rights, and priv-
ileges therein enumerated and conferred.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
still m Committee of the Whole, and open to
amendment.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I offer the following
amendment: in lines thirteen and fourteen of sec-
tion seven, to strike out "and no lower rate of duty
shall be levied or collected than upon the basis of
first proof, and shall be increased in proportion
for any greater strength than the strength of first
proof;" and to insert in lieu thereof, 44 and the
said duty shall be levied and collected at no lower
rate than the basis of first proof." The words
proposed to be changed are somewhat-obscure,
and the amendment is intended to substitute for
them a similar provision to be found on the sec-
ond page of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. How shall the
question be taken on the amendments agreed to
as in Committee of the Whole?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to thatamend-
mcnt which has reference to the tax on the liquors
already on hand that have been distilled, I desire
that there shall be a separate vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The vote was 30 to 8 in
committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know thatit is of
any use to have a separate vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved if the Senator desires.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is true that the vote of
the Senate seems to have determined that the
amount uf tax which is proposed by the House
of Representatives—sixty cents a gallon—should
not be imposed upon the liquors on hand. I did not
know but that if the matter was called to the atten-
tion oftheSenate particularly, perhaps they would
agree to a tax of at least twenty or'thirty cents a
gallon upon the liquor on hand; and it was with
a view to that that I desired to take the sen.se of
the Senate, and therefore I ask for a separate vote
upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be excepted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask that the amend-
ments to the first section of th*  bill be reserved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Dues any Sen-
ator desire a separate vote on any other amend-
ment?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Upon the amendments to
the fiist section of the bill which bear on that
question \ ask for a separate vote.
Mr..FESSENDEN. Only the one striking out
the proviso in regard to the liquois on hand is
what is leserved.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to inquire before
tlua matter is determined, whethei if a separate
vote is to be taken upon that amendment it al-
lows the proviso as u stands to be amended be-
foie the vofe is taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Undoubtedly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire a separate vote
on that.
i\lr. POWELL, i desire a separate vofe on
the amendment to the first section of the bill from
lines twelve to seventeen, increasing the tax to
seventy and then to eighty cents.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved. Does any Senator desire
a separate voteon any other amend rnent ? If not,
a vote will be taken together on the other amend-
ments.
The remaining amendments were concurred in
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The fnstamend-
ment on which a separate vote is desned will be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
In section one, line eleven, after the woid '• gallon" in-
Arid upon all liquois that may bo distilled after the pas-
vcige of this act, and sold, or removed for consumption or sab-,
on a.ul altei tire 1st day^of July next, and previous to the
i-t d.u of January n.'.xt, j-eventy cents, on ouli and every
cjiUom; union  H liquors lint may be dialled aitci tire
pas-a^e os thi^ act. and sold, or removed foi consumption
or sale, ott ami after the 1st day of January next, eighty
ccuts on cach and eveiy gallon.
