1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1535
But, sir, that position was assumed, as I un-
derstand, by a gentleman in this House. I refer
to no one; and I sue that the member from Ohio
who spoke on Saturday, [Mr. Long,] and whose
speech has just been handed to ine, undertook to
assimilate Ins speech to my position. Why, sir,
no honest man could assimilate them to each
other. I would as soon be hanged in chains
alongside of a gibbeted traitor as to be thus con-
nected with a moral carcass before the House.
[Laughter.] It will bear no such construction.
I took then, as I do now, a certain attitude for (he
purpose of justifying the extreme exaction of the
laws of war against these traitors and rebels who
had assumed this position.
Now, sir, I have not, as I have said before,
seen from the papers who assumed this position.
I have no strength to examine now or to puisue
the subject. ^ 1 am glad I do not know the names
of those who undertook thus to link me with an
infamous proposition, I say no man who heard
my speech, or read it, thought so who was not a
fool or a knave, and perhaps both. [Laughter.]
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker,lam
sure that the country will read with profound re-
gret the proceedings of tilts House on Saturday
last. Ata time when ourarrmes are standing still
in the face of a powei ful enemy, when ourTreas-
ury is empty, when its legitimate receipts aie less
than one tenth of the expenditures, when labor
is paralyzed and borne down by oppressive tax-
ation and inadequate compensation, when those
who produce everything get nothing, and those
who produce nothing get everything, for the'
House of Representatives in this condition of the
country to be trifling with its time on a subject
beyond its jurisdiction, arraigning a member for
the exeicise of a constitutional right, will be
viewed with profound regiet. For his opinions
" the gentleman [Mr. Long] is responsible to his
constituents.
I regard the position of Speaker of this House
to be the highest civilian known to the country.
In England the like office is recognized as that
heid by the fust gentleman of England. Now,
that the Speaker should descend fiom this ex-
alted position and entermto this gladiatorial arena
of partisan combat for the puipose of arraigning
a Ilepiesentative for exercising the light which
God and his constituents gave him is to be de-
plored. Sir, I have the highest regard personally
for the Speaker of this House. Differing as I do
from him upon all the leading public questions
of the day, i take this occasion to say that lie
has discharged his responsible d uties with ability
and with impartiality. 1 regret that he should
for the first time have committed .an" act which
must materially affect his usefulness hereafter in.
the discharge of those duties. He has taken a po-
sition in this proceeding which no man can sus-
tain who recognizes constitutional and individual
rights. Leaving the Speaker's chair, he taken a .seat
upon the floor and piesents to the House and coun-
try a resolution ofexpulsion againsta gentleman
representing the second district of Ohio. Expul-
sion for what? Imjt the honestavowal of opinions
he entertained, and for winch lie was responsible to
no other power or authority than to that he rep-
resented in this House, his constituents. He had
dcclaied that in ix ceitain contingency, which he
stated, he would prefer recognition. As between
annihilation and recognition he preferred the lat-
ter. Is it ci iminal so to declare? None of us are
in favor of taking human life, and yet all of us are
prepared to do it m self-defense. When such an
alternative is presented either of us would kill.
This is an analogous ease. The gentleman de-
clared, substantially, he was m favor of recogni-
tion huIkf than to see evciy man, woman, and
child in the southern States put to the sword. lie
thought every humane and Christian man would
indoine this sentiment, thus presented. But the
gentleman was airaigned because, it is said, his
•speech gives aid and comfort to the rebels. If
tliis were so, the other side of the House have no
right to complain. The Republican pnity have
been feeding the flame of rebellion ever since its
existence.
It is to be observed that in the resolution of ex-
pulsion no quotation is given of the offending lan-
guage. Sir, H is the fu&t time in the history of
the Government that any proceeding of a like
character has been taken when the language or
the offense clearly and definitely expressed, to
which exception is taken, is not quoted in the
resolution. The resolution does not pretend to
give the language used by the member arraigned.
1 repeat, sir, that the authorof this resolution does
not pretend to quote the language used by the
gentleman from Ohio; and I will go further and
say that he does not in any fair sense give the
substanceof that language.. I staled on Saturday
what the gentleman did say. He declared that the
alternative was presented to the country whether
we will subjugate and annihilate the southern peo-
ple or recognize them as an independent power.
Rather than exterminate, destroy, rid of existence,
extinguish the men, women, and children of the
South, he was willing to iccognize their inde-
pendence. In the exercise of his constitutional
right, in a calm, able, statesmanlike manner, he
discussed the whole question of this war. After
showing that even if prosecuted for the restora-
tion of the Union (which it is not) it had proved
a failure, and if continued must end in annihila-
tion, he declared that, as a choice of evils, he was
for peace by recognition.
Sir, the Speaker of the House of Commons did
not descend from his chair and arraign Edmund
Buike, when that patnot and statesman used
stronger language in favor of our independence
than this. Nor did the Chancellor of England,
piesidnig over the House of Loids, come down
ftom his high position and arraign Loid Chatham
for declarations in favor of our recognition as a
nation at the time we were sti uggbng tor liberty.
But the Speaker said upon Satui day, when his
attention was called to the identical language used
by the gentleman from Ohio, that it was for the
character of his whole speech that he sought to ex-
pel him. Sir, lie is estopped from taking that po-
sition now. He arraigned the gentleman from
Ohio, in the language of his own resolution, for
the declaiation that he was in favor of the recog-
nition of the independence of the South. I defy
him or any other gentleman to lefer to any por-
tion of that speech that makes a stronger allusion
to the question of recognition than that to which
I have lefened. And so far as the resolution it-
self is concerned, it proposes to expel the member
only because he expressed himselfm favor of rec-
ognition .
Hut we are told that the whole speech gives aid
and coinfoit to the enemy. If that be true, who-
ever else may take exception to giving aid and
comfort to the enemy, it ought not to come from
that side of the House, or ftom gentlemen who
lepresent that party. Their whole political career
since the commencement of this war, official and
otherwise, has given aid and comfoit to the en-
emy. In six months from the firing on Fort Sum-
ter, under a different policy, under an Adrtmna-
uation conducted upon other principles, this war
would lm\e been closed, wish the expenditure of
one ludf of the money and the loss of one half of
the liven which it has cost. It hau been the fanat-
ical and destructive course pmsued by the Admin-
istration and the utter disregard of the common
pi inciples of humanity and patriotism; it has been
the declaration and practical effort to carry fito
and sword into everyW-useholdof theSouth,and
by confiscation, emancipation, and annihilation,
leaving the South no altetnative but lesistancc or
death, that this war has been piolonged, and is
likely to be prolonged until the men who now
rule the country shall have ceased to hold polit-
ical power. This is <£ the aid and comfort" which
has been jriven to the enemy, and it came from
the men who affect now to be indignant at the
expies^ions of the gentleman from Ohio.
Sir, shall he be expelled for saying be was in
favor of a dissolution of the Union by men who
daily act in favor of it? Why, the Republican
patty was conceived and brought forth in the
hpnit of disunion. I had the honor of holding
a seat here twenty-two years ago, when John
Q,umcy Adams, the founder and author of the
dogmas now held by the Republican party, in-
troduced in my presence a petition for the disso-
lution of the Union. And Joshua Giddings, now
holding a high official position under this Admin-
istration, in the same Congress presented a me-
mouai from his constituents of the Western Re-
serve of Ohio in favor of dissolution. Mr. Hale,
a Senator from New Hnmpshiie, at a much later
period, presented a memorial in favor of a disso-
lution of the Union; and the votes are recorded
of Senator Seward, of New York, and Seoator
Chase, of Ohio, in favor of the reception of that
petition. And, sir, since the commencement of
this rebellion the present Secretary of the Treas-
ury, acting in his tfffrcia! capacity as a member
of the present Cabinet, seriously and formally
advocated the recognition of the southern con-
federacy, at a time, too, when it had but a pro-
visional government at Montgomery, Alabama,
and before the South, using the language of the
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] had arisen to its present position as a
de facto government, or had been acknowledged
as a belligerent by any nation of Europe.
Mr. ASHLEY. I deny the gentleman's state-
ment so far as the Secretary of the Treasury is
concerned.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I refuse to yield
to the gentleman.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman to allow me
to say a word in reference to this matter.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. If the gentleman
from Ohio upon the other side of the House does
not intend to speak upon this subject,! will yield
to him a moment.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to ask thegentleman
from New York to state where the present Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in any official act of his,
advocated the recognition of the southern States
as an independent nation ? .
Mr. COa.. With the permission of my friend
I will give my colleague the proof. If the gen-
tleman will look at the National Intelligencer of
April 22, 3861, he will find a speech reported,
made by the mayor of Baltimore, in which he
said in a full meeting, on the 19th day of April,
that Secretary Chase had told him that. [Laugh-
ter on the Republican side of the House.] This
came from the mayor of Baltimore, and never has
been denied, and my colleague knows very well
that Governor Chase never will deny it.
Mr. ASHLEY. Sir, I deny it for him. I know-
he has never officially orinany publishedletteror
speech advocated the recognition of the southern
States as an independent power.
Mr. COX. The gentleman should not deny
anything before he hears what it is. He is too
prompt to put m a general issue before he knows
what I chatge. The extract reads thatalthough
he (Mr. Chase) opposed the right of secession,
yet when independent and powerful States had
gone out of the Union, and were determined not
to return, he was for telling them to go in peace.
That was announced to the people of Balti-
more in a public meeting by an official character,
and has never been denied.
Mr. ASHLEY. I deny it now; and deny the
authority from which it comes.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman what author-
ity he has for that denial?
Mr. ASHLEY. I answer the gentleman, by
the character of the man, and my intimate knowl-
edge of his opinions upon all questions.
Mr. COX' Then the gentleman does not
speak by authority at all. If I were to judge of
a man by his chaiactcr, I should say that the gen-
tleman was not authorized to deny anything for
anybody.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Asiiley] may deny
the fact, but the Secietary of the Treasury him-
self does not deny it.
Mr. ROUTWELL. Will the gentleman give
way for a question ? I only wish to ask the gen-
tleman a question in order that the House may
understand his position.
Objection was made by several members.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I
am suiptised that there should be any such de-
nial heie now. It is as well understood as any
declaration that has been made officially or other-
wise by any gentleman connected with this Ad-
ministration; and when any member of this House
will produce an authorized denial from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury himself, the country will
believe him, and not before.
But, sir, 1 have said that the Republican party
had its existence in a spirit of disunion, that its
fathers and great leaders came into political being
on that sentiment. This Administration could
not hold together forty-eight hours except by
that horrid dogma of destruction, acting in collu-
