1536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11.
sion with corruption. I have* some few extracts
from the recorded opinions of the mcft who mle
the country; were it necessary, I could prove
like treasonable utterances on the President and
each member of his Cabinet. But by their acts
shall they be judged:* It is not necessary in their
case to refer to expressions—their official conduct
speaks louder and plainer than words.
J. Q,. Adams presents a petition for dissolution:
"On the 24th of February, 1812. John Quincy Adams
presented a petition In the House of Representatives signed
 y a largo number of citizens of Ifaveihill, Massachusetts,
for a peaceable dissolution of the Union, 'assigning as one
of the reasons the inequality of benefits conferred on the
different sections.'51—Blake's History of Slavery, p. 524.
J. R. (biddings presents a petition for dissolu-
tion:
" On the 28th of February, 1842, Mr. Giddings presented
a petition from a huge number ol abolitionists of Austm-
burg, in his district, praying for a dissolution of the Union
and a separation of the slave fiom the free States."—Ibul.
In their State convention of 1851, the radicals
of Massachusetts, on whom the mantle of the
Hartford Convention had fallen,and animated by
the same purpose,
" Resolved, That the Constitution which provides for a
slave representation and a slave oligarchy in Oongiess;
which legalizes slave catching on every inch of American
soil; which pledges the military and naval power of the
country to keep tour millions of chattel slavon in their
chains, is to be trodden under foot and pronounced ac-
cursed, however unexceptionable or valuable it may be in
its othei pioviaious." .
" That the one great issue before the country Is the dis-
solution of the Union, in comparison with winch all other
issues with the slave power are as dust in the balance ;
therefore \vc have given ourselves to the woik of i annul-
ling this covenant witii death,* as essential to our own
innocency and the speedy and everlasting overthiovv of the
slave powei."
in 1856 the same party passed the following in
convention:
" Resolved, 1. That the necessity of disunion is written In
the whole existing character and condition of the nvo sec-
tions of the countty, in then soeial oiguuization, ediu ation,
habits, and laws; m the danger ot our whin: citizens in
Kansas, and our eoloiod men in Norton ; in the wounds of
Ciiakt.es Sumnkr and the lauieNot hisassailant-; and no
Government on earth was ever strong enough to hold to-
gether Mich oppos uig Ibices.
" Rrwlri;], vJ That this movement does not meiWy «eek
disunion hut the more perfect union ot iiee Sftte* by the
expulsion ol the slave States irom the coiifcdeiattou in
wiiieh they have ever been an element of diacoid, danger,
and di-giaee.
is Resolved, X. That it Is not piobahle that the ultimate
scveiance of the Union will be an act ol delibeiauon ordis-
cu*sion ; hut that a long period ol deliheiutiou and di-.eu <
Blon must pieeede it, nndheie ue meetto bcgintlu woik.
" Resolved, -1. Thai hetjeoloivvutd, instead of legarding
it rts an objection to any sjvtem of policy that It will l< ad
Jo a sep.ti.uion of the States, we wilt proclaim that to be
the honest ol all leeommendaUons, and the cieatest pi oof
ofsluic-inauship, and will Mippoit pohtiealiv such men
nnd mea<uies ris appe.tr to tend most to this re1 uit "
Mr. Garrison made a .speech in j85o in v/hich
ho declared:
" I have «uid, and t say again, that in pioportion to th*
growth of disumcuiMn will be the growth ot Republican-
ism." * * * * "The Union is a ho. The
American Union is an imposture and a covenant with
death ami an agreement with hell.'5 * * * *
" I am for its overthrow ''*■***  (fp
with the (lagof disiuium that we may have a ftee ami glo-
rious Union of our own."
At n Republican convention held at Monroe,
Gieen county, Wisconsin, in 1856, the following
resolution was passed:
*' Resolved, Th.it it is the duty of the North, in ease they
fail in electing a Piesidcnt and Cougiess that will icstoie
freedom to Kansas, to revolutionize the Government."
AriMun BurUngame made a speech m JS5G in
which he blasphtmoualy said:
" 'l lu time Is coming and soon will he th.tt we must have
an nnh slaveiv ro *-tiuilion, an ami-slavery lJ bh , and an
ai'U '-Iavei> God."
The Montrose Democratof May 10, 1856, said:
" We recollect ih.it over a year ago wc hear,! U'il-
mot make the lolknvlng declaration :
<*• 1 am determined fo arouse the people to t!ie import-
ance of the slavery is.-tie and get up an organization thiouch
whuh thej can g< t the control of the Government m IboG
Arid if f become satisfied that the .c efforts will fail ami
that the p"f,pte will not a-sert ihcir i ight-, then rillv'd— d
if I don't j >iu the patfv that I think will send the country
to Ji—I ihrquiekesi.' >>
Horace Mann on one occasion snid:
" In conelu^i-m, I have nnl\ to add that such is my solemn
am! abiding conviction of the vhataeter of slavery, ami
uiul' i a lull M'li-e of le-'ponsibditj to n.y coumiy and m>
God, 1 deiiheiafeo >av, belter di-muoii, hotter a civd or
seivile war, better «inj thing that God in IJ:s piovuh'ace :
shall send, than an extension of th-' bond-; oi slaver}." I
iiX have before dcelaied that tin1 path of duty was clr-ai |
as to the fugitive slave act, and that I am bound to disobey
it."-- Charles Sumner, September, 1854.
" On the 7th day of February, 1850, John P. Hale in-
sisted upon, and along with Chase and Seward alone, voted
to receive, refei, and consider a petition demanding of Con-
cress an immediate dissolution of the (Tnion, because a
Union with slaveholders is violative of divine iawand hu-
man rights."
"John P. Ilale, on the 23d March, 1818, presented a batch
of eight petitions at once.demanding the dissolution of the
Union."
"No man has a right to he surprised at this state of
things. It is just wliat we abolitionists and disunionists
have attempted to bring about. There is merit m the Re-
publican paity. It is the first sectional party ever oigan-
lzed in this country. It docs not know its own face, hut
calls itself national; but it is not national: it is sectional.
The Republican pai ty is a paity of the North pledged against
the South."—Wendell Phillips,
"If the Republicans fail at the ballot box, we shall be
forced to drive back the slaveoeiats with hie and sWord."
—Jama Watson Webb.
The True American, a Republican organ in
Erie county, Pennsylvania, in commenting upon
a speech delivered at a Democratic meeting, says:
" This twaddle about the Union and its preservation Is
too sjjly ami sickening for any good effect. We think that
the hbei tyofa single slave is wonh inoie than ali the Unions
GodS univeisccan hold."
Rut'us P. Sfalpjng, now an Administration
member of this House, and a racrabir of the con-
vention that nominated Fiemout, said in that con-
vention that—
" In the ease'of the alternative being presented of the
continuance of slavery or a dissolution of the Union, I am
for dissolution, and I cate not how quick it conies."
Mr. SPALDING. I pronounce that false, let
it come from what source it may.
Mr. PATTERSON. ! ask to say asingle woid.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The gentleman
can replv after my hour expires.
Mr. PATTERSON. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I must decline
now.
In lb54 the abolitionists of Massachusetts and
of other Slates -sent petitions (o Congress, from
which the following is an extract:
"We earnestly icq nest ('ongiess at its present session to
take iiii tialoi v mea -me ■. foi the speedy, peaoclul, and equi-
table dissolution of the existing Union as the exigencies of
the < asc may jequhe."
IIcni y Ward Deeehor says:
"A cieat manv people rai«e a eiy about the Union and
the Constitution, ai it the two were pcrlectly uh ntieal; but
the truth is, it ii the Constitution itself thnl is the ean^e of
every division which tin. vexed ijucstmu ot slavery has
evei occasioned in this count)} . It ha* been the loundation
ol our iombles by attempting {«<h"|,| fo^etlu'r as reconciled
two opposing prineqiles winch will not harmonize nor
agree."
Salmon P. Chnse says:
" Slavny in the States would not continue a year after
the a^cesbton o! the .uni-s!aveiy paity to power."
Fred. Douglass says:
" From this time loi Hi 1 consecrate the labors of my life
to the dissolution of the I'nion, and I care not \v!u thcr the
bolt that lend* it shall come liom heaven or hum bell."
1 quote from the Now York Tribune, which
was laid upon the members'desks just before the
passage of the Knn«as-Nebtaska act:
" Wc urge, therefore, unbending determination on the part
of noithein members ho-tile to this intolerable outrage,
and demand ol tin m in behalf of pi ace. m behalf of lu;e-
dom. in behalf oi'justice and humanity, resistance to the
last. Better that conln.-ion should ensue—hettti that dis-
coid should i emu imhe national councils—bettet that ('on-
gie'.s sliimill bicalc up in wild di-ouier—na\, bettei thuitho
C.ijnLol itself should bla/,e by the torch o! the inceutiiaiv,
m fall and bun ail it< inmates beneath n- ci nmhlmg i urn's,
than that this poifidy and wiong sin>uld be intally ac.com-
j)ii-hed."
Geneial Banks said:
" ! am w illing la n certain contingency to let the Union
slide."
Rev. Dr. Dcllows, president of the sanitary com-
mission, in our of his public discourses in t he city
of Nov/ York, disgraci d the pulpit by uttering the
following:
"ft H no longer a war in defence oi the Union, the Con-
s-titution, and the enloicement of the laws It is- a war to i
be earned on no longer with the aim oi reestablishing tiie j
li'nion and the Con-utuimn with then old compromises. \
God mean- not to k t Us oii'wlth any naif way woik. I am [
now convinced and I consider H the mo-'t humane, tin; j
mos't economical, and the most state.-menhke now to take
the most ladicai giound possible; to .ts^a'je' that this is a 1
wai uh the Mjej ligation tn «'xt"i mi nation oi a'-1 pei so,|j who 1
w eh to maintain tile rlave nowei; a wai to get rid ot sla-
very and slavenoidei.s. whether it he constitutional oi not."
Wendell Phillips again says:
" The Constitution of our fathers wad a mistake. Tear
it In fieces and make a better. Don't say the machinc is
out of order; it is in order; it does what its framcrs in-
tended—protects slaveiy. Ouraim is disunion, breaking up
the States. I have shown you that our work cannot be
done under our institutions."
Again he said:
" No act of ours do wo regard with more conscientious
approval or higher satisfaction, none do we submit more
confidently to the tribunal of Heaven and the moral verdict of
mankind, than when, several years ago, on the 4th of July,
in the presence of a great assembly, we committed to the
flames the Constitution ot the United States."
The American Anti-Slavery Society passed the
following resolutions:
" Resolved, That secession from the United States Gov-
ernment is the duty of every abolitionist, since no one can
take office or deposit his vote under its Constitution with-
out violating his anti-slavery principles, and rendering him-
self an abettor to the slaveholder, and committing a sin.
" Jiesolced, Thatyear&of waifareagainsttheslave power
have convinced us that every act done in support of thfc
American Union rivets the eham of the slave; that the onlv
exodus of the slave to freedom, unless it he one ot bloou,
mu*t be over the remains of the present American church,
and the grave of the present Union.
" Resolved, That the abolitionists of this country should
make it one of the pumary objccts of this agitation to dis-
solve the American Union.}>
The present United States Treasurer (Spinner)
said during the Fremont campaign:
" Should this [the election of Fremont] fail, no true man
would be any longer safe here from the assaults of the ar-
rogant slave oligarchy, who then would rule with an iron
hand; for the fieo North would be left the choice of a
peaceful dissolution of the Union, a civil war which would
cud in the same, or an unconditional sunender of every
principle held dear by freemen."
James S. Pike, long editorially connected with
(he New York Tiibune, and noyv minister to the
Netherlands, said:
" I have no doubt that the free and slave States ought to
sepaiatc. The Union is not worth supporting in connec-
tion with the South.7'
John W. Forney, editor of the Philadelphia
Press, over the nnm deplume of Occasional, writing
to his paper, said:
" Let us unite the North by any means. When men no
longer volunteer lot there be coiibouption. Silence evciy
tongue that docs not speak with respect of the cause and
the flag. Do away with politics, with luxui les, with coin-
foits. Let us cease for the pie&ent to speak of laws and
restiietions and what are called saieguards."
Mr. Seward, at Boston, foreshadowed the pur-
pose of the abolition party:
" What a commentary upon the history of man is the fact
that eighteen years after the death of John Ciumey Adams
the people have for theirstandard-bcarcr AbiahamLineoln,
confuming the obligations ot the higher law which the sage
of Quiucy pioclaimed, and contending for weal or woe, for
life or death, in the irtepressihle conflict between lreedom
and slavery. i desire only to say that wc ate in the la->t
stage of the eonlhct belore the great triumphant niaugu-
lation ol tin.' policy into the Government of the United
States.
Mi. Seward, in the Senate, threw this firebrand
ui the South:
" Then the fiee States and slave States of the Atlantic,
divided and warring with each other, would di-gn-t the
free States of the Paeilic, and they would have abundant
cause and justification for withdrawing fiom the Union,
pioduotive no longer of peace, salety, and libei tj to them-
selves," &c.
In the Republican convention of Chicago, 1860,
at which Mr. Lincoln was nominated, the follow-
ing occurred among: the proceedings as published
in the New Yoik Tribune of May, 1860:
"Judge Jcssup said that he desired to amend a verbal
mistake m the name of the party. It was printed in the
resolution 'National Republican party.' lie wished to
strike out the woid 4 national,' as that was not the name
by which the pasty was pioneily known.'5
N. P. Banks, m a speech in Massachusetts in
1856, thus piedicts a " military dictatorial gov-
ernment:"
" f can conceive of a time when this Constitution shall
not be in existence, when we shall have an absolute mlli-
taiy dictatorial government tiauMiiitted hom age to age,
with men at its head who aie made i uiei.s by inihtai v com-
mit.-ion, or who claim a heirditaiy light to govern those
over whom they are placed."
Mr. Schurz, in I860, said:
"May ihe God in human nature he aroused and pierce
the veiy soul ot oUM>a:ion with an eneigy that shall sweep
Jis with thirbesom of distinction this abomination [slavery^
hum the land. Vou call this revolution ; it i<. In this we
necdievolution. We must, we will have it. Letitcoine!"
On the 12th of July, 1S48, John P. Hale said:
"All the teiioi^ o[ dissolution i can look steadfastly in
the lace hi loie I could look to that moial union which must
tali upon lis, u hen we t an so fai pio<.titute outlives as to
become the piom-ets ol sjaveiy in the Territoi tes."
In the Senate, Febutary 26, 1856, Mr, Hale,
in speaking of the conflict, said:
"Good! Good! Sir. 1 hope i > will come; and if It
