2514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
gest to the serious consideration of Senators
Whether we cannot, this year, on the 1st of Octo-
tober next, or at some time that may be agreed
upon, levy a war tax of say ten percent, on all in-
comes without exception, or if any exception is
made, excepting only the very smallest incomes.
This course has been pursued in England several
times ; and I believe there never was a period in
this country when a large income tax, made spe-
cially for this year and for war purposes, would
be so readily and cheerfully paid as new. All
persons who have sources of income, unless they
are fixed incomes, have had their incomes very
largely increased; and I believe they would now
cheerfully payoeii income tax of ten per ccnt. for
this year. I do not intend to offer the propo-
sition without the consent of the Committee on
Finance, and I do not know whether they will
assent to it;'nor shall I press it upon the Senate
unless I think it will obtain its sanction. I know
that many members of the other House are in
favor of assessing this large tax; the Secretary
of the Treasury is in favor of it; and I believe if
Senators will reflect on the circumstances by
which ,we are surrounded, they will see that so
heavy a tax as this could not only be readily col-
lected this year, but would be assented to by all
our people, and would strengthen tfie credit of the
Government by showing that we are disposed to
exercisc our power of taxation to the utmost.
In regard to thependingnmendmcnt,! will-sim-
ply say that all discriminations between rates of
taxation on incomes tend to promote pcijury and
lead to abuse. I do not think that because a man
is wealthy he ought to pay a higher rate of tax-
ation. The effect of such a proposition is genet-
ally to induce a man to resort to subterfuges to
decrease the apparent amount of hjp income, so
as to avoid the payment of the tax. All taxes
are paid more readily when people believe that
they are paid equally by all elasses of citizens.
Because a man is very wealthy, I do not think a
different rule of taxation should be applied to him
any more than because he is poor,
Mr. TRUMBULL, I should like to understand
the Senator ftoni Ohio if he does*not roguul it as
applying a different rule of taxation when the
poor man pays just as high taxes on all articles
lie consumes under this bill as a rich man.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we could frame a sys-
tem of taxation by which we taxed what the rich
man consumes at a higher rate than what the poor
man consumes, it might be then reasonable enough
to consider the Senatorproposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we cannot do that, we
can approximate it by putting a higher tax on the
additional income to some extent.
Mr. SHICRMAN. I think it in very onerous,
and not defensible on principle.
Mr GlilMES. 1 should like to inquire of the
Senator if these distinctions are so odious, why
have the committee recommended a distinction ?
Wo are to have one class of men taxed at five
per cent, and another at seven and a half pet-
cent., according to the report of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. "We simply left in one dis-
crimination. The House of Representatives in-
serted two nnd we have left in one. Perhaps iti 
not defensible; perhaps it i.s belter to have but
one rate of income tax. I think it wftuld be hot-
ter and wiser to have one late, yuy ten per rent,
if yon please, placed on all income. In England
they lmve several times levied two shillings on
the pound and in some eases thi<>e shillings on the
pound on income. Two shillings would be equiv-
alent to ten per cent, and three shillings to fifteen
per ccnt. We can pay a heavier income-tax than
they ever paid in England, especially during the
coniinuanccofthe war, when the inflation of paper
money makes the payment much easier on our
people. We have continued one inequality by
leaving in the increase of two and a half per cent,
above $10,00,0; I think that is enough.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I shall vote for
the amendmentasrecommendcd by the committee,
and would haw pteferred it if it had included in
the motion to strike out so much of the House
bill as proposes any discrimination whatever in
the rates of taxation upon incomes. I do not like
and cannot approve the discrimination, the dis-
tinction in theses of assessment or taxation upon
incomes as proposed by the House bill. I can-
not but regard it as wrong and indefensible in
principle, and I think it will prove to be odious
in practice. It is calculated to excit£ jealousy
and dissatisfaction, and I apprehend that it will
prove, upon experience, if it shall be suffered to
stand, productive of harm, much more than of
benefit, in its operation. I trust, therefore, that
the amendment recommended by the Committee
on Finance to the House bill will prevail, that
this provision will be stricken out; and I hope
further, that if this shall be stricken out, some
member, when it shallJie in-order, will move to
strike out that other provision of the House bill
which imposes a tax of seven and a half per cent. •
upon incomes over $10,000.
Mr. President, the loyal and patriotic people of
this country are not unwilling to be taxed; they
expect to be taxed; and they will be content to
be taxed to the utmost extent which the necessi-
ties of the country may require. They expect,
however, as they have a right to expect, that
these taxes shall be levied upon all classes alike,
according to their several ability, and means to
pay, without prejudice upon the one hand or fa-
voritism upon the other, and in pursuance ofsome
equitable and uniform rule of assessment. Dis-
criminations of this kind, imposing a higher rate
of taxation upon one class of persons than upon
another, and that, too, upon the same subject-
matter of taxation, can hardly fail to be received
with disfavor, jjnd to be a fruitful source of com-
plaint and disaffection. We all concede the im-
portance of avoiding, so far forth as it is practi-
cable to avoid it, m laying these taxes, all just
ground or real cause of complaint. Taxes are re-
garded as a burden,though generally a necessary
burden, upon the people; but when theseburdens
shall be distributed among all classes and all per-
sons upon some just and equitable rule or rate of
assessment, theseburdens will be borne cheerfully
and without complaint'and without murmur by a
patrioticand loyal people. Under a uniformratc of
assessment, whether it be high orlow, the burden
of taxation falls equally upon all, according to their
several means and ability to pay. Under such a
i ule the man of large estate, having a large income,
pays a larger tux or impost than the man of less es-
tate and I'ess taxable income, jusL in the exact pio-
portiun thathisassessed inoome is lurgei than that
of the man of less estate. In thiscase the burden
falls upon the two in the exact proportion to the
relative amount of their respective incomes. We
ought to ask no more and no less. In other
words, and to illustrate, the man who has a tax-
able income, for instance, of $10,000 pays just
ten times as. much on that income as the man
whose income is but $1,000. That is just and
equitable, because both alike, m proportion to
their lespective means, contribute to the support
of the Government; and there is no ground of com-
plaint here, for both pay alike upon the same rate
of taxation. Now, upon what principle of ethics
or of equity would you impose a higher rate of
taxation upon one of these parties than upon the
otlur? 1 am unable to conceive of any. A de-
parture from the old, and recognized, arid estab-
lished rule and practice in reference to the rales
of assessment and taxation, in my judgment, will
be alike unwiseundimpolitic. I am iea(!y to vote
for five per cent., as the bill proposes, or seven
per cent, or even ten per cent, upon incomes; but
let it be unifoim; otherwise it is discriminating
against one class, and that a small class, 1 am
aware. 1 am content, for the present, to vote for
the proposed amendment. "
Air. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I concur with
the honorable member from Vermont that these
discriminations are very impolitic, and are calcu-
lated to produce nothing but disaffection; and i
am by no meanssure that we have a right to make
the discrimination. In relation to dirocttaxcs, or
taxes upon specific property,! suppose it would
ha^ly be maintained that we should have the
power to tax one man's real estate specifically
more than we tax the same kind of real estate in
the hands of another; and if not, we cannot tax
the real estate of a rich man Specifically higher
than we can tax the leal estate of a poor man.
So in relation to his personal property. The rea-
son why in England, and why heie, where income
taxes have been resorted to, a certain extent of
income, a minimum extent of income is exempted
from the operation of the tax, is that it is sup-
posed that that extent is necessary to maintain
the man and his family, on the same principle that
S you exempt from taxation a pauper.
The policy of every country requires of course
that no amount of taxation should be levied in-
consistent with the ability of the citizen to sup-
port himself; and for the same reason all Govern-
ments have exempted from taxation that portion
of property, whether real or personal, without
$vhich it supposes that the owner of it would not
be able to maintain himself and his family. In
England, in 1857, they did exempt from the in-
come tax all incomes less than <£100, and they did
impose a discrimination in the tax upon incomes
between <€100 and <€150, and the incomes which
exceeded .€150. In 1857 and in 1858 that was
done, but the discrimination was not very great;
and in 1850—I do not know how it is now—they
taxed all alike, five pence in the pound, I think.
The honorable member from Illinois, and ap-
parently there would seem to be some force in
the suggestion, thinks that the rich man ought to
pay more by a greater rate of tax upon his in-
come than the poor man, because it is but right
that he should contribute more to th'e siJfjport of
the Government than the other. That is true;
but that is done by this bill whether you discrim-
inate between incomes or not. The rich man
pays more because he is rich,and pays morejust
m proportion as ha is rich; but the question now
is not whether he is to pay more income tax be-
cause he is rich, but whether he is to pay a great
deal more by increasing the rate by which you
tax the income of the poor man. If you cannot
distinguish between the poor and the rich in lay-
ing a specific tax upon real or personal property
of any other description than the personal prop-
erty of which income consists, what justice is
there in discriminating between the income which
one man may receive and which another man
may receive? The view which seems to me to
be demanded by properpolicy, if not upon strictly
legal grounds, is that you should make it what
you please, but make it uniform.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have al-
ready said that I am content for myself to leave
this proposition on the recommendation of the
Committee on Finance, and especially after the
statement of the chairman of the committee. The
consequence of the adoption of their recommend-
ation would be as the chairman has suggested,
that the subject would be still open in the confer-
ence committee between the two Houses; whereas
should we reject their recommendation, the whole
question is closed. Having that view, I should not
have made another remark but for thp principles
that have been advanced by several Senators who
have spoken. The Senator from Ohio, the Sen-
ator fiom Vermont, and also the Senator from
Maryland, all seem to concur in condemnation of
the House proposition as inequitable, as unjust.
Now J am not prepared to go to that extent, and
since that question has been distinctly stated I
desire to call the attention of the Senate to some
very authoritative words of one of the most re-
markable writers who has discussed this subject.
I mean Mr. Say, in his work on Political Econo-
my. He treatsthis questionsomcwhatatlength,
but, as 1 suggested some moments ago, the writers
of France substantially adopt one view on this
question, and the writers of England, with one
great exception, another view. I ask the Senate
to listen to what Mr. Say say^:
"If it be desiied to tax individual income in euch man-
ner to piess lighter, in proportion as that income ap-
proaches to tile confines of hare necessity, taxation must
not only he equitably apportioned, but must press on rev-
enue with pio^osMvegravity.
" fn fact, supposing taxation to be exactly proportionate
to individual income, a tax of ten per cent., for instance, a
family possessed of 300,000f. per annum would pay 30,00l)f.
in taxes, leaving a clear residue of 270,000f. foi the family
expenditure. With such an expendituie the family could
not only live in abundance, but could still enjoy a vast
number of gratifications by no means essential to happi-
ness. Whereas another family, with an income of 300f.
reduced by taxation to STOf. per annum, would, with our
present habits o! life and ways oi' thinking, be stinted in the
bare necessaries of subsistence. Thus a tax merely pm-
poitionate to individual income would be far fiom equita-
ble; and this is probably what Smith meant by declaring it
reasonable that a rich man should contribute to the public
expenses, not merely m pioportion to the amount ot his
levcmie, but even somewhat more. For my part, I have
no hesitation in going further, and saying that taxation can-
not he equitable unless its ratio is progressive."
Then in a note this same eminent writer adds,
after quoting Smith's Wealth of Nations:
"It has been objected that a progressive scale of taxa-
tion presents the disadvantage of operating as a ponulry to
deter activity and frugality from the accumulation of capi-
tal. But it must be obvious thSt taxation of ah kinds Mib-
