THE CONGRESSIONAL. "GLOBE.
April 11,
brought the curse thus upon themselves; and they
are, on the other hand, the subjects also of hemp,
to be raised to the elevation-which only properly
J^!oOfs;to s.ueh traitors.
• .Bat my colleague, [Me,.Long,].in these re-
nj^rknble utterances of his, says that these peo-
ple are entirely free, and that the war has cut
efiHiwifif.all the ligaments and abrogated ail the
obligations which bound them under the Consti-
tuuon. *]V^ark that. X^etus pause a moment more
<Jn that. They have cut themselves free from all
feaments, and all obligations are abrogated! Then
there is-iio. such, thing as a traitor in this land.
Then Jaff. Davis is an honest and patriotic citi-
«e'n,.-entitled to the right band of fellowship. He
httB freed himself- from every obligation. He
owes no-duty to>the law. He owes nothing to
the Constitution. There is no possibility of pur-
suing him and bringing him to punishment with-
out doing him a wrong. And this is the docturie
preached here in an American Congress! A.nd we
are expected not to say that the man who thus
tel.ks.in his place here is unfit to hold a seat in
this House!
A colleague of mine, [Mr. Garfield,] replying
to that other colleague, [Mr. Long,] spoke of
him as a brave, bold man. I agree with him.
He spoke of him, also,as an honest man. Well,
he may be honest. That is between himself and
his God. But 1 find it difficult to understand how
a man, intelligent and able as this speech proves
its-author to be, can be so dangerously wrong,
and y.et with innocent purpose. This speech
was made, not on the spur of the moment, but
After long weeks of careful preparation, of prun-
ing and filing; and it will not do to let him off on
the supposition that it is a mere misapprehension
or mistake 011 his part. 1 tiecept the issue which he
presents. Either he is nil wrong and bad on this
subject, and is stding with the enemies of hiseoun-
try.or wenreull wrong. The memberfiom New
York says we are the diannionists. If so, sir, we
have a singular way of showing it. We the dis-
unionisis on this side of the House; we, whoup-
-hoid the Government; we, who vote men, money,
means, all the men, all the money, at! the means,
all the appliances lor carrying on llie war to
crush ihis unholy rebellion; we the disunion-
| i.sts, ,-tini he, Jorsooth, the Simon Pure patriot of
' the land I
Well, the re is a class of people in this country
who have almost persuade! theniweIves, by fie-
quent repetition, that (hey arc in favor of the
union, while ill the same time by their speeches,
th< ir votes, and their notions, {hoy refuse to do
anything to sustain it; men who even pioclaim
that they arc hi favor of a vigorous prosecution
of the war, too, and y«'t volt; against 'every piao
Ucal measure fm sustaining our armies in the
field. And then these men turn upon us and say,
Weaie with you; we arc in favor of putting;
down this rebellion* wo boluive thai, it can only
budfeenuily crushed by the fitron^arm ofpowor;
but we da not like the way in which you are seek-
ing to accomplish your just object. You sus-
pend thy habeas corpus, you indulge in arbitrary
arrests, you suppress tieedom of .speech. When
the robber in in your house, you will not sit do wu
with us mid count the cost, to see how much it
wdl take to turn him out. When the mm derer is
*0 your home, with his knifeat the throat of youi
wilu imd children, you do not ask him to wait,
as you should, till you can run to the nearest
justice of the peace, make an affidavit, and have
htm regularly arrested according to law, ami there-
lp. c!iuno1 £° with you in your me-isuies." ,
i. here is one classical precedent tor thun m ;
Uiese extiaounnary positions which I beg io com-
mend to gentlemen upon the other side, and 1
Know .there are a ^uod many of them distin-
guished for their knowledge and familiarity with
the English and other classics. If they will look
intoCmihver'a Travels, that admirable and popu-
lar saure of Dean Swifc.aijd see what judgment was
pushed uponUiegieut Man Mountain by his httle
Lilliputian friends upon the occasion of Ins cx-
unguishmg the flames which were destroying the
queen * palace, ^hey will comprehend the*rea-
.sonableness of their objections, it was a good
thing to stop the eomlagration, but very bad to
apply the wrong means for doing it. [Great
laughter.]
But I have been drawn away from n&king your
attention to further most objectionable portions
of the speech on which my colleague is arraigned.
I read again:
"As will be judged, perhaps, by the tenorof these remarks,
t am reluctantly anddespondmgly forced to the conclusion
that the Union is lo>t never to be restored."
Again he says:
li What has been predicted by our wisest and most emi-
nent statesmen has come to pass: in grasping at the shadow
we have ioat the substance; m striving to retain the casket of
liberty in which om jewels were confined we have lost those
precious muniments of freedom. Our Government, as ail
know,is not anythim;resembling whatit was three years ago;
there is not one single vestige of the Constitution remain-
ing; every clause and every letter of it has been violated,
and I have no idea myself that it will ever again be re-
spected.5'
And again;
"Mr. Chairman, i take little or no interest in the dis-
cussion of the question which many of my political friends
would make an issue, as to how this war thai! be prose-
cuted, its manner and objcct. I regard that as worse than
tufhng with the great question. I do not believe there can
he any prosecution of the wai against a sovereign State un-
der the Constitution, and I do not believe that a war so
canied on can be prosecuted so as to render it proper, jus-
tifiable, or expedient."
Then, according to this, we are engaged in a
war which is improper, unjustifiable, inexpedient,
and which cannot bo prosecuted without result-
ing in its consequences in the destruction of our
Constitution and the overthrow of all free gov-
ernment in the land. Must these and other like
expressions pervading the whole of tins elaborate
argument in favor of secession and against pre-
serving the integrity of our nation go unheeded?
I trust not; and I shall greatly have mistaken the
patriotism and digmtyand sense of justice of this
House if they do.
Sir, I desire to say in conclusion, in relation to
this whole matter of the war and our country's
trials, that believing stiong remedies for desperate
diseases may be properly resoi ted to, considering
that constitutional power may sometimes have
been strained, but that it has nof been exceeded,
when gentlemen speak with such holy horror of the
possibility of"ovt;rJenping the Constitution in or-
der to save the country," I confess that i do not see
anything so terrible in that figure. What is the
Constitution? The form and framework of our
system under and through which the people may
carry on their Government. It is, after all, the
form only, and not the life itself. Mark this dif-
ference. The builders of tlits our framework
have provided in itself the mode of its own amend-
ment and renovation; but no such chamtc was
ever contemplated for the nation. The Constitu-
tion may undergo alteration, but the nationality
for which it was made must be one and eternal.
To those, then, who talk idly of permitting this
nation to be destroyed rather than see any pio-
vision of ihe Constitution in the least exceeded,
I say ihnt under the pietense of saving the Con-
stitution they are making war, or encouraging
those who do make war, upon the very existence
of the nation; while we who stand by the Gov-
ernment would try all the powers of that Consti-
tution to the utmost that the nation itself may live.
Mr. VOUIIHEKS. Mr. Speaker, my health is
not such as to pei mit any extensive participation
in this debate. I do not, however, feel at liberty
to allow so important a chapter in the history of
the country to be written without recoiding my
cai nest con victions upon the great quest ion which
is under discussion. During the brief space of
time I shall occupy the iloor I shall notailow my-
self to be drawn to any great extent, at least,away
from the principle which is involved m the motion
to expel the gentleman from Ohio. 1 had notthe
pleasure of hearing the gentleman from Ohio,nor
have 1 yet read his speech. The position, there-
fore, which 1 assume to-day has no reference to
the merits or dements of his sentiments. I stand
upon the naked light, of an Amencan flepicsent-
ative in Congress to utter his own views. He is
not- here to utter my views. He is not here to
utter your views. He is here to inter his own,
responsible in a political sense alone to the peo-
ple who sent him here, and in a moial sense to
the God before whom we all hasten. And when
I find a man seeking to become the judge of his
brother in a matter of private conscience, I find
one who would have burned John Rogeis at the
stake and have piled the fagots around the shriek-
ingvictims at SmkhfieU>v The gentleman fiom
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck>] Wk" just taken his
seat, would have led the mob that pelted the Sa-
viour for the freedom of his opinion. He would
have stood among theScribes and Ph arisees before
the tribunal of Pilate, shouting, " Release Barab-
bas," but as to the Nazarene, " Crucify him!
Crucify him!" Free speech was as odious at
that time on the hills ofJudea asitisnowin these
Halls, and had the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] lived then he would have been its
enemy as he is to-day.
Mr. Speaker, this is an old question.^ There
is nothing new about it. The whole history of
the world is written over in letters of blazing light
with the cherished deeds of the champions of free
speech. The same great record contains the eter-
nal, withering, blasting infamy which forever
clings to those who, as the champions of des-
potism, are to-day seeking to strike it down. I
stop not to determine whether I indorse a man's
opinions. I indorse his right to utter them here
and everywhere. The man who will not do it is
himself a coward, and deserves tobeaslave. Sir,
such men are fit instruments to crush out liberty,
and m the hands of a tyrant to make slavesof the
people.
Let me read from an authority ^before which
the puny light of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] pales like that of a rush candle held up
to the sun at its iierce meridian. I read from
Daniel Webster, whose great intellect is almost
a full atonement to the country forall the faults of
New England:
a When this and the other House shall lose the freedom
of speech and debate; when they shall surrender the right
of publicly and freely canvassing nllimpoitantmeasures of
the Executive; when they shall not be allowed to main-
tain their own authority and their own privileges by vote,
decluiation, or resolution, they will then be rio longer free
repiesrntativcs of a free people, but slaves themselves, aud
lit Monuments to make slaves of others."
Sir, I take my stand on this doctrine. I will
defend it in behalf not only of any man upon this
side of the House, but just as readily in behalf of
a political opponent. In my opinion I have heard
from the opposite "side of this Chamber during
my service m Congress much of treason. No,
not treason, I withdraw the word; treason con-
sists notin language,butinac^s; butl have heard
much that was calculated to destroy and disrupt
the Government; much that was calculated to
weaken the ties that bind us together as one peo-
ple; much that tended to the extinction of liberty
and the oppression of the citizen; much that I
firmly believe is aimed at the destruction of the
Constitution and the erection of an absolute des-
potism. I do not, however, propose to expel mem-
bers for uttering those outrageous sentiments.
They exercise an unquestionable right in giving
them expression. And on the other hand I wlfl
allow no man to call in question my exercise of
a similar right. 1 am alone responsible to my con-
stituents. Who is to be my judge, who is to be
the ai biter here? Who is to say when { shall
speak, and when I shall be silent; what I shall
say, and what f shall not say?
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
when I, supposing he had concluded hisremarks,
rose to address the House a few moments ago,
shoutod back, "Be silent!" Be silent! Sir, he
little dreams of the consequences if he expects to
crack his whip as the satiap of this House, here
or elsewhere. There arc a million and a half of
Democratic voters in this land who will be con-
vulsed with an agony of irrepressible rage when
it is proposed that their Representatives shall be
silent at the bidding of an insolent party, bloated
with unlawful power and steeped in the blood
and tears of the nation.
Sir, I again ask who is to judge the principles
held by a Representative? Who is to be the ar-
biter upon this great question? There can be but
one—his constituents. He stands upon the Con-
stitution. By it his freedom of opinion and of
speech is made secure. It cannot be abridged or
disturbed. He can defy the world, as we here defy
you to lay the weight of your finger on this in-
herent and immortal privilege. We yield to you
your rights, and you shall yield to us ours, or it
at once becomes a question of physical conflict.
I tell you not for a moment to suppose that a gag
can be placed upon the mouths of the free Ameri-
can people withoutblood running, from thehillsof
New England to the mouth of the Columbia—
all over the northern land. It is the last bulwark
