3492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July
A bill (No. 516) for the relief of Frances Mun-
son—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 538) for the relief of the heirs-at-
kw of Colonel Archibald Crary, deceased—to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill (No. 530) for the relief of George Cal-
vert—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 555) for the relief of Horace Gates
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 556) granting a pension to Ezekiel
Darling1—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 557) granting a pension to Joseph
Pike—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 572) for the relief of Sally C. North-
rap—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 404) to authorize departure from
the established mode of sittveyingin certain cases
—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A joint resolution (No. 106) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of certain
moneys therein mentioned*—to the Committee on
Finance.
A jointresolution (No. 118) for the relief of the
sufferers by the late accident at the United Stales
arsenal in Washington, District of Columbia—to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (No. 119) explanatory of a
joint resolution relative to pay of staff officers of
the Lieutenant General—to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
PREVENTION Of SMUGGLING.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 573) making an appropriation to carry into
effect an net to prevent smuggling was read twice
by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will ask the consent of
the Senate to put that bill on its passage, ltonly
makes a small appropriation.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, it
appropriates the sum of $15,000 to enable the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to carry into effect an act
entitled "An act to prevent smuggling, and for
other purposes," passed at the present session of
Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MAJOlt N. S. BRENTON.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of llepiesentatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 328) fortheielief ofMajor N.
S. Bienton, a paymaster in the United States
Army, which was to add at the end of the bill the
following:
If on examining the evidence l>y the Paymaster General,
lie, the Mid Paymaster Gmeriil, shall deem htm justly enti
tied to said credit, but sueh ciedil shall not he allowed wall
out ihe said Paymaster General shall eeuity hi* approval
thOK'Ot*.
The amendment was concurred in.
TELKGItAPII TO TUK PACIFIC.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment ofihe House ofRepresentatives to the lull (S.
No. 290) for mcieaaed facilities of telegiuph com-
munication between the Allanticand PacificStates
and the Territory oflduho, which was to add at
the end of .section three the following words,
t{ whenever so directed by the sender thereof;'* so
thatthe section will read:
Skc. 3. J3nd he \t further enacted, That the afoiesaid com-
pany is antlioiized by tins net to send and leceive dis-
j)ni<'ln'^ on pa\ in<Nit oi the n'^ul.u chaises lot ttan>misMnn
ol <li<i>,nclH.-s over any line that mav now or hereaitor ho
< oustiiieted by the authouty oi aid of f'onpies^, toconnect
with any lin« or lines uutliou/,cd or ejected by the IlusMau
or Huffish Government, and that all dii-patcho- received bv
said line or hue? >duH be iran.-mitted in the oi der ol' their
lecption. and the answers thereto shall be delivered to
Bawl t.'inu'd Wt.iteb Tolegiaph Company for tiansiniss.io-1
overitieir Jineh to tin* oftics1 whuni/o the original inc&sago
wa^Mcnt whenever &o dueeted by the sender thereof.
The amendment was concurred in.
PUOPxiSSORS OF WEST POINT ACADEMY.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of tiie House of Repn-sentaiives to the joint
:eyolntiwn o( the Senate (No. 58) in relation to
.be pi-ofe.ssors of the Military Academy at West
Point; wine}) was, after the woi'ds" eighteen hun-
dred ai'd f,:xty-three,?tojnsert the words "or the
dewiiih section of an act to increase the pay
of soldiers in the United States Army, and for
other pu< poses;5' so that the tesolution will read:
Jlcsoii ed, 4 That thu thirty-first section of the act en-
titled "Au act tor enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes," approved March 3,1863,
or the eleventh section of "An act to increase the pay of
soldiers in the United States Army, and for other purposes,"
shall not be construed to abridge the privileges usually al-
lowed to the professors of the Military Academy of being
absent during the suspension of the ordinary academic
studies m that institution.
The amendment was concurred in.
CAPTAIN DANIEL IlEBARD.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to thejoint
resolution of the Senate (No. 43) authorizing the
settlement of the accounts of the late Captain Dan-
ielHebard of theUnitedStates volunteers; which
was to add at the end of the resolution the follow-
ing:
• And that the like principle of allowance and payment
be observed m the settlement of the accounts of Major
William M. Ehtv, Captain Maxwell, and V. Z. Woodhull,
aid^-de-camp on the staff of Majyr General Robert C.
Schenck, from December22,1862, when they entered upon
their duties on the staff of the commanding gcneial of ihe
Middle department and eighth Aimy corps, until the date
when they respectively received and accepted their com-
missions as aids-de-camp, deducting only from the pay
and allowance of Major E&ty what he'recetved in any part
of that time as a lieutenant of the twenty-sixth regiment
ofOluo volunteer infantry.
Amend the title by adding the words, "and of other
officers."
The amendment was concurred in.
ENLISTMENTS IN TIIE ARMY.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 151) relating to enlistments,
and for other purposes; and,
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That they be leferred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
HORACE GATES.
Mr. FOOT. I am directed by the Committee on
Pensions, to whom wax referred the bill (II. R.
No. 555) for the relief of Horace Gates, to report
it back without amendment and with the recom-
mendation that it pass; and 1 ask for ittf present
consideration. It is a bill from the House of
Representatives granting a small pension to an
aged invalid.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It directs the Secretary of the interior
to place the name of Horace Gates, of Franklin,
in the State of Vermont, upon the roll of invalid
pensions, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
to commence on the 1st of January, 1862, and
continue during his natural life.
The lull was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ACADEMY 01' LITERATURE AND ART.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have a little bill which does
not concern politics, or money, or slavery, and
will take only a minute, which 1 ask the Senate
to take up. Jt is Senate bill No. 341.
Tin* motion wasagieed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 343) to incorporate the National
Academy of Literature and Art, and also to incor-
porate the National Academy ot Moral and Polit-
ical Sciences.
The bill pioposes to declare S. Austin Alii bone,
Pennsylvania; William C. Bryant, New Yoik;
Frederick E. Church, New York; George W.
Curti.s, Now York; Richard H. Dana, Massa-
chusetts; John S. Dwight, Massachusetts; Ralph
W. Emerson, Massachusetts; Fitzgreene Hal-
leek, Connecticut; Oliver W. Holmes, Massa-
chusetts; Henry W. Longfellow,Massachusetts;
James 11. Lowell, Massachusetts; George P.
Marsh, Vermont; Hiram Powers, Ohio; Wil-
liam W. Story, Massachusetts; George Ticknor,
Massachusetts; Henry T. Tuckerman, New
York; Cuban C. Verplanck, New York; Wil- !i
ham D, Whitney, Connecticut; John G. Whit- jj
tier, Massachusetts; Joseph E. Worcester, Mas- !;
sachusetts, their associates and successors duly !:
! chosen, to he a body corporate for the study and
j cultivation of the ancient and modern languages, !■
j letters, and the fine arts, by the name of the Na- '!
! tional Academy of Literature and Art. i'
It also proposes to declare Geoige Bancroft, jl
New York; Henry Ward Beecher, New York; '>
Horace Binney, Pennsylvania; Robert J. Breck- II
inndge, Kentucky; Edward Everett, Massachu- ji
setts; Thomas Ewing,Ohio; Henry W. Halleck, ii
Army of the United States, California; Samuel G.
Howe, Massachusetts; Charles King, New York;
Francis Lieber, New York; J. Lothrop Motley,
Massachusetts; John G. Palfrey, Massachusetts;
Wendell Phillips, Massachusetts; Alonzo Pot-
ter, Pennsylvania; Josiah Q,uincy, Massachu-
setts; Henry B. Smith, New York; Jared Sparks,
Massachusetts; Robert J. Walker, District oi
Columbia; Francis Wayland, Rhode Island;
Theodore D. Woolsey, Connecticut, and their
associates and successors duly chosen, a body
corporate for the study and cultivation of history,
and the sciences which concern morals and gov-
ernment, by the name of the National Academy
of Moial and Political Sciences.
Each of these national academies is to consist
of not more than fifty ordinary members, of whom
not more than ten are to be elected in any one
year. Nominations are to be made and elections
held at the regular annual meeting only, and no
nomination for any kind of membership is to be
acted upon until it shall have been before the
academy for one year, and shall have been consid-
ered by a committee.
Each of these national academies is to have
power to make its own organization, including
its constitution, by-laws, and rules and regula-
tions; to fill all vacancies created by death, resig-
nation, or otherwise; to provide for the election
of foreign and domestic members, what number
shall be a quorum, the division into classes, and
all other matters needful or usual in such insti-
tutions, and to report the same to Congress.
Each of these national academies is to hold an
annua! meeting at such place in the United States
as may be designated, and whenever requested
by any department of the Government is to in-
vestigate, examine, and report upon any subject
within their respective provinces, it being under-
stood thatthe actual expenses, if any, are to be
paid from appropriations which may be made for
the purpose, but the academies are to receive no
compensation whatever for any services to the
Government of the United States.
Mr. McDOUGALL.. A gentleman, an Eng-
lishman, established the foundation for an institu-
tion that was national in its character,and has been,
and 1 trust for a long period of time will continue
to be, of great value to our country; but I do not
think it is the office of the Federal Government
to establish the foundations of any of these socie-
ties. We have been at work here very industri-
ously m aggregating to the Federal authority
powers that properly belong to the States them-
selves, and powers notconferred upon the Federal
Government either by the express terms of the
Constitution or by any implication.
I should be glad to see established in this coun-
try that same system of academic institutions
that now exists in France. 1 am to some extent
an admirer of their academical arrangement, to as
great an extent probably as the Senator fiom Mas-
sachusetts; but it is not within the limit of our
power as Senators, Representatives, and Presi-
dent; it is an authority not conferred upon us by
the Constitution of the United States. There is
an intense tendency to accumulate power about
the central Government, and I hold it to be my
duty to resist that tendency for the public health.
There is none who would be more pleased than
myself to see such institutions established among
us. The names recited in the proposed act of in-
corporation are names familiar to my ear, and I
am aware that they are men who would do excel-
lent service and reflect honor upon their respect-
ive departments, and be known well throughout
the Republic and known abroad.
But, sir, that is not the question. We have not
the pretense of the right to do this thing. The
limit of our power to incorporate—and I have
always made this distinction—is in and about the
business of the Federal Government in the mainte-
nance ofthe offices that belong to the Federal Gov-
ernment,and the incorporation o'f academical in-
stitutions for the promotion of art and science is
foreign to those offices. I tiust I take as earnest an
interest in their promotion as does the gentleman
who now proposes to take up this bill; I take as
deep an interest as he in everything that belongs
to the progress of civilization; but those things
have to be done according to some form of rule
or law, and by virtue of some competent author-
ity. It does not exist in the Federal Govern-
ment; and there is no one who has studied the
