1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405-
&ion to Francis Chnrlcs Weekly, who gallantly joined the
twelfth regiment ot Massachusetts, before the light at Get-
tysbuig, and was twice wounded in that batik'.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr.THOMASalso introduced abill to incorpo-
rate the District of Columbia Railroad Company;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
PREEMPTION CLAIMS.
Mr. BENNET introduced a bill amendatory
of the act of June 2,18G2, in regard to preemption
claims in Colorado; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
RELIEF OF DENVER CITY.
Mr. BENNET also introduced a bill for the
relief of the citizens of Denver City, in the Ter-
ritory of Colorado; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
PRESERVATION OF BUFFALO.
Mr. BENNET also introduced the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be in-
structed to inquire into the piopriety of enacting a law to
restrain the wanton destruction of buffalo upon the great
western plains by the white ennai ants dating the fcpiing and
summer months, and report by bill or otherwise.
REBELLION LOSSES.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee of Claims a bill to provide
for ascertaining and adjusting claims against the
Government for injuries to and destruction of prop-
erty by the Army of the United States, or by mili-
tary authority, during the present rebellion; which
was read a first and sefeond time, recommitted to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
prin ted.
BOUNTY LANDS TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. NOBLE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on l'en<ions be dueetcd
lo inquire into the piopuery of giaminji bounty land-; to all
soldier of the United States m the existing war who have
been or may he honorably discharged ; am! also all soldiers
who seived in the war with the Indians in Oregon, and
who have been hunoiablj discharged } and that f-aid com-
mittee icpoit hy hill or ntliervvi'-'i;.
CAPTURED COTTON.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill relating to the capture of cotton and
the disposition thereof by the military forces of
the United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
COMMUTATION MONEY.
Mr. ELDR1DGE asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Hcieuuy of Wai he icquned, and he
hereby required, to furnish to this IIoum? infoimation as
to the amount of moneys leceived up to this time ioi com-
mutation by diatted men; al?o. what disposition ha« been
made of said moneys, if substitutes have been putehavod
lot dial ted men, how many, when;, and who have been pro-
cured as such substitute^. What Miiri has been paid for
each, and \\ hcthej loi white* or black, and how much lor
each.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Punting, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That ten thousand additional copies of the pa-
peis on the subject of fuieign afFan-. which accompanied
the Pic.-hfent'* annual me-^a<i«'5 he punted for the um: of
the rftate Depaiuner.t.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. lam willing
to vote for nit the additional copies necessary, but
it seems to me that ten thousand copies is agreater
number than theie is any necessity forprinting. I
hope the gentleman will permit the resolution to be
amended so as to make the number live thousand.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If I can be in-
dulged for an instant, I would say that the num-
ber of ten thousand copics is requested by the
Secretary of State; and he expressed to me his
very earnest desire that that number should be
alio wed, assigning this reason for it: that the dip-
lomatic correspond',-nee of the Government is the
only mode that the Government has of stating
its case authentically and fully to the nations of
Europe. If it is not allowed to state it in that
form it will be driven to the very questionable
if not disreputable method of buying up the pub-
lic press of Europe, as the rebels are in the habk
of doing continually, for the purpose of manufa®
turing public opinion. The Secretary thought it
better to have an authentic declaration of the opin-
ions of the Government spread before the nations
of Europe, official in form, for which we are re-
sponsible, and carrying with it the weight of offi-
cial declarations. He said the first thousand
copies did not at all approach supplying the ne-
cessities of the case, but that at least the number
he asks could be usefully disposed of.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I simply desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Printing to incor-
porate into that resolution the printing of ten
thousand copies of McClellan's report. We are
annoyed to death with applications for it not only
' from vaiious individuals in the western country,
| but nearly every officer in the Army from my sec-
| tion of the country has wiitten tome, " For God's
sake send me a copy of that report."
Mr. A. W.CLARK. The Committee on Print-
ing have reported in favor of printing that report,
and it is now being printed and will soon be ready
for delivery to the members of the House.
| Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Was that in favor of an
! additional number, or orly for the usual number?
Mr. A. W. CLARK. The usual number.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. That only gives to each
member about forty copies. The demand is so
gieatthdt it appears to me that the public exigen-
cies require that we should print a greater number.
Mr. GRINNELL. I will say to the gentle-
man from Illinois that I wdl supply him with my
portion. [Laughter.J
Mr. COX. I suppose the gentleman does not
want his people to read the truth.. That is the
amount of his remark.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 simply suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Printing that he
incoi porate the amendment I have suggested into
his resolution, and that we print ten thousand ad-
ditional copies of that report.
Air. A. W. CLARK. I will state, in answer
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. J. O. Allen,]
that that matter was referred to the Committee on
Printing a day or two since. The committee have
held no meeting since, but we shall meet to-mor-
iow, when tin; question will come up.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I hope the committee will
hold a medina: soon, and report the lesolution.
Mi. WILSON. I wish to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Printing if he can state to the
Houee the amount which it will cost to print the
additional ton thousand copies.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. Probably quite a large
amount, for it is a large book.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think we ought to
pass on this resolution withoutknowing what the
cost will be, and 1 suggest, therefore, that the
resolution be postponed until the committee can
fumhh us with that information.
Mr. COX.. 1 hope the resolution will not be
postponed. Gentlemen upon the other side of the
House ask for the printing of the documents is-
sued by one of the Departments. Gentlemen upon
this side of the House do not make any objection
to laying before the people all that has been done
in all the Departments of the Government. Let
this document be printed, and let it have full |
circulation. Let ail books be punted that are j
connected with the public service. We do not i
objectupon this side of the House. We are anx- 1
ioiis to have this diplomatic correspondence cir- i
eulated: whether it will do the Secretary good or '
not, no matter; let it be laid before the nation
Hut I do hope and trust that my friend fiom ,
New York [Mr. A. W. Clark] wdl report a res- j
olution for the printing of an additional number of i
General McClellan's repoit,so that the demand for ,
it by the people may be satisfied. And I will say ,
to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Giu>:nell] that |
his own constituents have written to members j
upon this side of the House asking for this report >,
of General MoClcllan, begging for it, and demand- ,
ing to know why it has been kept back so long j
from the public. We can distribute three times j
the number already ordeied. I hope my friend :
ftoru New Yoik will huiry on the icsoiution for |
the printing of additional copies. I
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Whydidnot i!
the gentleman put in a larger number in hison*
ginal resolution ?
Mr. COX. 1 did not know that the House would
be so generous. 1 did not knowThere would be
such a demand for the report. I did not know
that General McClellan would be so popular all-
through the country, almost equal to General'
Grant himself. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not quite.'
Mr. WILSON, 1 will state, in reply to ths-
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] that thediplo-*
matic correspondence lias already been .printed,
so that the appeal which he makes to have-that
correspondence printed has no force whatever.
The book has been printed, and is now, I under-
stand, ready for distribution. The type has been
distributed, and if we order an additional num-
ber the whole work will have Xo be done over
again. I want to know before I vote on thisres-
oJution what it is going to cost. I suggest, there-
fore., to the gentleman from New York" that he
postpone this resolution or withdraw it, as he can
repoit at any time, until he can give this inform-
ation to the House.
Mr. POMEROY. Itseems to me that this dis-
cussion is taking a wide range not germane at all
to the question before the House. The question
is a very simple one. Under the rule established
last session there have been printed, without any
order from the House, simply the number of one
thousand copies of the diplomatic correspond-
ence for the use of the State Department. That
will not even supply the consulates and offices of
the Government. Itis the only work issuing from
the Department of the Secretary of State and
giving a history of the intercourse of this Govern-
ment with foreign Governments.
Mr. WILSON. Can the gentleman state the
entire number of copies printed by the order of
the House?
Mr. POMEROY. Seven thousandfortheHouse
and one thousand for the State Department. But
I am talking now only about the State Depart-
ment. I say thatonly one thousand copies have
been ordered for the State Department, and that
too of the only book issued from that Department
giving to the country and to the world any his-
tory at all of its business during the past year.
Now, there is no man in this country who does
not know that the public interest within the past
year has been more drawn to our foreign inter-
course than to any other subject in our political
history. Foreign intervention is the rock upon
which the world at large and our enemies at home
expected us to split. There is no subjcct upon
which to-day the people of this country demand
and have aright to demand light more than upon
that subject.
Mr. DAWES. I would ask the gentleman if
there is any objection to our knowing what this
will cost?
Mr. POMEROY. I will say this, that if we are
going to prmtany additional copiesatall, the cost
of seuing in type and getting ready to print five
thousand copies will be almost equal to that of
printing ten thousand copies.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of that, but justfor
the curiosity of the thing I should like to know
the cost. If the gentleman has any objection to
stating it I will yield my curiosity; but it strikes
me that there cannot beany real objection to stat-
ing the cost.
Mr. POMEROY. If the gentleman will yield
his curiosity, I prefer that he should, because it
seems to me the question is here whetheranyad-
ditional copies of the correspondence shall be
printed or not. It is not a question of one, three,
five, or ten thousand copies, because if the type
be set at all there should be an edition published
such as will be satisfactory to the Secretary of
State, and such as he says the wants of the coun-
try demand.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand thateight thou-
sandcopiesof thisbookhave beenalready ordered. %
Mr. POMEROY. Seven thousand for this
Hous e and one thousand for the Department of
State.
Mr. STEVENS. As these copies have not been
distributed, I propose that we shall divert two
thousand of those ordered by the House to the
use of the Department of State, so as to give the
Secretary a sufficient number. I am quite sure
the House dues not care much for such excellent
reading. Let me state now that the public print-
