3494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
the subject connected with the report just made.
It would accumulate questions very inconven-
iently to have anymore subjects introduced until
these are disposed of. The question is on the in-
definite postponement of the subject alluded to by
the Senator fiom Ohio.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desiie to say a word on
that subject. This resolution was examined be-
fore a committee of which 1 am a member early
in the session. It passed when I wasabsentfrom
the Senate. It 1ms now been to one committee of
conference, but my idea is that it should go to
another committee, and that some compromise
should be made between the two Houses on the
subject-matter to which the resolution relates. It
is an old case, and one of some difficulty, involv-
ing a very considerable amount of money. I ap-
prehend that another committee of conference
might be more fortunate than the one that has
already had this subject in charge, and might ad-
just the differences between the two Houses upon
this subject. If the motion to indefinitely post-
pone this subject should not prevail, I will move
the appointment of another committee, in the hope
that upon an additional meeting some agreement
can be come to.
Mr. WADE. The committee, after conferring
together a Jong tune, came to the conclusion that
there was no hope of any agieernent on the sub-
ject; and the committee of the Senate instructed
me to m,ovc its indefinite postponement. It is a
pnvate claim; and it was the opinion of the com-
mittee that that would be the best way to dispose
of it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. This claim involves about
$100,000. As the gentleman says, it is a private
claim, but it is one of a very unusual magnitude,
and 1 think before it is decided—because the
postponement decides it—ii should be considered
by another committee of confeience. I am con-
tent wjih my point of view that there should be
an adjustment or compromise of tlie question be-
tween the two Mouses, and I think it ought to be
attempted in all reason and fairness. I hope the
motion to postpone indefinitely will not prevail,
and ihat another committee vviil be appointed and
a reasonable effort made to adjust the difficulty
between the two Houses. Il that should fail it
will then be time enough to postpone it indefi-
nitely.
Mr. POME ROY. This irsoiution has been
before this body for yeais. It has been befoie a
committer* of which I am a member for a long
time, I know, i do not believe we shall ever get
to any agreement about it. 1 have never seen
any two men that could ugive about it. 1 be-
lieve the committee of which I was a member
agieed upon $25,000, but theie have been reports
made upon this claim all the way up fiom $£3,000
to $40,000, ^60,000, and ^120,000, and all sorts
of amounts have been awauh'd at different times
by different committees to these panics. { do
not believe any committee can ever agree about
it. 1 never saw a committee that could ogree
Upon it. 1 think we might as well dispose of u.
The PliljSIDING OKFICliR, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the indefinite
postponement of the joint resolution.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The ye;ts and nays weieoidcied.
Mi. BUCKALEW. ! am leluctant to add
any obsei wuions upon th.s bill, especially at this
time of night, hut it men's mou: attention than
it is receiving. J shall muku no allusion to the
early history oft his Hnim, nor to its position be-
fore a formei CoinpHolh r of the Treasury. It is
unnecessary to enter upon that debate. I take
the case m its more iec< nt aspects; for, sir, the
Postmaster General of the United States, being
clearly pei suaded thai the Government ought, not
to pay tins demand, obtaiivd the taking of a mass
of evident t m New Yot k, which I have examined,
and from the examination of which 1 am con-
vincd, thoroughly (\ou\inced, profoundly con-
vinced, that in the Court of Claims, to which it
is proposed by the it solution of the House of Rep-
resentatives that tins subject shall he referred,
theclaim would notbe allowed, would be rejected.
There being, m my opinion, no legal obligation,
I am agreed that the question between the two
Houses shall be compromised, and that a sum
shall be allowed to tljese parties, and a liberal
allowance; but I am advmse, after the examina-
tion I have made, to the allowance of this largo
amount. 1 think it is excessive and inordinate.
In the month of January, 1853, ceitam capital-
ists in the city of New York organized them-
selves into a company under the name of the Mex-
ican Ocean and inland Company. The next
month two of their officers obtained this contract
fiom the Post Office Department, subject to the
ratification of Congress, for carrying the mail
across Mexico. Immediately after the contract
was made it was assigned to the coiporation by
the person who made it. It was held by that
company. The summer following that corpora-
tion, through its president, notified the Postmaster
General that they would proceed to piovide them-
selves with the necessary animals and convey-
ances for carrying the mail and for executmgthe
agreement. The Postmaster General wrote to
them that he was opposed to the contract. In
December following, when Congress met, the
Postmaster General recommended to the two
Houses that the contract ought not to be confirmed,
and it was not, and never has been.
The evidence taken in the city of New York
recently at the instance of thcPostmasterGeneral
proves most conclusively that every dollar of out-
lay for which this claim is presented was made
by the corporation to winch 1 have alluded, and
not one dollar of it by these claimants. That cor-
poration subsequently became insolvent, and its
affairs went into the hands of a receiver. If the
Government recognizes this claim it is of couisu
to be paid to the corporation that has the legal
and the real interest, or rather it ought to go
through the course of settlement of the affaus of
that corporation and eventually reach itscreditors.
These parties, then, having no real interest, not
having expended, as the proof shows, one dollar
of their own money, propose going before the
Comptroller, and under the reading of a former
law, obtain an award for the sum of $100,000 or
something like that. 1 am opposed to that. In
my opinion, they are not entitled in point of law
to a single dollar.
There was another feature in this case. By
the records of this corporation it was shown that
at one time they appropriated twenty thousand
shares of stock for the purpose of procuring le-
gislation in Congress; at another time fifteen thou-
sand shares of stock to the same object; and at
another time an appropriation of ten thousand
shares. These facts appeared lecently by an ex-
amination of the books of this company pi oduced
by Mr. Wakeman of the city of New York.
Much to his credit, he exerted himself indust'u-
ously and obtained this exhibition.
The postponement of this report is substantially
a decision by the Senate that this chum shall be
paid, and that the whole of it shall be paid with-
out compromise, without mitigation, without
deduction to the full extent to which a technical
construction of the act, of 1856 may carry the ac-
counting officers of the Government. 1 mightgo
on anil show the case in a much stionger light
upon other points. But, sii, I insist upon it that
it should be sent, and upon this showing 1 think
this Senate ought to send the subject to another
committee, that it may be looked at before we
chaige the Government with the payment of this
whole amount.
Mr. POMEROY. The motion is to postpone
it indefinitrly.
Mr. BUCKALEW, The Senator is mistaken.
The indefinite postponement of this resolution
leaves this ease before the Comptroller of the
Tieasury ,aud accoi ding to the construction given
by the claimants and the officer himself, he is
bound to go on under the technical construction
of the act of 1856 and assess the whole amount
of damages. By postponing this report you de-
cree that the whole sum shall be paid.
Air. CARL1LE. If the evidence be as con-
clusive as the Senator from Pennsylvania sup-
poses it to be, and the Comptioller, to whom this
subject is by law referred for settlement, be an
honest man, of sufficient sagacity to understand
the force of evidence, the object winch the Sen-
ator has in view will he accomplished. I hold that
this Government is cstoppi d from going behind
|| its own act in 1656. 1 think a solemn law of Con-
|! gress should be us binding upon tin* Government
(j as iS ;i bond executed by an individual; and that
;; bond we all know estops him from introducing
{I evidence contradictory toit. In W56—-andl main-
tain that we are estopped from going behind it-
Congress by law declared that this claim should
be referred to the Comptroller of the Treasury,
and his award should be paid. That is the claim
as it now stands. In pursuance of that law this
subject was before the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury for settlement and adjudication under it; evi-
dence, as the Senatorsays, has been taken in New
Yoik and elsewhere; and the decision would have
been had but for the act of the present Postmas-
ter General coming into this Congress and bring-
ing the subject again before the representatives
of the people, and getting through the House of
Representatives the resolution which is now be-
fore the Senate. There is not a dollar appropri-
ated under any provision here, and the Comp-
troller is limited m his action under that law to
ascertain the actual expenditures and outlays of
these parties, and his award, if favorable to them,
cannot be beyond a reimbursement of those actual
expenditures.
This contract with them was made prior to
1856, of course, or there could have been no legis-
lation subsequent to it. It was made by the then
incumbent of the Department. His successor
was Mr. Campbell, of Pennsylvania, who took
a very decided and active stand in opposition to
these men. Congress, to get rid of the whole
subject and in order that justice might be done
between the Government atul these parties, en-
acted the law of 1856; and this subject \vbuld
not have been again befoie tins body but for what
I presume were the prejudices inherited from Mr.
CampbeH. If the Senate shall concur in the mo-
tion indefinitely postponing thissuhject, if noth-
ing is due to these men, nothing Wjlt be obtained
by them under the award that the Comptroller
will make. If we should now interfere with that
legislation, in my humble judgment it would be
a repudiation on the part of this Government of
its own solemn act, as well as an imputation upon
the honesty and sagacity of the Comptroller be-
foie whom the subject now is.
Mr. CONNESS. Th.s subject was before the
committee of which I happen to be a member, and
I entirely agree with the views of the Senator
fiom Pennsylvania upon the subject, i can state
in addition that that Senator gave the subject the
most thorough examination,and unquestionably
nrnved at the most accurate conclusions in rela-
tion to it. I do not think that whatever action
we may take here, if it should jesult in withdiaw-
nigthe ease fiom the examination of the Comp-
troller of the Treasury, can be construed as an
imputation upon that officer or an expression of
a waiitofcontidence in him. The difficulty of the
case as it is before that officer is this, that he is
called upon to determine U in view of statutes
difficult of construction. That is hi?? difficulty,
and that is the difficulty that the Government
stands in, and the liability that there is for that
officer to make an error against the Government
in the determination of the question.
I think the true determination of the question
is the mode pointed out by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania; and that is not to indefinitely postpone
it, because, as he says, that leaves the question
where it is, before the Comotrollci of the Tieas-
ury, but to refuse to indefinitely postpone, dis-
charge the committee of conference, recede fiom
the Senate amendment, and let these parties go to
the Courtof Claims,and let them get whatever they
are entitled to. 1 will not express any opinion of
my own as to what that sum should be, because
if we pursue that couise we shall send it to an-
other tribunal to determine that question. My de-
cided opinion is that that is the most justand cor-
rect couise, and I hope the Senate wi'll take it.
Mr. WADE. 1 am not, certainly at this stage
of the session, going to enter into any veiy elab-
orate argument on this subject. I also was one
of those who investigated this claim on the Com-
mittee on Post Officosand Post Roads some four
or five years ago, and 1 think I know something
about it. I know that some seven or eight or
nine years ago this whole matter was referred to
the Comptroller of the Treasury to investigate
and report upon; he proceeded with it, and it is
now in his hands; and he is as perfectly com-
petent to lender a just judgment upon it ys any
couit m ciu istendom.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator will allow
me to correct him. Mr. Whittlesey was then
Comptroller of the Tiea:,ury. Great confidence
