2518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred'and fifty-one, line three, to strike out the
words " the proper" and to insert the word "a,"
and after the word "stamp" insert " or stamps
of the proper amount;9' and in line six, after the
word" stamp," to insert" or stamps to the proper
amount*," so that the section will read:
Sec. 151. And ie it further enacted, That it shall not be
lawful to record any instrument, document, or paper re-
quired bylaw to be stamped, unless a stamp or stamps of
tiie proper amount shall have been affixed; and the record
of any such instrument, upon which the proper stamper
stamps aforesaid shall not have been affixed, shall be ut-
terly voids and shall not be used in evidence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I donotseerriyselfhowwe
are toma%ethislaw with reference to stamps har-
monize with the existing laws of the Slates. We
say in this section that it shall not be lawful to
record an instrument, or document, or paper un-
less it is stamped, and yet this Recording is done
under the laws of the Sttftes, ana the recorder is
required to record all instruments presented to
him. He is liable to heavy penalties if he does
not do so, and it is not his fault if the stamp is
not affixed to the instrument. 1 do not see pre-
cisely how this statute is going to be in harmony
with the existing laws of the States; nor do I see
how we can protect the rights of third parties un-
der it. Suppose a man in one of our States (and
our State jaws are alike in this respect) writes to
another and asks him to ascertain whether the
title to a certain piece of land he wants to buy is
in the man proposing to sell it. That person goes
to the recorder's office and finds that it is; it
so stands on the record; but no man can tell
whether those deeds \vere stamped or not. In
that way an innocent purchaser of land may be
defrauded of his title entirely. While I cannot
suggest exactly the proper amendment, I can see
some difficulties that may arise under this section,
though ( do not know how they can be remedied.
1 do not see how we can say that a man who is
required to record a deed shall not record it unless
there is a stamp attached to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is aware
that within the constitutional limits the laws of
the United States are supreme, and they ccfntrol
State laws. Therefore'the supreme obligation
may be imposed upon an officer of the State so
far as a record is concerned. But there is no mil
effect given to the word " lawful" in the second
line of the amendment beyond that which follows
in the next sentence which says the record shall
be invalid.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to ask the Senator,
if I should prosecute a iccording officer in my
State for refusing to record a deed without a
stamp being affixed according to the provisions
of this act, could he plead this statute in court?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see why he
could not if we had the right to pass the law,
because the laws of the United States are para-
mount in all cases.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the very question,
whether we have the right to pass the law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That! have no doubt
about. We have a right to impose excise duties,,
and of course we have all iheincidental lights to
see that the laws imposing those duties are
obeyed and carried into execution.
Mr. POMEROY. .The point I suggest is,
whether we have the right to say to an officer of
a State that he shall not record an instrument
without this stamp.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; just as much
right as we have to say that the citizen of any
State shall not do a tiling, and the law of the
State obliging him to do it would nut excuse him.
Mr. POM EROY. The States had some rights
before the rebellion. I do not know whether
they have any now or not.
Mr. F ESS EN DEN. They never had that
right, to make their laws supreme over the laws
of the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. But did the United States
ever have the power to make its laws supreme
over the law of the State if the State law was not
in contravention of the Constitution of the United
States?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is in contnwention of
a law passed under the Constitution of the United
States, and tj^at is the same thin^j if it comes m
conflict with U u must yield. 'Ihe only effect,!
take it, however, of using that expression is found
in the next sentence, which says that the record
shall be invalid and of no effect. I do not see
that there is any doubt about it myself.
Mr. JOHNSbN. What page is that on ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is on the 303d and 203d
pages, and I should like to have the opinion of the
honorable Senator from Maryland on that sec-
tion.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not feel disposed, a<s
the bill is in Committee of the Whole, to make
any point on this matter. It can be alluded to
now, and a motion made in regard to it in the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Undoubtedly.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I cannot myself under-
stand this proposition. I do not see where the
power of Congress is to interfere with an internal
matter of State regulation respecting the record-
ing of titles to lands. But I do not mean to stop
the progress of the bill now by discussing it. 1
have had some conversation with the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] on the subject,
and I think he'proposes to make some amend-
ment, but he is not now in his seat.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This amendment can be
adopted, and any amendment nccessary to perfect
it can be suggested hereafter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment has already been adopted.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and fifty-four, line twenty-three, to strike
out the word "any" where it occurs the second
time, and to strike out the words "got off" and
insert " remove;" in line twenty-four to strike
out the words " got off" and insuit the word " re-
moved;" and in line thirty to insert the word
" any" before the word " stamped."
. The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and fifty-five, line four,after the word "there-
upon" to insert the words "the initials of his
name and;" so that the clause will read:
Sfc lf>5. Jlmlbc itfuithcr cnacted, That in any and all
cases where an adhesive stamp ?>hal! he used tor denoting
any duty imposed by tins act, except as hereinafter pro-
vided, the poison UMiig or affixing the same shall write
thereupon the initials of his name and ihe date upon which
the same shall be attached or used, so that the same may
not again he used.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I thftik there ought to be
some way of erasing or destroying these stamps
entirely different from the Arrangement under the
existing law, and from what is proposed in this
bill, I notice that the Postmaster General, in a
teport that he made, stated that the amount of
postage stamps that had boon redeemed that had
been used a second time amounted to very many
thousand dollars, simply because men have man-
ufactured some chemical process by which they
can take off the ink mark, and leave the stamp as
perfect as it was before, in our large bank cor-
porations, where notes are paid every dayi there
is a large amount of paid notes with these stamps
affixed; the stamps are no't destroyed, and they
could be used again if they would only erase the
ink. That any chemist can do with little or no
trouble, it occurred to nio that if the committee
could frame an amendment by which the stamp
should be destroyed more effectually, punched or
effaced in some way, so that it could not be used
again by a process of that kind, it would prevent
a great many of them being used a second time.
It would at least prevent a great temptation which
is certainly held out in some of our banking in-
stitutions, where the clerks have access to a large
amount of paid notes, the stamps on which have
never been effaced except by writing .the initials
of a name across them and putting the date on
them. Wheneverthe ink is taken off,those stamps
can be used a second time; they are not counter-
feit; andtheimposition can be practiced upon any-
body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inquire of my
friend if he has anything to propose.
Mr. POMEROY, Yes, sir, I have an amend-
ment which I thought I should propose to this
section requiring the stamp to be punched. 1 will
prepare an amendment that the stampshall be so
entirely destroyed that it cannot be'used again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is very easily said.
The question is, how is it to be done?
The PRESIDENT pra tempore. The reading
of the bill will proceed.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and fifty-five, line eleven, after the word
"provided" to strike out the word " neverthe-
less;" and in line seventeen to insert the words
"made under the direction and to be;'* so that
the proviso will read:
Provided, That anv proprietor or proprietor of proprie-
tary articles, or articles subject to stamp duty under sched-
ule C of this act, shall have the privilege of furnishing,
wWiout expense to the United States, in suitable form, to
be approved by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, his
or their own dies or designs for stamps to- be used thereon,
to be made under the direction and to be retained in the
possession of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue for his
or theirseparate use, which shall not be duplicated to any
other person.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was to insertat the end of
section one hundred and fifty-seven the following:
And such instrument, document, or paper, bill, draft,
order, or note, shall be deemed invalid and of no effect.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do*Viot like that amend-
ment proposed by the committee. It proposes to
declare every instrumentof writing which requires
a stamp to be absolutely null and void if it has
not that stamp affixed. 1 donotthink that should
be the case. The purpose of the section is to se-
cure revenue, and it seems to me there is abund-
ant guard by imposing in the body of the section
as it came from the House a penalty on the party
who makes an instrument requiring a stamp with-
out affixing the same, and also a penalty upon the
party who shall receive, accept, or pay such an
instrument that requires a stamp. 1 would not
insist that the instrument should be valid until
stamped; but if the parties by carelessness or inad-
vertence should neglect to stamp tfie instrument,
which in my own professional observation very
often occurs, the interest of the Government in
securing a revenue is equally promoted by allow-
ing them to stamp it afterwards, and let the instru-
ment then be a valid one, I^propose to amend the
amendment by adding these words, " until duly
stamped, which may be done by the holder if the
party making the same refuse so to do;" so that
the amendment, if amended, will read:
Audtmch instrument, document, or paper, bill, draft, or-
der, or note shall be deemed invalid and of no cftect until
duly stamped, which may be done by the holder if the p^rty
maicing'the same refuse so to do.
The Government secures her revenue, but does
not defeat what was intended perhaps to be a fair
contract between the parties. It seems to me the
chairman will not object to this amendment to the
amendment.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Ifthatamendmentshould
be adopted 1 should regard the stamp act as of
very little value. The House of Representatives
left out this clause, which the committee propose
to insert. There was very little discussion about
it, and there is not usually much opportunity for
discussion given in the House of Representatives
upon these bills. Two years ago we had a pro-
vision of the same kind. The provision was con-
sidered in committees of both branches, and it
was considered at length in the House of Repre-
sentatives and in the Senate, and aftdr delibera-
tion adopted. It has been found tobe productive
of no injury, for the reason that Congress is al-
ways ready to prevent any essential injury arising
under it. In the first place, we extended the time
for the act to go into operation for many months
so far as that particular clause was concerned,
and we have now inserted a clause in a subse-
quent part of this bill by which we provide that
no instrument heretofore executed without a
stamp shall be invalid; and it may be that we shall
have to do the same thing again in order to pre-
vent difficulties.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will allow
me, since 1 proposed my amendment my atten-
tion has been called by a member of the Commit-
tee on Finance -to a proviso to section one hun-
dred and sixty-two, which, if it is not changed
as proposed by the committee, would perhaps
accomplish what 1 think ought to be secured:
Provided, That no instrument, document, or paper made,
signed, or issued prinr or subsequent *.? the passage of this
act without being duly stamped, or having thereqn an ad-
hesive stamp to denote the duty imposed thereon, shall, for
that cause, if the stamp or stamps required shall be subse-
quently affixed, he deemed invalid and of no effect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee propose
to strike out the words " or subsequent" in that
proviso.
Mr. HENDRICKS. So I observe, and it pre-
sents the same question which I now raise.
