THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
New Series No. 32.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1864.
can change the status or condition of either per-
son or property.
Now, sir, the confiscation act proceeds upon
the distinct ground thatthe war is a rebellion, and
that those engaged in it are rebels. The first sec-
tion provides that every person who shall com-
mit the crime of treason against the United States,
and shall bo adjudged guilty thereof, shall suffer
death, and all his slaves, if any, shall be declared
and made free; or, at the discretion of the court,
ho shall be imprisoned for notless than five years,
and fined not less than ten thousand dollars, and
all his slaves be declared free; and that said fine
"shall he levied and collected on the property,real
and personal, excluding slaves, of which the per-
son was the owner when the crime was com-
mitted.
The second section provides that if any person
shall heieafter incite, set on foot, assist, or engage
in any rebellion or insurrection against the au-
thority of the United States, or the laws thereof,
or shall give aid or comfort thereto, or shall en-
gage in or give aid or comfort to any such exist-
ing rebellion or insurrection, and be convicted
theieof, he shall be punished by imprisonment for
a period not exceeding ten years, or by line not ex-
ceeding ten thousand dollais, or both of said pun-
ishments.
Section five—and the objections from the other
side are mainly to this section—provides that, to
insure the speedy termination of the present re-
bellion, property may be seized by the President
in certain cases withouttrial and conviction of the
owner, and applied for the support of the Army,
after condemnation as provided in the subsequent
sections of the act. Thus the whole bill is based
upon the fact that the war is a rebellion, and the
penalties are against those engaged in it as rebels
and because tkey me tebtls.
Now, sir, letus fora moment examine the argu-
ments u«ed by gentlemen upon the other side of
the House against the constitutionalj'ty of the law.
"It is said that the law is unconstitutional be-
cause it takes the real estate of persons engaged
in a war against the Government and forfeits ft in
fee; that the personsare de facto and de jure trai-
tors; that their acts constitute the crime of treason
as defined by law; and that by the provisions of
the Constitution no attainder of tieason shall
woik corruption of blood, or forfeituie except
during the life of the poison attainted. The an-
swer is, there is no attainder of treason under the
law. What is an attaint? There nevei has been
such a thing in this country. In England it was
the necessary incident to and consequence of con-
viction and judgmentfoi treason, and carried with
it corruption of blood, whereby the descendant
of the felon could not mheiit through the gmity
ancestor, and forfeiture in fee not only of the real
estate which the felon owned in perpetuity, but
also tluit which he held in entail. The foifeUure
for an attainder of treason is not involved in the
confiscation law.
As a punishment for treason per se there is no
foi feiture of estate, for in J 790 Congress expressly
declaied that there should be no corruption of
blood or any forfeiture ot estate.
Now, the confiscation act simply declares that
whosoever shall commit the crime of treason and
be adjudged guilty thereof shall sutler death and
forfeit his slaves, or be imprisoned and fined not
less than ten thousand dollars. It also declares
that any person setting on foot any rebellion or
insurieet-ion, or who shall give aid or comfort to
any person engaged in any rebellion or insurrec-
tion, shall, upon conviction, be imprisoned,fined,
and forfeit his slaves.
i do not understand that it is contended that
slaves, personal chattels, may not be forfeited ab-
solutely, as it is doubtless the law, as stated by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that the forfeiture
of personal property for an hour is a forfeiture for-
ever. Ceiuinly Congress has power to declare
what shall constitute treason, and what the pun-
ishment shall be. Under tho law of the last Con-
gross one portion of the punishment was, a fine of
not less than ten thousand dollars, to be levied and
32 .
collected upon the estate of the offender, both real
and personal. As there is.no provision of the
Constitution which by any construction can ren-
der such punishment illegal, it necessarily follows
that by indirection Congress can work an absolute
forfeiture of all the real estate of the convicted of-
fender, while as a diiect measure, if the gentlemen
on the other side are correct, it can only forfeit a
life interest. To a practical man this is rathei
absurd.
The great difficulty, however, upon the other
side of the House seems to rest in the fifth section.
Under this section the forfeiture is not as a penalty
for the crime of treason, inasmuch as the section
does not provide for a conviction of treason,and
without conviction there can be no punishment.
It merely provides for the seizure of the estate of
certain persons who, as citizens of the United
States, have assumed to throw off their allegiance
to the Government, and by force of arms seek to
destroy it.
Is this seizure lawful ? Inmy judgment, under
all the circumstances, it is. By natural law, which
is the only law by which individual rights are gov-
erned before men form themselves into organized
societies, there is no such thing as the right of
pioperty in real estate. A person can only own
and enjoy what he occupies, and hence he is under
the piotcction of no law except the law of force.
When, for the sake of mutual protection, men form
themselves into societies and organized govern-
ments those natuial rights are abandoned, and obli-
gation to Government is assumed and protection
from Govern mentguarantied, both as to person and
property. When our Constitution was established
it was not done by States as such. Its preamble
is, "We the people of the United Slates, in order
to form a more perfect Union, establish justice,
insure domestic tianquillity, provide for the com-
mon defense, promote the general welfare, and
secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and
our posteiity, do ordain and establish this Con-
stitution for the United States of America." Now,
underthis Constitution and the Government based
upon it, what were the rights and duties of the
citizen, mid what the power and duty of the Gov-
ernment? The duty of the citizen was allegiance,
and upon the perfoimance of that duty rested his
right to protection. Thedutyof the Government
was to extend to the citizen pi otecTion both to per-
son and propeity,and tlmtobligation was only im-
posed by vn tue ofthe allegiance of the citizen. The
duty of the Government and the obligation of the
citizen are mutual. Whenever the citizen disre-
iraids his obligation, throws off his allegiance,
and thrusts the assassin's dagger at the heart of
the Government,he not onlycommits the highest
crime, hut forever absolves the Government from
the duty of extending its piotection either to his
person or propeity.
The iebe1s m arms are in this position. They
have broken the compact, and it is the light and
duty of Congress to authoiize the seizure of their
persons and propeity—to restrain their persons
and to apptopriate their property, not as a for-
feiture for treason perse, but as an exeicise of a
just and sovereign power over a rebellious sub-
ject; and this in accordance with paramount law.
'Hence, in my judgment, the confiscation act can
be administered without involving the greatconsti-
tutional question about which we have heard so
much said .and lead respecting the forfeiture in
fee of real estate upon an attainder of treason. As
I have before said, there is no such thing known
to our law as an attaint. By the common law at-
taint was a necessary incident to conviction and
judgment of treason. In this country Congress
determines what constitutes the crime of treason,
and declares what its punishment shall be. Theie
are no attendant effects to the judgment beyond
the prescribed penalty. There is neither corrup-
tion of blood-nor forfeiture. Whethei Congress as
a punishment for tieason can forfeit the lea! estate
of the offender in fee is anothcrquestion. Theau-
thonty quoted from one of the articles of Mr.
Madison, in the Federalist, does not settle the point
cither way. It merely asserts that Congress is re-
strained in punishing treason from extendingthe
consequences of guilt beyond the person of its
author; or, in oj&gfr words, that punishment for
treason does noPPwk corruption of blood, or for-
feiture of interests in property, except so far as
those interests pertain to the person of the offender.
Mr. Justice Story—whose memory I hold in the
profouudest reverence—seems to go further, and
his language would naturally enough indicate that,
as a punishment for treason, there can be no for-
feiture of estate beyond the life ofthe offender. I
have ever admired the juridical scholarship of Mr.
Justice Story, and been accustomed to receive his
opinions with the greatest respect. If, however,
his reasoning upon this subject—which, to say the
least, is somewhat desultory and unsatisfactory—
will only bear the construction which the gentle-
men upon the other side give it, I must with great
humility disagree with the learned commentator.
The Constitution is to be construed in accord-
ance with the intention of its framcrs, and that in-
tention may be determined to some extent by an
examination ofhisiory contemporaneous with the
adoption of the Constitution. Our fathers were
stiiking out upon a system entirely different, in
most respects, from that of England. They had
seen the effect of bills of attainder, and hence
wisely provided that no bills of attainder or ex post
facto laws should be passed by Congress. They
had seen the effect of attainder of treason under
the common law, whereby corruption of blood
was worked and inheritable qualities destroyed.
Hence they provided that upon an attainder of
tieason there should be no connption of blood.
They had seen interests in the realty, absolutely
vested in the innocent descendant, forever taken in fee
upon the attainder of the ancestor. Estates in
England were held generally by vutue of feudal
grants from the Crown, and each tenant held only
a life estate, and hence corruption of blood was
necessary, as a consequence of an attaindei of
treason, to destroy th^entail,and*eveHt the title
m the Crown. Otherwise the heir would inheiit,
for in entailed estates there is an interest in esse in
the remainder-man during the life of an ancestor;
an interest that may be legally incumbered by
way of mortgage.
In this country at the time of the Revolution
and the adoption of the Constitution, entailed
estates abounded, and the Constitution leaves it
wholly to the several States to regulate the descent
of property and to allow or piolnbitentails; and
they now exist, probably in large numbers, in
the States, limited by law to teims of years, or
the lives of persons in being when created; but
still entailed estates, whereonepeison has the life
interest and another the remainder; and the Con-
stitution undoubtedly provides against legislation
which shall deprive innocent persons of their legal
rights in esse for the crime of an ancestor through
the doctune of coiruption of blood. I3ut nemo est
hceres vivtntis; and because the conviction of the
tenant in tail shall not work injury to the remain-
der-man through corruption of blood, can it be
said that treason may not he punished by depriv-
ing the convicted poison of that property which
belongs solely to him, to which no one clseduring
his lite has any legal claim, and that he is to be
permitted before he mounts thcscallold to dispose
of it for the furtherance of the very causc for en-
gaging in which we depiive him of life? Could
the fathers have gravely discussed this qw stion
of forfeiture and inserted in the Constitution the
mere shadow without a particle of substance?
Did they mean that for the highest crime known
to the law the forfeiture should attach only long
enough for the convicted felon to be transported
from the prison to the scaiTokP No, sir, our
fathers never were cheated by shadows or grasped
at straws. They meant something by the inser-
tion of this clause. Forfeiture was to have some
practical operation as <\ punishment for treason,
if so, the forfeiture "was intended to operate upon
the interesUof the offender in whatever estate he
possessed, and upon the whole of that iuteiest
and nothing more; and wisely and humanely,
contrary to the English law, it was not intended
