3496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
present in detail until I have the privilege of the
Senate. I will try and conform myself to the
rules with what i would call a strict observance,
and when I am ignorant I always desire to be in-
formed by any Senator that I have erred in my
understanding of it.
1 have tried to express my opinions, as I re-
marked before, upon some grave matters I think
ofgrcat importance to the public. From the open-
ing of this year until nowalmostpast the summer
solstice i have sought that opportunity. I am not
specially favored with opportunities to possess the
floor, nor am 1 so bold as to demand it or to fight
for it except it be conceded to me by the courtesy
of my fellow Senators. I would be pleased to be
permitted to proceed with such iemarks as I have
to make in favor of the proposition that I have
offered and offered again and which is now pend-
ing before the Senate. 1 ask that it may be con-
sidered. i shall speak briefly, and I trust I shall
speak to the point.
Mr. CONNESS. I simply desire to explain*
my vote on thissubjoct. 1 should like to accom-
modate my colleague by voting with him to take
up this resolution; hut 1 am satisfied, in the fust
place, that the management of the afiaus com-
prehended by itshouid be at the present time best
left to the executive branch of the Government.
Again, I am satisfied that the subject cannot have
the discussion and consideration that it deserves
if the Congress of the United States undertake
to '-repress tui opinion upon it at t he present time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to take up the resolution.
The yeas anil nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I deem it my duty simply to say
that here is a bill which, if we intend to have a
Navy, we ought to consider at once. The most
important naval officers at the present time are
engineers and gunners under the new order of
things. The Secretary of the Navy has informed
the committee again and again that he cannot run
the Navy unless some such meusuie is passed;
that the engineers find so much more profitable
employment m private whops and establishments
than they do in the Navy that I hey are tenden ng
their iesfgnations,and those he has tlieie lie holds
there^ by mere force, infusingto accept their tes-
timations. This is a bill winch has passed the
House of Representatives, been before I ho Com-
mittee on Naval Allans of this body, and they
piopose some amendments to it. It us of no in-
feiest to us; it is for the benefit of the country.
It ih lor the Senate to .say wbethei they will con-
eider it o! not.
Mr, McDOUGALL. Theie arc many grave
matters yet to he considered, and 1 am willing to
remain here to consider ihem. The Mibjeei thai
I presented at an early day was a giave matter,
more gi a \ e, in my judgment, than the business
now brought forward by the chairman of the
Committee on Naval A flairs. Theie are undoubt-
edly among Senators differences of opinion. It
Happens to he unfm mimic for me—u, hei e thai nns-
foitune j;> chargeable 1 do not exactly u ndei stand
—that my seal is ho situated that 1 am not able
usually to command t he ea r of the person in charge
of the administrative businessnf ihe Senate; it is
seldom that even ( catch the comer of his eye;
but I have the privilege at this present time of
addressing the Senate, and I ask a vote. Prob-
ably it will tint happen again that I may have the
privilege of asking the vote of the Senate. Sen-
ators will bear me witness that I have not been
disposed to engage in elaborate discussions; [
have not been disposed to ocuitpy ihe time of the
Senate. Whatever I have said has been for ad-
vice and counsel on every and all occasions, and
there is no SemUm- hut will be compelled to rec-
ognize that statement as being the exact ti nth.
1 have thought tins question possessed more
dignity and was of more real importance and
should command more attention than did many
ol my fellow Senators, and. I have sought an op-
portunity to give th<-m the leasons why. J have
sought fjom the winter to the summer solstice
the oppoitumty to give them the reasons why 1
thought this subject should engage their attention.
X have been by various reasons and by many
onus's denied the oppm funiry. I have now the
right to ask Sniatois win (Inn I nuy be permitted
to say what I th:n!c upon what I legatd as (lie [
next gr<uest qui >:iK)!i to ih'Meb  ibon against tins j
Republic. I trust I may have the privilege. if '
I am denied I am to understand the spirit in which
that denial is expressed.
Mr. ANTHONY. The question is whether
we shall proceed to the consideration of a bill
which m the opinion of the Navy Department is
almost necessary to the existence of the Navy, or
whether we shall listen to a speech, which I know
will be a very good one, from the Senator from
California on our foieign affairs. I desire to say
that no Senator has a higher respect for the Sen-
ator from California than I have. I know the
great ability and the very great information that
he brings to the discussion of every subject on
which he speaks, and I know how much atten-
tion he has paid to this particular subject; but I
submit ihat at this stage of the session we shall
be recreant to our duty if we allow anything to
interpose to prevent the consideration of the bill
which the Senator Aom New Hampshire has
brought up.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to add one word.
The question, as the Senator from Rhode Island
has said, is not 90 the resolution itself, but it is
simply on taking it up. It is whether the Senate
now, when it is nearly nine o'clock of probably
our last night here, will take up a resolution on
which the Senator from California announces
that he wishes to make an elaborate speech, and
that speech is to consistof a review of the foieign
relations of our country. I doubt not the ability
with which 1 hey would be displayed by the Sen-
ator from California; but allow me to say'that
this is not the time for any such discussion.
There is a time for all things. There is time for
an elaboiate speech from the Senator; but he will
allow me to say that this evening ii not that time.
1 will say no more.
Mr. LAN E, of Kansas. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business. ["Oh, no!"] There are nineteen mes-
sages on the table.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I feel very much like
yielding to ihe appeal made by the Committee on
Naval Affairs for ihe immediate consideration of
their business, and I should have yielded to that
appenl only that I donned to take the first oppor-
tunity to say on this floor in my place what I
thought, and ask the judgment of the Sunate on
tin4 question I have submitted.
But 1 have a word to say now to the chairman
of the Committee on Foieign Relations, who says
it is not wise to consider this subject. If 1 ie-
member history aright, and i am not exactly cer-
tain that L do, Fabius would never have been u
general (f Marrellus had not been in the field.
1'he Roman authoruies never approved of Fa-
bius excopi, as a check under special and very
special circumstances; and to-day, among the old
Romans whose names are remembered as worthy
of having borne arms, Marcellus stands far ahead
ol" Fabius. This thing of feming to do what is
light is the evidence of a weak boy; and if i had
a boy of mine and hefeaied to maintain the right
{ would say that same bar sinister would estab-
lish his condition. 1 hold that it is so with boys
and men. and States and nations. They who do
noi dui e to maintain the right are weak fiom their
ankles to the last insertion of the column that
supports the hiam. 1 object to the Fabian policy
which has been conducted with such extreme
deference to Louis Napoleon and the French
Government, the Government and Power both
antagonizing us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kansas that
(he Senate now proceed to the consideration of
executue business.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT/w tempore. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Cali- j
forma to take up the resolution which has been j
read, and on that question the yeas and nays have
been 01 dered. !
Mr. McDOUGALL. For the purpose of snv- I
mg time 1 am willing to waive my motion for the j
present in oider to take up the naval business, *
with the understanding that I am to have the floor j
alter tne naval business is disposed of, and allow- •
mg this ) e$r ! ii i ion to be passed ovoi infoi nmliy.
The PRESiDE^Ty;?c tempore. On this quo-
tum the yi«i* and nays ha\u bi on <u dered, ar.d
must be taken, liner's withdiawn by urhMianoue
consent.
Ah. ALDOUGALL 1 will tuk that the ■ all
be withdrawn by unanimous consent, if* it is un-
derstood that I can have the floor afterwards.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that the Sen-
ator by allowing this bill to come forward will
lose no rights that he now has.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have the floor now, and
I believe ( will take the yeas aud nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call will
proceed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, navs 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalexv, C^rhle, Davis, Hendricks,
McDougall, Powell, Richardson, tviddie, Suutabury,
Sprague,and Wilkinson—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Doohttle,
Foot, Foster, Utile, Harlan, Harns Henderson, Hicks,
II owe. Johnson j Lane of Indiana. Lancot'Kanba-, Mou*an,
Mori ill, Poinerov, Ramsey, Slienmm, Sumnei, Ten Eyek,
Tiumhnll. Van Winkle, VVnde, Will<jy, and Wilson—97.
AtfriJSN'T—Messrs'. Blown, Coll.imer, Conner, Cowan,
Du\on, Fes-,etulen, Grimes, Ilaidnig, Ilowaid, Nesmitli,
and Wright—11.
So the Senate refused to take up the resolution.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
calls up the special order for this hour,being the
resolution in regard to the adjournment of Con-
gress.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 move to postpone
its further consideration until eleven o'clock to-
night.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before that vote is taken,
I move to amend the resolution by striking out
the time fixed, and inserting " the 4th day of July
at twelve o'clock."
Tiie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to postpone, in the opinion of the Chair, has pre-
cedence.
Mr. TRUMBULL I hope it will not be post-
poned until the amendment can be made; and I
should like to inquire why it is that we cannot
fix the day of adjournment at this stage of the
session. It seems to me we might as well fix it
now, anil then have our business prepared with
reference to it. I am quite sure from the charac-
ter of the bills that lie on the table and are liable
to be called up when members are exhausted, as
they are now, that we shall be quite as likely to
pass bills that should not pass as those which
ought to pass. I have never before been a mem-
ber of the first session of any Congress that we
have not fixed the day of adjournment always
days before the time when we expected to ad-
journ. I believe it is the jioncial understanding
that we air to adjourn in the course of a few days,
and I think we had better fix it so that the cleiks
and the Executive and ail may understand when
it is, and do our business in reference to it. The
idea that we are to continue in session so long as
theie is anything on the Calendar would lead to
a perpetual session. More business will come
in if we pursue that course than will be disposed
of. I du not know why we cannot fix the hour
of adjournment now as well as at eleven o'clock,
and \^hy«we should not have fixed it this after-
noon- as well as now. If we are to continue on
III this way, it renders the whole thing uncertain
and inconvenient, and no one can make his ar-
rangements with reference to the adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one important bill
now ponding in the House of Representatives
which I hope will pass this evening. It is indis-
pensable that it be passed, his the only bill that
I know of that ought to detain us—a bill to pro-
vide for an income tax. I atn told it is now being
considered by the House of Representatives; and
as soon as that comes over, I suppose there will
he no obji ction to fixing the time of adjournment.
It is the only important bill I know of that is
pending between the two Houses. It is veryim-
pot tant that that should be acted upon before the
hour of adjournment is fixed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My colleague has said
that it has been the uniform practice of Congress
to fix a day some two or three weeks befoiehand,
and theie is a reason for it. In the House of
R'*piesentattves some days before the final ad-
journment members can move to suspend the
niles. B.'fot e the day of adjournment is fixed
upon, tiuu morion cannot be made except on par-
' • 'all' 1 days. I f Co ngt esr> ouy;ht not >.) ad join n on
J«n>i:day, ::x someday n< xt w 1 k. Let uij 1'uVea
hiy h \'"d . 1 a m for t he taa }oi ity her<j taiv 1 n<; whg t-
<"• et ! ■ !!•<• they want, but I am also for fi xm;; the
(1 •/ oi (••i.oui ana pl and ii \ii"' it no >v.
