1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
of drawing checks, I told the cashier to put a stamp
on all my checks tlrat peached the bank without
one. *
Ulr. HENDRICKS. And after you had passed
That to a third person in the paymentof a debt you-
owed him, hat right under this law would* the
cashier in the bank have to put a stamp on it? It
is a complete instrument in the hands of the man
you hand it to,  
Mr. CLARK. I generally went and took or
sent it by somebody to get the money for myself;
but a very serious question arises, whether when
you have given away avoid instrument and it has
gone into the hands of other parties and it then
comes into the hands of some person who puts a
stamp on it, you can then renew it and make it
good as the Senator proposes. There is a diffi-
culty about the matter, and I suggest that the
Senator perhaps had better let it go until we get
through with the whole provision in regard to the
stamps, and see whether in connection with the
other matter mentioned by the Senator from Ver-
mont and this matter we shall not get some plan
which may be satisfactory. J do not think the
penalty is sufficient, and 1 feel that the penalty
imposed by the avoiding of the instrument in some
cases would be very hnrd. • w
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would suggest to the
Senator from New Hampshire, as he is on the
committee, whether he would not favor a propo-
sition of this sort: that where an instrument is
drawn between two parties, they fraudulently
combining to defraud the Government of its rev-
enue by the omission of a stamp, that instrument
never can be made good ad between themselves
or any persons taking it with notice. I am will-
ing to go that far.
Mr. CLARK. It seems to me the difficulty in
that case would be to prove'that those two per-
sons designed to defraud' But we shall have an
opportunity of thinking of this whole matter; and
without adopting this amendment to the commit-
tee's amendment*, we canieave the subject in such
a shape that we can come to it again if we are
not entirely satisfied with it when the bill gets
into the Senate. I desire only to have th£ pro-
vision made perfect. I confess I am not entirely
satisfied with it myself, and never have been.
Mr. HENDRICKS. At the suggestion of the
♦ Senator from New Hampshire 1 am willing to
pass over the amendment I have suggested and
also the'amendment proposed by the Committee
on Finance. Let the whole matter stand over
until we consider it fully.
Mr. CLARK, i suggest to the Senator thateven
if the amendment of the committee be adopted it
will still remain open.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know that; butl want
to leave the door wide open if it is to be open at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will not do to go through
and leave'so many things unfixed in committee.
The Senator can move to strike out this amend-
ment in the Senate, if he desires to do so, al-
though we adopt it now in committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Indiana,
to the amendment of the Committee on Finance.
^dr. HENDRICKS. I understood that the
chairman of the Committee on Finance was will-
ing to let both amendments be passed over.
Mr. CLARK. The chairman did not express
a willingness to let the amendment be passed with-
out some vote upon it, for fear it might escape.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then we might as well
meet it now, perhaps.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Buckalmv, Carliie, Collamer, Davis.,
Dixon, Fo>t<*r, HondMciw. i'ovveil, Ramsey, IUclianWou,
Trurnhulh Van Winkle, and Willey—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandlti, C'iaik, Comics,
Fuet-etulcn, Foot, Hailan, Jlam«, Howard, Lane of Kau-
nas, Moigan, Monill. Sherman, Sptague, Smnncj.Ten
Ejck, Wade, and Wilson—Jb.
AB^ilNT—Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Doolmlo, Giinu't,
Ilate, Hauling, fiendnison, Ilicks. Howe, Johnson, Lane
of Indiana, McDoagall, Nesmiih, Pomcioy, ilnjcile, Sauh;-
bur>, Wifkin'on, and Wright— IS.
So the amendment of Mr. Hendricks to the
amendment was icjeeted.
The amend men t of ihe committee was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve of
section one hundred and fifty-eight to strikeout
"one" and insert "two;" so as to make the
clause read:
If any poison shall pay or ncgot.ate,or offer m payment, or
receive nr take in payment, any such draft or order, the per-
son or persons so offending shall forfeit the sum of $200.
The amendment was agreed to. , ■
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and fifty-nine, to strike out the following
clause: **
No conveyance,-deed, mortgage, or writing, whereby any
lands, tenements, realty, or other property shall be sold,
giauted, assigned, or otheiwise conveyed, or shall be made
as security for the payment of any sum of money, shall be
required to pay a stamp duty of more tlian tfiesum of$t,G00,
anything to the contrary notwithstanding; and.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve of sec-
tion one hundred and fifty-nine, to strike out "or"
and insert "of."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend-
ment will be made, if there be no objection.
The next amendment was ill lina twenty-four
of section one hundred and fifty-nine, to strikeout
"is" and inseit "shall be;" so as to make the
clause read:
And whenever any bond or note shall be secured by a
moitgage,but one stam^'duty shall be required to be placed
on such papers: Provided, That the ytamp duty placed
theieon shall be the iiighesf rate lequired lor said instru-
ments, or either of them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLA1VHSR. I wisjj to make a little
amendment in ihe one hundred and fifty-ninth •
section which I think nobody will object to. It
is a section containing the exceptions of paper?
that need not be stamped. After enumerating the
various instruments which ate required to l;e
stamped, thi^ schrdule of stamp duties provides
thatall other contracts not herein mentioned shall
have a certain stamp. I fancy that there will be
very little question that an indorsement of a note
is a contract. Clearly it is a contract; and in order
to prevent the requirement of a stamp to every in-
dorsement made oil a note, I desire, in the nine-
teenth line of section one hundred and fifty-nine,
after the word "nor" to insert the words " to any
indorsement of a negotiable instrument or."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Senator
from Veimont whether he means to include all
cases of indorsement with a view to assigning a
legal instiument in writing. If so, I want to sug-
gest to him that according to the laws of some of
the States, and among them the State which I in
part represent, all contracts in writing arc assign-
able by indorsement thereon, and I suppose it is
the purpose of the Senatoiuo include them in his
amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. We regard nothing as
negotiable in my part of the country except notes
and bills.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In the State of Indiana,
and otliei western States, not only bills of ex-
change and promissory notes, but all instruments
between parlies are assignable.
Mr. SHERMAN. The word " negotiable" is
never applied to anything but nbill. In our State
a sealed bill is assignable by indorsement.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not want to go to the
extent of coveringall assignments. Assignments
of a mortgage require a separate instrument, and
are provided for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There isno trouble about
it, because it will be seen, on lookingat the list of
stamp duties, that assignments are left out en-
tirely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand the chairman
of the Committee ou Finance to say that assign-
ments are tit be stamped?
Mr. FBWENDEN. No; only assignments
of a mortgage, a lease, or a policy of insurance,
they being the only assignments mentioned in
j schedule ii.
j 'l'he amendment was agreed to.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time hav-
1 ing arrived at which the order of the Senate re-
! quires a recess to be taken, the Senate will now
; take & recess until seven o'clock this evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p. m.
PETITION.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of manufac-
:i turf i3 and otheis,utizuis of Hartford , Connecti-
cut, praying for the e'nactment of suitable laws
for the encouragement ofim-migrati'orr;,\^hich-wa3
ordered to lie on the table. " .
ARMS: AX'PKOI'iUATION BILL.-
Mr. FESSENDEN. The House of Repre-
sentatives has sent to us the bill (H. R. No. 198)
making appropriation's for the support of ttie
Army for the year ending the 30th of June, 1865,
with a request for a sttcond committee of confer-
ence-. I mm that the request be granted-.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore was, by unan-
imous consent, authorized to appoint the commit-
tee; and Messrs. HiyvE, Morrill, and Bucka-
lew, were appointed'.
, SOLOMON WADSWORTH. • "
Mr. HENDRICKS. A few years ago an act
was passed for the relief of Solomon Wadsworth,
allowing him to enter about one hundrejl a/id
thirty or one hundred and forty acres of lawd'On
his paying for it, but in the act there was a mis-
take in the description of the land. The Com- .
mittee on Public Lands instructed me a few days
since to report a bill correcting that mistake. I
ask that that bill may be taken up and passed so*
as to secure his title during the present session,
as it has yet to go to the House of Representa-
tives. There is no trouble about it; it will merely
take the time that wilt be required to read the bill
I now move to take it up.
. The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
288) to amend an act for the relief of Solomon
Wadsworth,-was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to amend the act for the relief of Solomon
Wadsworth, approved June 16, I860, so as to
read as follows:
Thattlie title ofSolomon Wadsworth, of Clayton county,
in the Stat'! of iovva, be, ami the same is hereby, confirmed
to lots Nos. 2 and 3, in section No. IS, in township ninety-
live north, of range three we.st, containing one Hundred
and thirty-four anil eighty-four hundredths of an acre in
said State of Iowa, and that a patent issue therefor in ae*
coidanee with the laws of the United States, upon the
payment of 35 per acre therefor into the proper land of-
fice of the United States: Provided, That if the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office shall find that the s&id
land has already been paid for, and a certiiicate rif entry or
location lias issued lor the same, he shall issue the patent
upon such ceuifieate to the assignee thereof.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time, and passed.
ADMISSION OP COLORADO.
Mr. WADE* I move to take up the bill amend-
ing the enabling act of Colorado.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall notobject if there
will be no talk about it.
Mr. WADE. That I will not warrant you,;
but if there shall be debate I will consent to drop
itatonce. There is no occasion for talk about it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
291) to amend an act en titled "An act to enable the
people of Colorado to form a constitution and
S*te government, and for the admission of such
State into the Union on an equal footing with t,he
original States," was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. _
It provides that so much of the fifth section of
the act to which this is an amendment as pro:
vides by ordinanceforsubmittingtheconstitution
to the people of the State of Colorado tor their
ratification or rejection, at an election to be held
on the second Tuesday of October, shall be so
amended as to read, "on the second SFuesday in
September, and that the election shall be-held on
that day." ,
The bill was reported to the-Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to take from the
table the resolution offered by me to discharge the
Committee on Foreign Relations from the further
consideration of the joint resolution of the House
of Representatives, which was referred-to them
in regard to Mexican affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON. The chairman of that com-
mittee is not here.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have sought here day
after day in the morning hour to have a simple
resolution passed discharging the committee from
the considuation 6f this subject. If they do not
