1864. •
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thecpiestion
is on the motion to postpone the resolution until
eleven o'clock, and make it the special order for
that hour.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes twenty-two, noes not counted.
LANDLORD AND TENANT LAW.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 138) to regulate proceedings
in eases between landlord and tenant in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, disagreed to by the Senate and
insisted upon by the House; and
On motion of"Mr. MORRILL, it was
Rcsolvedy That the Senate further insist upon its dis-
ablement to the amendments of the House ol Represent-
atives to the said bill, and agree to the fuither conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Hoitr.es thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Morrill, Mr. Hendricks, and Mr. Harlan.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (S.
No. 339) to repeal ajointresolution entitled " Joint
resolution to grant additional rooms to the Agri-
cultural Department,and for other purposes."
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 549)
further to regulate and provide for the enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 438) to
amend an act entitled " An act to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,'and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for postal,
- military, and other purposes," approved July 1,
1862.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 575)
to correct a clerical error in the law of June 3Q,
1864, relating to the Post Office Department; in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate!
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speak -
er of the House of Representatives had signed
the following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which were "thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 290) for increased facilities of
telegraph communication between the Atlantic
and Pacific States and the Territory of Idaho;
A bill (S. No. 232) in addition to the several
acts concerning commercial intercourse between
loyal and insurrectionary States, and to provide
for the collection of captured and abandoned
property, and the prevention of fraud in States
declared in insurrection;
A bill (S. No. 328) for the relief of Major N.
S. Brenton, a paymaster in the United States
Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 511) to provide for the more
speedy punishment of guerrillas, and for other
purposes;
A joint resolution (S. No. 43) authorizing the
settlement of the accounts of the late Captain
Daniel Hebard, of the United States volunteers;
and
A joint resolution (S. No. 53) in relation to
the professors of the Military Academy at West
Point.
ENGINEERS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I move that the bill that
the Senator from New Hampshire has named be
now talfun up. it is necessary that it should bn
passed.
Mr. HALE and others. It is up.
Thu PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is before
the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Let it be read.
The as in Committee of tliu YVh'oio,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 534) to
authorize the Secretary of the Navy to provide
for the education of naval constructors and steam
engineers, and for other purposes, which had
been reported from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs with amendments.
The Secretary proceeded to'read the bill.
The first amendment was in section one, line
eight, after the word "purpose" to insert the
words " to be styled cadetengineers;" so that the
section will read:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby,
authorized to provide, by regulations to be issued by him,
for the education of such midshipmen or others at the Naval
Academy as show a peculiar aptitude therefor as naval con-
structors, or civil and steam engineers, and may form a
scpaiate class for this purpose, to be styled cadetengineers,
or otherwise afford to such per&ons all proper facilities for
such a scientific mechanical education as will fit them lor
such piofessions.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four, section
two, to strike out the word " commissioned"
and insert<{ appointed;" so that the section will
read:
That upon the recommendation of the academic board
such persons connected with the scientific and mechanical
class as graduate therein with credit may be immediately
appointed as assistant naval constructors or warranted as
engineers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. It is hardly necessary to read the
rest of the bill, as the committee propose to strike
it all out and insert a substitute.
The Secretary read the following amendment
proposed by the Committee on Naval Affairs in
lieu of the third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh,
eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh sections of the
bill:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be if farther enacted. That cadet engineers,
not to exceed fifty m number, shall be appointed by the
Secretaiy ol the Navj : Provided, That no person, other
than midshipmen, shall be eligible for such appointment
who shall not pioduce satisfactory evidence of mechanical
skill and proficiency, and thathe has been employed at least
two years in the actual tabueation of steam machinery.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted,, That cadetengineers,
when appointed, :>hall lie under eighteen years of age, and
shall have passed a mental and physical examination.
They shall he admitted to the Naval Academy, where they
shall be examined from time to tiiue, according to the reg-
ulauons pi escribed by the Secretary of the Navy; and if
loinid deficient at any examination, 01 dismissed for mis-
conduct, they shall not bo continued in the Academy, or in
the service, excep{ upon recommendation ol the academic
board.
See. 5. And be it further enacted, That the academic
course of cadet emrmeeis shall be two years, and then pay
the same as that of midshipmen.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it Jurther enacted, That the number of
.chief engineers shall not exceed one for each first and sec-
ond rateve&scl in the Navy, with such first,second,and third
assistant engineeis, or iho&e acting as such, as the wants of,
the ?=<'rviee actually require. And that fiom and after the
passage of this act the annual pay of- the engineer officeis
of the Navy, on the active list, shall be, as follows: evciy
chief engineer on duiv, I'm the hi>t five years aftei the date
of hi>. commission, $2,200; for the second five years aftei
the date of Hiss commission, $2,500; for the third five years
alter the date of his commission, $2,800; after fifteen
years, alter the date of his commission,$3,000. Every cnlef
engineer on leave or waiting orders, lor the first five years
after the date of Ins commission, $1,500; for the second
five years after the date of Ins commission, $1,600; for
the third five years after the date of his commission, $1,700;
after fifteen > ears after the date ot luscomnns&ion, $1,H00.
Every ihst assistant engineer on duty, §1.500 ; while on
leave or waiting 01 den, $1,100. Every fcecond assistant en-
gineer on duty, .$1,200; while on leave or waiting orders,
$900. Eveiy thud assistant engineer on duty, $1,000;
while on leave or waiting oideis, &800.
Mr. HALE. I will explain to the Senate the
amendment that the committee have made. The bill
as it was passed by the House of Representatives
made an additional class of engineers. The com-
mittee do not concur in that, for the reason that
there is now an existing law by which the Presi-
dent is allowed to detail a fleet engineer and a
fleet surgeon and a fleet paymaster to do duty
while he is on that service, and when becomes
home he returns to his crew as he was before,and
it does not make a distinct office. The bill as it
came from the House made that a distinct office
and paid him as fleet engineer all the time whether
on the fleet or not. The Committee on Naval
Affairs recommend that we do no such thing;
the law they think is sufficient leaving all fleet
engineeis the same as fleet paymasters and fleet
surgeons.
Then the House bill as it came to the Senale
had tins provision, "that the pay of engineer
officers shall be equal tothatof medical officers."
The <:rade.s jie dilluient. There are five grades
of enirinetn-s, chief engineer, and first, second, and
third assistant engineers, and cadet engineers. In
surgeons there are but three grades, surgeons,
assistant surgeons, and passed assistant surgeons?
so that it ivas impossible to make an understand-
able bill with that provision. The committee,
instead of saying that, have taken the pay of sur-
geons and made that of engineers as near to it as
they could, carrying out the analogy as far as pos-
sible considering the different number of grades.
It raises their pay about twenty per cent. That
is all that the committee have done.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I offer the following
amendment as a new section: .
Jind be it further enacted, That section two of joint res-
olution " authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to adjust
the equitable claims of contractors for naval supplies and
regulating contracts with the Navy Department," approved
March 3, 1863, be, and the same is hereby, amended by
adding to the same the following proviso, viz: " Provided)
That where articles are advertised and bid for irt classes,
and,in the judgment of the head of the Department, any
one or more ai tides appear to be bid for at excessive or
unreasonable prices, exceeding ten per cent, above their
fair market value, he shall be authorized to reject such
bid."
Mr. HALE. That amendment is substan-
tially what was recommended by the select com-
mittee on naval supplies. I have no objection to
it, and hope it will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
amendments were ordered to be engrossed and
the bill to be read a third time. It was read the
third time, and passed.
RICHARD G. MURPHY.
Mr. HOWE. I move to proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 346, for the relief of
Richard G-. Murphy.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to require the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Major Rich-
ard G. Murphy $1,800 in full for that amount
charged to and paid by him as agent for the Sioux
Indians upon false vouchers transmitted to the
Indian Bureau by Willis A. Gor/nan, late super-
intendent of Indian affairs for the northwestern
superintendency. It also directs the Solicitor of
the Treasury forthwith to cause to be commenced
against Willis A. Gorman such suits as he may
deem proper for the recovery of any money which
Gorman may have wrongfully obtained from tho
Treasury.
Mr. HARLAN. Has this bill been before a
committee '
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; it is reported from the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is ngt Mr. Gorman a brig-
adier general in the Army?
Mr. HOWE. He was a brigadier general, I
believe.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SUBMARINE INVENTIONS.
Mr. HALE. I have a short bill from the Na-
val Committee, and I will state to the Senate what
it is and 1 think they will consider it. The Navy
Department are bothered by a great many gen-
tlemen coming with lmportantinventionsforsub-
marine explosions, and th-e Department would be
glad to experiment with them but have no funds,
and the committee have reported a bill to make
an appropriation for that purpose. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 343, making an appropriation for testing
submarine inventions.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am opposed to taking
up that bill. I hope no such bill as that will be
taken up at this late hour, appropriating $25,000
for experimental purposes. I hope the Chair
will learn that there are some other States repre-
sented here besides New England.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will come to order.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator is m order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will take his seat. The Senator will come to
order.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will cuuse the rule to be read.
