1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hawk at and tear it; if folly and madness, if un-
easiness under necessary and salutary restraint
shall succeed in sepaiatmg it from that Union by
winch alone its existence is made sure, it will stand
in tiie end by the side of that cradle in winch its
infancy was rocked, and will fall at last, if fall it
must, amidst the proudest monuments of its own
-glory on the very spot of its origin."
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, there are two
propositions before the House: one to repeal the
joint resolution explaining and limiting the con-
fiscation act so that under its operation only an
estate for the life of the offender will pass, and
the othui only so modifying the explanatoiy res-
olution as to give the act such scope and effect as
it may have under the Constitution.
It is mainly a legal question, both propositions
involving an inquiry into the legal signification
of the language used in the Constitution, and
both do in some degree, and one more than the
other, involve the policy and wisdom of confis-
cating in fee all the real estate made subject to the
operation of the ac(, which, it must be said, em-
braces about all within tiie lines of the rebellion.
While it is impossible for the act or the resolu-
tion to enlarge the Constitution, or do moie than
it will allow, it is competent for the resolution as
it now stands to html, not the moaning of the
Constitution, (not scarcely of the act, for thatcan
mean nothing against the Constitution,) but to
limit the extent of confiscation, or do less than
might be done under the Constitution,if undent,
as many think, the fee may be confiscated.
1 have very much regietted to see the discus-
sion of agreatand interestmglegal question soiled
on both sides of the House by so much of a bit-
tei partisan chaiactei. Itweio to be wi&hed that
geiuh tncii jii discussinga question so gi cat and so
interesting' would observe that decorum of argu-
mentation and that rigid exclusion of foreign and
peisonal matter for which they aie so honorably
distinguished m those tribunals so often illustrated
by their fotensic prowess.
" Congi ess shall have power to declare the pun-
ishment ot treason, but no attainder of treason
shall work corruption of blood, or forfeiting ex-
cept dm ing the life of the peison attainted. " As
was w< 11 tenniiked by the gentleman fiom Ohio,
[Mi. Spalding,] these words have a legal signifi-
cation or they have not. The difficulty is to de-
termine what they do mean in the connection in
which they are used. The meaning of a techni-
cal word or word of art can generally be learned,
but it is the misfortune of human language, the
attempt to describe things and express ideas by
si^ns and soifnds, that it is often doubtful what or
how much is meant by one or more woids,owiiig
to the relation in which they stand to each othei
in the sentence ot the manner in which they are
used in tienting of fhe subject in hand. The at-
tempt to atnve at the availing of this clause has
been marked by mucl nbihty and ingenuity, and
a singular inattention to the meaning of the woids
attaint and attainder.
".lit pinker The stainov corruption of the Mood ot'n e  im-
mnl eapitallv condemned ; the vnmediale. inst'iuuaMr con-
sequence bift/ic common lui on the jn onouncLu% the sen truce
gJ ..VJi'' "111' is called aitrunl. atlhuti^. -emied, or
blackened. He N no longer of ;utj eieditoi reputation ; he
cannot !>e a witnr^s ni any com t'
i]ns i> aftei judgment, loi theie isgre.it dili'-xnce be-
tween .i ni'in ro>ii'ctcil and nit/milcd*' L pun liniment,
t!n'ieioii, ot de,itfa, and not before, the ait.undei ot a cum-
in :\l commence-*." tk The con^'Tjuen'Ts ol at truiid'1* <u e lot -
femne and connpuon ol blood."—ToiuUii.
- When ^cnteiKc of d"ath, the ino^t fitihlo and h-^lie-t
judirmenf in the law- of England. ^ pronounced. ih'- nn-
ni-'diate ni-epJiMble consequence liom !Jio- common Liu i-
atunniei ' '"Tlie (locfiim' Ik ai
upon ,ut:u'!(Ie> tint;ly Jtins- tli.it the blond oi tin-
to, h\ ThecoHiMiv-mu of any tHony is connpted and
?t;nned. and the oi urinal donation ol the h'tid i-^ thciebv de-
U'i inu!'■(]. it hi-1 uiralu iv > d to ! lie vur-al upon the im-
p!iii! foiiditinn ot <Ln  Lt'nr ^ lit Upon the /.'<«' jU'^h
demonsruLioi of winch iruiIt, by leual r/ttcuuhi. tne nmiunl
covenant anil bond of J« aitv <U'J held to be biokcn. the estate
in -Kiinly tall-3 back fiom the olf.nider to the bad "i the lee.
and tin; inheiiinhleqiialit} ot in^ blood l.s extinguished and
blotted out foiovei,"—}ilac^stone.
These are the best texts I have been pblo to find,
and yet they ai" a little loose. Toniiin seems to
use attainder as either cause or effect. He first
puts it as the corruption of blood, which at common
law was ii'VncduihJij and inseparably consequent
upon judgim-nt ol death for felony, and next says
tlie coiLhe'iuciico or attainder aic/o?/tri/urt and cor-
ruption <J blood, thus using attainder as judgment
and putting corruption and forfeiture astho conse-
quences. This convertible use ofthe word occurs
thiough all the books, iiiaekstone puts attainder
as the consequence of judgment of death. And
the expression "that the blood of the tenant, by
] the commission of any felony, is conupted and
stained ," would seem inaccurate, unless immedi-
ately qualified by the words "upon the thorough
demonstration of which guilt by legal attainder,"
or unless he means thatuponsueh demonstration
the consequences attach and revert back to the
commission of the felony. And to say that the
guilt may or must be demonstrated by attainder,
is using attainder m the sense of judgment.
A previous clause prohibits bills of attainder.
By bill of attainder, passed by Parliament, either
during the life ofthe party thus attainted or after
Ins death, he was found or declared guilty by legis-
lative enactment, without judicial trial, his blood
was corrupted, his hens disinherited, and his es-
tate forfeited or confiscated. It was deemed so
important to exclude this engine of oppression,
whose motive-power had always been passion,
malicc, revenge, and avarice, that it was specially
prohibited, though a fair interpretation of other
piovisions would really attain the same thing.
Then another clause gives to Congress power
to punish treason, but limits the effect of an " at-
tainder of tieason." That attaindei is beie used
m the more comprehensive sense of judgment, ju-
dicial demonstration ofguilt, isproved by the pro-
hibition oi'legislative attainder, and by putting cor-
! ruption and lotfeiture as the things worked by at-
| tatnder. The limitation is " except during the
I life."' To what does the limitation apply ? To
! the power to punish ? or the extent of cormption
! and forleituie, the limejor ir/ur/Mhey may occur5
oi to the tune dui tug ichich they must be accom-
plished, lea v ing them, when accomplished, as ex-
tensive as they were at common-law? or only
upon the eomnion-law effect of attainder or judg-
ment, leaving statutory punishment as broad us the
discietion ofCongress? or does it limit both the
mode and the extent of coi ruption and foifeiture
as a punishment for treason? To a legal mind
these questions are as interesting as they are im-
poi tant.
It is a stinting point to say the limiia.tion was
(iut theie for some purpose. It is oiu duly, theie-
fore, to give n a meaning that i.: not absuid, a
meaning consistent with the language used, con-
sistent with other parts of the same instrument,
and hostile to or inconsistent with the evils to be
avoided. But.foi the purpose of consti uetion, it
ought always to be remembered that the object
aimed to be clu cted by the i< gislator, u In n well
known and adnutti d, is latino a lamp to lead by
than a pen to wiite with. When language pal-
pably docs not accomplish an object, we need not
piesunie, we ai e required to conclude% that tin* ob-
ject was not intended. This eas-'e is rendered the
more complex because many cleat minds have
doubts of t he nhjrrtas well as t he lunsrmure While
the object must always be ^allnued, if possible,
from the language used, it is fair and competent
to call to our assistance the light of previous his-
t< ry, existing evils, and conlempoianeous opin-
ions. U does notrequne much geneiositv tofid-
mit that without these tuds the technical argument
on the othei side would have miuh fence.
i have not omitted to obsei ve the point of punc-
tuation made by the guith'man from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Koutwiii l,] and, wh ile 1 wonldnvail
jj myself of any leal nssistance to get at the truth,
;] and would not tall l>nck on what he admits to
II be tine, that the law does not punctuate, i musi
I ■ say ! hat, 1 have i;<'>t been able to see that t he clause
i' would mean differently with oi without commas
!t fiom the wold but to the woid attainted; and the
!| lact that difierenr editions have u thiee dillVrent
w.iv's would seem to piovr (his lather iiian that
. either w us t ht or that e.ny was necessai y. Tin i e
, ate kjiiic sentences in our language where liglit
1 punctuation is not only neeessaiy, but wiotig
; nnnctucitu)n changes tne whole meanin<>. This?
is not one of t hem i f i t !nul said shall not woi k
i: fl/u/< oi ruption of blood; neillur shall it vorkiov-
: fei'tuie exdpt," c^'e., it would have seemed to
nil an what he would ha\e it mean as to forfeit-
ure. It would !x quUe an era in the lfisto"rv of
punctunfion when the tale to the icai estate m
half an < mr-no ahouid turn on the. question of a
s< nttnee hung pointed or not pointed heio oi thei e
; by a comma.
j, In attemptin;
to fix the true moaning' of the
clause the gentleman from Indiana- [Mr. Orth]
makesan ingenious philologicalargumenttOprove
that except^ as theie used, is synonymous with
unless; that they are, or were at that day, con-
vertibleterms,and that therefore theclanse means
the same as if it had read ts unless during the life
of the person attainted." If the two words are
of the same import exactly, I cannot see what is
gained to the argument by an exchange or substi-
tution of one for the other, for it would still £e a
question, what is the limitation? The argument
leaves ns where we began. If unless means any-
thing different from except, or suits a given con-
struction better, then that difference of meaning
destroys the foundation of the argument, the sup-
posed sijnonomy.
It may be the most apt words have not been
used for limiting the effect to a life estate, saving
the fee to the heir. If it had read "for the life
of," or u for the term of the life," or "for and
during the life,"or "an estate forthe life of," ail
doubt would have been excluded.- While it is
admitted that in conveyancing a life estate may
be raised or limited by the habendum to hold dur-
ing cl given life, yet the fact that good lawyers
did not use the most apt words of the law to de-
fine a life estate, lends plausibility to the idea that
they used the word during to express the time
when, or during which, a thing must happen or
be done, rather than the quantity of estate that
should pass, or the time for which it should be
ludd.
Cut would not the last-named construction in-
volve the absuulity of gravely prohibiting the
trial and condemnation of a dead man, and re-
qunmgthathe shall be accused, convicted, and
condemned by judgment pronounced (whereof
comes attaint) while he yet lives? It palpably
could not be done by judicial proceedings except
while he lives. Then since tile words must have
a meaning if possible, and a sensible and consist-
ent meaning being always prefened, are we not
driven (o the conclusion that the limitation is upon
the estate taken, the time for which it may be
confiscated to the Government, and not upon tjie
time tlurmg which the foi feitni e may occur? The
latter is in the nature of things and of the attain-
der here mentioned, and the Constitution could
not make it moie ccitaiji.
The reductlo ad absurdum so much \< bed on, to
wit, the alleged folly and impolicy of inflicting
for the highest and blackest of crimes a lesser pun-
| ishinent than is or may be competently inflicted
I for lighter offenses, and of prohibiting to attain-
der what may be accomplished by sale of the fee
| under a capias proJine, and ot Government rcceiv-
- ing and disposing of a title enduring only from
j the puson to the scaffold, or ns was aptly said the
I other day, " of the length of the hangman's hal-
j ter," would be more conclusive to my nund in
! framing an instrument than in consti omg it. And
, then it is no absurdity in a logical or legal sense;
j the reduc.tio hns not occurred, for if the laic is so,
1 the absurdity; is not in the construction that so
leads it, but in the legislation that so made it.
! That foifeiture might occur under the Consti-
tution, whether by statute or as the common-law
j incident of attainder, is sufTiciently pioved by the
! use of the word and the limitation " except dur-
1 ing." But whether it must come of the statute
! or of the common law, and if by either then for
i what time, is quite a different question. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [IVJ r. Stevejjs] says
it could not come of the common law, because^as
| to the Government of the United States there is
' no common law in this countiy. Is this quite
clear: it is rendiiy admitted that then1 are none
; but statutory com is. and that jurisdiction of trea-
i sou and othei felonies is confeired by statute, and
i' that the statute does enumeiate vaiurns offenses
; and denounce the punishment. Hut suppose ju-
!, nVdiction were confriied of tieason, muidei-jand
! other felonies, without sayng more, would not
j: the common-law definition of murder, and the
• ' common-law punishment of murder attach as of
course? And when the man is on trial for his
.■ life, where do< s the court look forthnse vital tests
and rules by winch to determine the {sufficiency
|i of the indu tmcut ami the leleynnoy ami compe?
^ tency of evidence ? To ibe statute or to fhe com-
I, mon ln\;> hudent'ly to the latter. It we say
| theie can be no attainder in this country, or no
i1 effect of judgment, as of the common law, for that
li under the United States there is no common law,
