THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Everything depending on positive enactment, then
seeing the language is used, we can give to it no
Other effect or sense than as a limitation of the
estate to be divested by the law of Congress punish-
ing treason. The gentleman's reasoning drives us
infallibly to this conclusion, and without intend-
ing it, he has struck the heaviest blow yet dealt
against the constriffction contended for by his
friends.
I have partly discussed and must now dispose
of thg greatest difficulty I have felt in this matter.
Congress has power to punish treason, but a limit
is put upon the work or effect "of an attainder of
treason. In the same sentence a power is con-
ferred and a limitation expressed upon the effect
of that judicial finding by which atone the power
can beexecuted. Does this limit the power to de-
clare the punishment, or only the effect ofthe pun-
ishment when adjudged ? Is it a limitation upon
punitive power, upon the legislation by which pun-
ishment is declared, or only upon the judgment
by which punishment is ordered to be inflicted?
Would limiting one be of any effect without limit-
ing both ? Does not a limit placed upon one operate
as a limit upon the other? Does it only take away
from conviction and judgment of death the effect
(corruption and forfeiture) resulting under the
common law? If so, may not Congress declare
what punishment it pleases? In some of the
writers, as we have seen, attainder and judgment
are used as convertible or synonymous terms, and
so are the words attainted and condemned. I
think the more accurate and technical use of the
word is as a consequence, the tmctuie, the cor-
ruption of blood, its incapacity to inherit or trans-
mit, which invariably and inseparably resulted at
the common law from a judgment of death for
felony. Technical attainder was not so much the
judgment as the corruption worked by that judg-
ment. The judgment did not, in terms, fmtcit or
corrupt, but worked or drew to itself and upon the
criminal these consequences by the ancillary op-
eration ofthe common law. But the two bemgso
inseparably blended, we may easily see how even
good lawyers and accurate writers would come to
speak of attainder as judgment. So it seems to be
used in the Constitution, else the words " no at-
tainder shall woik coriuption of blood, or for-
feiture except," &c., being rendered, would read
" no corruption of blood or forfeiture shall work
corruption of blood or foifeiture except," &c.
Then if the term is used as ajudgmcntof tica-
son, is the limitation merely upon the effect of the
judgment, or upon the power of Congress to pun-
ish? If the expression of one excludes the other,
and if Congress is empowered to declare the pun-
ishment of treason, and if the limitation is in
terms that the attainder or judgment shall not work
certain things, is it not a fair conclusion that, if
Congress will, the same things may be declared
by enactment? May not technical yet correct
and legitimate reasoning confine the limitation to
the judgment, leaving the punitive power and dis-
cretion of Congress unabridged? This construc-
tion would make the Constitution mean that Con-
gress may, by enactment, punish treason as it
will; but in the absence of any such enactment,
or of any penalty other thandeath, the judgment
shall not of itself work corruption or foifeiture
beyond or longer than the life of the guilty party.
That it must be done, if at all, during the life is \
in the nature of things, for no dead man is ad- j
judged to be hanged; and, as to judgments, they i
never did attaint anything but wurm blood. Alter i
bills of attainder were prohibited, an aitainderor \
corruption of blood by judgment could only hap- .
pen to blood coursing through the veins of a live 1
man. And tins is shown by the opinion in all ;
the books, that if a man die or escape in the m- j
terval between conviction and judgment of exe-
cution, there was no attainder.
it would be disingenuous in me to say that this '
view has occasioned mc no doubt or difficulty. ■
Such a consti uction would at first seem technically 1
to satisfy the language used.* Whether it attains i
the object intended to be accomplished is quite a '!
differentqufstion. The weightofauthonty, until !
just now, seems to be decidedly m favor of the idea i j
thdt the Government can only take a life estate,
an estate for the life of the party convicted; that
the limitation is upon the punishment, and not !!
.merely upon the incidents of the judgment ascer- '
taming guilt and pronouncing punishment. And
this idea is iu harmony with the avowed purpose
of preventing the enormous abuses and the " ap-
petizing effects" that have occurred in other coun-
tries, and the growing modern tendency to aban-
don confiscation, and to punish the person by
death or imprisonment. What was accomplished
by taking away the common-law effect of sen-
tence, which was not merely the forfeiture of his
estate, but the corruption of his blood in himself
and posterity, if the same effect might be denounced
ae a punishment by act of Congress? The heats
of civil war and the passions of majorities were
things sedulously guarded against in the Consti-
tution. The limitation is equally upon corruption
of blood as upon forfeiture, and the limitation
shows that corruption might occur. Then here
is the fallacy of the technical construction I am
combating. If "during the life of" means while
he yet lives> it is no limitation upon corruption,
which would then occur as fully as of old, since,
by judgment, it could only occur to a living man.
But if " during" meant for the term of the life the
heir is saved of corruption, and the only effect
upon the inheritable quality of the blood is to pre-
vent the party from taking during his own* life,
or the melancholy span of it between the dun-
geon and the halter, leaving his heir to take his
own estate, and whatever the attainted one might
have taken but for the temporary disability. It
would seem this construction would not prevent
the transmission through his blood from his an-
cestor to his offspring, since the disability of the
blood is removed at the death of the guilty party;
and had it not been tainted during his own life it
would have taken that which now passes at his
death. By this construction the heir is not injured
either in blood or estate. Nemo est h&resviven-
tis. Suppose descent cast by death of a guilty per-
son's ancestor after attaint, and before final execu-
tion. Is the whole inheritance defeated, or only
held in abeyance until execution, after which the
heir ofthe convict may enter? Or will the heir of the
convict take from his remote ancestor during the
natural life of Ins immediate-ancestor, upon the
ground thatthe latterisalready civilly dead PThcre
is no legal difficulty as to what becomes of the
estate. If the Government takes an estate for life
and the. inheritance is held in abeyance, the Gov-
ernment may enter and hold until the execution
of judgment. The alleged folly of the Govern-
ment concermngitselfaboutreccivingand dispos-
ing of so short a tenure, or making itself a trustee
to support a remainder, docs not quite amount to
legal reasoning. It may be said that it makes cor-
ruption and foi fciture practically nugatory as pun-
ishments, and that it had been as well to prohibit
them altogether. That may be. But, on the other
hand, I ask to be pointed one reason in law,one
fact in history, one grievance or mislbi tune of our
ancestors, that would have induced the Conven-
tion to take away the well-known, inseparable,
immediate, well-defined common-law effect of
judgment or attainder of treason, and leave the
Congress powcrto lestore it. Congress might pun-
ish treason by imprisonment for life, and a for-
feiture for that life, which might as easily be a
quaiteror half a century as a few days. The
supposed absurdity involves the death penalty as
a fixed fact, when it is not fixed by the Constitu-
tion. If no attainder of treason shall of itself
woik the things prohibited, can Congress say the
attainder shall work them? And if they cannot
give to the attainder this effect, can they give any
such effect to their own- legislation? The subject-
matter tivated of is the power of Congress to pun-
ish treason, and can they do by a statute that
| which it is declared shall not be done by judg-
] rnent? How would or how could such a statute
: be enforced except by the judgment of a court?
I And when the judgment is rendered in exact pur-
suance of tiie statute, corrupting the blood for all
| tune and forfeiting the fee, would it not be rather
, a nice distinction to say this was worked by the
! statute and not thejudgment? The consequences
I of attainder or judgment of treason .were as defi-
nitely fixed and known asanythingelse under the
common law. When the Convention took away
these consequences, did it not take them away
from the punishment of treason to be declared by
Congress? Would any other construction be en-
tirely consistent with the constitutional prohibi-
tion against bills of attainder? The Constitution
is cleat ly more jealous of the legislature than of
the judiciary; it absolutely piohibits Congiess
from doing u dircctly by bill acting immediately
on the person without trial. If they may accom-
plish the same thing, as to the living, by statu-
tory punishment to be imposed by a court, when
the Constitution says the attainder of treason shall
not work this effect, then practically the only ef-
fect of the clause against bills of attainder is as to
the dead. Is it not probable that the word attain-
der is here used in the compound or comprehen-
sive sense of guilt 9 trial, punishment, judgment,
and that thus the limitation is upon the punish-
ment, the power of Congress, the consequence of
crime, and not merely upon the consequences at
common law of the judgment ascertaining the
guilt? Ail will admit that Congress might com-
petently punish treason, or declare the punish-
ment to be fine and imprisonment without the
death penalty and without either corruption or
forfeiture. Query: would not that be an "at-
tainder of treason" m the sense in which those
words are used in the Constitution ? If so, and I
cannot now see it otherwise, my view is strength-
ened.
1 have not omitted to notice the suggestion of
the gentleman from Massachusetts that it would
be incompetent for the United States to raise and
pass an estate for life by carving it out of the fee,
and vest such an estate in the purchaser within
those States wherein an estate for life in realty is
unknown to the local law, the regulation of titles
and estates being under the control of State gov-
ernments. This is a nicerdeference to the power
of the State governments than we are in the habit
of hearing from those who are urging the measure
now before the House. I am quite sure such es-
tates could-be raised by deed under the common
law in States that do not prohibit such convey-
ances, and I do not know of any such prohibi-
tions. In any event, if they result from the oper-
ation of a " supreme law," they are competent.
Nor have I overlooked the argument of the folly
of prohibiting to an attainder what, it is alleged,
might be worked by a capias pro fine; of prohibit-
ing the attainder from forfeiting the fee, and yet
allowing an amercement which will exhaust the
whole estate and pass the fee underexecution sale,
thus accomplishing indirectly what is prohibited
from being directly done. There might be a doubt
whether that could be done. I will not give an
opinion. But the argument, if well founded,does
not quite reach the case. It would be pertinent
as touching the fitness of such a distinction, and
when the fine goes to the Govei nment, the reason
against the u appetizing effect" would be nearly
as strong in one case as in the other. But I am
now discussing the legal effect of an instrumen-
tality and not the soundness of its'policy.
The language of Mr. Madison, in No. 43 of
the Federalist, "the Convention have,withgieat
judgment, opposed a bariier to this peculiar dan-
ger, by inserting a constitutional definition of
the crime, fixing the proof necessary for a con-
viction of it,, and restraining the Congress, even in
punishing it, from extending the consequences of
guilt beyond the person of its author," shows
clearly Mr. Madison's opinion to have been that
the limitation is upon the power of Congress, and
not merely on the effects of thejudgment. Then
what was meant by confining the consequences of
guilt to the person of the author? It has been
urged with much zeai that taking a man's prop-
erty is punishing his peison in the sense here used.
I think that it is correct,and thinlt Mr. Madison
so viewed it. Then the inference is drawn that
taking the fee is a punishment of the peison and
not of the heir, since the heir has neither natural
nor legal right to the estate while the'ancestor lives,
and^ therefore a forfeiture or confiscation of the
fee is no violation of the Constitution. But the
social right of the heir to the inheritance has come
to be so universally recognized that with neaily
all but legal minds it has come to be regarded as
a natural right, so much so that taking away the
inheritance does practically punish the heir; and
Mr, Madison was addressing tha people, and not
a learned court, giving them the reasons why they
should adopt the Constitution. He offered one
they could understand, and his putting it in this
unlearned form is the strongest evidence of his
understanding of the Constitution. Moreover,
Mr. Madison was speaking of the whole clause,
and the clause treats of corruption as well as for-
feiture; the limitation applies to both, and it is
difficult to say that corruption of blood, though
occurring m the person of the guilty party, did
