2522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
choose to act upon it, I should like to have them
discharged, so that it can come before the Sen-
ate. I nave sought repeatedly during the morn-
ing hour to call up the question, and now I am
here in my place and I ask to have the committee
discharged, so that the joint resolution can lie on
the table. 1 do not want it considered now; I
simply want to bring it before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The motion is that the Senate
now take up for consideration the"resolution re-
ferred to by the Senator from California, which
is to discharge the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions from the further consideration of the joint
resolution of the House of Representatives in re-
gard to Mexican affairs.
Mr. CLARK. It seems to me that should nop
be done now. When the Senate took a recess
the tax bill was under consideration, and undoubt-
edly Senators expected that it would be resumed
immediately on the 'Senate's coming together
again, and that may be the reason why the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations is
not in his place. I hope no other subject will be
taken up, but that the regular order of business
"will be proceeded with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that the bill under consideration at the
time the Senate took its recess is still before the
Senate, and that the matter which has been taken
up has been so taken up by common consent of
the Senate. The Chair thinks that any discussion
of a subject which is not before the Senate, unless
by common consent, is out of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senate have power
to take up this resolution by a majority.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
Eut the question to the Senate if it is requested;
ut the Chair cannot entertain discussion on the
subject without common consent.
Sir. McDOUGALL. I do not desire to engage
in discussion upon it. I have sought to bring this
question before the Senate, but have not been able
to obtain the floor in the morning hour, though
I have tried to do so forn long time. I simply
ask for the vote of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question on the motion of the Senator
from California, which is to postpone the bill reg-
ularly before the Senate for the purpose of taking
up the resolution indicated by him.
The question being put on a viva voce vote, the
Chair decided that the motion appeared not to be
agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask far a division. I
desire to have this question on the table so that it
may be called up for action, no more. I want
it before the Senate; it belongs hereby right; and I
have waited long for it,
Mr. POWELL. I am clearly of opinion that
the Senate ought not to allow a committee to keep
a matter the whole session in tins way and not
report.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have been tryin<* to
get the floor for a long time to move in this mat-
ter, and I insist on a division.
A division being had, the ayes were 3 and the
noes 20.
The-PRESIDING OFFICER There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. CLARK and others called for the yeas
and nays.-
Mr. McDOUGALL. I withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is too late
now, the vote of the Senate having disclosed the
want of .a quorum.
Mr. HENDRICKS.' I suppose if another mo-
tion were,interposed that difficulty would not be
in the way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No motion
can be entertained by the Chair, except to ad journ
or send for the absent members, when a vote dis-
closes the want of a quorum. The presence of
a quorum may, however, be developed by the
yeas and nays on the motion of the Senator from
California, and on this motion they have been
demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Davih, Hendricks, McDougall, i'owcll.
and Sautsbury—
NAYS —Messrs. Oiiirk, Cotmess, Dixon, Fesscndon,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Il.irlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, John-
son, Morgan, JMoriilt, Pomei^y, Ramsey, Shaman, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willcy, and Wil-
son—93.
■ ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Bucknlew, Car-
lilc, Chandler, UolKimer, Cowau, Doolittie, Giimes, Hard-
ing, Henderson, Hicks, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Nesmith, Richardson, Riddle, Sprague, Sumner, Wilkin-
son, and Wright—21.
So the motion was not agreed to.
'internal revenue.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H.R. No.
405) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and sixty-two, line three, after the word
" been" to insert " heretofore."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word " af-
fixed," in line seven of section one hundred and
sixty-two, to insert "with his initials."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Those words " with
his initials" are in the wrong line. They should
appear after "affixed" in the eighth line. 1 move
that they be transposed to that place.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That transpo-
sition will be made if there be no objection; and
the question is on the amendment in that form.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve of sec-
tion one hundred and sixty-two, after the word
" court" to insert " register, orrecorder, respect-
ively."
The amendment was agreed to. #
The next amendment was in line fifteen of sec-
tion one hundred and sixty-two, after the word
" prior" to strike out " or subsequent."
Mr. HENDRICKS. Thatquestion, of course,
I suppose will be reserved for consideration in the
Senate as the other amendments in relation to
stamps.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be adopted now,
but it will be open when we come into the Senate.
I suggest to the Senator to make a memorandum
of those questions that he will wish to reserve for
separate votes in the Senate, so that they will not
be overlooked.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and sixty-four, line one, after the word
" that" to strike out " no" and insert " if any."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five of section
one hundred and sixty-four to strike out " waxed
papers" and insert " wax tapers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten of section
one bundled and sixty-four, after the word "men-
tioned"to strike out '-'and in defaultthereof,"and
to insert "he or they;"'and after "dollars," in
line twelve, to insert " for every omission to affix
such stamp;" so as to read:
Without affixing thereto an adhesive stamp or label dc-.
noting the duty lielore mentioned, he or they shall incur a
penalty of ten dollaisfor every omission to aflix such stamp.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and sixty-six, line seven, after the word
"shall" to strike out" hide" and insert "seerete;"
and after "to he," in line eight, to strike out
" hidden" and insert " secreted."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was ill section one hun-
dred and sixty-seven, line three, after the word
"or" to strikeout " waxed" and insert " wax;"
and after " tapers" to insert " cordials and other
liquors manufactured wholly or in part of do-
mestic spirits."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after "1ialf,"in line
fifteen, to insert ''of that."
The amendment was agreed to.
Tiie next amendment was to add to section one
bundled and sixty-eight the following proviso:
Provided, That when any such articles shall be sold by
any person other than the manufacturer thereof, in the
ongiual and unbioken package; in winch the bottles or other
inclosures were packed by the manufacturer, the person so
selling said articles shall not be subject to any penalty on
, j account of the want of the proper Mamp.
iS The amendment was agreed to.
;i The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and sixty-nine, alter the word " and," in line
seven, to insert " to the,"and stake out the final
"s" m "assessors;" and after "United States"
to insert "or designated depository thereof." -
The amendment was agreed to.  
The next amendment was to add to section one
hundred and sixty-nine the following clause:
And the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is further
authorized, from time to ume, to furnish, buppiy,aml de-
liver to any manufacturer of trietion or other matches, cigar
lights, or wax tapers, a suitable quantity of adhesive or
other stamps, such as may be prescribed for use m such
cases, without prepayment therefor, on a credit not exceed-
ing sixty days, requiring, in advance, such secuuty as he
may judge necessaiy to secure payment therefor withm the
time prescribed for such payment. And upon all bonds or
other securities taken by said Commissioner under the pro-
visions of this act, suits may be maintained in the circuit
or district courts of the United States, in I he several dis-
uicis where the persons giving said bonds or other secu-
rities reside, in any appropriate form of action.
The amendment wa^ agreed to.
The next amendment was in schedule B, line
seven, after the word " onp," to insert" appraise-
ment," and after " paper" to strikeout " oroth-
erwise;" so that the clause will read:
Provided, That if more than one appraisement, agree-
ment, or contract shall be written upon one siieet or piece
of paper, five cents for each and every additional appraise-
ment, agreement, or contract.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten of sched-
ule B, after " money" to insert " whatsoever,"
and after u banker" insert " or;" after " or" to
insert " for any sum exceeding ten dollars drawn
upon," and after "any"to insert "other;" so as
to read:
Bank check, draft, or order for the payment of any sum
of money whatsoever, drawn upon any bank, banker, or
trust companv, or for any sum exceeding §10 drawn upon
any other person or peVs-ons, companies, or corporations,
at sight or on demand,2_cehts.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is now a limitation
that bank checks for less than twenty dollars need
not be stamped. How>does this aftect that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That limitation is taken
away as to checks on banks-, but makes a limita-
tion of ten dollars on checks drawn on other per-
sons.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move, in lines forty-
seven, forty-eight, and forty-nine of schedule B,
to strike out " where the penalty or money ulti-
mately recoverable thereupon is $1,000;" and also
to strike out lines fifty, fifty-one, and fifty-two,
which arc: *
Where the penalty or money ultimately recoverable
thereupon exceeds .$1,000, for every additional $1,000, or
traetional part thereof in excess of.«?i,000, 50 cents.
The result of my amendment is to leave the
provision as to bonds to stand thus:
Bond.—For indemnifying any person for the payment of
any sum of money, or for the due execution or performance
oi the duties of any olfice,or to account for money received
by virtue thereof, 50 cent*.
Bond of any description, other than such as may be re-
quired in legal proceedings, or u^ed in connection with •
mortgage deeds, and not otherwise charged in this sched-
ule, eenN.
There are collectors and other officers who give
bondsfor the honest discharge of theirduties who
might have to pay a stamp tax of $50 or $100 if
the provision be left as it has come to us.
The amendment ^as agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines sixty one,
sixty-three, and sixty-four of schedule B, re-
spectively, to strike out " hundred" and insert
"thousand;" so as to make the clause read:
Certificate of profits, or any certificate or meinotandum
showing an interest in the property or accumulations of
any incoiporated company, if for a sum not less than $10
and not exceeding $50, 10 cents.
Exceeding $50 and not exceeding $1,000, 25 cents.
Exceeding §1,000, for every additional $'1,000, or frac-
tional part thereof, 25 cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one hun-
dred and five of schedule B to insert:
Gaugers'returns, if for a quantity not exceeding five huu
dred gallons gtoss,lQ cents.
Exceeding live hundred gallons gross, 20 cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one hun-
dred and thirty-eight of schedule B to insert:
Measurers' returns, if for a quantity not exceeding one
thousand bushels, 10 cents.
Exceeding one thous-and bushels, 25 6ents.
The amendment was agreed to.
