1864.
THE CON(xKESSIONAL GLOBS/
1
shoulder, as in the commencement of this war.
We are told, and told almost daily, that the Con-
stitution is violated and the dearest rights of'
the citizen tiodden under foot by the "black
Republicans," for the sole purpose of abolishing
slavery; and in this category truth compels me to
assign to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] a
prominent, probably the most prominent position.
According to his logic, men are thrust into dun-
geons, into " American bastiles," for mere opin-
ion's sake. If any error has been committed by
the Administration in this matter, that error has
teen on the side of lenity; for my opinion is, if
ten of these persistent sympathizers with treason
had been incarcerated where but one has received
such attentions, it would have been better for the
country.
The lamentations of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] over the case of his friend Vallandig-
ham; are grievous in the extreme: like some one of
old, he i 'refuses to be comforted." it should be
some consolation to him at leyst that his friend
Vallandigham in all his troubles was in the hands
of old Democrats, Democrats of that good old
school who love their country too well to see it
destroyed by traitors. Vallandigham wasarrestcd
"by order of a Democrat, General Bumside, a loyal
son of Indiana. He was tried and convicted by
a court-martial, almost every member of which
was a Democrat; and that trial and conviction was
fully examined, revised, and confirmed by a Dem-
ocratic judge, one who received his appointment
at the hands of Andrew Jackson, and who is a
firm believer in the Jackson doctnneof dealing
with traitors. While " waiting and watching:over
the border,5' he cannot say that his banishment
is the work of abolitionists.
Mr.Speaker, you know, and the country knows,
that old and true Dcmociats are found in every
position, civil and military, battlingforthe coun-
try. We have them in the Cabinet, on the floors
of Congress, at the head of the Army, in the ranks
of the soldiers, in the walks of private life, giving
their aid and their suppoit to the Government.
My friend from the Toledo district [Mr. Asiii.ey]
calls my attention to the icrvark of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood,] that
there can be no such a person a*> " a war Demo-
crat." Parn aware that this remark was made
to-day by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Fernando Wood,] and I feel satisfied that the
countiy will mark that extraordinary assertion.
I know it to be untrue, and my colleagues on both
sides of this Chamber will bear me witness that
jn Jndiana hundreds and thousands of men who
have been Democrats all their lives, up to the
firing of the first gun at Fort Sumter, are now un-
conditional supporters of the Government, and
these men, had they been called upon to vote on
the resolution for (he expuLsion of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Harris,] would have given
an emphatic affirmative vote. Sir, I hold in my
hand a copy ofa memoi ial and resolutions adopted
by the officers and soldiers in the Indiana regi-
ments jti the army of the Cumbeiland, and sent
to our Legislature during the session of 1S63. I
Will read a portion of it:
" To the Genera! AstcinlUj of the Stole of Indiana:
"The undersigned office! sanrl soldiers of the Indiana vol-
unteer icstmentr., submitting with p-itnotie fclf-demal to
tiie policy u hicii denied us a voice m the late election, and
appiovmg the wi>dom ot that feature of our Government
which mxmihw the civil liordom fiom the influence of the
imhtaty power, nevertheIe-M|e>ire to participate in the ptc-
hmumry councils which are to shape the popul.u ideas of
the si lute, and consequently to control the actions of it<?
Ropte.-entdUves in the Gcncia! A.^sfmbh. We :«peak, as
hOldiers. because ourlive* aic staked upon the i^sueol the
present striiiiffh'; citizen*, because, at no distant day,
those of u-; who survive are to share with you the responsi-
bilities of citizen-dap, and to cxpctience, ut common with
tlx- people at home, the icsults of jour present delibera-
tions.'5 #•**** * k
u in conclusion, we propose the following resolutions to
bo adopted by the Lejjudnture of Indiana, and to consti-
tute the b.wt of all tho^c a'!-tf. bearing upon the interests
involved in the foie£ oingaddre>&:
" !. Resolved, That vv e are unconditionally and determ-
inedly in lavor of the Union.
k** . Ilt.,oloed, That in order to the preservation of the
Union wo aie in iavot of a\ timorous piosecution of the war.
u Jlcsofvcd, Thai we w.l! Mtj-taiu oui 8 fate and federal
nmhonne-, with mom} and HipplK's, m all their effoit-> to
fcu*tniuihe Union and pio^coute the war.
<k 4. JiCsolred, That we v. ill discountenance eveiy faction
and intiuonce tending to eteatc animosities at home, oi to
nflord consolation and hope to our enemiesm aim*, and
that we will coopciate only with tho.^e who will stand by
the Union and by those who are fighting the battles of the
Union.''
Here is the voice of forty thousand of the brave
sons of Indiana giving their opinion of this war.
Hundreds of these men were always Democrats;
and do you suppose that if the humblest of them
had been occupying a seat on this floor last Sat-
urday, he would have been found voting with my
Democratic colleagues to retain in his seat a man
who boldly proclaimed that he hoped " God Al-
mighty would never grant success to our soldiers?"
But, sir, I have another document here, signed
by some of the most active and prominent Dem-
ocrats of my State. My Democratic colleagues
are familiar with the names of Hovey, Spicely,
McLean, McGmnis, and Slack,appended to this
address. These are names that will live in his-
tory when the names ofsympathizers with treason
will be remembered only with scorn and detesta-
tion.
To the Democracy of Indiana ;
The following stming appeal has been addressed to the
Dcmoeiaey ot Indiana by their companions in aims in Ar-
kansas :
Having a deep inteiest in the future glory and welfare of
our country, and believing that we occupy a position in
which we can sec the effects of the political struggles at
home upon the hopes and fears of the rebels, we deem it
to be oui duty to speak to you openly and plainly iu regard
to the same.
The rebels of the South are leatuHg on the northern
Democracy for suppoit, and it is unquestionably title that
unjustifiable opposition to the Adniini«luition is <• giving
aid and comfoit to the enemy." While it is the duty of
patriots to oppose the usuipauon of power, it is alike their
duty to avoid captious criticism*, that might create the,
very eviU which they attempt to avoid.
The name of Demouat, associated with all that is bright
and glouous in the histoiy of the past, is being sullied and
dit-graccd by demagogues, who aie appealing to the low est
prejudices and passions of our people. YVc have nothing
to expect fiom the riouth, and nothing to hope, without
their conquest. They aie now using their money freely
to subsidize tiie pies* and politicians of the North, and
with wiiat effect the tone of some of our journals and the
speeches ot some ot our leaders too plainly and painfully
testily.
We see, with deep solicitude and regret, that there is an
undeicuuent in Indiana tending tovvaid a coalition of the
Noithwest witli the South against the eastern Slates. Be
not deeeiv.-d. Pan.-e, ftn tiie love you bear to your coun-
try, and reflect. This movement is only a rebel scheme
in disguise, that would involve jou, alike with themselves,
in tiie ciime of rebellion, and bring to your own hearth-
stones the desolation ofa French Revolution. Separation
on cither side, with peacc in the future, is impossible, and
we aic compelled hj sNf-interest, by eveiy principle of
honor, and eveiy impulse ot manhood, to bring this unholy
contest to a suecen^tul tctmuiatton.
What! admit that we aie whipped? That twenty-three
mihon northern men ate unequal to nine millions of the
South? Shauie on the State that would entertain so dis-
graceful a proposition! Shame upon the Democrat who
would submit to it, and raise his cowaidly voice and claim
that he u as an ludiaman ! Up, and such dnstaids, with
their offspung, aie fit <* mud-sills" upon wluclf*tehou]d be
built the lordly sti ucturc oftlieit southei n aristocracy! And
with whom would this unholy alliance be formed? With
men who have foigotten then fathejs, then* oath1?, their
country, and their God; with guernlhis, cotton-burnejs,
with thof.o who force every male inhabitant of the South
capable of beating aims in the liuld, though st.living wives
and babes aie left bchmd ! Men who persecute and hang,
or dnve fiom their lines, every man. woman, and child
who will not fall down and woi>hip the southern god. And
yet fieo-born men of out State will sympathize with such
tyrants, and dare even to dienm of coalition! Indiana's
ptoud and lo\al legions numbet at least seventy thousand
f ffeotive men in the field, and, as with one great heait, we
know they would repudiate all unholy combination tend-
ing to the dismemberment of our Government.
In tins daik hour ol our eounnj's uial there is but one
road to t-uc-et-o and peace, and tiiat is to be as finn'y united
for our Government a-< the rebels aie against it. Small dif-
ferences of opinion amount to nothing in mis craud stiug-
glc for a nation's existence. Do not place even one straw
in the way, mid remenibei that eveiy woidyou speak to
encutuage the South nerves the arm and stukes the blow
which is aimed at the hearu' blood of our biothers and
knuhccl.
ALYIN F. HOVEY, Biig. Gen.
WILLIAM T. SPIC13LY, Col. 3 ith Indiana.
WiL LI AM JG. Mi. LEAN, Col. 43d Indiana.
GEORGE F. MoGlNNiS, Col. lllh Indiana.
JAMKS R. SLACK, Col. 47th Indiana.
Helena, Arkansas, February 2,1863.
But, M r. Speaker, my time is nearly exhausted,
although the theme is inexhaustible. 1 shall vote
for the resolution introduced by my friend and
colleague [Mr. Colfax] for the expulsion of the
gentleman from Ohio, f;Mr. Long.] The country
will not only sustain but thank htm for this act.
1 shall vote for the resolution because I believe the
times demand that this House shall take a bold
and decided stand with reference to these tieason-
i able utterances m this Hall, i shall vote for the
resolution because if unrebuked it \u ll lead to
demoralization in our Army, to divisions, blood-
shed, and riots alloverthe land. I shall vote for
the resolution because the member from Ohio
[Mr. Long] has declared in favor of the recogni-
tion of the so-called confederacy, and hence istm-
worthy of a seat on this floor.. The recognition of
theconfederacyislkedesto^xfctionqfihe United SI cites,
and by no vote, sentiment, oract of mine will this;
ever receive my approbation. '* '
We are told, Mr. Speaker, By these gentlemen
that they are for peax^e. So are we for peae'ei
There is not a man on this side of the House, with
whom I have the honor of acting on this floor,
who is not likewise in favor of peace, but not
until theyebelsyieldobediencetoourlaws. lam
in favor of peace, Mr. Speaker, but not until the
last armed rebel bites the dust. I am in favor of
peacc, but not until the cause of this rebellion
shall be utterly exterminated, not until the last
shackle shall fall from the limb of the last slave.
I am in favor of peace, but not until that starry
flag of ours and this Constitution shall be acknowl-
edged and obeyed over every inch of American
soil.
Mr. KERNAN. Mr. Speaker, the question
before the House is whether one of the Represent-
atives of the people from the State of Ohio shall
be expelled from this body for views which he
entertains, and in support of which he argued at
length on the floor of this House. It certainly,
sir, is an important question—one of great im-
portance in itself, and of grave importance to this
body as a precedent. It is one which calls upon
us to examine it with coolness, with firmness, and,
with delibt ration. The proposition to turn out
of this Huli one of the Representatives sent here
by the people to a^t and speak for them is one o.f
great importance in reference to the Representa-
tive himself, to the rights of his constituents, to
this House as a deliberative body, and to the prin-
ciples upon which our Government is based.
In the remarks which I shall submit, nothing,
I trust, can move or induce me to indulge to any
degree in the bitter partisan and personal denun-
ciations which have characterized so much of
the debate to-day. Is there a person within this
Eiall who, when he remembers the condition of
our country, surrounded as it is with dangers
which threaten its destruction, when he thinks of
our soldiers in the field, and of our sorrow-stricken
and anxious people at home, believes that we, in
the council of the nation, have done or tended to
effect any good to the country,or done anything
toward preserving that Union which we profess
to love so much, by the debate which has oc-
curred to-day? I say this not in disparagement
of any gentleman here, and in no spirit of criti-
cism; I speak honestly that which has pressed
upon my-mind as I have heard bitter and vindic-
tive epithets applied by one member to another
in this Hall. 1 only allude to it to say that I shall
not on this occasion allow myself to speak one
word of like chaiactcr toward those from whom
I may widely differ. I shall confine myself to
those questions which seem to me to pertain prop-
erly to the matter under consideration, stating
my views in regard to the sentiments put forth
by the gentleman from Ohio whom it is proposed
to expel, and my reasons for the vote which I
intend to give on the resolution for his expulsion.
In order to obviate misconception as to the rea-
sons for my action on this question, it is proper
that I should state that [ differ entirely from the
member from Ohio, [Mr. Long,] both as to his
premises and his conclusions, as stated by him in
the remarks he submitted to the House, and which
are now under consideration, in this speech, as
reported in the Globe, he says:
"My fir?it and highest ground of opposition to its ("the
wars] fmther prosecution i* that it is wrong j it ts in viola-
tion ot the Constitution and of the fundamental piincipies
on which the Federal Union was. founded."
He proceeds to give his reasons and arguments
for this opinion, citing vaiious opinions of others
which he claims sustain this position, and finally
says:
" I now believe that there are but two alternatives, and
thoj- aie cither an acknow letlfjment of the independence of
the ^outh as an independent nation or then complete sub-
jugation and extermination as a people, and of these alter-
native; { pteferdhe formei.'5
If there is no constitutional power in the Gov-
i eminent to prosecute the war, to suppress the
i rebellion and maintain the Union, then there is
! nothing extraordinary in his being opposed to
f its further prosecution. But I am of the con-
trary opinion, in myjudgment the Federal Gov-
ernment is sovereign and supreme within its
constitutional limits or sphere, and the State
