SOB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
\ Mr. WILSON. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. COX. I demand the yeas and nays upon
the passage'.
Mr. CRAVENS. As thisis'an important vote,
I move that there be a call of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was tlieri seconded,and
the main question ordered to be put.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the pas-
sage of the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I shall not probably occupy
the hour vvhich is allotted to me in closing this
discussion;
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
the gentleman from Iowa ban now speak upon
the* passage of the bill, tie certainly could upon
the third reading, but the practice has not been to
allow it after a bill or resolution has been read the
thiid time. The previous question has been sec-
onded upon the passage of the resolution.
Mr. \VILSON. if such is the case I have been
under a misapprehension.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state his de-
cision to the House, and they can then dispose
of it. The rule of the House alio ws a gentleman
reporting a bill from a committee, after the pre-
vious question is sustained, and when no other
gentleman has a light to speak, to close debate
upon the question. That, under the practice, has
always been upon the third reading. The gentle-
man from Iowa demanded the previous question
upon the third reading, but did not avail himself of
the opportunity. The joint tesolution was then
engrossed and read the third time,and the previous
question was seconded and the main question
ordered upon the passage of the resolution. The
Chair decides that the gentleman has not the right
to occupy the floor upon the passage of the bill,
when he has declined to occupy it upon the third
readme.
Mr. WILSON. If that is the rule—and I do
not doubt it—I have been misled by some instances:
which have occurred m the House, one of which
was upon an election case.
The SPEAKER. That was on a simple reso-
lution, which is iead only once.
Mt. WILSON. Another instance was when
the gentleman fiom Pennsyhvania [Mr. Stevens]
closed a discussion upon one of the bills of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. That was while amendments
were being adopted. The Chair luled then, in
accordance with the usage, that he claimed his
right too late—that itshould have been exercised
before the House commenced voting under the
previousquestion on amendmcnts;and the House
gave thegentlemari unanimous consent. The gen-
tleman from Iowa has allowed the time to pass
when he was entitled to close the debate, but the
gentleman can proceed by unanimous consent.
Mi. GANSON. 1 hope theie will be no ob-
jection upon this side of the House, provided that
my colleague, [Mr. Krrnajt,] a member of the
Committee on the Judiciary, may be heard also,
each to be confined to half an hour.
Mr. WILSON, i think I might conclude my
remarks m half an hour.
Mr. GANSON. I hope that courtesy will be
extended to my colleague.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection.
TheSPKAKEll. Istheie anyohjection tosuch
an arrangement ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will yield for the piesent to
the gentleman trom New Yoik, [Mr. Kernan.1
Mi. KERNAN. Mr. Speaker, 1 am very re-
luctant to oceufty the time of the House, and it
was upon no suggestion of mine that objection
was made to the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciaiy closing tiie debate, to the end that
I should say a few words. I had a desire at an
eailier stage of this debate to state my views in
reference to tins question.
Now, sir, as I have observed this discussion,
and as I undeistand it, those who insist that the
Federal Government can forfeit the lands of the
people m rebellion m fee, may properly be divided
into three classes, first, those who insist that by
a correct interpretation of the Constitution we
can so forfeit them; secondly, those who insist
that though, when we punish traitors by a trial
and conviction, we cannot forfeit their lands in
fee, nevertheless we may in some other mode than
by trial and conviction punish them by a forfeit-
ure in fee; and, thirdly, those who insist that the
law under consideration has nothing to do with
treason; that we are not dealing with traitors in
the eye of the law; are not seeking to punish
them for treason; but that we are dealing with
them as belligerents, and, by virtue of the law of
nations, may confiscate their lands forever.
Now, sir, i dissent from these propositions, and
although I must express myself briefly, I desire
to say a few words upon each of these points. I
regard the question involved a very important one;
I feel as earnestly as man can feel, that the policy
of Congress in teference to this question of con-
fiscation has very much to do with the present and
future welfare of the country; and I would urge
upon our political opponents that they have as
deep an interest in this question as we have, their
welfare is bound up in the preservation of this
Government and this Union,and if we can satisfy
them that this policy of confiscation is unwise,
that it does not tend to the preservation of tins
Union and this Government, I should hope that
they would vote with us on this question; andl
appeal to each man—not in the hope that in a brief
half hour I can argue them into my belief—but I
appeal to every man who differs with me to con-
sult his own good judgment, and then say whether
we can pass this law without violating the Con-
stitution, without running against the laws of
nations, or without inauguiating n policy which
will bo destructive rather than preservative of this
Government in which wo have all so much at stake.
Now, sir, first, what is the correct interpreta-
tion of the Constitution on this subject, and to that
point I shall give but a few minutes of the time
accorded to me. Let it be remembered that when
the Constitution was made, there were but two
modes by the law of England by which a man's
property could be forfeited in punishment oftj-ea-
son; one was by bill of attainder, by an act of
Parliament winch condemned a man and forfeited
his estate without allowing him to be heard in a
court of justice, and without any of the safe-
gun i ds winch, by the law of England, in the most
arbitrary tunes,,i man had, when he was brought
into a com t of justice and condemned through its
instrumentality.
Now, sir, tins mode the Constitution expressly
prohibits m the language so often alluded to, that
"^Y'o bill of attainder or ex post facto law shall be
passed." Tins mode of forfeiting estates for trea-
son, to wit, by net of Parliament, equivalent un-
der our foi oi of Govei nmcnt to doing so by act of
Congress, the framers of the Constitution deemed
it wise to foi bid absolute! y, and they did so m the
first arti"le of that msti ument by the provision I
have stated.
Theie was then left the other mode known to
the law of England of forfeiting a man's estate for
treason, a political offense, namely, by trial and
condemnation by a coui t of"justice. The lYtfmers
of the Constitution made provisions as to this
mode, [n ai tide three, section three, they define
tieason; tliey declaic that no peison shall be con-
victed of tin:-! ci line unless on the testimony of two
witnesses, oron Ins confession in open court,and
that Congress shall have power to punish it, but
" no attainder of treason shall work con option of
blood, ov forfeiture except dvring the life of the per-
son attainted."
Now, sir, maik that the framersof the Consti-
tution weie in this article deabng with the only
mode known to the law of England, after the
bill of attainder was abolished, by which a person
could be punished by fmfeitui'e of Ins estate for
ticason They presci ibe that "no attainder of
treason" shall work forfeiture of estate except
during the life of the pci son. What is the mean-
ing of "attainder of treason" m legal language?
II is the effect, the consequence of judgment pro-
nounced by the court against a poison who had
been tried and convicted of treason. Blackstone
says:
"• Upon judgment of death, and not before. The attainder
of a eriimtMl comaine-e^ ; and thfiei'ore either upon judg-
ment nf ontl'iwiy <>i of death lor nca^on or Jk tony, a man
fehaU be said to be attainted,"
Again he says:
" Forfeiture does not take effect unSe-s an attainder be
had, of whtehjt is one ot the tiuit>; and there! oiu if a
traitoi dies before judgment ptoiiounced, oi ih kilted m
open iebe]hon,or Munsed by mauia! law, it works no fot-
ieitme oi his land, iur he never was attainted of treason."
That is, he never was convicted and judgment
pronounced against him for treason. "Attainder
of treason," therefore, in its legal and constitu-
tional sense, signifies one of the consequences,
one of the effects ot conviction and judgment by
a court for the crime of treason. This effect, by
the law of England at the time the Constitution
was made, was the forfeiture of the estate of the
offender. When, therefore, the framers of the
Constitution, in the article which defines treason,
prescribe the evidence requisite to convict, and
grant the power to Congress to declare its punish-
ment, and declare that "no attainder of treason,"
that is,no conviction and judgment against a per-
son for treason, shall work a forfeiture of his estate
except during-his life, is it not clear that they in-
tended to, and by the language used clearly did,
limit the power of Congress in punishing by for-
feiture to the takiugof alife estate? Is it not clear
(hat we are foibidden by the Constitution to for-
feit the lands of those in rebellion by way of pun-
ishment for their treason against the Government,
beyond their estates therein for life?
This is the construction given to this portion of
the Constitution by Mr. Madison in the Federal-
ist. Judge Story isclearand unequivocal that this
is its meaning.- In section twelve hundred and
ninety-two of his Commentaries on the Constitu-
tion, after speaking of the grantof power to Con-
gress to declare the punishment of treason, he says:
"Two motives probably concurred in introducing it as an
e\piet-* povvei. One was, not to ie.tve it open to implica-
tion whether it was to be exclusively punishable with death
according to the known luie of the common law, and with
the barbarous accompaniment* pointed out by it; hut to con-
fide the punishment to the di.-=eiction of Congress, The
other teas to impose somelimtiition upon the nature and ex-
tent oj the punishment, so that itshould not woik conuption
of blood orfofeituie beyond the life of the ojjciuler
Now, I appeal to gentlemen whether they will
at this time, m the midst of civil war, under the
influence, to a greater or less degree, of the pas-
sions which civil war always excites, attempt by
ingenuity to interpict the Constitution differently
fiorn the sages who framed, and the learned com-
mentator who, in peaceful times,gave a constiuc-
tion to this part of it winch commanded the ap-
proval of all who sought a correct interpretation
of it. Unless the latter part of the clause of the
Constitution under consideration limits the-power
of Congress in punishing treason by foifeiture,
why was it inserted at all? The first part of the
clause grants to Congress the power to declaic the
| punishment of treason. If it was intended that
} there should be power to forfeit estates in fee the
i latter pait is meaningless, I submit.
! Again, there is another fact to which I wish
to call attention. Every man interpreting the Con-
stitution or a statute should see what the law was
when it was made. What was the law of Eng-
land on this subject when our Constitution was
made? The framers of the Constitution were nat-
urally acting on this subject in reference to the
laws of England, whence we drew most of our laws
and most of our traditions. Now, it should be re-
membered that as eaily as 1708, by the twenty-
fii st chapter of Anne, the British Pail lament abol-
ished forfeiture for treason beyond the life of the
offender. Chancellor Kent says that thehuman-
izingand Christianizing influences of modern times
and the force of public opinion had wrought to
that degree in England, a land at that time often
torn by treasonable factions and piactices, that
by that statute they changed their law; and al-
though it may be true, as the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Wo odb ridge] stated this morning, that
m England the tenures to lands are d iffei ent from
ours, yet this was so then; and from that time
down to this the law has been that no conviction
of treason produced a forfeiture of estate beyond
the life of the party convicted. The founders of
our Government, the fEarners of a Constitution for
a country which from its institutions would nat-
urally have political excitements, factions, and
treasonable practices perchance, think you that
they meant to leave fo the majority the ng-iit to do,
in refeience to forfeiting lands m punishment of
treason, that which had been abolished in England
for more than fifty years at the time tins Constitu-
tion was made?
I therefore submit to gentlemen, to lawyers, to
statesmen, to the construcrs of constitutions and
statutes, whether they will stand for a moment
on the interpretation that, by a fair reading of
the Constitution, we have power to take away
as punishment for treason anything but the life
estate of the offender.
