2524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
Mr. FESSENDEN.,* We have not been guided
by the question whether the thing was to be used
well or ill, but simply by the consideration how
we could get the most money. That was our ob-
ject. I think the present revenue from this source
is fifty or sixty thousand dollars.
Mr^HENBRICKS. The other day the argu-
ment of the Senator from Maine was so powerful
as to stagger my judgment upon the question
whether a high tax upon whisky would reduce
its use, and 1 think the passion for card-playing,
perhaps, is almost as strong as the passion for
liquor; and- playing-cards Can very well bear a
high tax. If the conr\mittee has investigated the
subject thoroughly, I do not insist on the provis-
ion as it stands in the bill, but I should like to
have the vote of the Senate upon it.
Mr. FESS&NDEN. Wc came to the conclu-
sion which I have stated; but if a committee of
conference, which wiil undoubtedly be raised,
shall be satisfied to the contrary, I shall be will-
ing to put this tax up to the highest notch.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after " 1862," in line
jive of section one hundred and seventy-three, to
insert " except the one hundred and nineteenth sec-
tion thereof."
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate ought to under-
stand the importance or this exception. 1 am not
prepare^ now to give any definite opinion us to
tlyj propriety of continuing the direct tax on land,
but the exception does reserve an% continue m
force the diiect tax after 1865. The one hundred
and nineteenth section of the act of 1862 referred
to-is as follows:
Sec. 119. be it faither enacted, That so much of an
act entitled "An act to provide increased revenue from im-
ports to pay interest on the public debt, and for othei pur-
poses," appiaved An«u<t 5,1861, as imposes a diieci tax ot
$20,000,000 on the United Statu*., hlutll bo held to authorize
the levy and collection of one tax to that amount; and no
other rdc shall he levied under and by viruuo theicol' until
the 1st day of Apnl, 18(55, when the same *hall be in full
force and effect.
If this exception is put in, as a matter of course
it will continue the direct tax after next year. 1
so understand the effect of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this exception is not
put in it will be continued.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not understand it so.
The act from which I have read is repealed by
the section now under consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And that wouldleavethe
original act laying; a direct tax in full force.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know about that.
Here you except from the operation of the repeal
section one hundred and nineteen, which itself
continues the direct tax. 1 will read that section
again, so that Senators can sec that if it is kept in
force it will continue the direct tax:
Sec. 119. JJtul be it fin tker enacted, That so much of an
ftet entitled "An act to piovide incien^cd revenue t*i oui im-
ports to pay interest on the public debt, and for other pm-
pOHSei," approved August 5, 1861, as impo?.es a diteet tar
of $20,000,000 on Lho United States, bho.ll be held 10 au-
thorize the levy nitd collection of one tax to that amount;
ami no oilier tax *hall he levied under and by value thoreotw
until the 1st day of April, l$f>5, when the same shall be in
full loiee ami effect.
If this one hundred and nineteenth section of
the act of 18G*2 is excepted from the repeal, the
effect wili be to continue the direct tax on the 1st
of April, 1865, and so from that time. 1 do not
know whet her that is the purpose of the commit-
tee, but that seems to me to be the legal effect of
making this exception.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The intention was to leave
that section m force. If we repeal the one hun-
dred and nineteenth section, does not the law lay-
ing a direct tax necessarily revive and go into
operation at once ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Peibaps so; but if you
keep it alive it wiil continue the direct tax next
year, and so on after that. )
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what we design, !
to keep that section alive. That section suspends !
the direct tax for the present, but after next year |
it goes into effect. j
Mr. SHERMAN, My impression is that if
we wish to lay the direct tax we had better insert '
it directly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The idea is not to med-
dle with that. By the one hundrednhd nineteenth
section of the act of 1863 we have suspended the
direct tax until the year 1865. That is thf  effect
of that scctio'n. Now if you repeal that section,
does not the law imposing the direct tax go into
effect immediately again, so that it is laid this year
and next year? If you do not repeal that section,
it stands just asit did before, suspended until the
year 1865, and then it is-to go jnto operation. We
uo^iot propose this year to act upon it in any way,
but to leave the matter as it stands, suspended
until next year.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to call the attention
of the Senate precisely to that point. The Senate
will al^b perceive that the amendment suggested
in lines thirteen and fourteen of section one .hun-
dred and seventy-three ought to be inserted in
lines five and six, because the second act repealed,
the act of December 25, 1862, is a short act and
does not contain any section one hundred and
fifteen. That is intended to be repealed by the
bill as it comes to us. No doubt there has been
a mistake in the printing of this section. The
words " except theone hundred and fifteenth sec-
tion thereof," which arc proposed to be inserted
as an amendment in lines thirteen and fourteen
of this section, should be inserted in lines five and
six. I think, however,that theone hundred and
fifteenth section of the act of 1862 should be re-
pealed ; I will read it:
"Sec. 115. Jhylbeib j nil her enacted. That the pay of the
assessors, assistant a.-^ei^ors, collector*, anddeputy col-
lectois shall be paid out of the accruing internal duties or
taxes before the Mime is paid into the Treasury, according
to  ueh regulations a^ the Commbsioucr of internal Reve-
nue,under the direction ol the .Secretary of the Treasury,
[-hall presenile; and for the purpose ot paying the Oom-
mivstoner ot Internal Revenue and clerks, procuring dies,
stamps, adhesive stamps, paper, piintmg foam and regula-
tion?, advertising, and auy other expenses of cairying this
act into effect, theMim of $500,000 be, and heiehy n, appro-
priated, oi £0 much thereoi as may be necessary."
I think wc agreed in committee that that sec-
tion should be repealed, and that another section
should take its place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance propose to insert as the last section of this
bill this provision:
Skc, —. .find be it further enacted, That the pay of the
as*es>oi«i. a^iMant a- e-,-.-ors, collector, and deputy eoi
lectors shall be paid out ot the aeeming internal duties or
taxes before the ^ajno paid into the Tmmsuiv, aecoiding
to such lemiianon'-as the (JoniinihMOnei ot liinynal Reve-
nue, uudei the dueetion o! tin- Heeietai\ of the Treasury,
shall pica ibe ; and for the ptn pose oi p,u nig (lie (Jommi--
sioner of Internal Revenue and clerks, piocumig ilie^,
stamps adhesive stamp?, paper, printing tonus and regu-
lations, ailvei tiding, and any other expends ol carrying this
act lntoefteet, the muii of $ 100,000 be, <tnd hi icby is-, appro-
priated, or«JO much thereoi a-, may be neeessaiy.
The new act which wc propose begins its oper-
ations next July, at the end of this fiscal year.
Up to the end of this year, the matteis must pio-
ceed as they are nmv. There is about one bun-
dled thousand doliais left of the appropriation
made by the one hundred and fifteenth section of
the act of 1862,and we thought it best to leave it
still in order to finish out this year,and therefore
not to include that, "section in the repealing clause.
The new provi&iun only commences after the
close of this fucal year. I am told by the Com-
missioner that theie is about one hundied thou-
sand dollars left of that $500,000 appropriation,
and some portion of it at least, how much we do
not know, will be necessary in order to meet the
expenses under the existing law. I do not know
but that the Senator from Ohio is right as to the
place where the exception should be put in. On
consideration I think the Senator is right in that
icspect, and theiefoie I move to put in the words
"one hundred and fifteenth and" befoie "one
hundred and nineteenth " in the fifth line, so uh to
except from the repeal theone hundred and fif-
teenth and one hundred and nineteenth sections
tff the act of J8G2.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then in the thirteenth and
fourteenth lines the word^* except the one hun-
dred and fifteenth section thereof" should be
stiicken out:.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the committee is to insert those words,
and the Chair will put that question.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in section one bun-
dled and seventy-three, line twenty-four, to strike
out "second" where it occurs the second time
and insert " section."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That clerical
mistake will be coirected.
The next amendment was in line thirty of sec-
tion one hundred and seventy-three, after the word
" repealed" to insert:
And that an act entitled e< An act to increase the internal
revenue, and for other puiposes," approved March 7, 1664,
and all acts and parts of acts inconsistent herewith, bo also
repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-five of
sectionone hundred and seventy-three,to strikeout
after " taxes" the word " already,"and to insert
".properly;" after " assessed" to insert " under
the provisions of former acts, "and in line thirty-
seven, after the word " forfeitures" to strike out
"already accrued" and to insert " incuired under
and by virtue thereof;" so as to read:
Provided, That all the provisions of said acts shall be in
force for levying and collecting all taxes properly a^essed
under the provisions of formei acts, and ot maintaining and
continuing lien--, fines, penalties., and forfeitures mcuued
under and b> virtue thereof, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. In lino thirty-six, I think •
the amendment there ought to be amended by in-
serting the words "or a'ccruing," so as to read:
That all the provisions of said acts shall he m force for
levying and collecting all taxes propelly assessed or aceiu-
ing undor the provisions, &e.
That would cover the case of the income tax
not yet assessed, but accruing, where the person
is absent; and so of licenses. 1 move this amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am obliged to the Sen-
ator from Ohio for his suggestion. What we
want to cover is to keep those provisions in force
to inchulc all the taxes already assessed or that
must be assessed under them, that do not come
under this act. If that is broad enough to cover
it, very well.
Mr. SHERMAN* 1 am a little afraid yet that
the language is not broad enough, but we can
keep it under advisement.
Mr. CLARK. I have provisions already drawn
to come in at some other place to cover what the
Senator from Maine suggests.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a very important mat-
ter; we may repeal the old laws before we get
this into operation.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I shall be glad to hear
any suggestion that occurs to any Senator aboutit.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in line forty of sec-
tion one hundred and seventy-three, after the
word " commenced " to strike out "in enforcing"
and to insert " or that may be commenced to en-
force."
The amendment was agreed to.
Thencxtamendment was in I.meforty-eightafter
"appointment "to strike out "and; "after44 bonds"
to strike out "or" and insert "and;" and after
"office" in lino forty-nine to stiike out "and
provided, also,"and insert " sectionone hundred
and seventy-four, and be ltfuithm* enacted," so
as to convert the proviso into a new section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of gentlemen to section one hundred and
seventy-three, as I should really like to have
their opinion upon it. We were under the im-
pression that there might be considerable danger
in it; inasmuch as we repeal the forffieract under
which these officers were appointed, and under
which their bonds were given with suictiuu, and
pass a new act containing other provisions, wc
doubted whether unless (hey executed new bonds
their sureties will be holden. Here isu provis-
ion that -the office shall not be vacated, but the
officers shall continue to hold the office without
reappointment. It would be'a matter of very
greatinconvemcnce unquestionably to require re-
appointments, and if that is the law a time must
elapse when they wili not be under bond, between
the passage of the actand the giving of new bonds.
If that is unnecessary it would be very much bet-
ter to strike out all after the word " rouppoint-
ment"in line forty-eight; but if there is any doubt
about it, in order to meet the difficulty, or lather
to lessen the inconvenience in some measure, [
have an amendment to be added at the end of the
section. The question is, whether (these office*s
having been appointed, and having given bonds
under the former law, we now repealing that law,
but passing another on the same subject-matter,
and providing that they sluill continue to hold
their offices,) their sureties or they themselves
will be holden under the bonds formerly given. I
