1548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
government is sovereign and supreme as to alt
matters as to which authority is not granted by
the Constitution to ibe Federal Government or
prohibited tothe States. The Constitution of the
United States and *the laws made in pursuance
thereof are the supreme law of the land and must
be obeyed, notwithstanding any State law or con-
stitution to the contrary. This ia the letter of'
the Constitution, and this I understand to be the
teaching of the founders of the Government.
The Federal Government has the right, and it is
the sworn duty of those intrusted with' its ad-
ministration, to enforce the Constitution and laws,
to suppress resistance and compel obedience to
them within the entire territory of the United
States, If ten men combine to resist and endeav-
or to set their authority at defiance, it is the
right and duty of the Federal Government, under
and in accordance with the Constitution, to sup-
press the resistance of these ten men,compel them
to obey, and punish them for their disobedience;
and it has authority to uscall the force necessary
to efFcct this object. So, if a million or any other
number of the citizens of one or of several States
combine and resist and seek to overthrow the
authority of the Constitution and laws of the
United States, the Federal Government has the
right and it is the duty of those exercising its
authority to employ the requisite force to sup-
prem the rebellion and enforce obedience. The
State authorities, or the people of a State act-
ing by or through the State government, can-
not by State constitution or law shield one citizen
ofthe State in setting the United States Constitu-
tion and laws at defiance, or screen him from
punishment 'for disobeying them; nor can they
justify the entire people of the Stale in disobeying
or resisting the authority and jurisdiction of the
Federal Government or in rebellion against it,
because the Constitution of the United States and
the laws made in pursuance thereof arc the su-
preme law of the land, and every person within
the United States is b6und to submit to and obey
them.
As to all matters of government, all local mat-
ters, over which jurisdiction and authority are not
granted by the Constitution to the Federal Gov-
ernment, the people of the States and the State
governments they form are supreme; the Federal
Govornmcntcannot rightfully interfere with these,
because "the poweia notdologntedto the United
States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by u to
the States,are reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people." That is my understanding of the
Constitution; and as to the rightful authority ofthe
Federal Government and ihoseadministermg it to
suppress rebellion against its authority, to use the
power of armies und navies to defend and main-
tain its jurisdiction, I atate this my conviction
respectfully toward thoac who may differ from
me, but earnestly deepened and strengthened as
it is by all the reflections 1 have been able to be-
stow upon a question of so much importance un-
der the circumstances in which the country has
been, for the last few years, placcd.
It is often said in reference to the question of
using armed force to suppress the rebellion,
"You have no right to coerce States.'* Why,sir,
•thf United States has nothing to do with coercing
States. It deals with individuals who resist the
Constitution and laws. It commands them to
submit to the law; if they refuse, it enforces
obedience and punishes them for disobedience. In
domg this,  ayr in using aimed force to sup-
press those in rebellion against its authority, it
does not intrench upon the rightful jurisdiction or
leseived rightsof the States. In doing this we are
dealing with individuals who owe obedience to
the Federal Government and its laws.
I have said thus much to show how widely I
differ from those who have doubts as io the au-
thority of the Government of the United States
to defend itself arid maintain the authority of the
Constitution, and thus preserve the Union by em-
ploying the necessary armed power to suppress
the existing rebellion; and I will add that 1 re-
gard itto be my duty to sustain those in authority
in all needful constitutional measures to bring
tliose in rebellion to obedience.
It is often said, and in my judgment it ia true,
that the policy of the Administration, as to the
mass of the people in rebellion, and in carrying
on the war, is not the true one to speedily sup-
press the rebellion and to defend and restoie the
Union. Many of the purposes sought to be ef-
fected by the party in power in waging the war
I entirely disapprove of. I differ from the Ad-
ministration as to many of its measures, and very
much of its policy; nevertheless I donotmean to
be placed in an attitude of hostility to the Gov-
ernment of my country. For the present the ad-
ministration of the Government has been, in ac-
cordance with the Constitution, intrusted to the
party in power. The President and his chosen
advisers can alone now wield its powers, and they
and the political party which sustains them decide
as to policy and measures. Under these circum-
stances 1 deem it to be my duty, as a citizen and
as a Representative, to give to them the necessary
men and means to defend and maintain the au-
thority of the Constitution and to put down the
rebellion, holding them responsible and account-
able to the people for the use they make of them.
If I believe their policy or measures wrong, I
have the right to remonstrate against them, to
point out wherein they are erroneous or unau-
thorized, to advocate a different policy or differ-
ent measures; and I trust I will never be intimi-
dated from doing so in a proper spirit, and on all
fitting occasions, by any denunciation of my acts
or imputations upon my motives. If I am, I do
not deserve the liLerty oui institutions were in-
tended to secure to our citizens, and am not worthy
of a seat here as a Representative.
The remedy under our form of Government for
the misconduct of those administering H, is by an
appeal to the electors, who can displace them
and indicate the policy they prefer and will have
pursued. The remedy, if their policy be wrong,
is not in withholding from those intrusted with
the administration the necessary means to carry
on the Government; isnotirt afuetiousopposition
or illegal resistance to them; but the remedy is
to displace them at the elections. In answer to
the argument that we have r.o right to carry on
this war to put down the rebellion and maintain
the Union, my platform may be stated in few
words. I with every other citizen have a right
to sny the Government founded upon the union
of the States under the Constitution is my Gov-
ernment; its preservation and perpetuation is
essential to my liberty, peace, and prosperity,
and to that of my descendants; therefore I have
a right and it ia my duty to defend it against
those who seek to destroy it, whether they come
from abroad or arise in our midst. When a
portion of our own people array themselves in
arms, resist the rightful authority ofthe consti-
tuted authorities of the Federal Government, and
declare that the Union under the Constitution is
to be severed, deeply as I regret the necessity,
nevertheless 1 will stand with those who are in
favor of compelling submission by the use of all
the armed force which is required to suppress
resistance, and to restore the authority of the
Constitution and the laws made m pursuance
of it.
Mr. Speaker, entertaining these views, I regard
it proper to make a few observations in reference
to remarks made this morning by one of my col-
leagues from INew York, [Mr.Fernando Wood,]
who expressed views different from those which
1 have just expressed, i make no complaint that
he holds the opinions which he has expressed in
reference to this rebellion; but I have a light to
point out errors he has fallen into as to others.
He said there is no such thing as a war Dem-
ocrat; that this was a contradiction in terms. If,
as I understand him, he means by this those of
the Democratic party who hold that it is the right
of the Government of the United States to sup-
press by force of arms those who are now in
armed rebellion against its authority, with the
avowed purpose of establishing an independent
confederacy in the southern States, and who hold-
that the Federal Government has by and under
the Constitution authority to employ the neces-
sary aimed force to compel Uiose in rebellion to
submit to the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and that those administering the Govern-
ment should be sustained in all proper constitu-
tional measures and efforts to effect this object,
then I certainly am a war Democrat, and i believe
the gieat mgss of the Democratic pany are war
Democrats,
In the State of New York that party, by each
of its State conventions held since the rebellion
broke out, has in its declaration of principles de-
nounced secession, declared its unalterable attach-
ment to the Union under the Constitution, and
that it would sustain those in authority in all con-
stitutional efforts to suppress the rebellion and
restore and preserve the Union. I do not assume
on this floor or elsewhere to speak for that party.
It is a. bold and patriotic party, and always at the
proper time and by its Representatives selected
for that purpose declares its principles and indi-
cates the policy which it advocates, and which if
in power it would pursue. I have simply stated
my own views and the position occupied by that
party in the State of New York. That party has,
I believe, contributed its full quota to the Army
which lias been summoned to the field, and its
members have not been outdone by others in pri-
vate or public efforts to encourage the soldier bv
providing for his family and alleviating the hard-
ships which he endures. The members of that
party as a whole are, as I believe, earnestly and
determinedly in favor of preservingthe Union of
these States under the Constitution. To that end
and for that purpose they are in favor of employ-
ing the necessary force to overthrow the military
power of the so-called confederate States, and to
compel the people to submit to the Constitution
and laws. So far as it is necessary, they are in
favor of using force to restore and preserve the
Union; but they believe that wisdom, statesman-
ship, and the best interests of our country re-
quire that moderation and conciliation should be
superadded to the power of the sword to restore
the country to unity and peace.
Thegentleman from New York [Mr.Fernando
Wood] says he is for peace. I desire peace.
When we look around and see mourning in every
neighborhood, and sorrow and anxiety produced
by this unnatural war at almost every fireside,
who does not wish for pcace? But, in my judg-
ment, it is idle to talk of peace with the Union
preserved until we have defeated the armies mar-
shaled to destroy it. It is useless to talk of sending
commissioners to treat with the rebel authorities
now, because they have declared over and over
again that they will not negotiate except upon the
basis of separation,oQidissolution of the Union.
Peace upon such a basis would be of short dura-
tion, while it would be purchased by the destruc-
tion of the present Government. Makfng such
a peace, where is to be the division line ? How
many of the States, after such a peace, will re-
main united under the Constitution, and how
long? No; we must break the military power of
those engaged in this rebellion before we can have
any peace, except as a condition of separation.
Are we prepared for that? For one, terrible as
is this war, lamentable as are its consequences,
1 am not. In my judgment, the evils which will
flow from the dissolution of the Union require
that we should make every effort to restore and
preserve it. Hence, in sorrow rather than in pas-
sion, 1 feel that we cannot desist now from the
further prosecution of this war. It should not
be prosecuted for the purpose of carrying out any
peculiar idea, or to compel the people of the South
to regulate their local institutions or conform
their State constitutions to the ideas of the people
of the northern States, it should be prosecuted
solely for the purpose of vindicating the author-
ity of the Constitution, reestablishing the juris-
diction of the Federal Government, and restor-
ing the Union of States under the Constitution;
and when this is accomplished there should be
peace. This is my opinion. I do not speak for
others; butl believe it is substantially the opinion
of the mass of the thoughtful, patriotic, and con-
servative citizens of the country.
Sir, I ask pardon of the House for occupying
this much of its time in alluding to these ques-
tions. But I deemed it notimproper to do so, in-
asmuch as I differ so widely from the views of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Long] whose opin-
ions are under consideration; but, nevertheless,
shall vote against the resolution to expel him.
I trust that no member will be awed by the man-
ifestations which we have seen and heard in the
galleries from maintaining the great principle of
free speech and fearless debate in this Hall. Our
form of government, the rights of the people,
ar^d the character of this body demand that the
Representative should be at liberty to proclaim
and advocate here his views on questions of a
public character freely and fearlessly, whether
they chance to be popular or unpopular. I have
