1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM
should really like to have the opinion of gentle-
men learned in the law on thatsubjept. We had
not time to examine the authoiities on the sub-
ject; but the Commissioner stated that there had
been some decisions to the effect that, if new laws
were passed on the same subject, imposing- addi-
tional obligations, the bonds w.ould still hold; but
here is a case where the old law is entirely re-
pealed and r new one substituted, and wc continue
the same officers. We shpuld be very glad to get
rid of the difficulty. ♦
Mr. JOHNSON. The provision for the exe-'
cution of new bonds is not a provision suggested
by the Senate committee, but, as I understand it,
is in the original bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is in the bill, and we
merely propose to alter the phraseology.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not prepared to speak
positively, bat according to my recollection the
courts have decided that the repeal of a law creating
an office under which the officer is required to give
bonjl, extinguishes the liability; but I should not
understand this as a case of repeal in that sefise.
• The repeal that puts an end to the obligation of
the office is a repeal winch puts the officer out of
office.
Mr. COLLAMER. The fear is here, that iif*
asmuch as the bill undertakes to say that the old
act is repealed, the result may follow which is ap-
prehended. If the office is continued, the bond
is continued of course; but the question is, can
the office be continued without reappointment?
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that; but I was
about to assume that that could be done; we will
• examine that in a moment. Assuming that that
couid be done, certainly the obligation of the of-fj^
ficer and of his bond would remain; but if that
could not be -done, and the law is to be consideied
as a law repealing altogether the original law
under which the appointment was made, the bond
# would fall with it.
The honorable chairman mentioned the ques-
tion to me a few moments ago, and upon think-
ing of it I thought all difficulty might be avoided
perhaps by making the repeal not an absolute one
but a conditional one; and with that view 1
thought of proposing to insert after the woid " re-
pealed," in the thirtieth line of the section, the
words "and shall have no operation except as is
provided for in thefollowing part of thissection."
That, I think, would keep the responsibility of
the bond; otherwise it may be necessary peihaps
to require new bonds to be executed.
Mr. COLLAMER. As the chairman of the
committee has asked for the opinion of Senators
on this point, I will say that I think thequestion
resolves itself into this: the responsibility of the
bond can be preserved if the office can be. If the
office is'supcrseded by the repeal of the law, your
mere paying that it is continued does not continue
it. IF the law creating the office is repealed,
though you may have the same officer, he, must
be appointed again. Everything depends upon
7 the manner of the repeal. If you absolutely re-
peal the present law, you cannot continue under
"this law the officers appointed under that without
a reappointment, and then the bond would be dis-
charged; but if you only repeal it qualifiedly, if
you express the repeal in such a way that that
law shall be and remain in force except in so
far as it is altered, amended, or changed by the
present law, then the officer will continueand the
bond will continue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the object can
also be accomplished by a suggestion which has
been made to me by my friend from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Clark.] The proviso now reads:
That all the provisions of said acts shall be in force for
levying and collecting all taxes ptopeily assessed oracetu-
xng under the provision of foimcr act*, and of maintaining
and continuing liens* fines, penalties, and forfeituies in-
clined umiei and by vntue thereof, and lor eairying out
and completing all pi oceedmg-j which have heen aheady
commenced or that may be "commenced to enforce such
fines, penalties, and foifeituies.
My friend from New Hampshire suggests that
we insert there, "and also for continuing the offi-
ceis heretofore appointed," and so on.
Several Senators. Let us settle that in the
morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we had better
pass over the iemainin  portion of the section
and fix it more at our leisure. It will need a lit-
tle more careful looking at than we can give it
here huniedly in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This section
will be .passed over for the present. It will be
considered that amendm'eQts to the section "are
still open.
The next amendment-was to strike out section
one hundred and seventy-four of the bill, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 174. JlfiA be it further cnactcd, That on all sales of
ice there shall be paid five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why not tax ice?
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have the subject yet
under consideration. The difficulty is how to tax
it. If you tax ail sales of ice you will do wiiat
you do not do in any other case—tax sales. If
you undertake to tax every pound sold by A to
B and B to C by the pound,it cannot be followed
in that way. It must be taxed in the ice-houses
or places of deposit by the ton in order to get
at it.
Mr. SHERMAN. And it should only be taxed
when removed for consumption or sate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When removed for con-
sumption and sale we must provide for keeping
an account and bringing itundera former section.
The subject is yet under consideration. As it
stands in this section it cannot be executed with-
out doing violence to the whole principle of the
bill.
The amendjnent was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
one hundred and seventy-six, as ftjlows:
Set.. 17&   5mZ be it further enacted, That the tax levied
insertion ninety-three shall not he held to applyio vessels
propelled exclusively by bails.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
one hundred and seventy-eight, as follows:
Stc. 178. Jind be it farther enacted, That all spirits of
domestic pi eduction, ami held lor sale on the 1st day ot
May, 18G4, and upon which no tax shall have been paid,
shall bti -subject t<> a duly of fifty cents per gallon,'"and all
such spurts on hand foi Kile upon winch a pnor duty shall
have been paid shall be subject to a duty of tiiitty cents per
gallon : Provided, That bona fide retail dealer^ in spirits,
duly licensed, shall not be taxed on their stock on hand
whose quantity on hand does not exceed two hands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Letthatsection be passed
over. We cannot possibly consider it to-night.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let the section be con-
sidered as stuckeu out and bring it up in the
Senate. *
Mt'. SHERMAN. 1 think we had better take
that up in the morning.
Mr. CLARK. Pass it now, and when we
have read the bill thiough return to it. That will
leave it as unfinished business for the morning.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is not worth while to(
take two votes on it.
Mr. CLARK. We do not take any vote on it
now.
Mr. FESSENDEN*! I suppose that one vote
after discussion will settle the matter one way or
the other. It makes no difference to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. Pass it over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ry common
consent section one hundred and seventy-eight
will be passed over and the question not taken on
styking it out.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section the following:
Slc. —. And he it further enacted, That every collector
to whom any duty upon cotton shall be paid shall maik the
hales or othw packages upon winch the duty shall have
been paid in sucji manner a<? may elcarly indicate the
payment iheieof,and shall give to the owner,or other per-
son having clnuge of buch cotton, a peimit for the removal
of the same, stating theiein the amount and payment ot
the duty, the time and place of payment, the weight and
maiks upon the bales and packager*, so that the same may
he fully identified. Whenever uny cotton, the product of
the United States, shall ariive at an> port of the United
States from any State m iimutection against the Govern-
ment, the asMh&or or assistant a^e^or shall immediately
asses- the taxes due theieon, and thall, without delay, re-
turn the s.ame to the collector or deputy collector of said
di^tiict, and the said colleetoi or deputy colh etoi shall de-
mand of the owner, or other person having chaige of such
cotton, the tax imposed by this act, and a^esscd thereon,
unlo-s evidence of ptevious payment of such tax shall he
produced, uudei such regulations as the Commissioner of 1
Internal Revenue, by the direction of the Secretary ot the
Treasuiy, shd'l tiom time to tune piescribe ; and m ease ;
the tax so a«^cssed shall not be paid to such collcctoi
within ten days after demand, the collector or deputy col-
lector, as aloiesaid, shall institute proceedings (or the re-
covery of the tax, as hereinbefore piovided, which said tax
shall bo" a hen upon said cotton from the tune when &aid
assessment shall be made: Provided, That all cotton sold
by or on account of the Government of the United States
shall be hue and exempt from duty at the tune, of and atier
the hale'theieof, and the same shall be iniuked fiee, utul
the purchaser furnished with sucU-fitbiJ] of sale as ^haW
clearly and accurately describe ihe,satne, whictt shaft,be
deemed and taken to be a permit! authorizing: ti e sate or
removal thereof. * ' ' - --
The amendment was agreed to. , 2 "
Mr, SPRAGUE. I ask the indulgence^ tjie
Senate to offer several amendments .to the. Ml,'
whieli I desire may be printed.' .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-,
ments will be rec«ifed and ordered to bepriiited,
if there be no objetion.
The next amendment was to add the following
as an additional section:
Sec.—. Jhvl be it further enacted, That consuls offor*
pigu countrlQs in the United States, who are not citizens
thereof, shall be, and hereby nre, exempt froth nny iuc,ome
tax imposed by the act referred to in the first section of this
act, which may be derived from their official emoluments,
or from property in such countries: Prodded, Tljjitthe
Governments which such consuls may represent, shall ex-
tend similar exemmion to consuls of the United States,
.Mr. FESSENDEN,. There is an error in„the
drawing of thatsection. The words in thefomth
line, "imposed by#ie act referred to'y^ the first
section of this net," should read "imposed by
this act." I move to strike out the words *«-the
act referred to iit the first section of."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed CO-.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing as a new section:
Sec. — Jhxd he it further enacted, That, where it is not
otherwise provided'/or in this act, it shall be the duty or
the collectors, in their respective districts, and they arc
hereby authorised, to prosecute for the recovery pf 'any
sum or sums that may be forfeited by virtue of this act;
and all fines, penalties, and forfeitures which may be im-
posed or inclined by virtue of this act shall ami may be
sued for and lecovered, where not otherwise herein pi o-
vided, in the name of the United States, or* fthe collector
within whose di.-Uict any such fine,'forfeiture, or penalty
shall have been incurred in uny proper fonn of action, or
by any appiopriate foun of proceeding, before any circuit
or district court of the United States lor the district with-
in which said fine, penalry, or forfehuie may have been
incurred, or before any court of competent juiisdtctlmi;
and, where not otherwise herein provided for, one moiety
shall be to the use of the person who, if a collector or
deputy collector, shall fim inform of the cause, matter, or
thing "whereby any such fine, penalty, or forfeiture shaii
have been incuired, and the other moiety to the use of the
United States." And the several circuit and district courts
of the United States vhail have juusdiction of all oliensea
against any of ilie provisions of this act committed within
their several districts.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add thefollowing
as a ntjw section:
Sec. —. Jlnd he it further enacted, That if any person
liable and required to pay a tax upon any article, goods,
wares, mei chandiM), or manufactures, as heroin provided,
shall sell, or cause or allow the same to be sold, before the
tax to which such article, goods, wares, merchandise, or
manufacture is legally liable is paid, wuh intent to avoid
^ueh tax, or in fraud of the revenue herein provided, any
debt contracted in the s,ale of such a  tide, goods, wares,
merchandise, or manufactures, oi any security given there-
for, unless the &ame hhall have been honufide transferred
to the hands of an innocent holder, shall be entirely void,
and the collection thereof shall not be enforced m any
,eouit. And if any suehariicie,goods, wares, merchandise,
oi manufacture has been paid for in whole or in pan, the
sum so paid shall be deemed forfeited ; and any periffni who
will sue for the same in an action of debt shall recover of
the seiJei the amount so paid, one half to his ovvu use and
the other half to the use of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment will he read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is to be the final
section of the bill. I think that may as well be
omitted, as that matter is yet under consideration
by the committee. Do n t read the final section
yet.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The last sec-
tion will be passed over, then, without being acted
upon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have passed over
several sections which will occasion .some debate,
and especially the one in regard to liquors on hand
and the one with reference to banks. We can
take one of ithose up in the morning.
Mr. CLARK. Take up one now, so as to have
it the pending question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The whole bill will be a
special older at any late. We have not got
through with iWe can make our choiccin the
morning.
Mr. POWELL. If it i<f in order, I have an
amendment that I desire to plfer as an additional'
section to the bill.
