1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
telegraph communication between the Atlantic
and Pacific<States and the Territory of Idaho;
An act (S. No. 315) in relation to the sale of
reservations of the public lands;
An act (8. No. 325) to repeal the act of the 17th
of June, 1864, prohibiting the sales of gold and
foreign exchange;
An act (S. No. 328) for the relief of Major N.
S. Brenton, a paymaster in the United States
Army;
A joint resolution £S. No. 67) for the relief of
Thomas J. Galbraith;
A joint resolution (S. No. 74) requesting the
President to appoint a day for national humilia-
tion and prayer;
A joint resolution (S. No. 43) authorizing the
settlement of the accounts of the late Captain*
Daniel Heburd, of the United States volunteers;
A joint resolution (S.No. 58) in relation to the
professors of the Military Academy at West
Point; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 77) explanatory of
an act entitled "An act to increase the pay of sol-
diers in the United States Army, and for other
purposes," approved June 20, 1864.
PENSION LA"\VS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the action of
the House of Representatives on the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 406) supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to grant pen-
sions, " approved July 14, 1862; and
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist on its amendments to
said bill, ditxigr eed lo by lIkj llou&e of Representative, and
acive to the contcienee ;wked by the Ilou.se of lt^pieacnt-
ative* thereon.
Ordered, That tin* confeiees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the President j>ro tonpoic.
The PRESIDENT pro lempoie appointed Mr.
Foot, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Van Wixklk.
COURTS IN NORTHERN NEW YORK.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to take up House bill
No. 32, to regulate the sessions of the circuit, and
district courts for the northern district of New
York, and for other purposes.
The motion wasagieed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee ofthe Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides that hereafter the district
court ofthe United States for the noi thern district
of New York shall be held at the folio wing times
and places: at the city of Albany on the third
Tuesday of January; at the city of Utica on the
third Tuesday in March; at the city of Rochester
on the second Tuesday m May; at the city of
Buffalo on the thud Tuesday in August; at the
city of Auburn on the third Tuesday in Novem-
ber; and, in the discretion of the pidge, one term
annually at such time and in such place within
the counties of Saint Lawrence, Clinton, Jeffer-
son, Oswego, or Fiunklm, as he shall fiom lime
to time appoint, by a notice of at least twenty
days, to be published in the State paper of the
State of New York, and also in one newspaper
published at the place where the court is to be
held, which term shall be held only for the trial
of issues of fact arising within the counties named.
The judge may hold special terms at the places
specified or at any other places m the dismct, in
addition to the regular terms, when he shall deem
it necessary. Hereafter the circuit eouit of the
United States for the northern district of New
Yoik is to be held at the times and places follow-
ing: at the village of Canandaigua on the third
Tuesday in June; at the eity of Albany on the
second Tuesday in October; and the term ap-
pointed to be held at Albany in October shall, when
it is adjourned, be adjourned to meet in Albany
the third Tuesday of January, and at theadjourn-
nient of the adjourned term shall be further ad-
journed to meet at the city of Utica on the third
Tuesday oflMarch. These adjourned terms are
to be held foi the transaction of civil business
only, and no jury is to be drawn for service therein
exclusively, but the jury drawn to serve in the
district court at the same time and place with the
adjourned terms of the circuit court, is to be used
for the trial of issues of fact arising in civil causes
in the circuit court.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed to
amend the bill by striking out the fourth section,
which is as follows:
Sec. 4. Jlnd be itfinther enacted, That in place and in
lieu of the salary now paid to the judge of the district couit
of the United States for the northern district of New York,
there shall be allowed and paid quarterly to said judge, oat
of the Tieu&iyy of the United States, the sum of §3,500 per
year.
Mr. HARRIS. I am quite aware that I have
fallen upon a very unpropiuous tijne to have this
bill considered. It has not been my fault, how-
ever, that it has not been called to the considera-
tion of the Senate before. I have been struggling
all day, and indeed for a week, to get this bill be-
fore the attention of the Senate.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL'S STASF.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from New
York to allow me to take up a joint resolution
from the House of Representatives in regard to
General Grant's staff. It will take but a moment.
If the Senator will ailow me to report it from the
Committee on Military Affairs and put it on its
passage, I shall be much obliged.
There being no objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution (IT. R. No. 119) explanatory of
a joint resolution iclative to pay of staff officers
of the Lieutenant General.
It provides that the joint resolution "relative
to the pay of staff officers of the Lieutenant Gen-
eral," approved May 20, 1864, shall be so con-
strued as to entitle all the staff officers on the staff
of the LieutenantGeneral to receive the pay,emol-
uments, and allowances of cavalry offioers of the
same grade.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
COURTS IN NORTHERN NEW YORK.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (H.
R. No. 32) to icgulute the serums of the circuit
and district courts for the northern d istnct of New
York, and for other purposes, is before the Senate
as in Committee ofthe Whole.
Mr. HARRIS. The fourth section of this bill
provides for increasing the salary of the judge of
the northern district of New Yoik. Thatsalary
now is $2,750. The fourth scction of the bill
proposes to increase it to $3,500, to add to his
salary §750; buta majority of the Judiciary Com-
mittee have reported against that inciease. I de-
sire that the Senate should die-agree to that amend-
ment; and although 1 bring the subject to the
attention of the Senate under very unpropitious
circumstances, I believe that if 1 can have the at-
tention of the Senate for a few moments, I can
satisfy them that this section ought to pass.
The northern district of New York contains a
population according to the census of 'I860 of
2,461,000 inhabitants, more than the State ofOhio,
and yet that State has two districts with two judges
who receive $5,000 salaiv together, $2,500 each.
The noitheru district of New Yoik has a popula-
tion larger than the entire population of the State
of Illinois and the State of Michigan put together;
and yet Illinois has two districts, the judges of
which receive salaiies amounting to $6,000, and
Michigan has two districts and two judges who
receive salaries of $6,000 more. Illinois and Mich-
igan together receive salaries for their judges of
#12,000, while the noi thern district of New York
wnh a population largei than those two States
receives only $2,750. The State of Missouri, with
a population less than half that of the northern
districtof New Yoik, has two districts, the judges
of which receive salaries to the amountof $5,500.
Under these circumstances it seems to me that
the more statement of the case shows that we are
entitled to have this salary increased. There are
m the northern district of New York twenty-five
judges of the supreme couit of the State, each of
whom receives $3,500; amfcyetthe United States
distnct judge of that district is receiving only
$2,750. If I knew of any way m which this sal-
ary could be charged upon the State, I would not
bring it here; but with the amount of business
that is being transacted in that northern district
of New Yoik, $2,750 js notat all adequate. The
salary ought to be increased. We are fan 1 y en-
titled to it.
Mr. WADE. Where does the district run ? ,
Mr. HARRIS. It runs from Pennsylvania I
aiound to Vermont, with a frontier of nearly five
hundred rmies, including Buffalo, Rochester, Os-
wego, and all that northern frontier. The salary
that we ask for the judge of that district is no
more than the salary of the judge at Chicago, in
the northern district of Illinois; precisely the
same. If, under the circumstances, this decision
ofthe Judiciary Committee cannot be reversed,
I have nothing further to say. i submit ft tothe
Senate upon just this state of facts.
Mr. SHERMAN. This raises a very embar-
rassing question. The judge of the southern dis-
trict of Ohio has applied for an increase of his
salary, which is but $2,500. He is an eminent
and very able man, and although his district may
not be so large and populous as the northern dis-
trict of New York, he lives in a city containing
one hundred and sixty thousand inhabitants,
where there is an expensive mode of living, and
probably his labors are as great and arduous as
those of the judge of the northern district of New
York. So with the judge of the northern district
of Ohio. I think it would be very irksome and
unpleasant indeed to raise this salary without in-
creasing the others. I prefer myself to have the
matter go over until there can be a general revis-
ion of these salaries.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to state one further
fact to show the character and amountof business
of this district. At a recent term held m the city
of Rochester there were in attendance six hun-
dred witnesses; the grand jury found neaily one
hundred and fifty indictments; and thcamouut of
fines received by the district attorney was nearly
twelve thousand dollars, showiogthat really that
district was doing pretty well in the way of col-
lecting fines. There were six hundred witnesses
in attendance at a single term of the court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am really sorry that
they commit so many offenses in western New
York that we have to resort, as a means of rais-
ing revenue, to fining the good people m that sec-
tion of out Union; but if they aie really guilty
1 suppose it is proper they should be punished.
But in the Judiciary Committee we have acted
upon a principle in regard to these ?alar ies. There
is scarcely a district judge in the United States
►court in the Union that has not applied for an in-
crease of salary. Many of them have shown by
their statements, which I have no doubt aie *ti ici-
ly true, that the salaries they receive are inade-
quate to support them; and really 1 am not able
to meet the argument that is made m favor of the
increase of their salaries. 1 think the .snlar n s of
the United States judges ought to be increased,
or at least a great many of them. The ca«r of
Judge Shipman of Connecticut is a peculiar one:
he holds courts in New York city; and tlieie are
several other cases that have been brought iniho
notice of the committee where we thought the
salaries were too low. But if wecomrnence iais-
ing the salaries we shall have to levise the sala-
ries of all the judges; and we thought tiuu in this
time of sacrifice, m this time of war, when m<-n
are not only giving up their property but their lives
for the maintenance ofconstitutional liberty and of
the Government, even the judges of the com ts must
make some sacrifices also, and that it would not do
to go into this system of raising salaries. The com-
mittee acted upon that principle. I cannot meet
the argument of the Senator from New York and
say that Judge Flail's salary ought not to be more.
I should be glad to vote to make itmore; but if I
wei e to cast that vote 1 could not leaist voting to
raise the salaries of numerous other judges. So
that on the whole the committee reluctantly camo
to the conclusion that it would not be best to
touch the salaries of these officers at the present
session of Congress. I hope the time will soon
come when the currency m which judges and
other officers are paid will be better, and when
the country will be m a better condition to raise
the salaries to what they ought to be to com-
mand the talent which is requisite and which we
ought to have to fill these high judicial stations.
These are in short the reasons why the com-
mittee came to the conclusion that we ought to
strike out the provision in this bill which raises
the salary of Judge Hall. If this were the only
case, if il did not establish a principle, perhaps
the Senate would agree to raise this salary; but
as this case is not peculiar, as it is that of hun-
dreds of other officers m the land, we think it
best to leav* them all as they are atpiesent.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise merely for the pur-
pose of saying what is perhaps not as yet known
to the Senate, that the Judiciary Committee were
not unanimous, and that the want of unanimity
did not consist m the mere fact that the honorable
