1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
508
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. My respect for
the gentleman's opinion as a lawyer moves me
to ask him to indulge me in putting: to him a sin-
gle question on which I wish to have his opinion.
Mr. KERNAN. 1 will hear the gentleman's
question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Does the gentle-
man suppose that the prohibition m the Constitu-
tion applies to personal property as well as to real
estate?
Mr. KERNAN. Well, sir, I myself would
so suppose on reading the Constitution, and 1
cannot see why it ou^ht not to be so. And yet, al-
though I have thought on that subject, tin; gentle-
man from Maryland will pardon me for not wish-
ing to discuss it now, because " suflicientunto the
day is the ovi( theieof.,> This legislation is with
reference to taking the lands of the people of the
South and confiscating them forever. It is our
power to do this which I wish now to discuss. I
tear it will be one of the most disastrous lines of
policy on which we can enter, hoping and desir-
ing as I do that we shall bring the mass of the in-
heritors of these lands and their fathers to live
wit!) us and our children in peactfin the old Union
and under a common Government.
Gentlemen see what the law in England was at
the time our Constitution was adopted. There
was no forfeiture of lands in England beyond the
life estate for treason. Gentlemen see that one
mode of forfuitingestates, by bill of attainder, was
prohibited in express language by the Constitu-
tion.
They see what evidence was required by our
Constitution for a conviction of treason; and that
it was declared that no attainder of treason (that is,
a conviction and judgment on atjial in a court)
should lake away lands beyond the hie estate.
Gentlemen see what have been the opinions of com-
mentators on the subject from that time to this. I
appeal to every lawyer here and throughout the
land whether he ever dreamed that Judije Story
was not right when he said that the intention of
the framers of the Constitution was to limit the
punishment by forfeiture for treason so that it
would not extend beyond the life estate of the
0 {fey del*.
Shall we not then adhere to this construction of
the Constitution, and legislate in accordance with
it? Let us not yield to this new interpretation,
which has been put forth elsewhere, and which
has been contended for here, and by which the
clause in question is made to mean only that the
proceeding against a party for treason or the at-
tainder of treason must be during the lifetime of
the traitor. When bills of attainder were abol-
ished I am not aware of any mode known to our
or the English law by which a dead man could be
tried or attainted for treason.
Secondly, is it true, as argued by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Spaldino] and otheis,that
although the moaning of the Constitution is what
we claim on this side of the House, which he con-
ceded, and that where a person is tried, convicted,
and sentenced, his life estate only can be for-
feited, nevertheless that his lands may be for-
feited forever by act of Congress or in some other
mode, provided we do not try or convict him at
all, piovided we take his lands by a pioceeding
wherein he has not the oppoitunity to prove he
is innocentof tieason if this be tine,and wherein
it is not required to coofiont him with " two wit-
nesses to the same overt act" to establish his
guilt? 1 submit that this position is not tenable;
regarding the act of Congress under considera-
tion as one to foifeit a man's property for treason
without trial, it is equivalent to a 44 bill of attain-
der," which is expressly prohibited by the Con-
stitution, and ik therefore a void act.
But again, the wise men who fiained the Con-
stitution, when they deckued m that instrument
that you eouhl only forfeit, a man's life estate
where you gave him a fair trial in court and con-
victed him of treason did not intend to be and
were not so caivless m leferenco to the principles
of justice and of freedom, or so inconsistent as to
give power to the majority of a legislative body,
likely to be often moved by political excitemcnt
and by puttisan feelings, to forfeit forever the
lands of a party for a political offense withouthis
having the benefit of a trial. No, sir, they were
men who knew too well the dangers of such pro-
ceedings; the history of proceedings in England
by biiis of attainder was familiar to them; they
were too loyal to liberty and those principles by
which alone free Governments are sustained and
perpetuated to be guilty of such folly.
The gentleman says that by this act of Con-
gress we are dealing with men in armed rebellion
against the Government; that we are not propos-
ing to try them for treason. What is armed rebel-
lion against the Government but treason? Can you
punish by legal proceedings armed rebellion differ-
ently by calling it by some other name than treason?
It is treason, and nothing else. Does the gentle-
man mean to contend that while wc cannot by try-
inland convicting the offender of treason in a court
of justice forfeit his land beyond his life estate
wc can under and by virtue of an act of Congress
forfeit his land forever without trial, without the
evidence required by the court to convict him,
and withouthis having an opportunity to be heard
in his defense?
But I must pass from this point. Gentlemen
say that this is a proceeding in rem, and that the
right of trial by jury is got rid of bccause it is a
trial in a courtof admiralty. I will notnrguc that
question. With gieat deference to others, I ask
any lawyer in the House where he ever heard of
a proceeding in rem in a court of admiialty agauist
real estate; where he ever heard of setting a court
in motion under our Constitution to proceed and
condemn lands bccause the owners had violated
the laws, and that, too, without their being entitled
to a trial before ajury?
It is not disputed that in cases falling withm
the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction the courts
of the United States may condemn property with-
out trial by juiy. But I am not aware that lands
can be thus adjudicated and condemned, or that
the court can, according to the Constitution, bo
vested with any such jurisdiction over real estate.
In common-law cases, as distinguished from those
of admiralty and mantime jurisdiciion, a party in
the courts of the United States is entitled to a trial
by jury. The Constitution, article three, section
two, provides that the trial of all crimes, except
in cases of impeachment, shall be by jury." Ar-
ticle seven of the Amendments declares, " in suits
at common law, whore the value in controversy
shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of tnal by
jury shall be preserved.'' Again, the Constituiion
declares, " no person shall be deprived of life, lib-
erty, or property, without due process of law."
In view of these provisions of the Constitution, I
submit to the House that so far as this law pur-
ports to authorize the courts to proceed in the
manner of courts of admiralty and adjudicate
upon, condemn, and well the lands of those chaiged
with treason, it is unconstitutional and void. I
submit to the sound judgment of every member
of the House whether title to property can, under
our Constitution and laws, be divested or con-
ferred by such proceedings.
Mr. Speaker, I pass from this question to the
proposition which was put forth with so much
boldness and ability by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stkveks.} lie insists that thelaw
under consideration has nothing to do with tiea-
son; that it is not a law to punish treason or trai-
tors; that the people within the insurrectionary
States are at war with the United States, and by
this law we are dealing with them, not as rebels
against the rightful authority of the United States,
but as " alien enemies;" that the insurgents are
not subjects ofthe United States Government, but
of foreign States at war with the United States;
that the temtory ofthe so-called confederate
States is foreign territory; that by the acts of se-
cession and war against the authoi ity of the Con-
stitution and laws of the Union they have abro-
gated them, and are to be treated, duung the war
and after resistance is suppressed, as foreign peo-
ple, and their territory as foreign territory acquired
by conquest. A nd he insists that by the law of na~
Hons we are authorized, regarding them as foreign
enemies, to confiscate their lands in fee, absolutely
and forever.
1 understand him to derive the authority to con-
fiscate the lands of those in rebellion not from the
Constitution, but ft om the law of nations. That I
may not misstate his position, I extract the follow-
ing from his remaiks as reported in the Globe:
kk Hore is no attainder for treason, here is no confiscation
of propeity under any piovision of the Constitution. Thou
ttic lawgo'es on to state howyouare to seize and condemn
piopeity". it to be at.d pioceedcd against in rem,
accoidiYig to the law for that puipn-e, and condemned. As
what5 A* thcpwp«riy of tumors ? No such thing. Con-
demned as e enemies' property.' Does not that show that
the Constitution has nothing to do with it on the question
of treason ? Here are a body of men in arms against the
United States. This act of Congress, so far as it refers to
seizures of property in fee, refers to them as seizures of tile
property of alien enemies, to be treated as such."
****** *.***
" Others hold that, having committed treason, renounce/!
their allegiance to the Union, discarded its Constitution
and Jaws, organized a distinct and hostile government, and
by force of arms having arisen ftom the condition of insur-
gents to the position of an independent Power We jacto,
and having been acknowledged as a belligerent both by for-
eign nations and our own Government, the Constitution
ami laws of the Union are abiogated so far as they are con-
cerned, and that, as between the two belligerents, they are
under the laws of war and the laws of nations alone, and
that whichever Power conqucis may treat the vanquished
as conquered provinces., and may impose upon them such
conditions and laws as it may deem best."
**********
" In order rightly to determine this question we must
inquire whether the ' confederate States' are to be consid-
ered as a hostile people, untitled to no other protection or
privileges than aie due to i'oieign nations at war with each
other. Is tho pres-ent contest to be regaided as a public war,
and to be governed by the rules of civilized warfare, or
oniy as a domestic insurrection, to be suppressed by crim-'
inal piosecuttons before the courts ofthe country? If the
Jattfn, then the insurgents when proceeded against have a
right to invoke the protection of the Constitution and mu-
nicipal laws. If the former, then they are subject to the
laws of war alone." w * * * * *
" It is not a question of vpunhhmg under ike Constitution
but outside of it. These men are enemies, and tve are treat-
i Z them as enemies; and I have no doubt that as States they
aie at war with us.v ******
" We do not so ticat them until we have conquered the
country held by the confederate States. Covered by the
confederate Hag it is foreign country. When we do"con-
quer it, it is a conquered country. Any other principle
would render all our conduct inconsistent and anomalous."
* *********
" Fiom all this the legitimate conclusion is, that all the
people and all the territory within the limits of the organ-
ised States which, by a legitimate inajoiity of their citi-
zens renounced the Constitution, took their States out of the
Union, and made war upon the Government, are,, so far as
they aie concerned, subject to the laws ofthe State ; and,
so far as the United States Government is concerned, sub-
ject to the laws ot war arid of nation?-, both while the war
continues and when it shall be ended.'* * * *
" IJy the laws of war the conqueior may seize and con-
vert to his own ihc everything that belongs to the enemy.
This may he done while the war is raging to weaken the
eucmj', and when it is ended the things seized may be re-
timed to pay the expenses of the war and the damages
cau«ed by it. Towns-, cities, and provinces may be held as
a pum-hment for an unjust war, and as security against in-
line ag^icshion". The property liiu-i taken h not confisca-
ted undei the Constitution after conviction fortreason, but
is held by virtue of the laws ot war. No individual crime
need he pioved against the owners. The fact of being a
helh^eient enemy cames the forfeiture with it. Here was
the enor ofthe Piesidcnt when he vetoed the confis-cation
bill passed by Congress. In the contusion of business he
ovetlooked the distinction between a traitor and a belliger-
ent enemy." .
In answer to these positions I submit, and I put
this to every member of the House, is not the act
under consultation a law to punish treason—
to punish men who have been or shall be engaged
in rebellion against the rightful authority of the
Government of the United States; who have in
violation of their duty and allegiance attempted
and are now endeavoring: to overthrow the Gov-
ernment of the United States, which Government
it is our right and duty to defend, and the author-
ity of the Constitution and laws of which we have
a right to compcl them to submit to? If we aban-
don this position—ifit is true, that by this act we
are legislating in reference to public enemies in
the legal sense, and not in reference to domestic
traitors—I cannot believe that any considerable
number of the members of the House would vote
for the bill. Docs one sovereign Power, while at
war with another, enact laws confiscating the lands
owned by individuals of and which lands are sit-
uate within the enemy's territory: 1 submit it \n
an unheard-of proceeding.
This law is one designed to punish treason, not
to apply to public enemies engaged in a public
war; and it must not be in violation of the pro-
visions of the Constitution of the United States.
A public war is that waged by one people by its
sovereign or Government against another which
carries it on through its sovereign or Government.
This is not such a war. The United States wage
it to suppress armed resistance by individuals
owing obedience to its laws; to retain its rightful
jurisdiction and authority over a portion of its ter-
ritory. We are not waging war against a foreign
nation to redress a wrong or to vindicate a right,
but we are employing armed force to suppress
rebellion within our own territory against the au~
thority of our Constitution and laws over it.
It appears to me that if the gentleman from
