THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
from Maryland [Mr. Harris] to bean unworthy
flbettiber of this House, adopted by their votes on
Saturday? / What becomes of the solemn adjudi-
cation as far back as 1842, when a majority of
, this House asserted the right to censure Joshua
R. Qiddings, not forintroducing a petition to dis-
solve the Union, but for" offering resolutions for
the consideration of this House declaring that
the mutineers of the Creole were not responsible
for any criminal act under the laws of the United
S^ates^ Interpreted by the resolution .of censure
into a justification of mutiny and murder?
It is the.judgment of this House, and therefore
hot necessary to be argued by me, that words may
prove criminality when they reveal a criminal
purpose; and, if they, are sufficiently criminal,
that they may be visited first by censure, and, if
they judge it only an adequate punishment, by
expulsion from the House. I do not envy the
gentlemen who refused to expel the gentleman
from Maryland Tor language uttered in the pres-
ence of us all, which they immediately after voted
to declare tended and was designed to give aid
and encouragement to the public enemies of the
nation, and therefore he was an unworthy mem-
ber of the House. Sir, it would seem to have
been the logical conclusion that if he is an un-
worthy member of the House he ought not to be
suffered to remain in it, and that gentlemen who
so thought would have so said ori the fast vote fur
expulsion. How gentlemen will recoucile that
glaring inconsistency to their constituents, how
they whohavedeclared the gentleman from Mary-
land an unworthy member but that he should re-
main a member, who asserted the right to punish
by inflicting punishment but refused the only
adequate penalty for the offense of which they
Voted him guilty, will justify themselves in the
face of their own votes, it is for them to consider.
It would be cruel to aggravate their embarrass-
ments by any observations. Jib hue scabie lent-
amiis iMtguca.
BlU it remains conceded by the votes of our op-
ponents that in spite of the Constitution of the
United States, in spite of the conceded fieodom
of opinion, in spite of the conceded freedom of
speech, words ate and may be here, not out of
doors,Juit here.' m this IIou.se, here upon a sub-
ject before the House for consideration, here where
everybody lias the right to express his views upon
oveiy measure before the House, words are and
have been adjudged by the vote^ of our opponents
to be criminal, may be punished, and have been
punched within two days.
^ The measure of judgment is u matter of discre-
tion. The Constitution says that with the con-
sent of two thit da either ilouse may expel a mem-
bei, and that means not capriciously but for some
wrong, for misconduct, for nets, lor words, for
purposes, for avowals inconsistent with his duly
on this floor, tending to show (hat he is not a sn fc
depositaiy of the gr<m powers of a Representa-
tive; and the only constitutional emotion of what
is and what is not adequate cause of expulsion is
the judgment of two third.? of this House.
It that be so, the only fui tlvr question w have
to ask is, whether the gentleman fiom Ohio, le-
spoetable as he is in his puvate relations, respect-
able as |ms been his conduct in this House, hon-
estly as his convictions may he entertained, has
not plmvd hinisWf beyond the pale of that pio-
tection which this House accords to fieedom of
fjpeech, not by speaking as he ought not to have
spoken, hut by txvowing himself m favor of the
(Icstrui'lilK) of tin; nation.
Now, what is the clurc;o asjninst him ? Tlmt
Ills judgment is that t!„ ,V a.'c but two alterna-
tives: one toe extermination of the rnrmics „f
the United bmtra, and the other the detraction
Of the Lrnti'd btales itself, which he puts in
the form of a recog-jmimi of the southern States
ubun indepenu'MitU-overnment. And not restin 
on that mere drclaiation of opinion, and the ab
ternative resting in hi* own mind, he goes further
and says that of the two he preferred the latter
iimt means,46 J} here, a representative, charged
and swointo the extent of my whole influence in
tiit* legislation o! tins House to protect and main-
tain tiie integrity of the nation, hav*j come to the
conclusion, m the nud.st of a great war, when the
existence ol the nation is at stake, that, rather than
exterminate the pnenms of the natjon, 1 wiii ex-
terminate the nation." He proclaims himself the
friend of the enemies of the nation, and tin enemy
himself of the United States. He avows it his
purpose to destroy it at.the first opportunity, to
the extent, of his vote. The rebel chiefs proclaim
independence or extermination the only alterna-
tives. The gentleman from Ohio declares exterm-
ination or independence the only alternatives.
The rebel chiefs prefer the recognition of their
independence to their extermination. The gen-
tleman from Ohio avows himself for recognition
and against extermination; and recognition of the
southern confederacy means the dissolution of
the United States. The Constitution proclaims
the perpetuity of the Union; and that Constitu-
tion recognizes no dissolution, no end of its exist-
ence. Sworn to maintain that Constitution, he
now says: "In violation of a solemn oath, in
spite of the duty I am sent here to discharge,
rather than maintain it to the extent of extermin-
ating its enemies, I will destroy it.J'
Wow, that is the case stated in plain language.
It has not been stated here before to-day. And
the question which we are bound as gentlemen
and as legislators to determine is, whether.a gen-
tleman, acknowledged to be respectable, believed
to bo sincere, entertaining and avowing purposes
which do not differ from those of the chief of the
rebel confederacy, or of the men m armed an ay
beyond the Potomac benton ejecting us from this
Hall, is the fit companion of gentlemen heie, a
fit depositary of his constituents' vote, a safe per-
son to be intrusted here with the secrets of the
United States, a worthy guardian of theexistcnce
of the Republic. Aie we to be seriously told that
the freedom of speech screens a traitor because he
puts his treasonable pmposes in words? Does
the Constitution secinc the right of our avowed
enemies to vote in this Hall? May a man impu-
dently declare that his purpose here is so to vote
as to promote the success of the rebellion, to em-
barrass and paialyze the Government in Us sup-
pression, to secuie us triumph and our overthrow,
to hiing the armed enemy to Washington, or ar-
rest our Auuy lest it exterminate that enemy?
Then why do not the congicss at Richmond ad-
journ to Washington, push us from our stools,
and by parliamentary tactics, under the Consti-
tution, arrest the wheels of Government? You
could not expel then)! Sir, that picture is history,
recent history. In i8(>0 that side of the House
swarmed with the avowed enemies of the Repub-
lic, One after one, as their stars dropped iron)
the firmament of the Union, they went out; some
with tears in their eyes ovei the nuseiies they
weie about to in/bet; some of tln m with exulta-
tion over the coming calamities; some of them
with contemptuous lectures to the mcmbersin the
Hal!; some stayed behind to do the tiaitor'a busi-
ness in the disguise of honest legislators in both
Houses as long as they dared. One disgraced the
.Senate for one long session after armed men were
soaking their native soil with their blood, and
now he is in the ranks of our enemies.
Ato we to be told that gentlemen, entertaining
not these opinions but these puiposes, resolved
to the extent of their power to paralyze the Gov-
ernment, and only limited 111 what they can do by
what if may be safe to do, must be allowed not
meieiy to be members of the House, but to rise and
insolently llmg in our faces the avowal of then-
enmity, and invoke the Constitution of the United
Siates m order that they may stab it to the heait?
Shall men rise here and be allowed to expiess,
whether in one foim of phraseology or another,
as may best aid the public enemy, their desire
for the triumph of the i ebrl caust, and that, being
too tender-hearted to wish that the enemies of the
United States may be exterminated, they prefer
our ruin > And is it to he said that that comes
within the broad shield of the freedom of public
opinion, the right of debate, the freedom of speech >
Why, sir, it is not opinion that we complain of.
It is not liberty of speech that we wish to lesti ict.
On the contrary, 1 thank the gentleman [Mi.
Lout;] for his speech, for it icvealud an enemy,
and an avowed is moiu lespectable than a con-
cealed lou. He is moie fiunk than the gentle-
man from New Yoik, [Mr. Fkrk-akdo Wood,]
who, with sunilai sentiments, conceals them. lie
is more manly than that gentleman from Now
Yoi k,\v ho on Saturday rose before the House with
a paper in his hand, declaring it to be the identical
sheet from which the gentleman ftomOhio read,
read it flnuntingly in the face of the House, and
declared that he concurred in eveiy word of U,
and that if the House expelled the gentleman from
Ohio it must expel him also, but to-day, fright-
ened by the explosion of the indignation of the
House on the* head of the gentleman from Mary-
land, was careful to say that he did not at all
agree with the opinions for which the gentleman
from Ohio is called in question. Commend me,
sirj to an open adversary; I can respect the one,
I cannot have so much respect for the other, k
is not for the freedom of the avowal, it is the
entertaining the judgment which he does avow;
it is not that he violated the orders of the House, -
it is because he violates the law of the country for
his purpose to destroy it, that the gentleman from
Ohio is arraigned. We do not punish him by
saying what he did, we punish him for mean-
ing what he declares he does mean to do. And
that is what we are called upon to do by the high-
est considerations of public policy, the plainest
dictates of patriotic duty.
Oil! but we are told that it touches the rights
of his constituents. Let his constituents have an
opportunity to pass upon that, after this declara-
tion of purpose. But we must have mutual con-
sideration for each other! Why, certainly, sir.
But how far? Is there no end to patience? Is
there no avowal showing criminal intent which
wisdom requires we should guard against before-
hand? What do you suppose would be the fate
of a man sitting in the capitol at Richmond who
should arise there and propose to recognize the
supremacy of the United States? Do you sup-
pose that the freedom of debate which gentlemen
have enjoyed on this floor would have been tol-
erated, even if desired by anybody? Is it not
certain that he would have been expelled, if he
jived long enough for the vote of expulsion to be
taken? Suppose that in the French Assembly,
when the lite of France was at stake, as the life
of this nation is now at stake, and when heroic
men were struggling to maintain it, some one had
arisen and proposed to call back the Bourbons,
and place the reins of Government in their hands
—how long would lie have remained a member
of that body? Suppose that the day before the
battle of Culloden, or the day after the battle of
Preston Pans, some Jacobite bad arisen in the
House of Commons of England and declared him-
self of the opinion that the Pretender could not be
expelled without the extermination of the Jacob-
ites, and tluu therefore they should place htm on
the Lhrone of England! Do you think the tradi-
tional liberty of speech in England would have
saved him from summary expulsion > Do you
think there ia any law in England that could have
stood between him and, not expulsion, but death?
Would not the act have been considered a crime,
and the deckiation of it in Parliament have been
consideied but an aggravation of the crime, de-
manding his expulsion? Would not the vote of
that body have been instantaneous, and his exe-
cution swifter than that vote?
Are we to be told here that men are to rise in
this Hull, wh ne the guns of the impending bat-
tle will echo m our ears, when we only sit here
because we have one hundred and fifty thousand
bayonets between usand theenemy; when Wash-
ington^ a great ramp, the confer of thirty miles
ol foitilicatious sketching nround u&for our pro-
tection; are we to be told that hero, within this
citadel ol the nation,an enemy may beckon with
his hand to the armed foe, assuring him of friends
within the people's Hall, at the very center of
powet, and we cannot expel him?
Sir, let me say to this House that if it were a
constitutional right so to speak, in my judgment
this is one o{ those cases which so far tianscends
the oidinary rules of law, one of those cases
which carries us so near to the oiigmal iit -ht of
self-defense, one of those canes which appeals so
directly to the inalienable right of self-protection,
that without law and in spite of law the safety of
the people requires Ins expulsion, and i would be
one to do it. But, sir, I do not think the Consti-
tution does confer the right so to speak. I think
we are within the limits of written law which the
wisdom of our forefatheis £uvc us with which to
protect ourselves in every emergency, and this
among otheis. And the only question is whether
the patriotism of this House goes to the extent
of two thirds of its members to rid it of the pres-
ence of an avowed public enemy. That, and that
alone, is the question.
But, Mr. Speaker, we are told that this is a
