504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is correct, then se-
cession is an accomplished fact. By the void and
illegal ordinances of secession, and the armed re-
hellion against the authority of the United States
Croveniment in support of them, those in rebel-
lion have taken the southern States out of the
Union. This I deny. They have not abrogated
the Constitution and laws of the Union as to the
territory or the people who inhabit it. By illegal
violence they have and do prevent the enforce-
ment there of the Constitution and laws; we have
the right to and arc engaged in restoring their
authority b/suppressing the rebellion. In dojng
this we have certain belligerent rights, but when
this is accomplished the southern States are a part
of the Union, not by virtue of reconstruction
or readmission, not as conquered territory, but
because they were never out of the Union. The
exercise of the jurisdiction of the Federal Gov-
ernment wns obstructed and suspended by armed
insurrection within the territory of these States.
When this is subdued the States arc constituent
members of the Union, and the people within
them are amenable to the Constitution and laws
of the United States, to bo protected by them in
their rights, and to be punished as prescribed by
them for their crimes. If the views of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] are
correct, then we should recognize the so-called
confedeiate authorities; then they are rightfully
entitled to treat with the Government of the Uni-
ted States for and on behalf of the people of the
States in which the rebellion exists. This I deny.
These leaders, in my view, are usurpers, having
no rightful authority to negotiate with the Gov-
ernment of the United States on behalf of the
southern people. The Stales have not rebelled;
it is individuals or combinations of individuals
within those States who have rebelled. The
States are not to be. punished or disfranchised on
account of the lebellion; the individuals who have
violated the laws by organizing armed resistance
are liable to be punished according to law when
we have overcome the insurrection so that the
law can be enforced.
Hut, if it be conceded that this is a public war
aga'jnst a foieign enemy or government, and that
the southern people are to be regarded as alien
enemies, and their territory when the rebellion is
suppressed is to be deemed territoi y acquired by
conquest, rather than our own territory m which
the authority of the Constitution and laws has
been vindicated against rebels, we have no right
by the law of nations to confiscate lands owned by
private peibons. What is the law of nations? 1
understand it to be that usage which pievaiisand
is sanctioned by civilized and Christian nations.
The law of nations governing war and the lights
of belligerents and conquerors is this usagoamong
nations which luis come to have the authonty of
law, and the violation of which would subject the
oQending Government to the condemnation of the
civilized and Christian woild. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] contends that
this law authorizes us to confiscate in fee the lands
of the inhabitants of the southern States, and he
derives our tight to do so from this law of nations
and not from the Constitution; that we do not for-
feit their lands in punishment of them for treason,
but asa right over them which we have by the law
of nations, treating them as persons who never
owed allegiance to our Government, whom we
had conquered.
I submit that the law of nations as understood
and practiced in modern tlines gives no such right;
and that all modern publicists and authorities are
against the position contended for.
When ton, in Ins Elements of international Law,
page 450,«ays:
*• But by the modem linage of nations, which ha- now
aecjuned the* t-ncc of huv, private pioj)<:rty on land l^iNo
exempt Irotu confiscation \v ilh the exception ol such a-, mav
bfv.nmo booty in t-perial cav.'^ when taken uom enemies m
the field, or m lie>ie«ed town-,and of mihtarv eon hi but ion;,
levied upon the inhabitants of (he ho.-lile temtoiw IVus
exemption csteniti even to the t-useof an uh*ol<ite and unqual-
ified con<jne\t of the cnctn)i\country, in am u nt lime- both
the movable and immovable ptopeity oi the 'vanquished
pa-ied to the eonqueior. 5>uch \va< the Roman law oi war,
ol (.en a-xi i u d vui h ti ni eloi.iiny -.'veritv ; and -noli \v«i> the
fate of the I'ontrm provmec s ubdu«ci by the nostbern bai-
bamns on tiie deelni-"1 and fall nt ihe western empn.\ A
Jarse portion, fmin one thnd to two thud.- of the lamK be-
longing lo the vanqun-hed pro\ inejaN, waj eonfwated and
pamtioned amony the eonqneioih, The la-t (xnniple m
iiurnpe of such a conquest was that ot Knuland hv William
ot Noimandy. tfniee that penod, awon* the (ihhzcJ ini-
tio,oj LhiisUiulo'n, cm^ues-i. even u hta e'mluiaod by a
treaty of peace, has been followed by no general or partial
transmutation of lawleJ property. The pioperty belonging
to the Government of the vanquished nation parses to the
victorious State, which alio takes the place of the former
sovereign in respect to the eminent domain. In other re-
spects -private rights are unaffected by conquest."
Vattel lays down in substance the same law.
Mr. Adams in 1816, in a letter to Lord Castle-
reagh, said:
" Eut as by the same usage of civilized nations private
property is not the subject of lawful capture in war upon the
land, it i  peilectiy clear that in every stipulation private
property shall be rebooted, or that upon the restoration of
places during the war it shall not be carried away."—-4
American State Papers, 116, &c.
Chief Justice Marshall says, in 7 Peters, pages
86, 87:
" It may not be unworthy of remark that it is very un-
usual, oven in cases of conquest, for the conqueror to do
more than to displace the sovereign and assume dominion
over the eountiy. The modern usage of nations, winch has
become law, would be violated, that sense of justice and
of ri<rht which is acknowledged and foit by the whole civ-
ilized woild would beoutiaged, if private propeity should
be generally confiscated and private rights annulled. The
people change their allegiance; their iclation to their an-
cient sovereign is dissolved ; but their relations to each
other and their rights of propeity remain undisturbed. If
this be the model n rule even in eases of conquest, who can
doubt its application in the case of an amicable cession of
temtoiy ?"
Another gentleman who has addressed the
House stated that the law of nations authorized
the party successful in war to do what he pleased
with the subjugated people. Yattel, who wrote
over one hundred years ago, and when tiie law of
nations was hat&her than it can be successfully
claimed to be at this day. says in Book 111, ua^e
388:
" But if the entne State be conquered, if the nation be
subdued, in what manner can the victor treat it without
transgressing the bounds ot justice ? What are his lights
over the eonqueied couutrj } riome have Wared to advance
this monstrous principle, that the conqueior is absolute
master of hi- conquer, that he may dispose of it as his
ptopeity, that he may treat it as he pleases, accoidmg to
the common expression of treating a State as a conquered
country; and hence they derive one of the soniccs of des-
potic government."
Now, I submit whether there is a member of
this House who desires or is willing to have this
gieat nation of ours, great and poweiful as I be-
lieve it to be, able to vindicate itself in any just
cause, violate the usage of Christian and civilized
nations; disregard those rules and maxims which
m the language of Chief Justice Maishall have
become Imc; and whatever Government violates
them, partieuhuly if it be poweiful anil its oppo-
nent weak, subjects itself to the scorn and con-
demnation of the civilized woild. Are we prepared
to say that we are willing to enter upon a system
of confiscation, in virtue of our right as conquer-
ors which the civilized world denounces, which
Wheaton says has never been exeicisedm Chris-
tian Hill ope since the time of William the Norman,
and which, he says, the code of civilized and Clu is-
tian countnes forbids under the ban of bein" bai-
barous, and of going back to the times when foice
alone, untempered by mercy orChustianity or civ-
ilization, rode destructively overall that came in its
way ? For the sake of the character of our country,
for the sakeof ourreputation, claimingto beagreat
civilized and Christian people, for the sake of keep-
ing that standing bcfoie the civilized world which
we anj entitled to ill this war, 1 piotestagainst tiie
idea that we are to enter upon a system of con-
fiscation which has been ignored by civilized na-
tions at war during the last five 01 six bundled
years. Why, sir, it seems to me that nothing
could he more fatal to us. While we stand be-
foie the world prosecuting this war to defend and
maintain the Union, to subdue those who are en-
deavoring to destroy it, who are in aims to over-
turn this beneficent Government, we will have the
respect and sympathy of foieign nations. Let
us not foifeittills position. Lotus take no step,
innuguratu no policy which will authoiize it to
be said that we, over twenty million people, are
waging a war against eight million with the pur-
pose of making it a war of conquest to sti ip them
of their property, and to disti ihuto itamong camp-
followers and specuhiinis, among the men who
are not of the Array when battles ai e to be fought,
but follow in_ its wake to share m the plunder
when wile salety it can ne ieaclicd. Wliy.Stoiy
says, in suostance, that one of the reasons for
prohibiting confiscation for treason beyond the
hie estate was to cut ■;/' ihat s\v,u m of greedy and
ue-atkite pfundereis who are ever, under the cry
i i loyalty ai'd the public good, pushing those in
power 011 to vindictive measures, with no higher
or more patriotic motive than a desire to share in
the plunder which they call for in the name of
patriotism.
Why, sir, if the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] is right we ought to recognize
these confederate authorities. Then they are the
leaders of the people waging war with us, right-
fully their leaders. Now, I have been opposed
to recognizing them, opposed to negotiating with
them. I consider them, in the language of a res-
olution for which X voted, usurpers and traitors,
having no right or authority over the people of
the South and no right to bind them; and there-
fore 1 have been for overthrowing them, for scat-
tering their armies, for delivering from their rule
the mass of the people of the South who owe al-
legiance to this Government, and whom the Ad-
ministration should desire to bring back under the
Constitution and laws of the Union, that we may
go on hereafter peacefully and happily as we have
hitherto in a career of individual and national
prosperity.
But again, if we had (lie constitutional and
legal right to foi^iit forever the lands of the mass
of the people who have taken part in'this rebel-
lion, to turn them and their children from them,
and sell them to others, do gentlemen believe it
would be a wise policy to do so:' Would this tend
to the speedy suppression of resistance or to that
state of things among the people of the southern
States which all, when they divest themselves of
the irritation produced by this civil war, must hope
and desire to see after it issuccessfully ended? I
consider that our main object is to bring the mass of
these people back to form a part of and strengthen
our Government. Do gentlemen believe thatsuch
legislation as this under consideration will aid in
this matter? Will it not strengthen those leaders
in the South? Will they not be able to point to
it and say to their people, "You have nothing to
hope for but victory or death; you see it declared
by the legislative assembly of the United States
that we are alien enemies, and that they have ihe
right to forfeit all our lands, and are disposed to
do it?" Will it not be worlh everything to them
in these despairing times of their rebellion?  Will
it not enable the leaders to stimulate and intensify
the southern people by pointing to the Congress
of the United States as being engaged in making
laws the policy and effect of which will be lo take
from the mass of the people of the South and their
children all their property ? Let us rather unite our
people and exert all our power in overthi owing
armed resistance, showing at the same time that
when that is overthrown the mass of the people
in these States are not to be treated as a eonqueied
or subjugated people, but dealt with according to
the Constitution and laws of the Union; that as
to the mass there will be amnesty 011 liberal terms,
to the end that they may lie contented citizens of
this Republic; that they may again be devoted to
the U111011; that they may return feeling how much
I hey were wronged by the leadeis who led them
into this rebellion, and how much they profited
by its overthrow and the restoration of the au-
thority of the Constitution over them.
Mr. WILSON. Mr Speaker, in closing the dis-
cussion 011 this joint resolution, it is not my pur-
pose to follow the general couise of argument in
which gentlemen opposed to it have indulged.
The discussion has taken a wide range, embraced
a gieat variety of topics, and treated of almost
every question connected with the subject of con-
fiscation except the one presented by the resolu-
tion. This course having been adopted by the
other side of the House, rendered it proper for the
friends o'f the policy of confiscation to reply to the
arguments advanced in opposition thereto. This
lias been done, successfully done; and 1 shall not
waste the time of the House by adding anything
to the lengthy discussion which has taken place
concerning questions not presented by the measure
now before 11s for our consideration.
That confiscation should be a part of our pub-
lic policy Willi regard to persons engaged in tins
wicked rebellion was settled by the Tiiirty-.8c\-
enth Congress after most careliil consideration of
the subjectand elaborate discussion. That policy
is now embodied in the living law of the land, and
is not before us for reconsideration; and all that
has been said upon it by the opponents of this les-
oiution has resulted in u waste of time. Whether
the policy established by the coiu'iscation act of
