8502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
member from New York was in favor of the in-
crease of this salary. I was one of the minority,
and I came to the conclusion that the salary ought
to be Kiised from personal knowledge in a great
measure of the very arduous duties of this judge.
It is necessary, by the extent of his district and the
number of terms that he is obliged to hold in dif-
ferent places, for him to travel from twenty-one
to thirty-two hundred miles a year at very heavy
expense. You give him but $2,750, and the dis-
trict contains a population, as the Senate have
heard, of 2,461,000, when the New England States
in the mass, excluding Massachusetts, have a
population only of 1,904,000, and the United
States judges in those Stales get $10,000. Mas-
sachusetts has only 1,231,000 population, and the
judge thcregcts$3,000. Illinois has 1,711,753, and
we pay.the judues there £6,000. Michigan has
a population of 749,110, and we pay £G,000. Mis-
souii 1,182,317, and we pay £5,500. The popu-
lation of tins judicial district, therefore, isgreater
than the population of either of the districts to
which i have adverted, and we are paying less.
1 hope that the amendment of the committee will
not be concurred in by the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. It is very certain that if we
raise the fsnhuy of Judge llall it will not equal-
ize the pay of our distne.t judges; there will be
as great inequalities then as now; and there will
be moredisxniisfaction, for it will be said that we
have heard one case and decided it, and we are
therefore bound to hear others and decide them.
Now,s!i, I think this salary is too small; I have
no doubt that it ought to be raised; 1 have no
doubt that it ought to be raised to the amount
named by the honorable Senator from New
Yoik, ^,3,500. I think that the Government of
the United States should pay a district judge an
amount at least equal to the amount paid by the
State to jiul t's of their supreme courts. 1 think
the dignity of a jnd^o of the United States re-
quires that he should at least lecoive asaiaiy
equal to that paid to their judges by the State iih
which he lives. While 1 yteld all that, and while
I grant that Jud«je Hall is eminently worthy of
re'-.i-ivinif a competent support and a liberal sup-
port fiotn the Government, i still must, vote
ugainst an iueiOi.oe of this suhuy now. It will
not, as the honorable Senator from Ohio has sug-
gested, do to raise this salary without raising
others, and at the present time we are not pie-
pared, and although I would speak modestly in
legard to what we can and cannot do, it seems to
me that we cannot raise the salanes of these
judges to the point that perhaps weie it not for
'air peculiar condition we ought to raise them.
1 hope, thcieioie, that the amendment repoited
by the committee will be concurred in and that
this section will be stricken out.
Allusion has been made to the, different States
and population^, and allusion has been made to
New England. I may say in rogaid to the dis-
M ier judge ol my own State, he lias a salary of
fr'JjOUO only, lie performs as much duty, I may
I"- allowed to say, ax any judge of «ny distucl in
the United States. He holdscouitas many days
and sits as many hout j as any judge in the whole
United Slates; and I will add to that, withoutdis-
paugjug eeitamly any other jud^e, he performs
his duties as well as any other judge, for no de-
cision of his Lus ever been overruled by a higher
'.nbunal since he has been upon the bene!). That
is pretty good evidence that he performs his du-
ties well. iN'uw, sii, if we raise the salary of Judge
Hail we must raise the salary of Judge Shipman
and of a large number of otheis, peihaps of all
the judges m the country. At the present time I
think we eunnot and ought not attempt to do it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not th ink we ought
to eonsider what the judge in Connecticut or any
otlu.r State oui'.hf to have in connection with this
bill. It all the judges were now equal, there would
be Jorce in that at^urnont; but they arc not now
(.-rjinl; and when Congress is legulaung the duties
ol Oiisjudge the question is whatought ho to have.
!r> c.ny Senatorp:epuiod to say that $3,500 ought
not to be paid lot sue!) services usuic described
i.i tins m!j by o jiul^e having to hold courts at. a
nut. oei ol v.ty jnipojiant pomts and adjudge
- of th" g. .xU st iiK^i.irwde that pan ansa m
'i „ njim.ii'. e; eou.it: y : Trie judge m In-
.... ' ' \r :.50.i. lie holds couit at but one
. i.. . . pi.ai i<f the State; it is a pleasant visit
to -c fhwv ;i.iu o!'"iuJ a lew w< eks. His du-
ties are not arduous, and although that is not a
very high salary, still it is an easy office. But it
is hard work to hold such courts as are described
in this bill; it is an expensive office. The differ-
ence between the expenses of the judge in Indiana
and the judge that discharges these duties must be
$1,000 in money paid out, I should think, in go-
ing to these different places twice a year. It is
a mere matter of compensation, dollars and cents.
He ought to have that much, I cannot think any
Senator can doubt who reflects on it.
Mr. FOSTER called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 15, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Cowan, Foster, Hale,
Ilarlan, Ilowe, Ramsey, Sheiman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,and Wilson—35.
NAY'S—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Carlile, Conness,
Davis, Doolittle, Foot, Harris, Henderson, ileitdncks,
Hicks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDou-
gall, Morgan, Mod ill, Pomeioy, Powell, Riddle, Saulsbury,
Spuurue, and Van Winkle—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Coll.imer, Dixon, Festenden,
Gumes, Harding, ilowaid,Nesmith, Itielioidson, Willey,
and Wnght—11.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the salary of
the district judge of the State of Connecticut be
$3,500.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the dis-
trict judge of Kansas be placed at $2,500. I hope
the Senator from Illinois will accept it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The hour has ar-
rived for the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour has
arrived for the special order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE 1 move that that be in-
formally passed over for five or ten minutes until
we get a vote on this bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I demand the special
onl<T.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
older is before the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire to say, by unanr
imous consent, that this bill is not u bill simply
about the salary of this judge; it legulatcs ail the
coin ts in New York. It has p.ojsed the House
of Representatives, and if we amend the bill wo
kill it. I voted against amending it for that reason.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to postpone the
special order for half an hour.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope that will not
be done.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to—
ayes ten, noes not counted.
MESSAGE FItOM THIS II0US3.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 138) to regu-
late proceedings in cases between landlord and
tenant in the District of Columbia.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bill; which was thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 339) to lepeal a joint resolution
entitled 44 Joint resolution to giant additional
rooms to the Agricultural Department," and for
other purposes.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is before the Senate, being the resolution of
the House of Representatives relative to the ad-
journment of Congress.
Mr. LANE, of Kaffsas. I move to amend the
resolution by inserting 
Mr. SUMNER. Let the resolution be read.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It has been read. .
The PRESIDENT jwoicmpore. It will be again
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolrcfi. (the Senate eoncnirinjr.) That the Pie^ulentof
the Senate and the Speakei ol th-> 13<>u-e aojouin their
rc-peotive Houses lor tne pie^m M'isjutj on Tiuii&day, the
30th of June instant, at twelve o'clock m.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 move to concur m
the lesoiution with an amendment fixing it at
Monday,^the 4th or July, at twelve o'clock m.
Mi. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. feUMNER. In determining*when to ad-
journ we may be guided somewhat by the expe-
rience of the past. If earlier Congresses, having
less to do—infinitely less—than the present Con-
gress, have found it necessary to continue their
sessions through the summer, we may ask our-
selves if we should be less industrious and less
persevering.
1 have in my hand a memorandum of the dates of
the adjournments of Congress at the long session
during the last twenty years. It is most suggestive
at least, even if it be not a warning to us.
The first session of the Twenty-Ninth Congress
adjourned August 10,1846. The war with Mex-
ico had justbegun. The firstsession of the Thir-
tieth Congress adjourned August 14, 1848. The
main discussion of this year was oil the Wilmot
proviso. The .first session of the Thirty-Fiist
Congress adjourned September 30, 1850. This
was the session of compromise. The fugitive
slave act bears date September 18 of this year.
The firstsession of the Thirty-Second Congress
adjourned August 31,1852. During this session
the compromise measures were much discussed,
and Congress was occupied by the presidential
question and the platforms of the two great par-
ties. It was as late as 26th August of this ses-
sion that I had the honor of moving the repeal of
the fugitive slave act passed by the previous Con-
gress. The first session of the Thirty-Third Con-
gtess adjourned August 7,1854. This was early
for those times. The firstsession of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress adjourned August 30, 1856.
Kansas was the constant order of the day during
this session. Down to this period there was no
adjournment be foi e August, and one Congress sat
as late as the 30th September. Buta change took
place.
In 1856 the old per diem of eight dollars as
compensation of Senators and Representatives
was transmuted into the present system of com-
pensation by an annual salary of $3,000, be the
session long or short. See now what ensued.
The fit st session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress,
which sat immediately after the change of pay,
adjourned June 14,1858; rnd yet the question of
Kansas and the Lecompton constitution occupied
this Congress. The first session of the Thnty-
Sixth Congress adjourned June 28, 1860. Tins
was on the eve of the presidential election, and
Congress was much occupied by the crisis of that
historic conflict. Then came the long session of
the Thirty-Seventh Congress, which adjourned
July 17,1862. This was a remarkable Congress,
wlneh has stored the statute-book with monu-
ments of its industry and patriotism. Such is the
record of the past, and now it is proposed to ad-
journ on the 4th of July.
But there are two suggestions with regard to
this recoid of the past, which you will pardon
me for making. First, so long as Congress was
paid at the late of eight dollars aday, so that
salary depended upon the duration of the session,
Congress satiate in the season, ltis humiliating
to think that a consideration apparently so trivial
could have had such an influence, but these are
the facts. The other suggestion is of a different
character. It appears that while the pretensions
of slavery were to be upheld,Congress was will-
ing to give up the whole summer, even into au-
tumn, to the odious theme. For the sake of an
exccrable fugitive slave act and other kindled
measures it boro all these heats which are now
so unbearable.
Sir, long ago I began the cry that we of the
free States must be as earnest and positive for
freedom as our opponents have always been for
slavery. Why not imitate their example ? Bus-
iness did notdiaw them away, heat did not drive
them away when slavery was in question. But
fieedom in every form is now in question. There
is your Army, it must be sustained; there are
your finances, must they not be sustained also?
I might allude also to the great ideas of freedom
involved in this war. Much has been done to
uphold these, but more remains to be done.
But the question of finances at this moment
assumes a practical form. Unless 1 am misin-
formed, it is now under discussion in the other
House. While they debate au increased taxation
we aie sitting here at eleven o'clockar night con-
sidering how to put an end to the session". That
subject, winch of all others is the most difficult
