I5S2
IBM congressional GLOM.
Aprii 11.
te tne name of those who stand, bcfor.e us in the
"Mifilts'df Battle; in the name of the liberty 'our
taeestors have confided to us, 1 devote to eternal
'execration the name of him who shall propose to
destroy this blessed land rather than its enemies.
Bat until that time arrive, it is the judgment of
the American people there shall be no compro-
ftiiisfi; that ruin to ourselves or ruin to the southern
rebels are the only alternatives. It is only by
resolutions of this kind that nations-can rise above
gti&t dangers and overcome them in. crises like
this. It was only by turning France into a camp,
resolved that Europe might exterminate, but
should not subjugate her, that France is the lead-
ing empire of Europe to-day. It is by such a
resolve that ihe American people coercing a re-
luctant Government to draw the sword and stake
the national existence on the integrity of the Re-
public, are now anything but the fragments of a
nation b'efore the world, the scorn and hiss of
every (jetty tyrant. ^ It is becauso the people of
the United States, rising to the height of the oc-
casion, dedicated this generation to the sword,
tind pouring out the blood of their children as of
no account, and avowing before high Heaven
that there should be no end to this conflict but
ruin absolute or absolute triumph, that we now
are what we are; that the banner of the Republic
still pointing onward floats proudly in the face of
the enemy, that vast regions are reduced to obe-
dience to the laws, and that a great host inarmed
array now presses with steady step into the dark
Regions of the rebellion. It is only by the earnest
and abiding resolution of the people that whatever
shall be our fate, it shall be grand as the Ameri-
can-nation, worthy of that Republic which first
trod the path of empire and made no peace but
under the banners of victory, that the American
people will survive in history.
And that will save us. We shall succeed and
not fail. 1 have an abiding confidence in the firm-
ness, the patience, the endurance of the American
people; and, having resolved to stand in history
on the great resolve to accept of nothing but vic-
tory or rum, victory is ours. And it' with such
heroic resolve we fall, we fall with honor, and
transmit the name of liberty committed to our
keeping untarnished, to go tlown to future gen-
erations. 1 he historian of our decline and fall,
contemplating the ruins of the last great Repub-
lic, and drawing from its fate lessons of wisdom
on the waywardness of men, shall drop a tear as
he records with sorrow the vain heroism of that
people who dedicated and sacrificed themselves
to the cause of freedom, and by their example will
keep alive its worship m the hearts of men till
happier generations shall learn to walk in her
paths. Yes,sir, if we must fall, let out last hours
be stained by no weakness. If we niusi fail,
let us stand amid the crash of the falling Repub-
lic and be buried in its rums, so that history may
take note that men lived in the middle of the
nineteenth century worthy of a better fate, but
chastised by God for the sins of their forefathers.
Lei the ruins of the Republic remain to testify to
the latest generations our greatnesa and our hero-
ism. And lot Liberty, crowrtle.ss and childless,
ftit upon these rums, crying aloud in a snd wail
to thermtionsofihe world, "I nursed and brought
up chiMren,and theyhave rolled against me."
[Great applause on the floor and in theg-ulierica.l
iVIr. PiNCIC obtained the flooj*.
Mr. WASI1BURNE, of Illinois, Will ihe
gentleman yield to me for a motion to adjourn'
K No,never! nevc*!" from the Democratic side
of the House.!
Mr. FIInCIv. I yield for that purpose.
JVf r. WAbH BURNh , of Illinois,(at ten o'clock,
p. m.) f move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SGHLNCK. f hope the House will not
adjourn.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 hope not. I liope that the
motion to adjourn will he voted down.
Tite question way tak^n; and there were, on a
division—ayes 41), noes 74.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, it m not my pur-
pose to detain the House very long. But there
are some questions to which i wish to direct the
attention of the House and of the country. I do
not regard the question of this resolution as in-
volving the approbation or disapprobation,by the
House, of the positions assumed and discussed by
my colleague, (Mr. Long 1 It is Altogether a
different and distinct question from that. I do
not myself, Mr. Speaker, concur, as I understand
my colleague, in alt the viewy and positions as-
sumed and expressed by him last Friday. I am
to-day, a^ 1 have' been from the beginning, op-
posed to secession. I do not believe thatany such
right exists under oar form of Government. I
am to-day, as I have been from the commence-
ment of this unfortunate difficulty, opposed to
an acknowledgment of the independence of the
so-called confederate States, £ hold to-day, as 1
have held from the beginning—in direct conflict
with the distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens] — that these confederate
States are not outside the Union, and do not con-
stitute a distinct and foreign nation.
My colleague from the second district, in a man-
ly, open, frank, and candid manner, stated distinct-
ly to the House and to the country, that he butex-
pressed hisown viewsandopinions whenl\espoke
to this House. I believe, sir, I know, that my own
constituents are opposed to secession, or to a rec-
ognition of the so-called confederate States. I be-
lieve that the Democracy of the great Northwest,
and the great Democratic party of the country,
are not to-day, and have not been from the be-
ginning, in favor of the recognition of the con-
federate States. And although I believe that this
unfortunate war could have been avoided by fair,
just,and honorable compromises between the two
sections of the country; that the only obstacle
which prevented that compromise came from the
Republican members of Congress; and that to
them is to be chaiged the defeat of the compro-
mises offered by the lamented statesman from
Kentucky, (Mr. Crittenden,) yet, sir, great
armies aie in the field; they now confront each
other, and we are on the evo of terrible battles,
and 1 trust that whenever these battles do take
place, the armies of the North whall be successful,
and that the old flag may be earned m victory
wherever it goes. Hut, sir, candor and frankness
require me to state, that I do nut believe—and 1
declare it before Heaven and the country—that
forco alone can preserve the Union or restore
those States; that to the sword must be added
conciliation—to the sword must be added prudent
and wise statesmanship,alaslsuchstatesmanship
as has not yet been exhibited by this Admmis-
tiutiou. The people of this country require the
inauguration of n system of conciliation by which
both peace and the Union may be restored.
Sir, I have stated that the question under de-
bate is not the question as I understood it to have
been stated by my colleague from the nineteenth
district the other day, [Mi. Garfield, J that those
who vote against the resolution for expulsion
vote to indoise the views and sentiments ex-
pressed by my colleague, [Mr. Long.] That is
too nan o w and resti jcted a position to be assumed
on this icsoluuon. This view would sink the
question for below its true dignity and signifi-
cance. It involves considerations very different
from that. It involves a principle, Mr. Speaker,
which lies at the very base of our institutions.
It is a question whether the people's representa-
tives in this Hall have the right to discuss, un-
tiammclrd, all the public measures that are the
subject of legitimate discussion. Tlmt is it, noth-
ing less,.nothing moie.
Are we to be told, Mr. Speaker, that the grave
questions of peace and wai cannot be discussed
here? What question*, I ask, are of greater im-
portance to the people than questions of peace i
and war? There is nothing which so deeply affects ]
a Government as the questions of peace or war, and
especially in this liou.se where we are called upon
day after day to vote upon questions relating to
this war and to the policy of the Administration, is
it most important that the bioadesL liberty and
freedom of debate should be awaided to every
member upon this llooi.
Mr. Speaker, the day when this great right of
the people shall be stricken down in this Hall will
be one of the saddest days in American history.
Why, sir, there is something most strange in the
conduct of gentlemen upon the other side of the
House in relation to this question. On last Fri-
day, when my colleague [Mr. Long] was pro-
ceeding with his speeelj, the hour expired, and by
unanimous consent he was allowed to go oil and
conclude his remarks; and who, I ask yon, made
the motion to extend the time > Why, the distin-
guished gentleman from the Galena distneXof Illi-
nois, [Mr.WASHBCRNE.] Thatgentleman sprung
to his feet to ask that the time of my colleague
might be extended.'
And, sir, the country ought to know another
fact which occurred within this Hall, while these
outbursts of patriotism have been uttereH and
sent abroad from the other side of the House
while they have been boiling over with patriotic
indignation at what they are pleased to designate
as the treasonable sentiments uttered by my col-
league. I find that they have been most liberal in .
their subscriptions for that speech. One of my
colleagues on that side [Mr. Ashley] has sub-
scribed for five hundred copies, 'lhe distin-
guished gentleman on the Military Committee
[Mr. Garfield] subscribed for one hundred cop-
ies. Is not that most strange and inconsistent?
Well, Mr. Speaker, I have an idea of this kind
—a little secret—which I think I will speak to the
House and to the country. I rather suspect that,
mixed up with all this patriotic Fourth of July dec-
lamation on the other side of the House, there is
an undercurrent of partisan feeling and purpose.
Do not you think so, sir? Why, sir, when my
colleague from the nineteenth district [Mr. Gar-
field] arose and called for a white flag to be
brought down the aisle aijd placed between him-
self and my colleague from the second district,I
did not know but that some grand tragedy was
aboutto be enacted. I thought so when ho quoted
Milton's Paradise Lost; but when I learned he
had subscribed so liberally for that speech, my
apprehensions of a tragedy vanished.
If that speech gives aid and comfort to the en-
emy, why do gentlemen on the other side of the
House give so much aid and comfort to the speech?
1 want the country to know and understand these
facts.
Well, sir, I want the country to know another
thing. During the last Congress, on the 27th day
of January, 1863, while armies were confronting
each other, maintaining about the same relative
position as now, our brothers, our sons, our
fiicnds were in the Army of the North, and I be-
lieve the opposing army was then nearer theoap-
ltal than it is to-day, and what was the scene
which was then witnessed in this House ? A gen-
tleman upon the other side of the House rose in his
place and proposed to stop the war at once and
to-recognize the independence of the confederate
States. Was there any indignation upon the
other side of the House on that occasion? Yet
upon that day, as 1 have said, a member of thia
body on that side of the House proposed delib-
erately that this war should terminate at once,
and that the President should be authorized at
once to open negotiations with the confederates
for the purpose of their recognition. Where is
the evidence of the outburst of patriotic indigna-
tion on that occasion? It is perhaps a calamity
that the distinguished gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Davis] was not here then to have poured out
his denunciations upon the gentleman who made
that proposition. 1 wonder, I am surprised, why
some patriotic gentleman on the other side did not
arise in his place and ask for the immediate ex-
pulsion of the gentleman from Kansas, (Mr. Con-
way.) Why, sir, were not these speeches—par-
tisan speeches, unworthy of a deliberative assem-
bly'—made then? Now, what did Mi. Conway
say and propose in that speech of the 27th of Jan-
uary , 18B3. 1 beg the attention of the House whilo
I quote from that speech. He says:
£* Nevertheless I cannot refrain worn expressing my in-
dividual opinion that the true policy 01 tlic Noith i* to tenn-
in.uc tfi is w.ir ut oneo. Tlie longer us continuance the worse
onr situation becomes. Let the two Houses of Ooneiess
adopt the following resolutions:
" Rcsolvcdbyihc Senate and House ofRepresentatives, $c.t
That the Executive be, and tic r, heioby, lujuc^ted toissue
a gencinl oidcr to ail cominandeis of Ibices, m the several
military departments ot the United States to discontinue
olleiiMve uperations against lhe enemy, and to act for the
future entuply on the defensive.
"Resohed, That the Executive be, and he is hereby,
further requested to rater Into negotiations with tiie au-
thorities ot the confederate States with reference to a ces-
sation of hostilities ba^ed on the following piopositionst
L Recognition of the independence ot the confederate
Si«uet>. 2. A uiufoiui system of duties upon imports. 3,
Free tiadr between the two States. 4. Free navi ationof
the Mississippi river. 5. Mutual adoption of the°Monroe
doctrine.-"
There, sir, is a direct proposition for the recog-
nition of the independence of the confederate
States.^ Where, let me ask, were the gentlemen
then with their resolutions of expulsion? Isitnot
most strange, Mr. Speaker, that a year ago, while
