3504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J uly 2.
If we do not act upon this resolution to-night
and cat! it up on Monday at twelve o'clock, gen-
tlemen will oppose fixing a day of adjournment
then, and we may remain here for a month longer,
business will crowd upon our hands, and weshall
have just as much to do then apparently as we
have now. Unless we fix some time now, in my
honest judgment we shall not adjourn for the
next month; we shall never get ready; we shall
never come to a point at which we can fix some
moment in our own estimation.
Now, upon what is all this matter based in the
House of Representatives? My understanding
is—and gentlemen can correct me if I am wrong—
that one of the collectors in the city of New York
suggested to Mr. Chase, the Secretary of the
Tieasury,after the Congress of theUnited States
have acted upon a tax bill, that that tax bill will
not produce as much revenue as was supposed.
Am I not correct, that one of the collectors of the
city of New York suggested to the Secretary of
the Treasury that the tax bill would not produce
sufficient revenue?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is not correct.
The proposition for an additional income tax was
introduced solely for the purpose of meeting the
bounties provided forby recent legislation—boun-
ties not contemplated by previous legislation.
What the action of the House of Representatives
is in regard to other matters 1 cannot say.
■Mr. HENDERSON. 1 beg the Senator's par-
don; I am not talking of the matter that he is
talking about. He misunderstands me. The
two Houses of Congress came to the conclusion
that the tax bill would raise a certain amount of
revenue, and a collector m the city of New York
takes it upon himself to say that it will not pro-
duce as much levenueas was contemplated by
the two blanches of the national Legislature. He
says it will produce only $230,000,000', another
officer here connected with the internal revenue
says $223,000,000; and upon that, I undristand,
the Secretary of the Treasury makes his recom-
mendation to increase the tax upon various arti-
cles. Who has given this extreme wisdom to the
collector of the city of New York? Mr. Presi-
dent, if the two branches of Congress and the
members of the two Houses would rely upon
thcil own judgment and rely less upon the judg-
ment of interested officials throughout the coun-
try we should do infinitely better. We cannot
undertake to impose a tax upon a single article
here that we are not beset by individuals who
know more about it; and why? Because they are
deeply interested in the products upon which we
aret imposing a tax. individuals go and speculate
in whisky, in tobacco, and in all these articles,
and then come to Congress and ask an increase
of the tax. The assessors throughout the coun-
try—an interested body—meet in Cleveland and
they make various suggestions. I am perfectly
willing to listen to those suggestions when they
are founded on reason and common sense; but
they make thousands of suggestions designed and
intended simply to increase iheir own salarn s
under the law; and so it is with the various col-
lectors all over the country.
Why, sir, a Senator rises and tells us that a
collector has informed him that unless a tax be
imposed on whisky on hand—about which 1 rate
not one fig if the'Senate desnes to do so—there
will not be any revenue collected from the manu-
facture of whisky for the next thirty months.
Do we believe any such thing as that? I ussuie
the Senator theie is too much whisky being used
in this country to imagine for a moment that the
stock on hand will last for thirty months. These
interested collectors in various parts of the coun-
try, expecting to derive large revenues from then-
own business, send messages to Congress aslyng
us to do so and so in reference to the taxes of
the country, and we, not relying upon our own
judgment, listen to the interested suggestions of
these men.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator will per-
mit me, the collector to whom 1 refer;ed collects
fiom eight to nine hundred thousand dollars an-
nually, so that his sal.it y is not enhanced one
dime by the incioased amount of his collection.
The amountalieady collect* d by him far exceeds
the maximum upon which he is allowed a per-
centage. ^
Mr. HENDERSON. Is he a collector in the
Senator's own State?
Mr. WILKINSON. No, sir; in the city of
New York.
Mr. HENDERSON. In all probability if I
could know exactly the situation occupied by this
disinterested collector I might find some reason
to give for his kind suggestions to Congress.
Mr. President, I care nothing about this tax on
whisky on hand. You may levy it. I have been
indifferent about it from the beginning. God
knows 1 have never been interested in whisky.
I have never in my life owned any more than I
could drink, and I drink precious little of it. I
know nothing and care nothing about it; but I
am not prepared to listen at this hour to the sug-
gestions of every collector throughout the coun-
try who may be interested in the dealings of the
country.
Sir, I say we have been here long enough. I
do not desire any increase of taxation upon the
various articles suggested by the Secretary of the
Treasury at all. There aie other difficulties in
the way of our finances besides this. I have sug-
gested those difficulties, andj do not want to re-
peat them. If we adopt a different system from
the system wc have been adopting, if we curtail
the currency of the countiy, weshall coliectieve-
nue enough under our present tax bill. Let us
collect what we can under the present tax laws
of the country, and if we can reduce this inflation
of the currency we shall raise enough to carry
on this war for all time to come. That is the
difficulty in our way. It is the difficulty which
is growing upon us. We ate doing something
now, and i hope we may do more, looking for-
ward to a better state of rffairs. But, sir, it is
not alone in this taxation, it is not alone in sug-
gesting an increase of the tax upon this, that, or
the other article that the difficulty is to be ieme-
died.
1 desire to fix some time for adjournment. If
we cannot fix Monday, let us fix Tuesday. 1
am indifferent about the day. 1 would rather ffx
Monday at twelve o'clock. That will give us
time enough. I have heard it stated that prob-
ably on Monday morning there would not he a
quorum in the House of Representatives; and yet
they have got up this evening a new and import-
ant tax bill founded upon suggestions sent to us
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and those sug-
gestions pethaps founded upon the suggestion of
an interested tax collcctor in the city of New
York.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will correct the Senator
again. The bill pending in the House of Repre-
sentatives is not according to the suggestions of
the Secretary of the Treasury; it is not fomtded
upon the statement of any collector; it is not
founded upon any basis that the Senator has ar-
gued. it is simply a proposition to levy a tax of
five per cent, on incomes to meet the proposed
bounties to soldiers under the new enrollment
law.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand tlicyhave
added to that also a tax upon wnisky on hand.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was not m the meas-
ure as reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means. That has been offered in the form
of an amendment, as I understand, by amember
who does not belong to that committee. The
bill proposed by the Committee ot Ways and
Means—I saw the bill—is simply a bill to piovide
f'oi the bounties piowded for by the jaw we have
passed to-day. That is the only purpose, the
only object of it. It did not raise the points now
raised by the Senator from Missouri. They have
been put on m the form of amendments proposed
byother membi rs from timetotime thisevening.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is not my business
at all. I am not responsible for the House of
Representatives getting up a different bill from
what my friend lromOhio wouldgetup. 1 have no
idea that he would add other articles of taxation
to the bill if he had the manageuientofit; butsuch
I understand to be the fact. IIow does he know
that the House of Representatives will not add a
tax on leaf tobacco? My friend from Massa-
chusetts? sugges's that, flow does lie know that
they will add-a tax on other articles? The Sec-
retary of the Treasury suggests various articles
that should be taxed additionally; and I do not
know that the House ot Representatives will not
do that.
I say, let us adopt a time for adjournment, and |
if the House of Representatives desire to send us 1
a bill increasing the tax either upon income or
upon the pioducts of the soil or upon manufac-
tures, let them get it up at once and send it here.
The thing has been discussed and is thoroughly
understood. But every moment or two now we
take up a new measure, something bringing up a
new discussion and something calculated to keep
us here in this heat. I say we ought to get
through; and it will take us six, eight, or ten days
to consider a measure of this sort. 1 am prepared
to vote upon it the very moment the House of
Representatives send it to us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not suppose there is
any Senator here who, if his public duties re-
quired him to remain, would think of leaving
here if he supposed that by being hero he could
serve the country. Certainly no person is fit to
be here who would shirk the responsibility upon
him and run away, to the detriment of the public
interest. But, sir, what are we doing? At the
very time when this resolution came up, we were
not discussing a measure to raise money, but we
were voting to raise salaries. That is what we
were doing—not getting money into the Treasury
but getting money out of the Treasury; and we
aie engaged m the passage of bills, and have
been most of the time for several days, that will
take laige amounts of money out of the Treas-
ury; and you will have other bills of the same
sort if you remain here.
Sir, we are doing business in a different way
from what I have ever seen it done before near
the close of a session. We are refusing to fix
any day for adjournment. Gentlemen are pro-
testing against'fixing a day; and they say—the
Senator from Massachusetts particularly—that a
tax measure is pending; the people are clamorous
to be taxed. We have been engaged for weeks,
perhaps I may say for months, upon this tax
question, and now the question of taxing whisky
on hand is to be brought up again. Why, sir,
I voted steadily for that from the very commence-
ment; I have always been in favor of it; but I
was voted down. The House of Representa-
tives has repeatedly passed bills imposing a tax
upon whisky on hand and sent them here, and
the very Senators who are talking about holding
on here for the purpose of putting a tax upon
whisky on hand were the very ones that voted
not to do it.
Mr. SUMNER. I was not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps the Senator from
Massachusetts was not; but there was a very
large and decided majority of the Senate opposed
to it; and now you will sit here, forsooth, to see
if the House of Representatives will not send,
you another bill to tax whisky on hand that you
may again vote it down. Is anybody proposing
to change his vote on that subject?
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator from
Minnesota voted with us when it was last here.
His vote was overruled. We would only have
his vote again. We were not able to carry it be-
fore and will not be again.
Mr. SUMNER. We shall have more the next
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do notknow about that.
Where are the recruits? Let us see somebody
who voted against taxing whisky on hand who
is now going to vote for it,
Mr. COIN NESS. I am one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we can get enough we
can put the tax on in a few minutes, i am glad
we are getting converts to the true doctrine; but
I am sorry they should want to hold Congress
through this hot weather to be converted. I hope
it is not the terror of hot places that has brought
about this change of opinion,but cool and delib-
erate consideration.
Mr. CONNESS. I never knew that preachers
abused their converts after making them. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. I am praising
the converts. I hope we may have more of them.
But really it docs seem to me that we had bet-
ter fix upon some day for adjournment, because
I do not think we are doing any good by the legis-
lation that is going on. The very business tlu't
we are engaged in is not to raise money, but
rather to expend money and to appropi iate it. We
have passed several such bills to-night, and hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars will be taken out
of the Treasury by the legislation of this very
