THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May
27,
the service of the pro visional govern ment of Ken-
tucky, and continued in it after the act took ef-
fect, " should be considered as having; expatriated
himself, and that a person might be required to
negative an oath that he had not violated this act
at the polls before he could vote. This is what
is called the expatriation act of Kentucky.
• .1 never made any objection to this law and did
not expect the vote of any person whom it would
reach. The law was" resisted, however, jn the
Kentucky Legislature by some of the ablest men
in it on the ground that it was unconstitutional.
Had this bees the only oath required at the
polls it would have been the height of folly for
me to have urged my claim before this House.
But, sir, military men throughout the whole State
prescribed oaths to suit themselves.
Twenty days before the election the Governor
of the State issued a proclamation simply calling
the attention of the officers of the election to the
expatriation act, and
"Earnestly enjoined and required a smct observance
and enfoicenient of the act ami all otliei lawn ol the State
regulating elections, as being alike due to a faithful dis-
charge of duty, to tUe purity of the elective ftauchise, and
to the soveieign will 01 the people ol Kentucky expressed
through their .Legislature."
This proclamation of the Governor of Ken-
tucky was issued through the purest motives and
through a sense of duty; and I have nothing to
say against it.
But General Burnside takes command of the
department of the Ohio fiesh from his gloiious
victory at Fredt^icksburg., and, as if in sp.te at
the whole world for the useless slaughter of thou-
sands of gallant soldiers at that place, he imme-
diately inaugurates a new regime in Kentucky!
By his General Order No. 38 lie institutes a new
discipline over us. lie bridles the tongue, al-
ready as silent as the grave, in Kentucky; lie
shuts down the hp and places a lock upon it; he
stifles the freedom of speech, atfd seemed as if he
could crush the immortal mind of man for not
bowing to his sovereign will; he strikes at the
aiVecuons of the human heart and drives weeping
women and children from the land of their Imth,
because the dearest objects of their nlfeetions ha\ e
been exiled by the loi tunes of war. Like a mid-
night burglar he breaks open the door of a pcaeo-
able and unoffending citizen, drags him from the
bosom of his family, and exiles him to a foreign
country. These orders come upon us.so thick and
fast that the terror-strieken peoplv of his depart-
ment stand in awe and exclaim, as did the *iiseipit «
of old at the wonders wrought by the iVle.ssiah,
" What manner of man is tins" \vh-> commands
these things, "that even the winds and the sea
obey him ?" "And lo the end is not yet," for not,
satisfied with the limits of his bioad domain, he
reaches to the citiesofNew York and Chicago and
Cincinnati, and with a dash of his pen xuppn-sxrs
the freedom of the press and strikes down the lib-
erties of the people to such an extent that the
President, to his honor be it said, steps forth at
hist and cheeks the reckless eaieer of this mad-
man. May God in his goodness save thesulier-
ing people of Kentucky fiom the tender memes
of such a tyi.int. His piodumation declaiing
martial law in Kentucky, on the 31 st July, su) s:
14 Whereas tin* State of Kentnek)- i-* invaded by a lehel
foice vviih the avowed intention ol overaunu: the judges
of (lie election,of in I inud.uintf thehnal votct- and ket-pnls!
Ihem fiom the poih, and toienm the Hretion of ih^hnal
candidate- ;it the He.'n-m t<> be in-ld on the !!,! ol Anuu-t;
- and whereas the niihuiy povvci ol the Government I*- the
only powet that can d''le,it this attempt, tlx1 State oi Ken-
tiu'ky In reby deelnu-d undci ni>ur<al Irnv, runl all mill
tary aufhoiihes ate leueby commanded to aid the consti-
tuted authorities of the State m Mippmtot the irav- and
tiie puntv ot sutlia^e as defined la me late pn>clamanon
of his Kx'jt'ilcncy Governor Robinson. It i- not the in-
tention of the commanding {rcnenil V niteil*'ie with the
ptopor expression of public opinion,"
The reasons given by General Burnside for de-
claring the State under martial law were false, and
the evidence in this case shows that til'1 geneial
knew they were false. The rebel foice to which
lie ullud s as having imnded the State w< re hut
a small hand of cavalry that came into the State,
ns General Hurnsidc afterwards telegraphed to
General finlleck, " to make a diversion m favoi
of Morgan; ' and this same body of cavalry wet e
actually m retreatand out of the State befoie the
election. This p roc la mat ion was ajn outrage upon
the laws and established usages of the State, and
hasduncari inepaiable injiuy to the Union cause
in Kentucky.
Three days previous to the publication of Gen-
eral 'Burnside's proclamation Colonel John W.
Foster, commanding post at Henderson, in this
district, issues hispronunciamiento upon the sub-
ject, and sends squads of soldiers with his orders
into eight counties in the district, and into almost
every voting precinct in those counties.^
It will be seen by reference to the testimony in
this case that this Colonel Foster was solicited
thus to interfere m the election, and was solicited
by the friends of the sitting member; that this
order was gotten up ancj submitted to the inspec-
tion of the sitting member in this case before it
was issued.
Mr. YEAMAN. IXi 1 understand the gentle-
man to say that the order was submitted to me
before its publication?
Mr. McIiENRY. That is the statement.
Mr. YEAMAN. The statement is not true.
Mr. McHENRY. J t is manifest from the record
that he was induced to make a mysterious visit to
the town of Otvensboio', where the sitting mem-
ber resides, only a few days before the election.
This order was issued and printed in the office of
the paper published in the town and in the interest
of the sitting member, and franked by him over
the district only a few days previous to the election.
This officer was induced to make this mysteri-
ous visit toOwensboio',because lie was solicited
to do so by the ftiends of the sitting member.
Why? Because m the language ofa witness it was
feared that the rebels would attempt to vote, and
that the county would be cairicd against the sit-
ting member. An alarm had arisen in the minds
oftUesitting memberand his friends that ho would
be defeated if the people were allowed to vote;
that a conspiracy had been formed to elect me;
that the people would elect me; and whereas, m
the language of General Burnside, •" the military
force ol the Government is the only power thatcan
defeat this attempt," thorofore Colonel Foster,
General Siiaek!efoul,and others* were appealed to
to stive the countiy hum the fnghtlul conspuacy
Lo overthrow the (government.
These two ollieeix, both subordinate and inferior
to the general commanding the do pa 11 men t, seemed
to have anticipated General Bumside's intention,
and aceoidtngly issued their oideis before the
pioelamution of martial law; and 1 make a point
of military law that this order of General Burn-
side, whether light or wrong, superseded their
orders and rendered them null and void; but it is
a fact that the election in the second district of
Kentucky wa« controlled by the orders of these
subordinate olliceiv, and no attention paid by them
to the ordeis of their superior officer. Sir, I had
t he im is fortune of being dismissed from the Army
for publishing an order to my regiment which
wvk intended to uphold the laws of my State.
These two officers are i etained in the service after
publishing and executing orders which were not
only in violation of the laws of the State, but in
disobedience of the orders of their supenor and
commanding officer.
By tins oath and order, the soldiers at the polls
and officers were required to take an oath that
they "hud not given any aid, assistance, or com-
fmtto any person inarms against the Govern-
ment, that they had demeaned themselves as loyal
citizens in all*things since the beginning of the
present rebellion.
J low stands General Shackleford upon this
question ? Mete are his opinions upon the sub-
ji et. ot' tin* \un , found m a letter written to some
Vriendw in order to explain his views upon the
poll ties of the day. I will thank the Clerk to read
the letter explaining General Shackleford's views.
The Clink read, "as follows:
Maim^onviu,!;, Aptil 28, li-Gl.
(h'stlcmi's. Yuuis ot the ^"Jfh mutant, reque^un^ that
on .Monday next, at your town, 1 should address the citi-
/,' ii^ "i .Muhlenbim* county upon the a!>-oibinjj questions
thai ailcct the houoi uuddeMuiy of Kentucky, \va-> iee*iv<"d
tin- motnnig I icye i e\"eedc>gh that picvmin <*ii^ni;e-
I' iii< ill-- will pi e v cut it i e horn com pi j inu with voui wishes.
!| i'''<i i can a—aire joii thai yon jud're ine arignt when vou
jl s.ty \on doubt not no hnaln to my mmvo Sntr, mid that
I f'ppieciate her tun portion. Anions the mmics ot reso-
lution^ adopt'd by the two convention^ that assembled at
Lorn-vole in J.mudrv KM ,\ou will find the tulknvui:;.
•• /vfo/i cd, That \v<> deplore the evi-tence ot rt {'moil to
be held toj eihei by the -<word,with Kuv< to heentoieedhy
standing annte->. It m not huch a Giuon as our tutheiH m-
ti ndt'd. and not wonh piutei vnni. '
The proof is> now nvc-rv\ helium?, that if we arc lo have
any fmther Union it w to be just such a Union a> the two
parties m convention as&embled} in January last, de-
nounced as not being Mich a Union as our fathers intended,
and not woith preserving. And the action of the conven-
tions was subsequently indorsed by the member or the
parucs throughout the State. I ask it any mcmborofeither
of«¥he conventions, or any one who indorsed their action,
can now mdon«e a Union to be held together by tlie j woid,
and that in the hand of Lincoln, with Black Il^publiean
laws enforced by standing armies. T anfcwei emphatically,
for one, I never will. It is nowheio to be found in the en-
tire proceedings of the conventions that Kentucky ever
contemplated any other position than that a-sijmed her by
mteiot, honor, and liatme—and that i- with the South.
In proof of this i leforyou to the sixth resolution, vvlucii ib
as follows;
"Resolved, That if this anti-slavery p.'utv should in-
crease m strength and be able to carry out its purpose in
T'-ie use of the Federal Government, the  5outh (not that
Kentucky will take a neutial position) ha.? ample meant* of
resistance, and is fully able at any time to icsi.-t unconsti-
tutional agsiession5:," &e.
Pioving '-onelu-ively that the recently dNcovied safety
for our pi oud and noble Common wealth in an {: ai ni'-d m.-u -
trality" was not once thought of.
In a speech I made before the Union convention,(then
assumed the position that if all hope should b£ lo-t, and
the issue should be an issue between the North and South,
that, lor weal or woe, my destiny wa< fnmiv and inevita-
bly linked with that of my native youth. That i-v-aie has
been made, and I stand ready to jodeein my pledge
I have made this lettci much longer than i had contem-
plated, but I find my apology in the intense nueie-t f tcel
in these gieat questions. It will afloid me much ple.u-uie
to meet with you on some future occasion, and addiess
your people upon the>e momentous Mibjects.
You will please accept my warmest gratitude, gentle-
men, lor the eomplimentaty manner in which you have
been pleased to use my name in collin etion with then* gieat
interests, and of the position I occupy in the c.-ieem ol
joui people, whom i have evei loved.
I have the honor to lemain your obedient servant.
J. M. SHACKLE FORI).
And it is a well-known fact that he commenced
his military career by starting to recruit a regi-
ment for the southern army and nearly succeeded,
when he was diverted from his couise and laised
one, as I did, for the Federal service. The men,
however, that he had raised for the rebel atmy
went South; and I make the statement jis a fart
that this very man did more for the rebel cause in '
the early stage of the rebellion than any man in
the southern portion of the Stale. He returned to
his loyalty, and has done much to repair the in-
jury he had effected; but I cannot see why this
new-fledged loyal man could not appreciate the
feelings of those who like him had stiay<d fiom
then loyalty and desired to return to it, but were
prevented from it by the oath prescribed by him
for them to take, and his officers, placing such a
construction upon it as would have disfranchised
the very author of the oath and order, and which
lie could not have taken without perjury ?
Under these circumstances, sir, I ask how was
it possible to have a fair, legal, or a constitu-
tional election ? But the gentleman contends that
it was a quiet and peaceable election. Bn,itwas
quiet; it was a peaceable election. Tin ic never
was in the history of the Commonwealth a more
peaceable and quiet day in Kentucky than the 3d
of August, 1HG3. The declaration of martial law
by General Burnside in Kentucky, for the pur-
pose of" sustaining the purity of the elective fran-
; cluse," cast a pall of gloom and darkness over
| that State which caused peace and quiet to reign
j supreme that day; which hangs over it yet.
This declaration of martial law gave an un-
bridled license to eveiy soldier throughout the
State to set the State laws at defiance and run
tough-shod over the rights of the people. On
election day 1 visited two different voting pre-
cincts ju my county; the judges at one place, both
of whom were supporters of mine, told me that
they were afraid to act contrary to the military
orders, because the State was under martial law.
| At another I was'boldly told that the State was
j under martial law, and thatcivil law had nothing
j to do with their actions. At one of these places
fiiends of mine could only be allowed to vote by
| taking an oath to support the policy of the present
Administration, and when I protested against u
was threatened with punishment if I did not go
away, it was at this place, that Crather, (page
j 15,) a respectable citizen of our county, tesii-
! lies that he saw old men dome forward to vote,
; oiler to take any oath prescribed by the con-
j stituuon or laws of the State oi United States,and
| were dnven away With tears m their eyes; tears!
! The human heart in its struggles must find relief,
! and it does so often in tears. It is not an indica-
I tion of weakness to weep; it is manly to weep.
•'A child may weep at a bramble's smart;
A maid to sec bei lovei pait;
Hut woe unto a country when
fcMio sees the tears of bearded men.*
