1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2031
In one instance the poll-book was taken pos-
session of by the commanding officer of a squad
of soldiers, and .the election broken up, and he
positively prohibited the people from voting at
all. ft is not necessary for me to refer the House
to tfte various outrages winch did occur, and
which are in proof in this case, but simply to
refer them to it, and ask of them a careful con-
sideration of it.
The Constitution provides that cach House o'f
Congress Khali be the judge of the election, quali-
fication, and return of us own members. Now, 1
ask the question, was this sublime farce under
which the sitting member in this case holds his
seat an election? If so, was it such an election
of the people as the Constitution and laws of the
country intended, by which members were to be
sent to this House ?
The election throughoutKentucky wasso much
interfered with by the military as, in my opin-
ion, to vitiate the gubernatorial election of the
State. Far better had it been for our party to
have elected the whole WicklifTc ticket m Ken-
tucky than to have secured the election of our
candidates by a resort to such unconstitutional,
illegal, and violent means as disgraced the State
sf Kentucky on 3d August, 1863.
Sir, two years ago, when that aged and honor-
able man who was recently defeated for Gov-
ernor in Kentucky, took his scat in this House
as a Repiesentative of Kentucky, no man ju this
House commanded more respect, and no one was
more entitled to it. Ho was peculiarly situated.
Almost all of his numerous talented and accom-
plished family hud taken sides with the rebellion,
but this sundering of family ties and affections
did not affect thenobleold patiiotin his devotion
to the Constitution and the duty which he owed
to his Government, to the pure principles of
which he had* devoted a large portion of his life,
and to the support and maintenance of which he
had contributed as much as had his distinguished
colleague and contemporary who has been gath-
ered to his fathers since the adjournment of the
last Congress.
Sir, there was not a Kentuckian who did not
feel proud at seeing these two old men eloquent,
these honored relics of the olden times, these rep-
resentatives of opposite political parties, and
these rival politicians of half a century, these
veterans who had been called from their retire-
ment, whither they hud gone to spend the few
days that were yet allotted to them in peace and
quiet,"called by the spontaneous voice of the peo-
ple once more to assist our country in its present
desperate struggle.
in obedience to that call, laying aside the pre-
judices of the past and thinking only of the fu-
ture, they thought not of honor, of party, of
conquest, of subjugation, of interfering with the
rights or established institutions in the States,
but of their country, their whole country, the
mriintaining of the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion and of sustaining the dignity, rights, and
equality of the several Stales unimpaired.
Sir, 1 know not which is to be the more regret-
ted, the actual loss of the one, or the wholesale,
systematic, unjust, and villainous attempt on the
part of a faction in Kentucky to tarnish and in-
jute the fair fame and unsullied reputation of this
oldest and noblest of Uvmg Kentucky patriots.
If there is anything that would bring ihe bui ning
blush of shame to the face of the admirer of free
speech and free ehetion—those bulwarks of con-
stitutional government and popular liberty—it
would be the insult to him at Shelbyville on the
part of Federal,soldiers, upon his attempting to
address his fellow-citizens, by dispersing the
crowd, preventing him addreasmgthe people, and
threatening to shoot him, or the still greater in-
dignity perpetrated upon him, as a candidate, and
our {State, m Bardstown, on the 3d of August,
1863.
It may be asked why the defeated candidate
for Governor m Kentucky did not contest his
election. In answer I would say that he was de-
barred from it by a provision in the constitution
"that the candidate receiving the highest number
of legal votes given'5 should be declared to be
selected. The contest is tried by the Legislature,
and in that whole body 1 believe there are but
three members who are political friends of Mr.
JWicklifFe, and as they were not allowed to vote
Tor him as citizens at the polls, they therefore
could not expect to accomplish anything for him
as representatives.
The constitution of Kentucky provides that
" all elections shall be free and equal," and the
Constitution of the United States provides that
each House of Congress shall be the judge of the
election returns and qualifications of its own mem-
bers. It is as much your duty to uphold the con-
stitution of Kentucky as it is to uphold the Consti-
tution which you have sworn to support. There
is no conflict between the two. In fact-the one
is dependent upon the other, and in takingan oath
to maintain the otie you necessarily take the other
under your sworn protection. Then this election
shall be free and equal. Now I ask this House^
was it " free and equal" to scratch my name from
the poll-book without any authority from me, and"
allow that of my opponent to remain undisturbed ?
Was it" fiee and equal" to station soldiers around
the polls who challenged the votes, and^drove
from the polls men who desired to vote for me and
no interruption offered to any one who desired to
v«to for him? Was if " free and equal" formili-
i tary officers to issue orders only a few days before
the election declaring that no man should be voted
for unless he advocated certain political principles?
Was it " free and equal" for the military author-
ities'to forcibly take possession of the poll-book
and take it off, and never return the book to the
clerk's office, where the law says the poll-books
are to be kept? Was it " free and equal" to ar-
rest men after they had complied with all the re-
quirements of the military and had voted for me?
Was it " free and equal" foi threatening to arrest
men if they did vote? Was it " free and equal"
for impressing the hordes of men because ihey
voted a particular ticket? Was it" freeandequal"
for tiie sitting member in tins case to use the pi ivi-
lego granted him by this House to fiank these
illegal military orders to diileieiit counties in the
district for the put pose of carrying his election
fraudulently ? Was it " fiee and equal" for my
friends to be shot down in the street for cheering
for me, while whole companies of soldiers and
Komeguaids cheered for him unmolested? Was
jt"free and equal" to grant' unauthorized fur-
loughs to huge numbers of soldieiswith instruc-
tions that any soldier who voted for me should
.get no more pay, while soldieis of my former
regiment who weic unanimously for me wt-ie not
allowed to come homo? Was it" free and eqiffd"
to require an oath at the polls of voters that they
would " support the policy of the present Federal
Administration ?" Was it " free and equal" to re-
quire one oath at one voting precinct and a different
oath atanothcr ? Was it" bee and equal" to close
the pt*ils before the time required by law, and thus
prevent many ofmy friends from voting? VVasit
'■ fiee and equal"lor Gcneial l urnside todeclaie
martial law m Kentucky on the ground that the
State was invaded by a rebel fotce, with the
avowed intention ofoveiawing the judges ot the
election, intimidating and keeping legal voters
fiom the polls, &e , and the second day after tele-
graph to General flalleck that the same rebel force
had left the State and had come into Kentucky for
the purpose of making a diversion m favor of
Moigan? Can any election thus conducted be
free and equal, and can any member of tins House
thus stultify reason and good sense by allowing
himself to come to any othorconclusion than that
it was, in the intention titfd meaning of the found-
ers of the Constitution, no election at all, and no
fairness and no equality about it? If such elec-
tions as this are " free and equal," then I begof
you to do away with the foim and cercmony of
the election and allow the general commanding
the depai tnienr to save the people the expense and
trouble of an election, but let him designate and
appoint the individuals whom he desires for the
various offices, and so far as my district is con-
cerned I asbuie you that a majmity of the people
w5ll bg as satisfactorily represented as they aie
at the present time.
There is another provision in the constitution
of Kentucky providing that the privilege of the
right of suffrage shall be supported by laws reg-
ulating elections, and "prohibiting, under ade-
quate penalties, all undue influences thereon from
bribery, tumult, and other improper practices."
Now, certainly the spirit of this provision would^
show a disposition on the part of the founders ot
the State constitution not to have any such elec-
tions as the one to which I object—an evident de-
sire to protect the purity of the elective franchise
so as to bring out a free and unbiased expression
of public will. While the Legislature of Ken-
tucky has very properly provided for punishing
persons guilty of the violation of the laws Jugu-
lating the elections, qualifications of voters, &c.,
yet it makes no provision that the validity of the
election shall in any manner be effected. I made
an unsuccessful attempt to induce the judiciary
in my district to take this matter in hand, and
appealed to the judge to instruct the grand jury to
inaictsuch persons who had interfered with the
elective franchise, and who had refused to allow
legal and qualified voters to exercise this right;
but upon my attempting to make a statement to
the grand jury, I found that the friends of my op-
ponent had been ahead of me,and hadnearlysuc-
ceeded in inducing the grand jury to indict me,
because I had protested against the outrage that
was being committed against the laws of the land
by virtue of the order of his most royal highness
" Colonel John W. Foster, commanding post at
Henderson."
Yes, sir, to such a system of terrorism have we
been reduced in Kentucky, that even the high
judgesj)f the court, whose duty is simply to ex-
pound the law and say to the civil officers of the
State, Jta lex scripta est) are forced to yield to this
higher law of a temporary military commander,
as if it wtrs a settled question of years as .the law
of the land.
These threats, military orders, the appearance
of soldiers at the polls, had the effect to drive men
from my support who would otherwise have
voted for me; others were deterred from voting
by the knowledge that they would be required to
take an illegal oath, or would be insulted or pre-
vented fioin voting if they even attempted. (See
Hlair's deposition.)
An instance well known in our county will
illustrate the influence under which the people
acted on that day.
The gentleman contends that all the rebels
voted for me; butthere is a case notorious in our
county wheie one of the most influential and
notorious rebels in the precinct in which he lives
told a Union man (hat his horses would be im-
piesscd if he voted for McIIenry; that he, the
rebel, would vote for Yeaman; and a short time
after, when this Union man's horse was taken
because he voted for me, the rebel reminded him
of the neighborly warning lie had given him, and
said, " 1 was smart enough to save my property;
1 voted for Yeaman."
Sir, it is unnecessary for me to proceed any
further in mentioning instances which show the
manner in which the e-lection in the second dis-
trict of Kentucky was conducted. It is a fact
as well known to the country as it is that there
is a contest about it.
It may be asked, why is it that other contest-
ants from Kentucky are not here also contest-
ing their seats? Had any of the distinguished
gentlemen who were candidates in Kentucky at
the last election thought proper to lay this matter
befoic I would have been satisfied. But I
pr< sumo that in no part of Kentucky was the
military interference so great as to vitiate the
whole election, as in the firstand second districts.
The gentleman in the first district had been ar-
rested for being a candidate and advocating dif-
ferent political views from Colonel Foster, and
theie was no reason why hecould not be arrested
for contesting his election. But, sir, there is one
thing 1 have""never feared, and that is to be ar-
rested by any order from the Government. I have
done too much for my country in this struggle
for the chaige of disloyalty to be maintained
against me; and as one who feels that he is dis-
charging a solemn duty, I have laid this matter
before you, under the clear and solemn conviction
that had the election in Kentucky been held in
accordancc with the laws and usages of the
State, I believe honestly, and will till my dying
day, that I would have been triumphantly elected.
1 propose now briefly to allude to the " facts,
laws, and principles" upon which the sitting mem-
ber in this case "claims and rests' the validity of
his election." He says:
1. The electron was held and conducted accord-
ing to the Constitution and laws of the United
States and of the State of Kentucky.
I have shown that it was not, and I have also
shown that the ConSHtution and laws of the United
