1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
burne, William B. Washburn, Williams, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodimdge—80.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the passage of tire resolution.
Mr. ASHLEY. By unanimous consent I desire
to make a suggestion. I propose thatthe House,
by unanimous consent, permit the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] to make his speech, and the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] to reply,
after which the vote shall be taken without arty
further debate, or the entertaining of dilatory mo-
tions.
Mr. PENDLETON. Another gentleman upon
this side [Mr. Pruyn] desires to speak. I hope
the gentleman will include him in his proposi-
tion, and it will be satisfactory to this side of the
House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suggest an amendment to
the proposition, without which I shall be com-
pelled to object. It is that the subject shall then
be hud over until some day fixed upon in the next
week.
Mr. COX. That will be more satisfactory upon
this side. Will the gentleman name the day?
Mr. ASHLEY, if theie is no objection upon
the part of the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, that will be agreeable to me, with the
understanding thatthe gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Blaiu] shall first occupy the flour, the geu-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] shall reply,
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Pruyn] shall
follow, and the debate be closed by some gentle-
man upon this side, and that after that the vote
shall be taken without further debate or dilatory
motions.
Mr. STEVENS. In my judgment the right
time for action has arrived, and I will make a prop-
osition; that is, that a vote of a majority of this
House shall rule, and I consent to nothing else.
Mr. VOORHEES. We accept tlmt. The rules
of this House shall govern, and we will avail our-
selves of them.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
question recurs on the passage of the joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move that the House
adjourn, and upon that I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers upon
the yeas and nays.
Tellei s were 01 tiered; and Mr. Orth, and Mr.
Steele of New Jersey, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-three; a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH. I ask permission of the House
to make a single statement.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 object.
Mr. COX. I move that when the House ad-
journs it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. PENDLETON. Upon that I demand the
yeas arid nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for tellers upon
the yeas and nays.
Teilprs were ordered; and Mr. Thayer and Mr.
Pendleton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-nine; not a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ over until Monday; and u wasnotugteed to.
The question recurred on the motion that the
House adjourn, upon which the yeas and nays
had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yens 5S, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—MesM*. J.unes C. Allen, William J. A!l< n, An-
cona, lili-ss,.Iannis. Brown, Chanler, Collnnb,Cox, Daw-
son, Dennif*on, tiden, Cidiid^'', Puitk.
IIai i m«*fon. Benjamin (•■ Il.tri is, llolnmp, Ilnieii-
iiiS William Johnson, Kalbflei-oli, Knapp, Le Mond, Lou:,',
Mallory, Marev, McDowell. McKinney, Middicton, Wil-
li, un fl. Miller, James. U. Mora*, Morrison, Nelson, Noble,
Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, 1'enj , Iladloid, Samuel J.
Randall. Robinson. lto<rrr , Jann^ S. Unllm*, Uo^, Scott.
Stiouse, Vooihf'e^ VYfieelei, <;btH<>n A. White, Joseph W.
Winf1, Wmfiold, and Fcinnndn Wood—r>!l
NAYS—Mest-is. Alley, Allison, Amu*, Anrtei^on, Ar-
nold, Ashley, l>«uly, Juhn I). Baldwin, li.ixtei, iieaman, Ja-
cob B. Iila.ii« Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Uiandt^-e, Biooniall.
William G.'Brown, Ambiosc W. ('lark. Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Col'', Cieswell. Thomas* T. Davi-5, Da<vo<, Deming,
Donnelly, Driijgs, Eliot, Feniun, Fuink, Guifiyld, Gooeli,
Giinneli, Hale, Ihgby, Hooper, Hoteliki--, A^ahol W.
Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Joncko?, Julian, Kellev, Fran-
cis \V. Kellojrj;, hon^jear, Marvin, McBiide, JV&Clurg,
Mefndoe, yainuel F. Millar, Moorhoml, Morrill, Daniel
Moiris, Amos Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Ortli, Pat-
terson, IVrbatn, Pomcroy, William H. Randall, Alexander
IJ. Rice, John II. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Sclienck,Sco-
fiold, Shannon,Sloan, Smith, Hmithers,Spalding, Stevens,
Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Van Vaj,kexiburgh, Ehhu
B. Wasdiburne, William B. Wa^hhuin, Webster, YVhaley,
Williams, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbiidge—85.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Is it now in order to move
to lay the joint resolution on the table?
The SPEAXCER. it is not. That motion has
been rejected at this stage of the bill, and cannot
be renewed under the rule.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. - Then I move that when
the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, called for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. J. C. Allen,
and Kellogg of New York, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
fifty-one in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 51, nays 79; as follows:
YE\S—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Alien, An-
cona, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bli&s, Biooks, William G.
Brown, Clianlei, Coflfroth,Cox, Denmsou, Eden, Edgeiton,
Eldudgo, Finck, Hoirick, llohnan, WilliamJohnson, Knlb-
tleivch. Ka^oiijIOng, Law, LeBlond,Mallory,Marey,Mc-
Dowell, MoKinnev, Middleton, William II. Miller, James
It. Morris, Morn-son, Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendle-
ton, Porrv, Pruyn, Radioid, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers,
JamesS. Rollins, Scott, WilliamG. Steele, Strouse, Voor-
hees, Web-tei, Wheeler, Clnlton A. White, Joseph W.
White, Winfiold,nnd Fernando Wood—51
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Alli-on, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley,John D. Baldwin, Baxtei, Beamun, Jacob B. Blair,
Blow, Boutwell, Boy d, Bicindegee, Bioomall, Ambrose W.
t'huk, Clay, Cobb, Cole, Cre^well. Dawes, Doming, Don-
nelly, Diiggs Eliot, Fenton, Fiank, Garfield,Gooch, Grin-
nell, Iiale, Higby, Hooper, Hotcbkisss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
John II. llubbatd, IJulbuid, Jeijckes, Julian, Francis W.
Keltogij, Orlando Kellogg, Longynar, Marvin, McIJnde,
Me('lurg, Samuel F. Mtllei,Mooihead,Morrill,DanielMor-
iis>, Anns Myeis, Noiton, Charles, O'Neill, Oith, Patterson,
IVihatn. Ponx'roy, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Rice,
John 11. Rice. Edward II. Rollins, Schcnek, Seofield, Shan-
non, Sloan, Smith, Smitbers, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer,
Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenbuigh, Ehhu B. Wa^bbumo, Wil-
liam'B. Washburn. Whaiey, Williams, Wilson, Wmdom,
and Woodbridge—"9.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 ask unanimous consent of
the House to submit a proposition. [Cries of " Go
on !"1
Mr. SPALDING. 1 object.
Mr. GRIIJER. I hope I will be allowed to
make a suggestion to the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move that the House
do now adjourn; and oil that motion 1 call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. FRANK eallcd for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Frank and
J. C. Allen were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
thiity-nine in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mt. WILSON. 1 desire with the consent of
the House to submit a proposition. [Cries of" Go
on!" and "No objection!"] My proposition is
that the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blaiu] and
the gentii man from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] be
allowed to make their speeches, and that immedi-
ately thereafter the vote be taken on the passage
of (he joint resolution.
Mr. VOORHEES. We will accept no propo-
sition of the kind unless it includes the gentleman
fiom New Yoik,[.Mi. Pruyn.] It is an insult to
this side of the House to make such a proposition.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Will the gentleman from
Iowa tiermit me to make n suggestion?
Mr.* WILSON. Certainly:
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Pruyn] desires to have an opportunity
of speaking, and if lie be allowed to make his
speech we "will consent that a gentleman on the
other side may leply, and then there will be no
objection on this side to have the vote taken on
the joint resolution at any time that may be sug-
gest! d.
Mr. WILSON. I do notaslt for this side ofthe
House any piiviiegeof that kmdtand for this rea-
son; this side of the House maintained the call
for the previous question on the resolution. My
desire is in submitting this proposition toadvanfee
the business of the House, and I think we can
close up action on this resolution sooner unjler
the proposition that I have submitted than we can
by permitting these dilatory motions' to go on.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from New York
informs me that ho only wants half an hour to
speak. If the gentleman from Iowa will include
that time in his agreement, there will be no objec-
tion to his proposition.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to letting
the gentleman from New York have half an hour.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Then we will consent to
that.
Mr. WILSON. And immediately thereafter
the vote is to be taken on the resolution without
further debate or dilatory motinns.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN, (and several other members
on the Democratic side.) Yes, that is the under-
standing.-* *
Mr. ANCONA. I wish to understand when
the vote is to be taken.
Members on both sides. To-day, to-day.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to that
arrangement? [Aftera pause.] Tlie Chair hears
none. Thegentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair]
has the floor. The Chair understands the gentle-
man from Illinois to withdraw his motion to ad-
journ, as a dilatory motion.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Yes, sir, I withdraw the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, there
is abundant evidence that the end of this wielsed
rebellion is near at hand, and that peace on afirm
and enduring basis will soon return to our afflicted
land. The triumphs of our arms, the depression
and outspoken discontent among the rebels them-
selves, the respectful bearing of the great Powers
of Europe, and the all-pervading confidence of our
own people,are the harbingers of the approaching
peace which will makeus a reunited nation. The
great body of our people have from the beginning
looked with unshaken confidence to this result.
Neither the disasters which have at times fallen
upon our armies, nor the exultations of foreign ri-
vals and domestic traitors, nor the gloomy fore-
bodings of faint-hearted friends, northe ill-judged
policy which has sometimes prevailed, have for
one single moment shaken the faith of the nation
in its great destiny to rule supreme on this conti-
nent.
What remains to be done is to fill up the ranks
of our armies to encounter the expiring efforts of
the desperate and despairing traitors, and to fix
the terms upon which the States which have been
in insurrection may resume their allegiance to the
Government. The first duty is pressing and per-
emptory; and I rejoice to see that all parties, with
very rare exceptions, are prompt and jealous in
its performance. The second duty presents many
and great difficulties, and calls upon all for the ex-
ercise of the utmost forbearance and moderation.
It is of paramount importance to the permanent
peace of the country that these difficulties should
be met and solved in a statesmanlike manner, and
that we should not approach a question of such
vast moment in a vindietive or acrimonious spirit.
1 deem it most fortunate that the people of the
country—the same brave and magnanimous peo-
ple who have borne with such fortitude the sore
trials through which the nation has passed—must
be consulted on the terms of this settlement of our
difficulties, and that their voice will finally decide
upon the various schemes which have been or may
be proposed. 1 think it fortunate, also, that the
moment is near at hand when these different
schemes must be submitted to the popular arbi-
trament in the approaching presidential election;
because I believe in the aphorism of Senator Ben-
ton, that "our troubles come from the uneasy poli-
ticians and our safety from the tranquil masses."
My hope for wisdom and moderation m the decis-
ion of these great issues is from the salutary in-
fluence which responsibility to the people exerts
over all who exercise their power.
Already it seems to me that this salutary influ-
ence has made itself felt and is gradually and al-
most imperceptibly working out a satisfactory
solution of our troubles. The resolve which our
people of all political parties have evinced to main-
tain their Government and preserve the integrity
of its territory, at any cost and at whatever sac-
rifice it may require, has not only had Its effect
