510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
vjpon our enemies in the field, in the destruction
and rout of their armies and the occupation of
their territories, but it has wrought a greater vic-
tory if possible, in that revolution of sentiment
which is preparing for us a lasting peace upon the
ruins of that institution which was the cause of
aur disquietude. The determination of the people
to maintain their Government by the sacrifice of
everything which threatened its existence, has
with unerring instinct marked for destruction the
system of slavery as the cause of all our woe.
Thousands who in former years did not believe
in the dangerous tendencies of the system have
been convinced by the deplorable events of the last
few years, and no human power can now reverse
the decree.rendered by a public sentiment which
is almost universal.
There is some discussion as to the authority of
the President under the Constitution to make cer-
tain proclamations, giving effect to public senti-
ment upon this subject, i shall not pause to de-
bate this question. 1 have heard enough and seen
enough to convince me that if any other sanction
or guarantee is required if will not be withheld.
If a constitutional prohibition of slavery in all the
States and Territories of the Union is considered
essential, it will be conceded by the consent of the
southern States themselves; and if I am notgreotly
mistaken such an amendment will be supported
by the Democratic party of the nonhern States as
soon as it is seen that it is desired by the Union
men of the South. The President, m my judg-
ment, expressed more clearly the sense of the en-
tire nation in his proclamations than was supposed
by either those who most applauded or those who
denounced the act. The pledge which he gave to
use all his efforts to compensate the loyal owners
of slaves, which was ignoied by one class and dis-
trusted by the other, was, in my opinion, the pledge
of the nation, and will be redeemed. It was an act
too grand and noble to be stained by any leaven of
injustice or dishonesty.
If the judgment of the nation in condemning
slavery as the cause of the rebellion is coirect,
and i am not mistaken in the bfclief that it is irrev-
ocably doomed to destruction, (hen it is safe to
assume that the great obstacle to the restoration
of the Union has been substantially removed, and
that as our victorious armies advance, driving back
into narrower limits the oiganized armies of the
rebels, the States will resume their places in the
Union which has rescued them from usmpation,
purged by their own consent of that element which
alone supplied a motive for disunion.
I am well aware that many do not assent to this
mode of settlement for our difficulties and for the
restoration of the Union; but I believe that this
is the plan which the people have resolved upon,
and which is now working itself out in spite of
opposition from men of ability and influence who
take a different view of the question. The Pres-
ident has unquestionably nmiked out this policy,
and in so doing has the sanction and suppoit of
a vast majority of the loyal people of the country.
The discussion upon the pending resolution
has brought out very distinctly the grounds of
opposition to this policy,and disclosed the quar-
ter from which that opposition comes. The prop-
osition is simply to repeal the joint resolution of
the last Congiess by which the confiscation of
landed estates of persons in rebellion was limited
to the life of the offender; but it makes a distinct
issue with the Piesident upon one point of the
policy he has adopted for his guidance, and which
he has made known m the most solemn and au-
thentic manner; and'the debate upon it has dis-
closed a determination upon the part of leading
men of his own paity to make an issue witii him
upon all points of his policy, and either compel
hnn to yield or to divide the party which has
hitherto supported him.
To the President is confided the whole military
power of the country to save us Government
from overthrow by rebellion. Those who wage
war to accomplish that overthrow commit treason.
The punishment for that crime on conviction
it is expressly declared in the Constitution shall
be prescribed by Congress; but itis provided that
" no attainder of treason shall ivork corruption of
blood, or forfeiture except during the life of the per-
son attainted." Capita] punishment, the death
penalty, in this as in other countiits, has been
in all time applied to treason. The head that plots
and attempts the destruction of the Government
is always forfeited to the society that looks to its
Government for preservation. In England arid
other monarchies condemnation for ueason not
only forfeits the head but the landed as well as
personal estate of the offender.
This visited the sin of the traitor upon his in-
nocent heirs, and was the device of monarchy to
hedge around their life and crown by superadding
to the terror in conspirators the fear of sacrificing
the dignities, influence, and wealth of their pos-
terity by the loss of inheritance, imputing it to
corruption of blood to degrade a race and name.
The motives of monarchs prompting such unjust
and cruel inflictions upon blameless and helpless
heirs of one condemned to expiate by death the
offense imputed to him do not belong to our Re-
public. It does not, like the crowned head, ap-
prehend that the stroke of an assassin may term-
inate, with one life, the safety and peace of a
people. Nor has it favorites to pamper with the
estates of victims whom they may conspire to sac-
rifice as traitors to quiet the fears of a dynasty
into whose ear they whisper. Multitudes of illus-
trious public men have perished and their families
been ruined under the Governments from which
our laws have been mainly derived, upon con-
structive, unfounded, or ill-proved charges of
treason, originating in the desire of the reigning
favorites of the court to destroy those whom they
have supplanted, and to create suppoi t for them-
selves and their followers by the confiscation of
the estatesof rivals whom their intrigues brought
to the block.
It was these horrid tragedies of the English
history of treasons that induced the authors of
our Constitution to insert so precise a definition
of treason; and in providing for its punishment to
declare " it should noticork corruption of blood, or
forfeiture cxccpt during the life of the person at-
tainted.The fn st act of Congress passed in vir-
tue of this article prescribed the punishment of
death for tieason, and added the exception m the
woids of the Constitution in supeiabundant cau-
tion to exclude by legislative enactment the con-
sequence of a condemnation of treason which the
common law of England had drawn with it as a
pai t of the code of our country.
The Federalist—the work of Jay, Hamilton,
and Madison—a more authoritative commentary
on our Constitution than Blackstone's on thelaws
of England, had pointed to this article as a bar to
such congressional interpretation as was given m
the bill submitted for the Piesident's approval at
the last session. Itwas the security given by the
Constitution to save the unoffending heirs of con-
demned criminals from that forfeiture of estates
so apt to be voted m heated paity times by parlia-
mentary majorities, and so the sages of the Fed-
eralist say tin; clause meant to abate the mischief
by the limitation to "the life of the person attainted."
The Preeident entei tamed the v lew of this pro-
vision sanctioned by Congress and all the jurists
of the country up to the passage of the bill pre-
sented to him by the last Congt ess. Then he was
constrained to express the opinion contained in
the message in which he communicated his ica-
sons for appt o ving that bill, because itwas coupled
with the enactment of a resolution embodying the
teuns of the constitutional limitation, jjut now
it is attempted to lepeal the lesolution which ad-
justed the conflicting views of the executive and
legislative departments in icgard to the confisca-
tion act, and if successful m Congress, tin* de-
mand is to be made of the President that he re-
sign his constitutional convictions, and sti ike fiom
the law what he denned essential to make it com-
patible with the Constitution and his oath to sup-
ports. And how is this demand justified? There
stands the letter and spititof the Constitution,
an insurmountable obstacle to concession on the
paitof the X3resident; but the new-fangled doc-
trmanes seeing the hopelessness of straining the
simple tei ins of the Constitution to justify the ex-
tension of confiscation " beyond the life of the per-
son attainted,"' nevertheless now urge expedients
to accomplish that object. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] presents tins aspect of the .
conscription act: i
" We take ti]  the act to winch this joint resolution ap- \
phes, we find lliat a nnv punishment lor treason io given '
bv ilie ta^t C'ontji Tiea-on it punched u ith do.Uti; and
It pro\ u'ed mar the iW'MwIli \ -lav.-. it thejo bu unv, shall
be lice. Hei e may h" the pinch aitei ail. it L< in the dis- !
eretion of the court whether he --"hail be impnsoned tor
not Jc33 than five jeuirf, and lined not less than ten thou-
sand dollars, and his slaves, if any, shall be fiee.' Let ua
paue-e to liiquue what would be the io>ult if a pei.-on should
be apprehended and brought before the couit (or tiea^on,
and the couit should under the discretion given by this en-
actment instead of taking the lne of the offender unpti&on
him for five veais and fine him in a sum of not les* than
ten thousand'dollars. Would not that be levied on the real
estate of the offender? And if that ica! estate did not
amount to more than ten thousand dollars would it not be
taken in perpetuity to answer the.fines?"
The gentleman settles his own question affirma-
tively, and adds:
" It seems, then, the same thins in substance to the offender
found in arms against the Government to take his lands in sat-
isfaction of the fine, and to confiscate his lands, goods, and
chattels."
The gentleman from Ohio comes to this con-
clusion notwithstanding he concurs with Judge
Story's opinion that confiscation of real estate for
treason cannot extend " beyond the life of the per-
son attainted." So he would attain his object, in
contravention of that of the Constitution, by al-
tering phrases in the law, and using the words
" levying a fine and selling the estate in perpetuity''
instead of confiscation, which he says are in sub-
stance the same thing, and thus he defeats the
purpose ofthe Constitution,which Jay,Hamilton,
and Madison in the Fcdcrahstsay was " restrain-
ing the Congress even in punishing it (treason ) from
extending the consequences of guilt beyond the per-
son of its author 55 This is a little touch of old
Polonius's craft, "by indirections to find diiec-
tions out."
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] followed suit to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spalding] indisposing of the President and
the Constitution. On rising he said, "The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sfalding] has said nearly
all I intended to say upon this subject." From
this we may infer that he adopts the plan of making
the penally of death and levying a fine and sell-
ing in perpetuity the estate of a person attainted
by treason, accomplish what a parliamentary at-
tamderdid in England, and that in defiance ofthe
Constitution.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania is too
daring and resolute to rest the sweeping measuies
he aims at on such narrow footing, lie goes for
conquest, and while giving a passing smile to the
Polonius scheme of circumvention, marches on to
achieve greater results than can come of mere con-
fiscation of rebel estates. He treats with scorn
the idea that the States held m duress by the rebel
militai y power have any right to look to our laws
and Constitution for protection. Yet he knows
this power was installed by the Buchanan Ad-
ministration, by giving the arms, the foits, and
munitions of war of the nation1 to the Knights of
the Golden Circle in the South, constitutinga se-
cret standing army to compel the unarmed citizens
to submit to secession, and that thus the Fedeial
Government surrendered to rebel usurpation States
it was bound to protect. With a sneer he says:
" Some think that thct-c States arc ^till in the Union and
entitled to the protection of the Constitution and t tie laws
oi the United States," Sec.
This he scouts, and thus comes to what he holds
i to be the true doctiine:
i " Otluns hold that, having committed treason, ienounced
1 tin a ail'-Kiancctotlio Union,djs-caided ii1- (.'on-utuiion and
j ian'--, oiganized a'dwtnyt and hostile government, and by
! foi ce ot utnw having risen nom the condition ot li^uigentsi
! !o the position ot ao independent Poorer de and having
been acknowledged as a hclliqeicnt both by foreign nations
and our own Government, the Constitution and iawsot the
Union aie abrogated hO tai a  Ihcj are concerned, andthat,
a* between the two belligerents-, they are under the lawsot
wai and the laws of nations alone, and that which eves Power
eonqueis may heat the vanquished as eonqueied provinces,
and may impo>e upon thein such conditions and laws as it
may deem l>< ^t.''
Upon this theory he assumes that the Govern-
ment will punish the leading traitois, seize their
lands and estates, sell them m fee simple, pay the
pioceeds into the national Treasury, <£c., and
then he answers the objections to the doctrine he
broaches for us, founded enthely upon that which
JefF. Davis and his confederates rely to maintain
the stand they have taken, and to secure them-
selves from its fatal consequences in case of final
defeat, in this wise :
" But it is said that this? mu<-tbe con&ideied a contc-?t with
lubel individual i only, as titat« r in the Union eunnoi make
war. that K tiue s-o long as ihev remain in the Union.
But they claim to he our ot ihe Ciuon; ami the vejy fact
that we have admitted them to be in a state of war. to he
beihgoroniN, *hows that thi'y aie no lonyei in the Union,
ami that they aie waging uai in then eoipoiafe capicity
undei the eoipoiaie name ot the ; confedctate State*,' and
nut Mich nVuor eoipoiation i^ compo.-cd of minor corpo-
