1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
latiom called Slate.--, acting in their associated character.
Tf i< idle 10 <«ay ili.it townships and counties and parishes
within &ucit States ;ue at peace while the States by ac-
knowledged majontie? havedeclared war. It is still moie
idle to bay that individuals within the belligcieut teuitory,
because they weie opposed to secession, and weie loyal m
the parent Government, are the Slate, though compii-sing
but five per cent, of the people, and hence that the States
are not atwar. This is ignoiing tiie fundamental principle
of democratic lepublics, which is that majorities must
mle, that the voice of the majoiity> however wicked and
abandoned, is the law of the State. J f the minoiity choose
to stay Within the misgoverned territory, they are its citi-
zen5? and subject to its conditions. The innocence of in-
dividuals tonus no protection (except in a personal point
of view) to tlio^e residing m a uo.-tilo temtory.
" Even the innocence of women and children does not
screen them fiom the late of their nation. Tiue%n dealing
with them peisonally, gieat difference is made between the
innocent and the guilty. But how can it be said that the
State* arc not at wni? Individuals do not make vvai. In-
dividual* may take life,but theyeannot make war. They
cannot be looognizcd as belligerent?. Wai is made by cfiar-
teied or corpoiate communities, by nations or States."
He bolsters these assertions by assumptions of
this sort:
{> When an insurrection becomes sufficiently formida-
ble to entitle the party to belligerent rights, it places the
contending Powers on precisely the samefootmgasfoieign
nation? at war with cach other.'' *****
a No one acquainted with the magnitude of this content
can den> to it the character of a civil war. For nearly tbice
years the confederate States have maintained their decla-
ration of independence by force of arms*."
Here is his conclusion:
" What, then,is the effect of this public war between
these belligerent, tlie*e foreign nations ? Before this war i
the paities weie bound together by a compact, by a treaty I
called a 'Constitution.' They acknowledged the validity j
of municipal laws mutually binding on cach. This wai j
ha* cut a<-undei all these ligaments, ubcogated all these ob-
ligation*."
Was ever confusion more confounded than in
the facts, aiguments,and conclusions on which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania would construct a
platform of ultraisms? The main fact on which
he builds is utterly untenable. The statement
that the rebels " have been acknowledged as bel-
ligerents by our own Government" is untrue, as
well as thaton which it is predicated, " the hostile
government by force of arms having risen from
the condition of insurgents to the position of an
independent Power de facto." At the threshold j
of the wai the rebels were by England end Fiance |
proclaimed belligerents, without waiting to hear j
one word from our Government. The motive was
evidently to give ali the encouiagementthey could
at the start to enable them to becorac "an inde-
pendent Power de facto," with a view to acknowl-
edge them as such as soon as a decent respect for
the opinions of the world would warrant it.
But neither England nor France., much as their
rulers wish it, have ventured to recognize them.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania is the first man
in public station of importance, on this or the
other side of the Atlantic, who has had the hardi-
hood to do it. Our Government, so far from ad- j
nutting, have remonstrated with the fmeign Pow-
ers for admitting them to be belligerents; and
instead of having risen by force of arms to a po-
sition of an independent Powei, "the consum- j
mation so devoutly wished" by the confedera-
ting rebels, they have sunk to half their original
dimensions under the compressing force of the
Union. Upon what pretext, th.en, can the gen-
tleman say "Ike confederate Stales have maintained
their declaration of independence by force of arms?"
He insists 011 it because " the magnitude" of the
contest gives it "the character of a civil war;" and
because kithe effect oj this public war between these
belligerents, these foreign nations," is to cut asun-
der all the ligaments, abrogate all obligations mu-
tually binding on each. What an entanglement
of contradictions is here ! In the beginning, when
the rebellion included Missouri, Kentucky, Mary-
land, Vngima entire, Tennessee, Arkansas, Mis-
sissippi, and Louisiana, it was but an msuuec-
tion; now that it is reduced to the sparse and
starving population of aportion of the Gulf States,
its magnitude makes it a civil war! Then, be-
cause it is " a public war between bclhgeients,
the civil war changes its nature and becumcs a war
between " forugu nations !" And out of this cat-
alogue of inconsistencies comes the conclusion
that, the war being between "foreign natn ms, " by
the laws of war the oonquei or may seize and con-
vert to his own use everything that belongs to the
enemy; and on this giound he assumes the right
of confiscating all the real and personal estates,
not merely of the rebels, but of the entire popula-
tion. This he admits " may work a hardship on
loyal men opposed to the war;" but to escape the
condition of enemies they must "change their
domicile—leave the hostile State." (t Even the in-
nocence of women and children," he adds in another
passage, " does not screen them from the fate of their
nation."
The gentleman egregiously cheats himself in
attempting to clutch the landed estates of the South
by conquest, as sanctioned by national law, in-
stead of by foifeiture under the law of treason.
Here is the national law with regard to the right of
the conqueror of a country to appropriate the real
property of private proprietors, as laid down by
the American jurist, the latest and ablest com-
piler of European authority on the subject. After
discussing the exemption in certain cases of per-
sonal property falling into an enemy's hand at
soa and on land, he thus treats of the exemption
of lands on the permanent conquest of a country:
"Tin* exemption extends even to the ca<?e of an abso-
lute and unqualified conquest of the enemy's country. In
ancient limes both the movable and immovable pioperty of
the vanquished passed to the conqueroi. Such was the
Roman law, oltun averted with umelenting seventy, and
such was the fate of the ltoman provinces subdued by
northern baibarians in the decline and fall of lite Roman
empiic. A laige pioporlion, fiom one to two tiiiid-s of the
land* belonging to the vanquished piovinciaW, was confis-
cated and partitioned among their conquerors. The bu-t
example in Eui ope oi Mich a conquest was that of Enzland
by William of Normandy, tfmce that period among civil-
ized nations of Christendom, conquest, even when ton-
Aimed by ueaty of peace, lias been followed hv no geneial
or primal transmutation of landed propeity. The property
belonging to the (Jovei nmentot the vanquished State or na-
tion pushes to the victorious State, which al o takes the
place ot the former sovereign in rcnpcct to eminent domain,
in other tevpeeis puvate" lights are unaffected by con-
quest.-"— page '100.
This principle, well established as it is by the
uniform practice in modern times and among civil-
ized nations, would preclude the gentleman from
Pennsylvania from appropriating a single tene-
ment even in South Carolina belonging to a citi-
zen and enemy, on his assumption that it is to be
considered a foreign State, and placed by con-
quest in subiection to the United States under the
law of nations. The whole drift of his argument
is to show that in such cases the conquered people
are to look to the law of nations for the pi otection
of their lives and property. When it is admitted,
as it is by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] that the war is waged by the confed-
erates as independent States against the United
States, and it is a war between nations foreign to
each other, how does treason attacli to one more
than the other? Thus the gentleman, to get rid of
the constitutional restriction limiting the duration
of title lo estates deiived from confiscation to the
life of the condemned owner, and grasp at a per-
manent holding under the national law of con-
quest, like the greedy animal which leaped at the
shadow of what he saw in the stream beneath,
dropped the substance which he might have held.
But let us suppose now that the constitutional
limitation and the inhibition of national law prc-
ventnig the appropriation of the lands of private
citizens by their conqueror are both ovei leaped
and the piesent ownets driven from their posses-
sions. What a scene would be presented to the
world in its most enlightened Christian era! The
expulsion of the Jews and ^the deletion of the
Moojis by the fanaticism of Spain afford but a
faint picture of the spectacle. Such a purpose
a vow < d could only be effected by the extermina-
tion of our whole kindled lace in the South. 1 he
woild would expect them to shed the last-drop
of blood lather than submit to such a spoliation,
which would lea\e no other alternative but 10
pi.iish as paupers. Hut with the inclination of
foreign Powers to make a foreign Power of the
cont' d'rate States, and to maim and cnpple the^
united national lit public and aiiost the march oi
its principles, might they not accept the statement
of the organ ot the Treasury Department m this
debate, that by force of arms the confedoates hud
asserted Ihtir independence; icvie u foreign nation,
and entitled to their recognition f/5 such, and to Iheir
sympathy and support in maintaining their rights,
and especially in upholding the national law to which
the people of all civilized Slates look for security ?
In such case how would they meer. the doctrine
of spoliation broached by the gentleman, wluch^
despoils women and children of all the means ot
living after conquest, and assumes that the* men of
the country, whether in or out of the war in its
defense, whether for or against the object for
which it is waged, are traitors, nevertheless, to the
foreign country engaged against them in the con-
flict? Would not the nations of Europe.be justi-
fied in intervening to put down such an innova-"
tion on the national code of humanity? They
would read to us the article in our own Constitu-
tion and the clause from Wheaton, our own ju-.
rist on national law, and give emphasis to both
by bringing the opinion of all Europe to enforce
them, to arrest the barbarities proposed in' their
defiance. 1 must do the gentleman the justice to
declare that I cannot believe he means what he
has said. He has a shrewd tongue, but it does not
find its severity in his heart. His speech is that
of a party advocate, seeking to embody selfish
interests in aid of the ultraisms of frenzied phi-
lanthropy which would sacrifice our "whole kin*
dred in the South to the blacks,and ultimately the
blacks themselves by violatingthe laws of nature
in the attempt to amalgamate repugnant races it?
the name and by the charm of equality. It is to
effect this that the gentleman would cut the States
of the South from their constitutional moorings,
and make a hotch-potch of all the established re-
publican governments there by throwing them
into a revolutionary caldron.
The gentleman holds that the rebel usurpation
has accomplished what it designed; that it has
utterly extirpated the governments which the loyal
people everywhere recognized and still recognize
as existing in the constitutions which have been
partially suppressed only in the districts where
the rebel power prevails for the moment. As ours
prevails, the power of the Union being vindicated,
! the foi m of the State government, which from the
' beginning of the war the Constitution of the Union
has held to beindestructible, again emerges. How .
was it in Missouri? The rebels there had foisted
themselves m power by a legitimately elected
Governor and Lieutenant Governor and Legisla-
ture, and they declared secession. But what did
the supreme Government declare? It said a State
has no right to seccde. The Government of the
United States is permanent here and everywhere
throughout the boundaries of the Union. .The
nation claims that it has "eminent domain" over
every inch of country within its limits, and that
the duress which holds the State governments in
abeyance has neither extinguished the legitimate
local sovereignty within them nor the supremo
sovereignty of the General Government which has
sent its armies to vindicate both. The Army and
JNavy of the United States, surrounding the whole
of atbeldom, gradually crushing the life out of
the usurpation, aie the national functionaries
which execute the constitutional duties of the
Union there, and put their veto on the assumption
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania in declaring
"the State governments in the rebel States to be as per-
fect now as before the rebellionand that" 6mig sub-
sisting States, capable of corporate action, they have
as Stales changed their allegiance from the United
Statesto the confederate Slates." If we admit this
doctrine there is notaloyal citizen among the con-
federates who is not guilty of treason against.the
rebel usurpation in supposing the republican
form of State government under which they were
born, which the Government of the United States
is solemnly bound "to guaranty," and which our
national forces by land and by sea at this moment
in every one of the States belonging to our Union
are upholding. Yet the gentleman has the hardi-
,, hood to contend that ""the republican States"
II suimintied by our Constitution are now inde-
\\ pendent, and "as perfect now as before the rebel-
il lion," and he argues:
H "The idea that the loyal citizen'', though few, are the
|i State and in State municipalities may ovei rule and govern
,1 the di-ioval millions, I have not been able to comprehend,
it Ifn-nmeu lit to '•ave tfodom can elect a Governor and other
11 Htnte officer* lor and agatn-t the eleven hundred thousand
'! Sodomites in Virginia, then the democratic doctrine that
!: the majority "-hall rule i*? discarded and dangerously ignored,
ij When the docuinu that the quality and not the number of
I' voters is? to decide the light to govern, then we have no
\< longer a lepubhe, but the woiit foim of de potifain."
Here, then,frc have the secession doctrine ab-
iI soluteiy recognized, and with more distinctness
![ than Calhoun ventured to urge it. He had always
some pretense to justify it, namely, "monstrous
It oppression." But he, le the majority of disloyalists
:| in a State have the right admitted to override a
H minority of loval men and make them forswear
ii their allegiance to the Union. " if the minority,
