1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2533
soldiers whether they wanted to do so or not.
All this class of persons fell under the ban of
disloyalty and were called rebel sympathizers,
and excluded from the polls.
This suspicion of disloyalty appeared to have
fallen at the polls upon all those whose near rela-
tives have joined the rebel cause; but the distinc-
tion was invidious; for if it were not, then the
charge of disloyalty might be maintained against
almost every man who claims Kentucky as his
native State. It would fall heavily upon my friend,
the incumbent in this case, whose* nearest and
dearest blood-relations have taken sides against
the Government. It would fall upon me, sir. It
would fall upon other Representatives from Ken-
tucky in this Hall; and if such were the case it
would convict of high treason some of the most
prominent and leading Union men of our State.
This is indeed one of the most terrible and try-
ing ordeals to which the loyal heart of Kentucky
is subjected, this struggle between affection and
patriotism, between love and duly, between the
heart and head, between the ties of consanguinity
and the love of country. The immutable laws
of nature are fixed and cannot be changed. You
cannot crush the affections, for in doing so you
would stifle Divinity itself.
All those men who were not for a vigorous
prosecution of the war or who were opposed to
men and money were counted disloyal in many
places and not allowed to vote.
And, to crown all, those who would not take
an oath to support the policy of the present Ad-
ministration were not allowed to vote as being
disloyal.
These are some of the classes of men who come
under the scope of " rebels, rebel sympathizers,
and secessionists," alluded to in the notice of the
gentleman.
2. I notoriously sought the rebel vote of the
district.
All the so-called rebel voters in my district are
opposed to the war. They voted for me with the
full understanding that I was a war man and in
favor of a vigorous prosecution of it. We have
gone too far in Kentucky with this war to think
of stopping it now, and we could not do it if we
wanted to. If we do not whip the rebels they will
whip us. If we do not save the Union they will
dissolve it. If we do not sustain our Government
and the Constitution upon which it is founded,
they will overthrow and destro y it. And as long
as a bayonet gleams in the hands of a Federal sol-
dier and the stars and stripes wave over him, I
am for sustaining him with " the last man and the
last dollar." We have in Kentucky gone too far
in this war to retreat from it. Our fifty-five thou-
sand soldiers who have fought under the banner
of our country and in the cause of the Union
must be sustained. They are an institution in
our State that cannot be overlooked, ignored, nor
neglected. It is now with us a matter of life and
death. It has, I may say, assumed a personal
character in Kentucky in which every man feels
that he has taken his position and will not aban-
don it.
But as to the rebels voting for me. There is one
great reason why every one in the district would
have cast his vote for me in preference to the gen-
tleman, all other matters being equal, and that was
that I was dismissed from; the Army for standing
up for a principle which they as well as the ma-
jority of the Union men approve and admire; and
they thought by my election to Congress that the
Administration party would be rebuked, and that
one of the great principles which every slave State
adheres to would be maintained and sustained by
the people.
I am glad to have an opportunity of explain-
ing this matter before my country and to the peo-
ple. It is a well-known fact that the Republican
party as well as the President in the beginning of
this war disclaimed, any intention of interfering
with the institution of slavery in the States where
it existed. In fact the President said in his in-
augural address that he "had no purpose, di-
rectly or indirectly, to do so, and believed he had
no right to do so if he had." This assurance,
together with the resolution of Congress known
as the Crittenden resolution, gave every assurance
to the peeple of the border slave States, and, I
may say, saved Kentucky to the Union. The
revocation of General Fremont's freedom procla-
mation in Missouri by the President was another
guarantee that such was not the policy of the
Government. And under these circumstances
was it that the people of the border slave States
rushed to arms. All those acquainted with the
feeling of the border slave States will agree with
me in saying that if Mr. Lincoln in his inaugu-
ral address had laid down the policy to be pur-
sued by the Administration in the prosecution of
this war that now controls it—that of setting the
slaves free in the South, of placing-arms in their
hands and turning them loose upon innocent
women and children, and of taking the slaves of
the people, even the loyal people in the border
States, against their will, and to say, as he had
in his last message, that this course would not
be deviated from—I honestly believe that Ken-
tucky, instead of having now fifty-five thousand
men in the Federal Army, would have had one
hundred thousand men in the southern army.
Kentuckians did not go into this war to fight
the institution of slavery. We havenoprejudice
against it, and we are not responsible for it. Sla-
very is in the Constitution of the country; we did
not place it there, and the only way to get it out,
orat least the only proper way, is to change that
Constitution as it is provided by the instrument
ftselfit shall be changed. I have always thought
that the dissolution of the Union was a sure way
to abolitionize the State of Kentucky, and.thftt
was one reason why I was opposed to a dissolu-
tion. It is not necessary to discuss this point
here. When this rebellion commenced every
man in our section of the State who said he was
a Union man was denounced by the secessionists
as an abolitionist. There was scarcely one but
denied the charge and repudiated the idea, and
they still do. The public presses of the State,
the Legislature, the Governor of the State, the
whole people, I may say, still repudiate it; and
now, after all these solemn pledges made to the
people, to our own consciences, to the world, in-
deed, it is terrible that we should now be called
upon to violate those pledges and principles by
the Government and are denounced as disloyal if
we do not. Itis terrible indeed that all those gal-
lant soldiers who have from Kentucky been per-
iling their lives for the preservation of the Union
and the Constitution of our fathers, should at
this late day,after all the precious blood that has
been shed in their defense, be called upon thus to
belie the time-honored principles of our states-
men and of our Commonwealth in dread of such
a frightful alternative.
There was in my opinion one period in the his-
tory of the rebellion when this war could have
been stopped and the Union restored upon a con-
stitutional basis gloriously and harmoniously to
the whole nation and to the world. My opinion
is founded from my idea of the public sentiment
of the South by a free intercourse and conversa-
tion with the people and prisoners of the south-
ern States whom I freely mingled with for the
purpose of ascertaining their sentiments. It was
immediately after the series of disasters that fol-
lowed each other in rapid succession in the early
part of the year 1862. First Fort Henry fell,
then Fort Donelson went down with a terrible
crash which caused a panic throughout the South.
The battle of Mills Spring was fought which re-
sulted disastrously to the rebel prospects in Ken-
tucky. Bowling Green was evacuated. Ken-
tucky wasf set free. Nashville fell an easy prey
to our victorious armies. The beautiful city of
Clarkville was surrendered. Columbus Mem-
phis, and Island No. 10, gave up the struggle.
The rebel army retreated from Manassas, and a
panic for the first time fell upon the citizens of.
the rebel capital. The leaders of their disheart-
ened armies seeing the state of affairs rushed
to the contest. The great battle of Shiloh was
fought; they are again foiled and fall back upon
Corinth to make a final stake, but soon abandon
that stronghold. The whole of Tennessee was
reclaimed to the Union; and finally—the most ter-
rible blow of all—New Orleans, the great metrop-
olis and emporium of the South, capitulated, and
the old flag was raised upon the spires of that
beautiful eity.
Sir, I believe as a Christian man if the Presi-
dent of the United States had at that time gone
forth with a proclamation of amnesty to the mis-
guided people of the South, guarantying to them
the full protection of the Government in the en-
joyment of the domestic and State institutions,
that the great mass of the people would hare
risen up as one man and compelled their leaders
to abandon their mad scheme of dissolution anil
destruction. But the golden moment was lost;,
and notf, under the present amnesty proclama-
tion, with its provisos and oaths and exemption
exception treats and insecurities, I cannot see
how any intelligent southern man can look upon
it in any other light than as an insult added to
injury.
When General Buell's army separated from
that of General Grant at Corinth and moved
toward Chattanooga, it marched through a fertile
and beautiful section of country. No damage
was done to the people on the marcfi, much to *
their surprise; not near so much, we were assured,
as had been done by the rebel army under Beau-
regard. Not a private premise was invaded, no
fences burned, no property stolen or impressed,
no arrest made among the people, no insults
offered to or imagined by them; scarcely a btade
of grass was trampled upon or a flower plucked
by the roadside; but we moved through the coun-
try a thorough, a magnificent,and beautiful sys-
tem of military science.
When General Bragg invaded Kentucky in the
fall of 1862, it was my fortune to command a regi-
ment in pursuit of him, and to be placed in a
brigade and division that had not been with Gen-
eral Buell, and of course had not been subjected to
the same system and discipline to which I have
alluded; but on the contrary, had been under the
command of an officer of foreign birth who,^ap-
pears, had inaugurated in his field an entirely
different system of warfare, that of destruction
and desolation; and it was a source of continual
annoyance and an absolute feeling of shame and
degradation to us to notice day after day, and night
after night, continued and repeated acts of law-
lessness and depredation committed by these fel-
low-soldiers-upon the people of Kentucky as wS
passed through that State; many of whom, in-
deed, were the intimate friends, relations, neigh-
bors, and associates of the men of the regiment
which I had the control of. There were hun-
dreds of fugitive slaves in our army. They were
under no military restraint, but running loose and
wild under the first flush of their freedom'. The
army had been upon half rations for three weeks;
these negroes were not counted in the returns of
the regiment, and we of course could not draw
rationsforthem. They consequently had to depre-
date upon the country, which they did, and the
soldiers would in many instances get the credit
of it. They would steal horses, mules, or any-
thing that came in the way; they would fill up
the ambulances and wagons, while the poor sol-
dier could be seen every moment falling and faint-
ing by the wayside; they would entice the slaves
of loyal men away, carry them to some regiment
that would protect them from recapture. And
thus were we continually annoyed with these
" free Americans of African descent," not know-
ing at what hour a terrible battle would take place.
Every day we were appealed to by some loyal-
citizen of the State, old acquaintances, friends, to
assist them in recovering their slaves that had
been enticed away and were hiding about and
skulking in the army.
The statute laws of Kentucky say that any
free white male who shall be found guilty of har-
boring a slave shall be confined in the peniten-
tiary for not less than two nor more than twenty
years. And, sir, I contend that any commanding
officer of a regiment who allows a fugitive slave
to come into his camp and refuses to give him up
to his owner upon application, is guilty of har-
boring that slave, and therefore commits a peni-
tentiary offense. Taking this view of the matter,
I issued an order to my regiment, the substance
of which was that any fugitive slave which came
into the camp of the regiment which I commanded
would be givenup to his'owner upon application,
whether that owner was loyal or a rebel. For
this order 1 was summarily dismissed from the
Army without trial, and without being allowed
the privilege of even an explanation. If I was
wrong then the whole Legislature of Kentucky
was wrong, for it was heartily and fully indorsed
by the Legislature. So was it also approved by
the Governor of Kentucky in an official message
as being " right in itself, and in accordance with
the clearest dictates of a sound and enlightened
li policy." The whole people of the State indorsed
