J516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
consideration, I hope-we shall act upon that and
fix oor adjournment at twelve o'clock on Monday,
and then pass the. tax bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I feel itdue to say thatl will
object to the consideration of the tax bill until
Monday morning.
Mr. CHANDLER. There will be no action
on that bill to-night.
Mr. McDOUGALL obtained the floor.
Mr. POWELL. "With the permission of the
Senator from California, I desire to say a word.
There seems to be an apprehension that some
Senator on oor side will take advantage of parlia-
mentary tactics to defeat the bill referred to by
the Senator from Ohio. I am authorized to say
that we will not. Fix the day ofadjournment.and
bo far as we are concerned you may take up that
bill and pass it to-night: all we shall do is to vote
against it.
Mr. CONNESS. Do I understand the Senator
from Kentucky to say that he will vote for the bill?
Mr. POWELL. No; but I say 1 am willing it
shall be voted upon and will take no advantage of
parliamentary tactics.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to inquire
whether the Senator's associates who are voting
with him for an adjournment on Monday at
twelve o'clock will all pledge themselves to do the
same thing?
Mr. POWELL. They have already done so.
Mr. CARL1LE. That assurance has been
fiven over and over again during the last two
ours.
Mr. COWAN. If this Senate can assume any
other more ridiculous or absurd position than it
now presents, 1 should like to see it assume it and
then go home.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Kansas
[Mr. Lane] to the resolution relative to the ad-
journment of the two Houses. The Secretary
will call the roll.
The Secretary commenced the call of the roll,
and Mr. Anthony responded to his name.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 was on the floor.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call will
be continued.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I rise to a point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will hear the point of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I had risen, addressed
the Chair, and been recognized by the Chair be-
fore the call commenced; 1 stood in my place and
did not resign it. I am not disposed to surrender
any of iny known rights. If the Chair will notad-
mitthe fuels to beaa 1 have just stated them, I shall
submit; but such being the facts, I have a right
to the floor without the call of the roll being com-
menced while I was standing on the floor. Gen-
tlemen got up and addressed the Chair interme-
diately, 1 know, and 1 was not rude enough to
ask them to take iheir seats.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands thai the Senator was not lecognized.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 will make a single state-
ment, as 1 was the occupant of the chair. The
Senator from California addressed the Chair and
was recognized. He yielded the floor, however,
to the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,]
andliecoirnized tlmtSenator. When he concluded
I recognized the other Senator from California,
[Mr. C0NNE5S,] and he made some remaiks. 1
supposed the Senator [Mr. McDocgall] in
yielding the floor yielded it unreservedly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then courtesy is very
expensive.
The call of the roil was concluded, and the re-
sult announced—yeas 22, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Slest-is. Anthony, Duckaloiv, Caililc, Cl.uk,
hull, Van Winkle, and Willey-
NAYcJ—Messrfc. Chandler,Conness, Foster, Harlan, Mc-
Dougall, Morgan, Mornli, Sumner, and Wilson—9.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Collamer, Dixun, Fessen-
dflp, Foot, Gum**, lluie,Harding, Harris, Hicks Howard,
Howe, Johnson,Nesmith,Ramsey. Wade, Wilkin&on and
Wright—18. '
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the resolution as amended.
Mr, HARLAN. How does it read?
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion aa amended wiJl be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the President
of the Senate and Speaker of the House adjourn their re-
spective Houses (or the present session on Monday the 4th
of July instant at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER, (at fifteen minutes beforetwo
o'clock, a. m., July 3.) I move that the Senate do
now adjourn; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Harlan, McDou-
gall, Morgan, Sumner, and Wilkinson—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalcw, Cailtie, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Doolmle, Foster, Henderson, Hendricks,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy, Pow-
ell, Richardson, Riddle, Saul&bury, Sherman, Sprague,Teri
Eyek, Trnmhull, V:#i Winkle, and Willey—24.
ABSENT —Messrs. Brown, Collamer, Dixon, Fessen-
den, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Harding, Harris, Hicks, How-
ard, Iiowe, Jolmbon, Nefcmith, itam&cy, Wade, Wilson,
and Wright—18.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on tho adoption of the resolution as amended.
Mr-. MORRILL. I have no disposition to de-
lay the passage of this resolution, but I shall vote
against it. I have steadily voted against fixing
the hour for an adjournment of the Senate until
it was obvious that the Senate could adjourn in
safety to the country, and we have been voting
here, as I think, for an adjournment at twelvfe
o'clock on Monday, when it was not obvious that
it could be done with safety to the country. That
is my judgment. Other Senators think otherwise,
and i have no right to say that they are not as
honest and as conscientious in their convictions
on that subject as i am, and I do not stand here
to complain of that particularly, but I am not
willing to allow it to be understood and go to the
country, that for that exercise of my judgment I
am to be denounced here as standing m a faction
because I happen to be in a minority; and I tell
my honorable friend from Illinois, with all the
respect I entertain for him, that lie is both un-
parliamentary and unjust when he stands in the
Senate and says to the country, or to the Senate
to go to the country, that that portion of this body
are factious who are rcluctant to adjourn until
they can see that the measure which those who
have charge of the finances of this Government
believe to be essential is secured, who feel that
wc are not in a condition to adjourn. I say till
that is made certain the Senators who cooperate
to that end and who are honestly opposed to fix-
ing the hour for adjournment until that object is
secured, are not factious, and their action is open
to no such objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me ?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator, I presume,
docs not mean to place mo in a different position
from that in which I designed to place myself. I
did not denounce anybody as factiou3 who did
not agree with me. Those whom I spoke of as
factious were those who entered into a combina-
tion in the presence of Senators for the purpose
of delay; those persons who avowed their object
to be delay and who consulted together to bring
it about. The Senator from Maine, 1 apprehend,
was not one of those.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator from Maine
permit mc a single word? Tho Senator from
Maine is exonerated by the Senator from Illjnois
from this aspersion. 1 am willing that the Sen-
ator from Illinois shall claim to be exempt from
faction while the record shows his company.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to make a remark
by the courtesy of the Senator from Maine. I
do not consider it dishonorable or improper in a
Senator who stands with the minority to use fair
parliamentary law to prevent the action of the
bo^ly which he thinks will be deleterious to the
country; and I wish to remind my friend from
Illinois that he has done so repeatedly, and has
formed combinations to do so when he thought
the interests of the country required it; and if
Senators here to-night think that it is unsafe to
the country to adjourn without the passage of
certain measures that have not yet passed, and
on that account are not willing to fix an hour of
adjournment definitely, they are doing precisely
what the honorable Senator from Illinois has done
repeatedly to my personal knowledge, and for the
same reason.
I have felt it due to myself that I should make
this statement, because I suppose I am one of
those referred to.
Mr. DGOLITTLE. Will my honorable friend
from Maine allow me to make a statement?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mystatementisthis: the
only question about which we felt a great deal of
anxiety was the bill lately pending in the House
of Representatives. Inasmuch as by the law they
had passed additional bounties were provided, it
was a question whether additional revenue should
not be raised. They have passed that bill. So
far as the House is concerned, I understand that
the important business is completed. That bill
is lying on our table; it is completely in the power
of the Senate. This resolution of the House
asking us to join with them in fixing a day of
adjournment has been upon our table for a long
time, and certainly there is no reason now why
we cannot respond to the House and inform them
now that we shall be ready to adjourn on Mon-
day; and I really hope that this matter of con-
troversy among our friends here will not proceed
further.
Mr. HARLAN. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion. That bill cannot pass in less than three
days, if one Senator chooses to put it over so
long. It must be read once on each separate day by
the rules of the Senate if anyone Senator chooses
to put it over. Hence the impropriety, as it ap-
pears to me and other Senators, of fixing a day
certain for adjournment short of three days.
Mr. DOOLilTTLE. We can pass it to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is due to myself that
I should say a word in reply to what has been
said.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to know how
I got cheated out of the floor. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator gave the
floor to the Senator from Iowa, and he made re-
marks relative to myself, and I ask an opportu-
nity to reply.
Mr. MORRILL. I had not got quite "through
with my friend from Illinois.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask the Senator
from Maine to allow me to make a statement.
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I made this motion.
It is due to myself to say that during the entire
period up to this tirrre I have been in constant
intercourse with the House of Representatives,
and a portion of the time with the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, and the rest of the
period with the second on the Committee on Fi-
nance, keeping the resolution in hand and advis-
ing with them at every step, looking to not en-
dangering the proposition of the House, and
controlling the resolution in view of that.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 have said all that I care
to say m regard to the charge of the Senator
from Illinois that there was a faction. w I think
the honorable Senator probably on reflection will
withdraw such a charge as that. There is a dif-
ference of opinion here in the Senate. A ma-
jority of the Senate were willing to adjourn on
Monday without any reference to the bill which
has now come to us from the House. A minor-
ity of the Senate/ere unwilling to fix the day of
adjournment urg^T they could see that that bill
was within our power. On that question I think
there is ample room for a very honest difference
of opinion, and I submit to my honorable friend
that it hardly becomes him to say that the men
who were engaged in preventing the fixing of
Monday were actuated by factious motives. I
can conceive that they were actuated by the high-
est and most patriotic motives, and 1 think my
honorable friend on reflection will accord to the
Opposition those motives.
But now, sir, the point which I desire to sub-
mit is this: we have got the bill within our reach
at last; the House of Representatives has passed
it; it is now within our reach and we can pass it;
and the question I wish to submit to the " faction"
with which I have acted is—I do not mean that in
any offensive sense to my friends, but I appeal to
Senators on this side of the Chamber with whom
I have acted steadily in resisting any attempt to
adjourn until this bill came to us—whether this
bill being now within our reach we should not
acceptitand act upon it, whether now the respons-
