2534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,'
it; the press indorsed and approved it; and the
rebels of the district, as they are called, would !
have voted for me on this account without my
seeking their votes. For this 1 was dismissed,
while another man who had never fought a battle,
"k foreigner, who was tried by a couxt-msnrtial and
convicted of " conduct unbecoming an officer and
a gentleman," stealingand abductingslaves, was
not only reinstated but promoted. leases of in-
dividual wrong have been frequent in this war;
but in comparing the action of the Government
in my case to that of the other ca£$ to which 1
alluded I have always thought it was agreatout-
rage, and still think
, When we turn with despair and search and pray
that some §reut arbitpr may rise up to allay the
terrible strife that is now deluging our country
with fratricidal blood, we aic forced to admit that
in this great republican Government of ours wo
can look alone to that source from whom all power
in thip nation is derived, the people; for there is
an undercurrent of truth, of godlike charity and
honesty in the great hcait of the American peo-
ple, that manifests itself, not by the effervescing
passion of mob or excited public assemblages,
nor among those striving amid the din and clash
of arms, but it manifests itself upon the trembling
lip of the Christian philanthropist when he com-
munes alone with his God ami asks that ho may
be led in the paths of righteousness. I have an
abiding faith and confidence m the honesty of the
American people, and I appeal to them, as I did
with confidence to the people of my district, to
sustain me in my efforts to servo them, my State,
and my country. I do not ask of this House to
frailt me the seat occupied by the present tiicum*
entas the Representative from our district. He
has said that he has every confidence in the peo-
ple, and ought therefuie to he willing to risk his
chances in their hands when they can come for-
ward and vote according to law and not according
to the mere dictum of one who knows nothing of
their wants, their wishes, or their desires. Turn
this election back to the people with the instruc-
tion that in accordance with the Constitution
aud the ancient law and usage of the land "it
shall be free and equal. " (t is all that 1 ask, and
all that the people desire. Sir, I plead for the
suffering people of Kentucky. Go see her deso-
lated households, her fair fields, but a few years
before teeming with the rich pioductsofo fertile
apil, now covered with brambles and briers, her
dwellings anil granaries deputed and empty, her
rich guldens given up to the wild flowets, her
population diiven in many instances from their
■ homes, and the torch of the incendiary applied
to all their worldly goody. No long'T do We «fie
the cheerful smile and the countenance beaming
with joy and prosperity, hut death, gloom, and
sorrow you will find at the door of every man's
household. The secessionists and enemies of our
Government who arc responsible for the inaugu-
ration of this state of affairs, have Ion a; since de-
parted from the State, and the men, women, and
children who are led behind, look now to the
Government which has protected us so long, and
to the proper enforcement of the laws und< r the
Constitution, ufe the only thing that can aa\e us
from an eternal anarchy. And how anomalous
is her position compated with other States of this
Union. Her devotion to the Constitution and to
fixed principles has in this case been made the
means whereby she has been deprived of luu
rights under that Constitution. Suspected by the
Federal Government, derided and scoffed at by
leading traitors who would have ruined her irre-
trievably, her stiongann weakened by the exit
of her fifty-five thousand soldteis who have left
her to maintain and uphold our Government,
weak and powerless, prostrate and i11«ic, the
first-born of this nation, she is denounced as dis-
loyal, ay, sir, from those \eiy {falls.
There was a time when the step of a Keutuek-
ian was as free and proud as that of the bounding
deer upon its native hills. it was not the sky
above us, for the " same blue arch that hangs over
us aud the same pure stars that we have loved to
watch, and that blossom at twilight's von tie houi "
are the admired wonder of the"world, it is not
the soil upon which we tjead, for tar richci soils
may be found under the sun. lus not the mild
winds that whistle around and about, for the
" spicy breezes that blow so soft o'er Ceylon's
i§k" puss to a neighboring i&Uujtf Utdened with
their rich perfume to whet the appetite and fan the
cheek of the cannibal aud savage; but it was be-
cause we felt that we were standing in the midst of
a mighty, prosperous, and glorious nation, secure
in the enjoyment of liberty, happy in the pui suit
of our daily avocations, upon terms of equality
and friendship with every one, protected at all
times by the Government which we respected and
obeyed. " From the centerall round to the sea"
we were the envied and honored of ail. Deprive
her gallant people now of this right of elective
franchise and you crush her to the earth. The
people of Kentucky in such a degradation would
rather have no representation in.this Hall, if they
are not allowed to say by " a free and equal elec-
tion" who their Representatives shall oe. We
wantnodictationfrom military quarters as to who
we mustvote for; we want no political platform of
principles laid down for us by persons who have
no sympathy in kind with the cherished princi-
ples of the people. The large and lucrative rev-
enue now flowing into the Treasury of thq Gov-
ernment ansingfrom the taxes imposed upon her
products entitle our people to an equal enjoyment
of the laws and Constitution of the Government.
" Taxation without ^presentation" was the great
principle upon which achievement of our inde-
pendence as a nation was effected. I ask the*
Representatives of those old States whose early
heroes fell in the great struggle for American in-
dependence, are you now ready to violate that
sacred principle handed down to you by your
fathers as relics of the past that are to be treasured
and guarded inviolable?
i need not invoke the aid of the Representa-
tives of those groat and mighty sister and neigh-
boring States of the West to sustain us in this
contest, for principle and right. I urge here no
personal chum for your consideration, but i speak
for a w hole people,a whole district, a whole State.
1 urge the claim of that people for the right to choose
her own Representative in accordance with her
own laws, and toelect fiieirRepresentaUves to the
national councils as you have been elected. We
have a common destiny in the West. Whatever
may be the fate of this Union, the union which
binds us togothei can nevei be, dissolved. " What
God has joined together left not man put asunder."
Adopt tins pmiciple of depriving people of their
elective franchise in Kentucky, and you know not :
how soon it may fall upon you also. But if you
determine to do so—if the blow must fall, and
this sacred right is to be violated, and XCentucky
is to be made the example m the establishment of
this principle—I would request in her behalf, in
the language of a distinguished man upon a sim-
ilar occasion hefoie tins 11 ouse, that yoil blot
hum the spangled banner ot this Union I he bright
star ibat glitters to the name of Kentucky, but
leave the .snipe as an emblem of her degradation."
And, sir, it is charged against me as a great
crime by the gentleman, m his response to my
notice of contest, that I urged the people, in our
canvass before them, to stand firm to their prin-
ciples, and "light North, South, Kast, or West
against the tide of fanaticism that rolled against
her," and that I stud,'Met Kentucky go when
she might, L would go with her." Sir, I confess
the sentiment, and here repeat it:
" Lives there a man with <-oui so dead,
VVliu nevei to inmi-wji hath said,
Tins is. my on n. mj nauve land
1 would* be unworthy of the name Qf a Ken-
tiu Ivian did 1 forget her glorious history; the
tally struggles of our ancestors with the savage,
which gave it the name of the daik aud bloody
ground," and beneath whose surface now sleep
these honored and glorious heioes whose deeds
have given a name iinperishable to our Common-
wealth. 1 love my native State, and I will not
abandon her, and 1 will abide her fortunes what-
ever they may be. I love her gallant sons and
beautiful women. In childhood I spoited upon
her hill-sides, slept bt neath her shades, laved in
iiei Mieams, end fished in he* brooks.
'• Land ol the iuown heath and shaggy wood,
hand of the mountain and the flood,
Land of my what mortal hand
t 'an e'er untie the sacred hand
That bind- me to thy native strand
Mr. V00RII15ES took the floor, but yielded it
to
Mr. WAOSWORTH,whosaid: Mr.Speaker,
I would not have troubled the House at this time
with any observations upon this contest except
for the reason that I cannot give my vote ii\si-
lence for the sitting member. I agree with almost,
if not quite all, that my gallant friend (Mr. Mc-
Henry, the contestant) has said in denunciation of
the interference with the freedom of elections by
the military force of the "Federal Government. I
agree with him in condemning and denouncing
the military orders issued to the State of Ken-
tucky prior to the last congressional and State
election; and particularly the orders reported by
the Committee of Elections from subordinate Fed-
eral officers in the'second congressional district.
I deny that they had any legal power to issue
such orders. The orders oi Colonel Foster, of Gen-
eral Shackleford, and of General Burnside were all
illegal, arbitrary, unconstitutional, and dangeious
to the liberties of the people of the wholtf country.
These orders (except, indeed, that of General
Burnside) say to the officers of election, appointed
under the laws and constitution of Kentucky,
that none but a particular description of individ-
uals should be candidates for office; and thatnone
but this class of peisons should vote forany can-
didate for office. They say that not only all
voters shall be " loyal men," leaving it to some
"petty, petting officer" of the Fedetal Govern-
ment to say who is a " loyal man," but they say
that no man" shall be a candidate for office, or
shall vote, who is not in favor of votingmcn and
money to carry on the war. Why, sir, what
man is there who will claim that such an order
as that was legal? If we concede that military
officers have the right to determine who shall be
a candidate for office, to prescribe, the qualifica-
tions of candidates for office, and, above all, to
say that he shall be in lavorof the war, we trans-
fer the question of peace or war from the legisla-
tive forum to the Army, and the Army will have
it in its power to perpetuate the war forever
against the will of the people. Of such a character
are the orders of Colonel Foster'and General
Shacklefoid. You will find them in thereportof
the majority of the Committee of Elections. I
beg to read a single sentence from the older of
Colonel Foster:
^ \n one will tie allowed to oHer Intn&iel/ <\> u candidate
foi ofl'iee, oi he voted loi af said eleerhm, who is not m
all tiling loyal to the Slate and I'ederal Government*, and
vi jaroi oj a vizoroxu jirosecutioji oj the tvai Jorlhe suppres-
sion of (he ) cbellion."
Thus, sir, inferior officers of the Army under-
take to determine the question how long the war
shall last, and by physical force, obstruct every
man from voting or being a candidate who is m
favor of terminating the war. Could there be
anything more flagmmly illegal in principle, ar-
bitrary, and tyrannical5 Is not the civil powei en-
tirely subordinated to the military, if we concede
this usurpation 3
Now, sir,in eommoi\with the colleagues from
Kentucky with whom I act on this flour, con-
demning as 1 do tins illegal and ai bitrury exer-
cise of military power ni the second congressional
district of Kentucky, they would not \ote,and I
should not vote as 1 expect to vote, m favor of
my colleague, the sitting member, if! were satis-
fied that these orders had influenced the election
to such an extent as to give him a mapuity of the
whole vote of the district. We arc satisfied that
he is the choice of that district, we arc satisfied that
the party which nominated him, and to which both
the gentleman contesting (Mr. McHenry) and
the sitting member belonged, had an indisputable
control of the district on any fair test, arid that
the orders were impertinent and unnecessary.
We are satisfied that the sitting member received
a majority of all the votes of the district, and that
that majority was not due to the moial effect of
these oiders, nor the disgusting military wrongs
perpetrated n> portions of the district. We be-
lieve that ho would have obtained a majority m
thatelection if these oidcis had never been issued;
1 think he would have received a larger majority;
at least i am warranted in coming to that conclu-
sion from my own experience m the same can-
vass, and belonging, as I do, to the same political
organization, pledged to the same unequivocal
pLitfoim of opposition to the jadieal nuasures of
the Administration, of opposition to the Repub-
lican party, to a war for the negio, but m favor
of the war for the Union: the same platfoim to
which every member of this Congress fiom Ken-
tucky was pledged, and upon which all of them'
were clcctcd. i am &iti&ficd from my own cxpe-
