512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5.
he says, " choose to stay in the misgoverned ter-
ritory they are its citizens and subject to its con-
ditions:"
" Prom all this the legitimate conclusion is, that all the
people and ail the territory within the limits of the organ-
ized States which, by a legitimate majouty of their eiti-
zen^, renounced the Constitution, took their States out of
the Union, and made war upon the Government, are, so far
as they are concerned, subject to the laws of the State; and,
so far as the United States Government is concerned, sub-
ject to the laws of war and of nations, both while the war
continues and when it shall be ended."
No man North or South ever asserted the se-
cession cause so boldly in the forum as the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. He founds the rebel
government upon the wili of a majority of the
people; proclaims that the minority, though loyal
to the General Government, which has the consti-
tutional right to the allegiance of all the people of
all the States, must abandon the States or sub-
scribe to their authority; insists that the usurp-
ation which heads an insurrection in the very
bosom of the Government of the Union, but which
it holds in the grasp of its military power, has es-
tablished independent States in its midst, and en-
dows it with all the immunities and rights of a
foreign nation carrying on legitimate war. There
is not a foreign Government on earth, however
disaffected to our constitutional forms, thatrecog
nizes either the facts or the inferences so conceded
to the confederates by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. If they were, how could the Govern-
ments of Europe withhold a recognition of their
independence? England will never admit a prin-
ciple which would authorize Scotland to break her
covenant of union, assume the character of an in-
dependent nation, and, as a foreign Power at war,
exempt her citizens engaged in it from treason;
thus justifying France or any other Power in giv-
ing her aid and severing the island of Great Brit-
ain into two nations. England while at war with
the French republic never recognized La Vendee,
although for years in insurrection in the heart of
France, as an independent people. No insurrec-
tion in a fragment of any nation has ever been
recognized as independent of the national Gov-
ernment with which it was in juxtaposition, form-
ing a part of that integral Government, while the
great body of the irntion exhibited a power and
purpose sufficient to maintain itself and suppress
the insurgents.
Does the Government of the Union show any
sign of tottering to a fall ? On the contrary, does
it not stand in full vigor, while the insurrection is
struggling in deathlike paroxysms? While fe-
rocious secession exhibits an energy which it<gpay
cost more blood to quell, no sane man can see in
its desperate convulsions anything but the writh-
ings of a parricide condemned to expiate guilt in
the folds of an anaconda. It is almost pressed to
death, when an honorable member from Pennsyl-
vania would invoke for it (albeit unwillingly) the
support from foreign Powers by theassnrance that
it had " by force of arms established its independ-
ence,"and that moral right was on its side, inas-
much jis it was declared by a vast majority of the
people to be affected by it. Never weie facts so per-
verted to reach such a conclusion. The doctrine of
secession was never countenanced by the votes of
a majority of the people of all the southern States,
much less by that of all the United States, the
whole people of which are entitled by their inter-
ests and the authority of numbers, and still more
positively by the articles of the Constitution, (the
common bond,) to contiol all questions arising
under it. The attempt to sustain the doctrine by
force of arms has also failed as completely as that
by argument.
In concluding the speech from which I have
quoted the'leading points, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania says:
"At the extra session of 1861 I advanced the same sii£-
gections and I have lepcated them on all occasions that F
deemed propei since. They were not then quite acceptable
to either side ot the Houms." lam glad to find that the Pi evi-
dent, after c:\relul examination, has coine to the same con-
clusion. In details we may not quite agtee, hut Iih plan of
reconstruction assumes the same geiieial.grounda."
The House will bear with me a little, while I
examine the details by which the gentleman and
the President reach the same general grounds of
reconstruction.
The gentleman [Mr. Stevens] begins by assert-
ing that the usurpers have by force of arms become
an independent power de facto. The gentleman
pretends that the President has acknowledged the
rebels as belligerents and entitled to the immuni-
ties of a foreign Power engaged with the United
States in war. t "
So far from this being true, the President has
manifested dissatisfaction that England and France
have, by acknowledging the rebels as belligerents,
favored these pirates, although at the same time
they disavow the conclusion drawn from it by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that they are an
independent and, as regards the United States, a
foreign power.
The gentleman declares the confederates out of
the Union and not subject to the Constitution and
laws of the United States.
The President, on the contrary, holds that they
are in the Union; that lie will hold them to it,as
liable to all the penalties of treason, under the
form and under the restrictions prescribed in the
Constitution and laws.
The gentleman insists that the heirs of rebels
can claim no interest in the confiscated estates of
parents condemned for treason, although the re-
version is expressly reserved for them under the
clause of the Constitution that the punishment
under condemnation for treason shall not extend
to forfeiture of estates except for the life of the
person attainted.
Per contra, the President holds that the law which
passed without this saving clause for the heirs vio-
lated the Constitution, and Congress'inserted the
provision to comply with his opinion, which was
embodied in a message to the House, giving his
sanction to the modified bill.
Here I stop a moment to inquire whether the
President has, " after careful examination, come
to the conclusion"to retract the opinion declared
in this message. If not, why the attempt to re-
peal the constitutional saving inserted in the act
by the last Congress? It looks like an attempt
to play into the hand of some rival who would
array a party against the President to drive him to
surrender his convictions and break his oath to
support the Constitution, or, by maintaining his
convictions and his oath, draw on the embar-
rassment of an opposition, disappointed of their
scheme of monopolizing inheritances at the ex-
pense of the public interests. Certainly nothing
could be worse for the Government and the masses
of our countrymen than that the great landed
estates should full again into the mortmain of great
capitalists. By being divided up in small lease-
holds among the laboring soldiers of the war, the
result would be either compromises between the
lease-holders and the heirs in reversion—the fiist
giving immediate possession of a part of his hold-
ing to the heir as a price for the fee simple of what
he retained—or the lease-holder during the life
of the rebel owner forfeiting it would realize out
of the product of his tenement means to purchase
a freehold of a portion. This sort of division be-
tween industrious lease-holders and heirs would
be beneficial to both. The one would be stimu-
lated to industry and economy, the other by the
increased value imparted to the pioperty ulti-
mately returning by subdivision among a multi-
tude of intelligent, active, thriving, though tem-
porary, owners, who, once having taken root in
the soil, would endeavor by utmost effort to make
the means of rendering their possession perma-
nent. The presence of such a population m the
rich lands ofthe South would surely enhance their
value. The forfeiting rebel refugee would find an
advantage in having a great community interested
in his long life, which would result probably in
arrangements meliorating his condition.
But to continue the details which, according to
the speech of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
bring him and the President to the same general
grounds in closing the conflict.
The gentleman,assuming that it is a war of
foreign States, adds: " By the laws of war the con-
queror may seize and convert to his own use every-
thing• that belongs to the enemy;" and by the enemy
he says expressly he means every man, woman,
and child who now remain in the confederate
States, including those who are loyal.
The President in all his proclamations touch-
ing this subject shows that he holds sacred the
law of nations as expounded by Wheaton; con-
fiscating no lands but such as are forfeited by
ticasoo; no personal property even in virtue of
conquest, except slaves, who are taken from the
hands of the enemy as instruments of warfare
and liberated with a pledge of remuneration to
loyal owners for their loss, and indemnity for in-
juries that they may receive from our armies.
The gentleman holds that the State governments
now under the usurpation, although recognized
and established as part ofthe Union by the Con-
stitution and the laws made in conformity with it,
are " abolished,"and " ice may holdthemin subjec*
tion and legislate for them as a conquered people.
The President holds no such doctrine, but di-
rectly the reverse. He looks upon the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and the constitutions of
all the States heretofore recognized by it, as still
subsisting, all uniting to establish, as written char-
ters and/nuniments of title, a right to that emi-
nent domain and political supremacy which the
national Government holds over this whole coun-
try. The President, in virtue of military power
which, as the representative ofthe supremacy of
the United States, he is called by the Constitution
to exert to save it and the Government, the State
constitutions and their governments, has struck
down slavery in certain sections, upon the prin-
ciple on which the enemies of these States and con-
stitutions are struck down in battle-fields. What
has thus perished in the war, ceases to be a part
of the institutions which have existence sanctioned
by any Constitution, State or national. The Pres-
ident's plan of reconstruction takes this ground
in the instructions given to General Steele to carry
it out on the petition of the people of Arkansas.
In that instruction he lays it down "that it be
assumed at the election," (proposed by the people,)
" and thenceforward, that the constitution and laws
ofthe State as before the rebellion are in full force,
except that the constitution is so modified as to dcclare
that there shall be neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude except in punishment for crimes wheieof
the party shall have been duly convicted."
The gentleman asserts that " it is mockery to
say that according to any principle of popular gov-
ernment yet established a tithe of the resiklent in-
habitants of an organized State can change its form
and carry on government because they are more holy
or more loyal than others."
The President holds that men disloyal and hos-
tile to a Government, dishabihtated by the com-
mission of treason to exercise the rights of citi-
zens, abdicate their place in the Government, and
devolve its administration on the loyal portion;
and he has ascertained from the precedents in the
State govei nments that a population equal to one
tenth of the whole number existing in any State
are adequate to its administration. He therefore,
when desired by them, invites elections in the
several States freed from the armies of the rebel-
lion, to ascertain whether a tithe of the loyal
population remain to supersede by civil govern-
ment under the republican constitutions that be-
long to them, the military administration imposed
by the necessities of war.
The gentleman proposes to supersede popular
elections by the loyal people of a State to renew
the action of their republican institutions, by the
Roman military law for conquered countries," rte
victis," woe to the vanquished, thus ignoring na-
tional law as ameliorated in modern times among
civilized Christian nations, and abolishing the
State governments which the Piesident by his
oath of office and the national Government he ad-
minsters is bound to guaranty.
The Presidenton his part resolves to respecthis .
own and the good faith ofthe nation; he recognizes
the existing governments held in abeyance for a
time by rebel aims, the rights of loyal citizens
suffering under them, opers to all such access to
the blessings of the Union thiough a renewal of
theirallegiance, and tendering to the mass of those
who were forced into the rebel ranks by the be-
trayal of false functionaries wielding the power
in the State and national Governments the healing
measure of an amnesty—the felon conspiiators
and agitators, the authors of our calamities, being
excluded.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania assumes
" that if you were to liberate every slave now, and
then readmit them as free Slates, the moment they
had acquired that standing they would reestablish
slavery and enslave every colored man within their
limits."
The President denies this; holds that the freed-
men are under the protection of the arm to which
they owe their hbei ties; has taken the precaution,
with the sanction of Congress, to place them be-
yond State jurisdiction, and to assure them in the
