1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ibility does not come upon us. Wo have held
the Senate here until the bill has come. It being
here and being within our reach, shall we not take
it up and pass it and give the country the benefit
of it, or shall we postpone it-until Monday? I
am frank to say that although I feel perfectly jus-
tified in the measures taken to postpone fixing the
day of ad journment until the bill should reach us,
the bill having reached us and Senators upon both
sides of the Chamber pledging themselves when
the hour is fixed for the adjournment they will
take the vote on thisquestion without opposition,
now it seems to me the object is accomplished;
and therefore, in order to stand entirely justified,
we should take up the bill.
Mr. COWAN. I have a single remark to
make. If the good people of the United States
had sat in the galleries to-night and observed the
ability with which we manage the affairs of the
nation and the statesmanship displayed by us, I
am very doubtful whether they would have in-
vited us to stay here until Monday noon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have sought the floor
several times for the purpose of replying toa per-
sonal remark made by the Senator from Iowa;
but the Senator from Maine was not willing that
I should reply to it at one time, and I will take
but a moment to do so now. The Senator from
Iowa says that I have entered into combinations
to prevent the passage of measures in former
times when I believed the public good would be
prejudiced by their passage". Whenever I did so
I took the responsibility, and never shirked any
position that I took ia regard to legislative mat-
ters. If I have undertaken to defeat them by
parliamentary devices and delays, I have done it
openly and above-board and taken the responsi-
bility of my action in reference to them. If Sen-
ators think it consistent with propriety to pursue
that course to-night, of course it is their right to
do so, and I have no more to say in regard to it.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose the Senator did
not understand me as attributing to him then or
now any improper motive.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no.
Mr. HARLAN. I did not intend anything of
that kind.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have cooperated before
with the Senator frofn Illinois in what he is pleased
to term to-night " factious opposition." I did it
then under a high sense of duty to my country.
I do it now under a high sense of duty to my
country. I then believed the majority were at-
tempting to do that which would injure the best
interests of my country; and I feel to-night that
the Senator from Illinois and those who cooperate
with him are acting against the best interests of
my country. I believe they are violating the
highest duties known to patriots and statesmen,
without any offensive intent in that remark. I
believe they are as honest in their views as I am
in mine, but I believe now they are mistaken as
I believed then that the majority was mistaken.
I then took the responsibility as much as the
Senator from Illinois did, and ^now take the re-
sponsibility as much as 1 did then, and 1 shirk no
portion of it.
Sir, the measure which the Senate deems im-
portant may, as the Senator from Iowa has re-
marked, be defeated by one single man. I have
given notice that that bill shall not pass to-night
if my objection will prevent it from passing; nor
shall it. I have not read that bill. 1 know noth-
ing that is in that bill. I do not propose to
have hasty legislation where my objection will
prevent it. It shall not be passed to-night if my
objection will prevent it. I am prepared to stay
here until I believe it to be the duty of this body
to adjourn, or until it has accomplished all that
the nation sent it here to do. 1 will vote persist-
ently against every motion to fix a day for ad-
journment until the business that we were sent
here to accomplish is done.
Mr. President, the Senator from Wisconsin has
not stated all the objections that I have to fixing
a day for the adjournment. There was a con-
scription bill sent here from the House of Rep-
resentatives by four majority, as I am informed,
that I believe to be a bad bill. 1 would hold these
two bodies here until the House receded from the
bad portions of that bill and consented to a more
perfect bill. I would sit here until the House
consent to levy a heavier tax than it has already
levied upon the income of the people of the Uni-
ted States, a tax that would yield not ten or fif-
teen millions, as it is said this will yield, but a
hundred millions; and the press, the public sen-
timent, the universal sentiment of this nation
would compel, that House within one week from
to-day to levy such a tax as would_ send gold
down fifty per cent. and. relieve the Treasury from
fifty per cent, of its present burdens and of its
burdens during the coming year.
We have higher duties than to fix the day of
adjournment, in my opinion. I believe to-night
that if this body were full, if the Senate had or-
dered a call of the House, you could not pass your
resolution to adjourn at twelve o'clock on Mon-
day; but the majority of those present, underthe
lead of the Senator from Illinois, have decided
that it shall be put through to-niglit, and I have
no factious opposition to render further. I say
again, as I said when I got up, that I take the re-
sponsibility of every act that I have performed
to-night, and of every act that I ever perform. I
shirk no responsibility. I take the responsibility
of objecting to the consideration of that bill that
some parties here deem important, and 1 give no-
tice in advance that I Vfill object, and if my ob-
jection will prevent its passage it shall no't pass
to-night. Now, sir, fix your adjournment on
Monday and take the responsibility, for it does
not rest on me. I take no portion of it. I oppose
it; I have opposed it; I will oppose it; but I say
to the Senate and the country that no portion of
that responsibility, no iota of it, rests upon me,
not a particle. Let the Senator from Illinois and
his friends on the other side of the House fix the
hour; adjourn now sine die if they please, and
take the responsibility. I take none of it.
Mr. SUMNER. I take it, sir, that the pro-
ceedings to-night are utterly without precedent
in the history of the Senate. It is now more than
two hours into Sunday morning. The Senate
has on former occasions sat on Sunday morning,
but, as we all know, it was under the exigency of
the Constitution which brought the session to a
close on the 4th of March. There is no sueh ex-
igency now, and this Sunday morning debate is
instituted simply in order to secure an adjourn-
ment of Congress on Monday. That is tile sin-
gle object of all that you are doing here to-night
—all these strange proceedings, making a sort of
Walpurgis night of Sunday morning. But I say
nothing of incidental matters. 1 bring home the
fact that you now extend your session into Sun-
day morning merely that you may hasten away
on Monday morning. It is not for any public
exigency; it is not to pass any great measure; it
is not to comply with any requirement of the
Constitution, but simply to satisfy your own
desires or predilections to leave Washington on
Monday morning.
And now,sir, as to leaving Washington on Mon-
day morning, we are told that the other House
wish to leave, and that it has already disposed of
the question of taxation by sending us a propo-
sition for an income tax, and the Senator over the
way, [Mr. Lane, of Kansas,] who tells us he has
kept such a sharplookout on the House to-night,
announces that all other propositions are dis-
carded , that there is to be no tax on tobacco, no
tax upon whisky on hand, no tax on anything
else, for the House has come to that conclusion.
Does the Senatorknow that if Congress continues
in session twenty-four hours longer, or forty-eight
hours longer, the House will not be wiser and
more patriotic? Does the Senator who has kept
such a sharp lookout on the House know that
the House will not rise at last to the require-
ments of the hour?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call the Senator from
Massachusetts to order.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the Senator state his point
of order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The point of order is
that his remaiks are reflecting on the House of
Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion the point of order is well taken. It
has been practiced too often on the part of Sena-
tors to allude to the House of Representatives.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, sir. 1 bow to the
correction of the Chair. I did not intend 
Mr. RICHARDSON. I insist upon the rules
of the Senate being observed
Mr. SUMNER. I said that,I bowed to thes
decision of the Chair. ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator;
will proceed unless there be objection.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Does th^Chair decide*
that the Senator is entitled to proceed when he,
has been called to order aad the point of order
sustained, without permission of the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, permission will be presumed to be
granted. The Chair said that unless there were
objection the Senator would proceed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. In order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope I shall proceed in order.
I certainly did not intend to proceedoutoforder.
I was not aware that I was making any reflection
on the Housejgf Representatives. We criticise
very freely eacn other; the members of one House
criticise the proceedings of another House, and
we criticise the country, and the country'criti-
cises us.
Now, sir, "we are told that the House has dis-
posed of the question of taxation. 1 am in order
when I allude to that. May we not hope, then,
that if the session is extended a little longer they
will see the necessity of increased taxation; may
we not hope that they will give some answer to
that communication from the late Secretary of
the Treasury asking for an increase of taxation?
May we not hope that they will do something
further to sustain the army now before Richmond
and something further to sustain the national cred-
it? And letme say thatthearmy before Richmond
will he sustained by sustaining the national credit.
And yet, sir, leaving all this mighty question of
taxation absolutely unsettled, leaving the com-
munication of your late Secretary of the Treas-
ury unnoticed, avoiding action upon it, Congress
is asked to separate and to mingle again with
the people. Will they be welcome to the people?
Sir, the people have sent us here to save this coun-
try by maintaining its armies in the field and by
maintaining the national credit. Is this the way
you maintain the armies in the field and the na-
tional credit? When your Secretary of the Treas-
ury asks for increased taxation, when the people
cry out for increased taxation, when even the
press is clamorous for increased taxation, Con-
gress votes to abandon these seats and go home !
No,sir,not-according to thedictatesof patriotism
can any such conduct be, unless I misread those
dictates. Our duty is to be here until all these
exigencies are completely find absolutely met and
provided for. On other occasions, in other days
I have known Congress occupied for days and
weeks in the discussion of an appropriation of
$500,000 or #1,000,000 or $2,000,000, and now
we have a demund upon us for $100,000,000 and
you do not deign even to notice it, although you
are told that if you do not add that amount to
your taxation the national credit itself will suffer.
Sir, already we have a national debt which I
will not venture to estimate, to the payment of
which the country is ultimately pledged, to the
payment of the interest of which in gold it is also
pledged. Are you willing that this national debt
should suffer in its character; are you willingthat
the national currency which is now inaugurated
shall suffer in its character? Surely you are not;
but if you vote to abandon this whole question
and go home it will be a blow at the national
credit which will be felt in the national debt and
in the national currency wherever they are to be
found. Therefore, sir, again I make my appeal
for the sake of the national credit and for the sake
of the national currency even if you are willing
to abandon the Army in the field; I plead with
you not to leave this post of duty until you have
completely met and dealt with that great question.
It is not sufficient to say that the House of rep-
resentatives has not acted or has acted adversely
on any proposition of taxaiion. I know not that
to-morrow or the next day, if opportunity is
afforded, that it will not see the way of duty other-
wise.
But the Senate is not constrained to await eten
on a revenue bill the lead of the House. It may not
originate such a bill, but it may.amend it; so that
if the House send us, as is announced, a bill for
an income tax, we may amend it by a tax on
tobacco and whisky, the two articles which I have
already snid should be made to support this Gov-
