THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RITES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1864.
New Series No..33.
mean time of a safeguard under such an organi-
zation, with tiie national force, as will preclude
all apprehension of the danger suggested. -
This parallel, in my opinion, is a fair expose,
showing that the gentleman looks to reconstruc-
tion on quite a different basis from that of the
President. He admits that in details they do not
quite agree, but assumes that they come to the
"same general grounds;" that is, that " his (the
President's) plan Is wholly outsule of and unknown
to the Constitution." It is thus that he would
make the President take the responsibility of the
secession, abolitiori,absolute-conquest doctrine he
[Mr. Stevens] broaches in defianceof national and
State constitutions, the law of the civilized world
and of all humanity. 1 take my stand on the Lin-
coln platfoim.
[ would say a word in reference to the remnant
of slavery which does not fall under the proclama-
tions called out by military necessity. I would im-
plore Congress to redeem its pledge to make com-
pensation for emancipation in the border States,
by making specific appropriations to each, en-
abling the President to tender the remuneration
which may in his opinion be requisite to accom-
plish a universal deliverance. I hope the States
may vote it with or without compensation. If
not, then it may be sought through an amendment
of the Constitution in the prescribed mode, with
or without compensation as the public will may
demand.
The great consummation for the peace and hap-
piness andglory ofourcountry should be wrought
out with unflinching zeal. The sooner the better
will be the success. To make it a blessing to the
victims of centuries of oppression, in my judg-
ment it is necessary that they should be trans-
planted to sumc of our Vcieant regions, if remote
colonization cannot be effected in such an emer-
gency. The plan proposed by Senator Lane, of
Kansas, of acquiring a home for the " laboring
landless race" on the southern frontier of Texas
seems to promise the best results. They never
can enjoy freedom, equality, civil rights, or even
safety of property or person unless separated from
the dominant race under institutions administered
by themselves. *
Allow me to say to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania that the Resident's policy of amnesty,
reconstruction of the States, and the segregation
of the white and black races, bears not the slight-
est resemblance to the doctrine of the spoliation of
an entire people, the annihilation of the States,
and the disfranchisement of the people of our
own race, thus putting them upon equality with
the blacks. So far from being the truth that the
President and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
stands upon " common ground," 1 am apprehen-
sive that the gentleman is anxious to saddle the
President with the odium of doctrines which are
known to be those of rival aspirants for the Presi-
dency, and which have proved fatal to their as-
pirations. It is because the President has soared
■ "above these unconstitutional and inhuman dog-
mas, and has shown in his whole Administration,
and more especially in his recent proclamations,
that he was for amnesty and the restoration of the
Union as soon as the inhabitants of the revolted
States would resume their allegiance and provide
against the recurrence of revolt by removing its ^
cause, that the great body of the loyal people of
the country have responded to his words of wis-
dom and patriotism, and have demanded his re-
nomination by nn almost universal acclaim, thus
dissipating the hopes of those rival aspirants,
built on the supposed exasperation of the people
against the South and their lust for its spoils. I
am not without the apprehension that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania wishes also to destroy
the President by attributing to him sentiments so
justly obnoxious to a great and magnanimous
people. The gentleman from Ohio,'[Mr. Gar-
field,] who said the other day on this floor that .
"we had an army of abolitionists" m the field,
and who added that our soldiers and those with
whom they have fought felt no animosity or per-
sonal bitterness toward each other, not only said
33
that which was entirely true, but his words will
equally apply to the whole people of our country,
who have shown by their almost universal support
of the President that they mean utterly to destroy
shivery, and that they do not mean either to de-
grade or exterminate their own race in the South.
Of a piece with the ingenious but rather disin-
genuous assault of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania upon the President is an occurrence which
took place in the other end of the Capitol some
days since, and which I find recorded in the Daily
Globe. A Senator from my own State [Mr.
Brown] presented what purported to be a me-
morial from members of the Legislature of Mis-
souri, and a protest of four Representatives from
that State, against the confirmation of General
Schofield as a major general. I do not mention
this circumstance to comment on the extraordi-
nary and most unbecoming declaration contained
in that protest, in which these four members claim
to be the only representatives of the Union men
of Missouri, for there is nothing in the character
or history of either of them to warrant this arro-
gant assumption, but for the purpose of exposing
a covert assault upon the President under the pre-
text of defeating the confirmation of General Scho-
field. If it had been the object to elTect the latter
purpose this paper would have been presented in
executive session, where nominations aie consid-
ered, and not in the open session of the Senate,
as it purports to have been done, when no such
matter can properly come before that body. The
memorial and protest contained only matters
which had been previously submitted to the Pres-
ident by a great committee of radicals, which vis-
ited Washington for that purpose; and these state-
ments had been examined into by the President,
who, in his reply, plainly declared that he did
not believe them to be true. Yet the President
is airaigned upon the.se same stale and discred-
ited statements before the country upon the me-
morial of members of the Missouri Legislature
and four members of this House, under the pre-
tense of asking thatGeneral Schofield should not
be confirmed, and that, too, after an agreement
was had with the President that no opposition
should be made to Schofield's confirmation, but
that he should be, on his own request, relieved
from the command in Missouri. The President,
I presume, in his desire for peace among those
who professed to be loyal, was willing to make
this concession: but after accepting the concession,
these parues flew from thoiragreement, under the
dictation of bolder and more open enemies of the
President and his Administration, who would not
permit the opportunity for assailing him to pass.
To show the spirit which animated this assault
upon the President by his professed friends, 1 will
read to the House a few brief extracts from the
leading radical papers of Missouri.
The" Westliclio Post, the most influential Ger-
man paper in Missouri, says :
" It I? scarcely neoe^ary to i epeat—apat I from this seri-
ous and crucial danger with whieh the reelection of Lin-
coin threaten*-; Us—all In- special sins ad nauseam. We
have at j>« cr-ent nothing to do but lo doe late lien'w ith, once
for all, that we, fuppoi "-<1 i>y honest coin letton of .tli tnendb
of fieedom in our State, cannot Mjppon Mr. Lincoln's re-
election under any eneunii-tances whatever."
The Missouiian, a radical paper printed at
Springfield, snuffing the danger of Lincoln's nom-
ination, says:
"The earnest jadicals of this Union will never be bound
by Hie proceeding? of any but a radical national conven-
tion, and Rich convention will hf coiled at an e;u iv day, in
spite of all the obsolete lcpublican conventions that can be
gathered together."
The Missouri Democrat, a paper boughtup by
Fremont with public patronage and which went
heartily into his scheme for a western dictatorship,
whines over the recent defeat of the radicals m
Missouri,and says it was accomplished by three
administrations combined—"one at Washington,
one at Richmond, and one at Jefferson City."
It was the spirit which animates these extracts
and which broke out in fury when it was rumored
in Missouri that all opposition to the confirmation
of Schoficld was to be withdrawn and he relieved
from the command, at his request, that drove these
gentlemen from their agreement and produced the
extraordinary spectacle at the other end of the
Capitol. I should have had more respect for those
engaged in it if the assault on the President had
been characterized by the same bold and frpen
spirit as that which compelled it. I trust that the .
friendsofMr.Lincoln's Administration will here-
after be able to appreciate the assumptions of
those who claim to be the only representatives of
the Union men of Missouri, in derogation of the
character of others who have sustained the policy
of the Government from the beginning up to this
hour.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I will say that the
policy of the Administiation, sanctioned and sus-
tained by the great masses of the loyal people of
the country, is'silently and surely working'the
extinction of the rebellion and the restoiatiori of
the^Union upon the firm and enduring basis of
universal freedom. I have seen myself how the
resistless march of our victorious armies is fol-
lowed and their victories secured by a peaceful
tide of population, sprung from the loins of the
great North, bringing with them their industry
and thrift to heal the wounds and restore the waste
inflicted by the fierce conflicts of war, and even
bringing a better civilization and a more healthful
prosperity than ever yet reigned in the fair lands of
the South. The city in which I live, and which I in
part represent on this floor,has risen renewed under
the influence of this life-giving tide. Washing-
ton city, which lies open before our eyes, gives
signs of life never felt beforehand which willsoon
build it up to rival the greatest arid fairest cities of
the North. That which all of us can see here I have
seen in Nashville, Memphis, Helena, and Vicks-
burg, an influx of new people to supply the places
of the flying rebels, and repentant and contrite
rebels returning to their homes, all alike determ-
ined toeliminatethat dreadful evil which brought
them all their woes. New Orleans, I am told, is
almost a New England city; and along the banks
of the Mississippi the plantations are rapidly
passinginto loyalhands; and with cotton at eighty
and ninety cents a pound every northern man
can easily compute the time itwill take to renew
the number of its inhabitants, and make its rich
delta produce more cotton than ever grew on its
banks in any former season. I speak of that which
has fallen under my own observation, where the
arms of our troops give security to the citizen.
Is it likely that these rigorous men of the North
who have gone to win wealth in the South will
agree to see those States reduced to the condition
of Territories? Is there any reason why itshould
be done? I doubt not that every State that is
wrested from the military power of the rebels will
be repeopled by the men of the North, who, in
conjunction with the loyalists of the South and
those who have become sick of the rebellion, will
equal in numbers those who composed tlie States
prior to the rebellion. Why should not Louis-
rnna—in which noteventheKnightsoftheGolden
Circle, armed with the muskets and cannon fur-
nished by Buchanan's Administration, could co-
erce a majority vote for secession—come back into
the Union and accept now the protection which
the Constitution guaianticd to her, and which was
too long delayed when first assailed by the con-
spirators armed by the Government itself? Let
her return renewed and made vigorous with the
blood ofthe men of the North. -
Shall Tennessee be repulsed, whose devoted loy-
alty. bright and puie as in the soul of Jackson,
still burns in the breasts of her sturdy mountain-
eers, and which no despotism can extinguish ? In
Arkansas slavery has already been abolished by
a convention, and her allegiance renewed at the
price of that which severed it. Shall Arkansas
be excluded from the Union from which she was
torn by fierce and fraud and against the declared
will of her people ? To do so would be a grosser
fraud and a more intolerable crime than the act
of the traitors to whom we furnished the arms
with which their temporary usurpation was ac-
complished.
