2536*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
uiation of the elective franchise in the State of
Kentucky contrary to herown laws. Onthe28th
of July, 1863, he issued his order. What is it?
He commands that " none but loyal men shall act
as officers of the election." What next? These
judges of election are Ordered to allow no one to
offer himself as a candidate for office, or be voted
for at said election, who is not in all things loyal
to the State and Federal Governments, and in
favor of a vigorous prosecution of the war for the
suppression of the rebellion. The order then
winds up in this wise:
" judges of election will allow no one to vote at said
election unless he Is known to thorn to be on undoubtedly
loyal citizen, or unless he shall Brut take the oatb required
by the laws of the State of Kentucky.
" No disloyal man will offer liitnstelf as a candidate, or
attempt to vote, except for tieasonablp. pmposex; and all
cuch efforts will be summarily suppressed by the military
authorities.
"Ail necessarv protection will be supplied and guarantied
at the polls to Union men by all the military force within
this command."
How did this .work? How was it executed?
I find by the evidence that in many instances those
who offered to vote and those who refused to vote,
those who took the oath and those who refused
to take the oath, were alike arrested; one for tak-
ing it and the other for refusing to take it. They
were arrested for voting and for refusing to vote;
for swearing and for refusing to swear. Such
were the workings of the orders of this emperor
of Kentucky. He was colonel of the sixty-fifth
Indiana. lie was not the greatest mail in our
State, but he was great enough, it seems, to be
• supreme in Kentucky. lie was lord and dictator
there, and the laws peushed at hmglance. Lib-
erty fled before him. Kentucky ceased to be a
sovereign State in his presence. Land of ancient
glory, linkage dimmed thyeyeand palsied thyarm?
Sir, this order of enslavement was written in the
town of Owensboro', where the sitting member
resides. The sitting member says that the asser-
tion of that fact in the minority report which 1
hove presented, and thai he franked it to his constit-
uents, is an interpolation. In Older to show how
accurate the sitting member la in his statements,
I will read from ins own printed answer to the
notice of the contestant—his own personal state-
ment on that subject. He says :
I did liol '■ luHll ate the publication ol'feaid order ami oath
wtth a viewol preventing a lull and fair expiescion of pub-
lic opinion on August 3,1863, bin, in a eunversatinn with
said Foster, told him that, owi K to my pomtion, 1 would
give no advice or make no suggptuion what the mlhiary
ought to do, except to request that any action taken should
be as nnld us possible, and sought no inteiview wutl linn
for that or any oilier purpoie ; mid I deny thai s,aiil order
was intended or%?ed for any other purpose tlnm to enforce
the law of Kentucky, and the proclamation of Joseph P.
Robinson, Governor ol Kentucky, of date July 20, 1^3, en-
forcing obedience to the act ol Maieli 11, 1S62. Colonel
Foster did have a right to issue said order.
Mr.YEA.MAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me?
Mr. VOORHEES. Certainly.
Mr.YEAMAN. The language the gentleman
has quoted ia in the allegation in the notice. 1
quoted that language, putting it in quotation
marks and denying it, X'he denial I made was
that 1 had seen this order before it was published.
Iho assei lion I made while the contestant wus
speaking, and which I now repeat to the House,
was that the interpolation into Ihis minority re-
port of the fact of franking was mado without
finding it in the record or any evidence in the
case, and he cannot avoid it.
Mr. McIIENRY. I tTiink I can explain all
this matter. It is stated in the minority report
that it was stated by the contestant in the com-
mittee-room that the sitting member had franked
tnat document, and it was not denied. Therefore
the admission upon the part of the sitting mem-
ber that he had done so was drawn from that.
1 take occasion here to remark that I would not
say anything to do the gentleman an injury, or j
say anything here which was not strictly correct, '
and 1 do not suppose the gentleman believes 1
would. I misapprehended the gentleman'sques- ,
tton, or at least 1 did not understand it, when 1 ,
wns ifsked in relation to what i stated about his 1
knowing any thing about this order before it was
published. What I intended to say was that the '
genth man knew of* these orders before they wore |
issued. I meant before they were sent out to the !
country. If that is not so, as a matter of course
I withdraw anything I said with reference to that !
matter.
Mr. YEAMAN. I affirm distinctly that I never
saw or heard of thatorderuntil I saw itin printed
form on the street. The allegation I denied was
that it was not submitted to me before it was
printed; and 1 now deny it again.
Now I desire to ask the gentleman from Indi-
ana a question, and 1 want him to answer it fully.
I affirm that he never was present in that com-
mittee-room to hear one motion, one argument,
one allegation, or one denial. Now I ask him
where he got that fact which he put into that mi-
nority report?
Mr. VOORHEES. I will answer 
Mr. YEAMAN. One remark more.
Mr. VOORHEES. No, sir. J will answer the
gentleman now. I have drawn this minority re-
port from the evidence as it is printed, from the
notice of contest upon the part of the contestant,
and from the answer of the sitting member. From
these sources, which comprise the whole case,
and every word of which is printed in a book
which I hold in my hand, I drew the minority
report. It is true 1 was not enlightened by the
argument the gentleman made bfefore the com-
mittee, and of that he complains. I confess it
was my loss, but I was absent for the best of rea-
sons—the condition of my health. I examined
everything,however,in connection with this case,
and reached the conclusion I have stated in this
report.
One word further on this point. The gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Yeaman] need not put
on any airs in catechising me. I want him to dis-
tinctly understand that if he means to state that I
interpolated anything into my report attaching a
personally offensive meaning to that charge, he
states what is false, and the truth is not in him.
That is my answer to that.
Mr. YEAMAN. One remark.
Mr. VOORHEES. No, sir; I have yielded to
him time and again.
Mr. YEAMAN. Very well; the gentleman
will hear from me.
Mr. CRAVENS. I tiust rny colleague will
yield. It is a mere question of fact, which can
easily be explained.
Mr. VOORHEES. I believe I generally con-
duct debate in a fair way; at least such is my
purpose. So far as this case is concerned, I have
not had the slightest personal feeling; certainly
none against the sitting member. The House
will bear witness in what manner he has treated
what 1 conceived to be a legitimate argument
upon this subject.
Hut to return to the point from which I have
been diverted. Here is his answer, which I again
read. Hesays it h a quotation. There are quo-
tation marks at the commencement of this para-
graph, but none anywhere else. Where it ends
1 cannot say; hut I will read it againyand the
House can judge whether it is not his own state-
ment, and not that of somebody else. He says:
I did not "instigate the publication of said order and
oath wuli a view ot' preventing a lull and lair expression
or public opinion on August 3,1W33, but, in a conversation
with said Foster, told him that, owing to my position, I
would give uo advice or make no Kiggcsuoinvliuf the nuh-
taty ought to do, except to request tluu any action taken
should be as mild as possible, and sought no interview
with him for that or any other purpose ; ami I deny that
!<dkl otder was Intended or used tor any other purpose than
to enioree the law nf Kentucky, and the proclamation of
Joseph F. Knbinson, Governer of Kentucky, of date July
20, i^U3, enforcing obedience to the actuf March 11,1862.
Colonel Foster did have a right to issue said oider.
There is the answer of the silting member. I
found it in examining this case. As to his flank-
ing this order over the district, he admits it upon
the floor of this House. He says he had the right
to do it. So he had. The law of Congress allows
two kinds of matter to be franked. One is pub-
lic documents. This was not a document of that
kind; it was not printed by order of Congress.
The other kind is a member's own private papers;
and when the sitting member franked this order,
as he has admitted he did, he made it his own
under the law. 1 leave it to the House to judge
how probable it is that a gentleman aspiring' to
office would circulate an important docunlent bear-
ing upon his election of which he disapproved.
Sir, 1 do not know which is the oldest, the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wadsworth] or
myself; we are neither, however, very far ad-
vanced in life; but it has been a long time since
I was young enough to believe m simplicity of
that kind.
Sir, this was the first military edict in that de-
partment. What comes next? General Shack-
leford was not satisfied with the laws of Ken-
tucky; he desired to improve upon them. "What
was the necessity? By an act of the Legislature
of that State any one who had participated in the
rebellion was disqualified from participating at
the polls as a citizen of Kentucky. The laws of
Kentuclr^expatriate such a man; but this, it
seems, was not enough for this general. Sir, I
abhor usurpation and tyranny. I love liberty; I
love it with all my soul. I hate usurpation; I
abhor tyrants; but I detest and despise the in-
struments by which tyrants work. This man
erects a standard of loyalty before which all Ken-
tucky must bow, Hesays that no man shall be
a candidate for any office, or shall be voted for,
who is not in favor of a vigorous prosecution of
this war. This order was issued on the 28th of
July. On the 31st, two days after, General Burn-
side issued his order. This pyramid of infamy,
of iniquity and crime, commenced at the apex,
is inverted, stands upon the sma>ll end; com-
mences with Foster and ends with Bumside. On
the 31st General Bumside issued his order; and
what a fall was there ! Kentucky laid down pros-
trate; put her mouth in the dust while the chains
of a white man *s slavery clanked above the graves
of Clay, Crittenden, Hardin,*Bowen, McKee,
and Menefee. The election took place under these
three orders; and you ask me to say that it was
a free and pure election! I can do nothing of the
kind; no, sir, not for a moment. But these or-
ders treat of the question of loyalty. Who is "a
loyal man?" My friend from Delaware [Mr.
Smithers] who made the majority report in this
case has his notions as to what constitutes a loyal
man. I have mine, and you have yjours. We
differ, and we have the right to differ. But the
 constant use of this word loyalty is a little un-
fortunate; it means fidelity to a prince or poten-
tate. h may be that this is an initiative word to
bring us up to that point.
But Kentucky occupies no doubtful position in
regard to loyalty. She has defined who are loyal
citizens, and has by law expatriated from her
bosom those who have raised their arms against
the Federal Government. He who has given aid
to, joining with and assisting this rebellion, is, by
a law of Kentucky, wiped outof existence as one
of her citizens. That is easy and plain to be un-
derstood. Why not stand upon that law ? Why
was not this Colonel Foster satisfied with that
state of things? Why should he add to the defi-
nition, that a man in older to be loyal must be in
favor ofa vigorous prosecution of the war? There
are many men in the country, and honest men
too, and m my opinion wiser, who think that a
vigorous prosecution of peace would do a great
deal more good, and result infinitely more favor-
ably to the cause of the Union, to the cause of
liberty and humanity, than the constant and
wholesale destruction of human life which we now
behold. They have a right to think thus,aright
that will be maintained, Mr. Speaker, at all haz-
ards.
But the orders did not stop there. I will now
show by the evidence that it was not even a ques-
tion of supporting tins war. On page 11 of the
printed documents in this case this item of tes-
timony occurs:
" % same. Was not the following additional oath tend-
ered to voters and made a condition upon their voting:
{ Vou do solemnly swear that you will support the Consti-
tution of the United States, the present Administration, and
the enforcement of its laws, the constitution of Kentucky
and the enforcement of Us laws;* and did notvotfrs apply
to vote and offer to take Colonel Foster'? oath or the expa-
triation oath ot Kentucky, and were refused because Uiey
would not take the above oath?
''Answer. That is coireet."
Oathswere plenty there. Foster required one.
The laws of Kentucky required another. And
here was still another tendered to this voter:
" By same. State if you do or not know that persons at
Curdavilie desned to vote for McIIenry and weie refused
by the officers because they would not Mvear1 to support
the policy of the present Federal Adminlstlauon.,
l< Answer, f do.
" By same. State the names of some of them.
u Answer. Henry Clay, Nelson Beaid, George Clark,
and N. Beard went up and claimed a light to vote. But
they were refused their votes because they would not take
the oath to support the Admimstsatiou. They were old
men, and Nelson Beard was ordered awny from the polls.
Ue left with tears m his eyeb.5'
" Woe unto a country when
She sees the tears of bearded men."
