1560
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
disposed of, or to which the right of preemption
may have attached, together with the sections
and parts of sections designated and appropriated,
are to be held and disposed of by that State for
the prescribed use and purpose. But the land to
be so selected is in no ease to belocatcd further than
twenty miles from the lines of the roads; and the
lands thus granted are to be exclusively applied
to the construction of the roads, and for no other
purpose whatever, and are to be disposed of only
as the work progresses through the same. All
lands heretofore reserved to the United States by
any act of Congress, or in any other manner by
competent authority, for the purpose of aiding in
any object of internal improvement, or for any
other purpose whatsoever, are reserved to the
United States from the operations of this act, ex-4
cept so far as it may be found necessary to locate
the routes of the roads through such reserved
lands; in which case the right of way only will
be granted, subject to the approval of the Presi-
dent of the United States. Nothing in this en-
actment or in any existing law is to be so con-
strued as to prevent the junction of the railroad
first named with the Dubuque and Sioux City
railroad, at a point west of the Des Moines river,
and the construction and use of a common trunk
thence to Sioux City, on such terms and condi-
tions as may be prescribed by the State of Iowa,
and the application of that portion of the lands
thus granted, and heretofore granted for the use
and benefit of the Dubuque and Sioux City rail-
road, pertaining to that part of each road west of
the point of junction, to aid in the construction
of the common trunk road, as if no junction were
made.
The State, in addition to the grant heretofore
mentioned, is also to be authorized to locate the
roads over any public lands of the United States
not otherwiseappropriated, reserved, or disposed
of, and the right of way over those lands of the
United States for that purpose is granted to that
State to the width of one hundred feet on each
eide of the roads as located. The sections and
parts of sections of land which by such grantshall
remain to the United States within ten miles on
each side of the roads are not to be sold for less
than double the minimum price of the public lands
when sold, nor are any of the lands not hereto-
fore offered for sale according to law to become
subject to sale at private entry until they shall
have been fit st offered at public sale to the highest
bidder at or above the minimum price. I5ut act-
ual bona fide settlors under the preemption laws
of the United States may, after due proof of set-
tlement, improvement, and occupation, as now
provided by law, purchase the same at the in-
creased minimum price; and settlers under the
provisions of the homestead law who comply with
the terms and requirement# of thai act are to he
entitled to patents for an amount not exceeding
eighty acres each. The lands thus granted are
to be subject to the disposal of the Legislature
of Iowa for the purposes specified and no other;
and the railroads are to be public highways for
the use of the Government of the United States,
free of till toll or other charges upon the trans-
portation of any property or troops of the United
States.
When the Governor of that State shall certify
to the Secretary of the Interior that any ten con-
secutive miles of either of the roads are completed
m good, substantial, and workmanlike manner as
a iu'sl-ciuHs railroad, the Secretary of the Interior
is to issue to the State patents for the land oppo-
site to and coterminous with the completed sec-
tion; and also on the completion of each succes-
sive section of ten miles until the roads or either
of them are completed, when the whole of the
lands thus granted will be patented to the State
for the uses mentioned and none other. But if the
loads are not completed within ten years no fur-
ther patents will be issued to the State for the lands,
and no further sale of the lands will be made by
the State, and the lands unsold will levert to the
United States.
As soon as the Governor of Iowa shall file or
cause fo be filed with the Secretary of the Interior
maps designating the probable routes of the roads,
it will be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior
to withdraw from market the lands embraced
within the provisions of this act.
The United States mail is to be transpoitrd on
the roads undei the direction of the Pofct Office
Department, at such price as Congress may by
law provide; and until such price is fixed by law,
the Postmaster General is to-have power to fix
the rate of compensation.
The bill also proposes to grant to the State of
Minnesota, to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Mankato, in that State, to the southern
boundary thereof, so as to connect with and be-
come a part of the railroad mentioned in the first
section of this act, to be located from Cedar Falls
to the northern boundary of Iowa, in the direc-
tion of Mankato; also fiom Mankato to the
southern boundary of the State of Minnesota, so
as to connect with and become a part of the rail-
road mentioned in the first section of this act, to
be located from Sioux City, in the State of Iowa, to
the northern boundary thereof, in the direction of
Mankato, every alternate section of public lands
of the United States, not mineral, designated by
odd numbers, m like quantity per mile of the rail-
roads situated in the State of Minnesota, and on
conditions and with limitations in every respect
the same as those attached to the grant now to
be made to the State of Iowa.
Mr. WILKINSON. In line thirteen, of set^
tion one, I move to strike out the words "in the
direction of Mankato," and to insert "so as to
connect with the Minnesota Central railroad."
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. In line seven of section
eight, I move to strike out the words "in the di-
rection of Mankato," and to insert " so as to con-
nect with the Minnesota Southern railroad."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, and was read the third time, and passed.
DEATH OF JOHN C. KIVKS.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourn to-day, it be to meet on Thursday
next. I make this motion m order to give Sena-
tors an opportunity to attend the funeral of Mr.
Itives, who was an officer of this body. A sim-
ilar motion has been agreed to in the House of
He preson ta ti ves unanimously.
The motion was unanimously agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIONTSD.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lj.oyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 12) extending the
tune within which the States and Territoi ies may
accept the grant of lands made by the act entitled
" An act donating public lands to the several
States and Territories which may provide col-
leges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-
chanic aits," approved July 2, 1862.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message also announced that the President
of the United States had approved and signed, on
the yth instant, the following acts:
An act (II. R. C. C. No. 114) for the relief of
Daniel Woimer;
An act (11. R. C. C. No. 115) for the relief of
Dat uis S. Cole;
An art (It. R. C. C. No. 11G) for the relief of
William G. Hrown; and
An act (H. R. No. 302) to amend section nine
of the act approved July 17, 1862, entitled "An
act to define the pay and emoluments of certain
officers of the Army, and for other purposes."
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tctnporc. The morning
hour having expired, the unfinished business of
yesterday, as the special order of the day, takes
precedence of all other business. The bill (H.
R. No. 151) making appropriation for the naval
service for the year ending June 30,1865, is now
before the Senate as m Committee of the Whole,
the pending question being upon an amendment
mo\ed by the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hale,] by direction of the Committee on
Naval Affairs. That amendment is to strike out
of the clause making appropriation for the navy-
yard at Boston, in lines one hundred and seventy-
nine, one hundred and eighty, one hundred and
eighty-one, and one hundred and eighty-two, the
i woids, "and for extension of waterfront by pur-
chase of two lots adjoining the navy-yard at a
price not exceeding $135,000, three hundred and
nineteen," and insert " one hundred and eighty-
four;" so as to make the clause read:
For additional amount for joiners'sbop, additional amount
for coal house, extension of shear wharf, railroad tracks,
and repairs of all kinds, $184,500.
Upon this amendment the yeas and nays have
been ordered, and the Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buekalew, Davis,
Dixon, Hale, Harding, Harl.m, Harris, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Howe, Lane of'Kansas, Morgan, Potncroy, Powell,
Ramsey, Riddle, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wilkinson, Willoy, and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Conness, Cowan, T)oo!ittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Howard, Johnson, Spraguc, and
Wade—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I offeranotheramendment from
the Committee on Naval Affairs. I move to strike
out in lines seventy-one and seventy-two the
words " for furniture for Government offices and
$ousesin the navy-yards," and to reduce the ap-
propriation m lines seventy-eight and seventy-
nine from $1,370,000 to §1,358,500.
This amendment is to strike out the appropri-
ation for furniture for Government offices and
houses in the navy-yards, and to lessen the total
appropriation for contingent expenses of the Bu-
reau of Yaids and Docks by the amount estima-
ted for thatpurpose; and 1 will make a brief state-
ment us to the facts. After the passage of the
law of 1835, regulating the pay of officers of the
Navy, and raising it considerably, there was a
provision, which gentlemen will find in the older
editions of the Navy Register, declaring that that
should be in full of all allowances of all kinds
whatsoever, except actual travel, when officers
of the Navy were ordered to travel. It cut off all
allowances which had before been made forother
objects. Notwithstanding that, the Department
continued to make a small allowance for furni-
ture up to the close of the Thirty-Second Con-
gress. The attention of Congress was called to
the subject, and to the provisions of law; and at
the Thirty-Third Congress, commencing in 1853,
the appropriation for that purpose was stricken
out. No appropriation was made by the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, the Thirty-Fifth Congress, the
Thirty-Sixth Congress, or the first session of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress. During all that time
no appropriation of that kind was made, simply
because it was against the express provisions of
the law.
At the second session of-lfee last Congress, the
appropriation found its way into the appropria-
tion bill again, for the first time for about a dozen
years. By some means or other, that clause "which
had been omitted for so many years from the ap-
propriation bill got in, and under it there was
spent, in 18G2-63, at the Washington navy-yard,
$74; at the Norfolk navy-yard, nothing; at J) e
Pensacola navy-yard, nothing; at the Mare Island
yard, $800. These were all the expenses last
year, i think—very trailing. This year, foi the
Washington yard, where there wjs$74 expended
last year, they ask for $5,000; at Noj folk, where
there was nothing spent then, they now ask for
$1,000; at Pensacoln, where there was nothing
spent then, they ask for $500; and at Mare Island,
wheic $800 was then expended, they now ask for
$5,000; showing that while last year avrry small
amount was expended, this year a great deal
larger amount is to be expended if the appropria-
tion shall be made.
The Committee on Naval Affairs think that if
it is necessary or proper to make this allowance—
and they have no opinion now to express that
point—it should be added to the compensation of
officers, and had better be done by a law which
shall be made universal, applying to all officers,
and not leave it to the arbitraly discretion of *he
officers at the Department having charge of the
expenditure of the money. Congress,after much
deliberation, determined as long ago as 1853 to
drop this appropriation, and it has never been
made since until the last Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me ask the Senator
►if he makesadistinction between thcGo\ermuenC
offices and houses, or docs he propose to strike out
the whole ?
Mr, HALE. I am willing to s'nke tun only
the Government houses.
