3512
THE CONGRESSIONAL " GLOB®;
July 2,
eminent. Therefore these questions will be open
for consideration. And yet you propose to go
home.
Sir, I differ from my friends here reluctantly.
Believe me, 1 wish that I could unite with them,
but I cannot. If the question were of minor im-
portance I should gladly yield; but it concerns
the safety of my country and the national credit;
and when those are in question I cannot yield.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 believe that in my short
legislative experience ! have never seen so ex-
traordinary a scene aa we have witnessed here
to-night; nor have I ever heard two speeches so
marked in their character as those just made by
the Senator from Michigan and the Senator from
Massachusetts. They are in a small minority.
They profess to favor the measure now upon the
table of the President. One at least would sup-
pose from the declamations abour taxation that
they were in favor of that measure; and yet they
are pursuing a course which threatens by their
own individual veto the defeat of that important
measure. I am willing for one to" place upon
them that responsibility. I will hold them to the
bar of public judgment for that responsibility.
Here the House of Representatives, at the last
period of the session, have passed a bill, and have
said to us by deliberate votes that it was all that
they could pass in the way of taxation. The
committee of the House of Representatives which
is the organ of the House on financial measures
has framed this bill and said it is all that can be
passed at this stage of the session. The House
of Representatives have so voted. By the Con-
stitution of the United States they are the sole
judges of taxes. That bill is sentto us, and now
the Senator from Michigan tells us that he will
defeat that bill, although every man of us feels
that it is vital for the national credit, merely be-
cause he has the power to do it under the rules;
and the Senator from Massachusetts, not making
that broad declaration, substantially opposes and
antagonizes that bill under a pretense that he is
in favor of taxation. Wow, Mr. President, we
have had before this body tax bills, a number of
them, and I will say here for myself that there is
no man in Congress who has been in favor of
larger taxation than I.
Mr. SUMNER. How have I antagonized
that?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say this to the Sen-
ator, that I made propositions over and over again
when the general tax bill was pending to increase
our system of taxation, and 111 some eases I had
his support, but generally where it affected the
interests of liis constituents I had his determined
opposition. He himself defeated the proposed
increased tax on manufactures. When his col-
league had already expressed himself in favor of
that tax, the Senator's potent voice defeated it,
though it would have yielded us $50,000,000 of
revenue. And when a proposition was made to
tax spirits 011 hand, a proposition that I have ad-
vocated from the very beginning, 1 do not know
that the Senator voted with me.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly i did.
Mr. SH12RMAN. But a majority was against
me. Did I oomphtin a great deal because they
did not agree with me? Then was the time to
impose taxes; we had then the general tax bill
before us; we had power to impose taxes; we
had power to make an end of the question. Did
the Senator from Massachusetts then talk about
these various amendments that he now speaks of?
Mr. SUMNER, 1 proposed a tax on tobacco
in the leaf. 1 supported an increased, income tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. But 1 ask the Senator
whether then his mind was excited for the brave
soldiers in the field, whether it was excited for
the national credit? Why was not his voice
heard then, when his voice might have been ef-
fective to increase taxation ?
Now let me say that the whole framework of
the internal revenue bill and of the bill laying
duties on imports received the sanction of the
present Secretary of the Treasury—the gentleman
recently taken from his high position here and
placed at the head of that Department, (Mr. Fes-
send on.) It is his deliberate conviction that we
have imposed as much taxation on foreign im-
ports and domestic productions as they will bear,
and he does not ask anything further from this
Congress except that which the House,of Rep-
resentatives has now given him. Inhisjudgment,
after having framed a system of taxation and
spent five months on its details, it would be un-
wise now hastily, without reflection, without the
corresponding consideration, to frame new tax
bills. I will say also that the late Secretary of the
Treasury has now submitted an estimate showing
that the present bill will not yield enough; butdid
he not know that before? Did he not watch the
progress of the bill from time to time as it went
through Congress? Why was this communica-
tion so long delayed, or why not submitted to the
constituted authority ? The communication now
referred to was sent to the Committee of Ways
and Means some ten days ago; it was deliberated
upon and considered, and they decided as the or-
gan of the House of Representatives that it was
not now wise to reopen this tax question,and the
House of Representatives have sustained them in
that decision.
Now, shall we here in the Senate hold the House
of Representatives in perpetual session so as to
compel them to impose new taxes on the people,
when that House alone by the Constitution can
devise taxes? Is that the position of the Senator
from Massachusetts? Shall the Senate, that has
not even the power to originate a tax bill, that
cannot do anything with such bills except to pro-
pose amendments, after having acted on the
House bill and proposed all the amendments it
desired, hold the House ofRepresentatives in per-
petual session until that House shall impose taxes
according to its dictation ? Why, sir, itisan ex-
press violation not only of the spirit but of the
letter of the Constitution. 1 am the represent-
ative of the highest taxation, because there is
scarcely a proposition to tax the people that I
have not been in favor of, for the reason that I be-
lieve that in time of war it is better for the people
to pay largely in the form of taxes, to pay at least
one half or two thirds of the expenses; but be-
cause the House ofRepresentatives does not agree
with our opinions shall we, therefore, in violation
of the spirit of the Constitution, hold the House
111 perpetual session to compel them to do it? I
say not. I wish to look on all these matters as
practical questions.
Mr. President, let us look at the spectacle we
lmve presented to-night. Here are resolutions on
our table, passed some of them two months ago,
from the House of Representatives fixing days
for the adjournment. We passed them by; we
did not treat them with even the ordinary civility
with which messages of this kind between the two
Houses have been accustomed to be tieated. We
kept the matter 111 our own power as if we
doubted the patriotism or the wisdom of the
House of Representatives. We kept the question
here until to-night. We kept it here until we are
told that every vital measure has been passed or
is within ourpower. Every bill which is deemed
of importance has been passed. The Senator
from Massachusetts cannot point to a single
measure that is now deemed vital which the other
House has not acted upon according to its delib-
erate judgment. If there is one, I challenge him
to name it. What measure is there now unacted
upon by the House of Representatives, by reason
of their failure to act, 011 which we should hold
them here in perpetual session, away fiom their
families and their constituents?
Mr SUMNER. The Senator uses language
which he will paidon me for saying is rather ex-
aggerated when he speaks of holding them in
perpetual session. He draws upon his imagina-
tion for that idea. There is nothing that has
fallen from my lips or from any Senator to whom
I lmve had the honor of listening to-night that
could suggest such an idea.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the Senator's posi-
tion is this, that he will hold the House ofRepre-
sentatives in session until that House conies'up ij
and passes tax bills to suit him. I will say on be- ''
half of that House that he has no business with
taxes except to amend those proposed by the
House.
Mr, SUMNER. My proposition is that I will
give the House the opportunity of imposing such
taxation as i think the country requires.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have had the oppor-
tunity during this long session; tliey have spent
half their time in devising taxes; and this very
night they have had the subject under considera-
tion and given as the result of their j udgment a bill
now before-us, precisely in the form and i n the very
words desired by- the present Secretary of the
Treasury. Now you would hold them in session
until th6y pass some other bill that you demand,
not that the organ oftheTreasury Department, not
that the organ of the House ofRepresentatives, not
that the House itself, not that the Senate desires,
but that you here representing a very smalt minor-
ity on this question would say the House ought
to pass. That is the precise position. I joined
theSenatorin saymgatfirstthatl would notplace
it in the power of the House of Representatives to
adjourn Congress until they acted on this measure
of finance, until they gave us means to pay the
bounties to our soldiers. I acted with that Sena-
tor and voted against the proposition to take up
this resolution ofadjournment; but now the House
has acted and sent us a proposition to levy taxes.
Look at the practical condition in which we
have placed the House of Representatives. That
House has evidently determined to adjourn on
Monday. We can hold them here if we choose,
but two thirds of the Senate are in favor of the
House resolution. There is a bill lying on our
table which is the only bill of importance we have
yet to pass. Every opponent of the measure,
every man who is going to vote against it, tells
you he will not even debate it; he will not dis-
cuss it; he will take no time-
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me ?
As I have been somewhat interested on what 1
will call this side of the question the honorable
Senator is discussing, 1 ask him now whether all
the Senators opposed to him this evening have
not offered to proceed to the consideration of that
bill and pass it, and then to agree to fix any time
for adjournment that the honorable Senator and
his friends 011 that side of the Chamber mightfix
upon ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is the precise position:
this resolution was pending in the body and the
question was about to be put when the bill came
from the House of Representatives, and then the
minority asked the majority to postpone the reso-
lution that was just about to be acted on until the
bill could be passed. The very demand under all
the circumstauces implied a doubt of the honor
and integrity of the men who said to you that
they would not oppose the passage of the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
one word again? I will not interrupt him any
more.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope I shall be allowed
to get through.
Mr. CONNESS. I will not interrupt the Sena-
tor again. 1 ask the Senator whether that mi-
nority, as he calls it, was not a majority of his
friends; and whether they, joined with the other
minority—if he will permit the language—do not
constitute the majority that has passed during
this session all the tax bills that have been passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt that proposition
very much, for I think the minority at one time
was reduced to seven votes. I do not think it
was a majority even of the political party to which
1 belong. But here is the case: the opponents
of the bill which we are so anxious to pass tell
us that they will not cause delay, they will not
make parliamentary objections, they will simply
vote against it, and then a member on our own
side says, " Unless you, the majority, will hold
the House of Representatives who are determ-
ined to adjourn in session until they do so and so,
1 will defeat by my arbitrary veto the very bill
that we are all in favor of."
Mr. CONNESS. I 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not refer to the Sena-
tor from California.
Mr. CONNESS. I know that; but! wish the
j Senator to be correct on the matter of fact. That
was not stated by the Senator from Michigan
until it had been first said by the Senator from
Illinois, that unless we passed this resolution to
adjourn his objection would prevent the passage
of this tax bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. According to the statement
of the Senator from California, here are two po-
litical friends, one from Illinois and the other
from Michigan, endangering the passage of an
important bill, the Senator from Illinois insisting
that the adjournment resolution ^hall first be
passed or he will kill the bill, the Senator from
