1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S37
I repeat that as but the mournful echo of the
touching eloquence of the contestant.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this was the system
adopted. All laws except the military law were
stricken from existence by the pen of usurpation.
The judges swear here, some of them at least,
that they held this election in accordance with
these military orders and with a view to no other
authority. The oaths tendered were not those
required by the laws of Kentucky. In many in-
stances they w.ere not even those prescribed by
military dictation. Anil am 1 to sit here and be
told that this mockery of an election must be en-
dured?
But it has been stated here, Mr. Speaker, that
the sitting member got a large majority of the
votes cast at this election. I do not wonder at
that. 1 could carry any district, any where between
the two oceans, and by any majority,if you give me
such appliances as these. The majority was large,
says the gentleman from Kentucky who pleaded
for the sitting memberamomentago, [Mr.Wads-
worth.] Had I the time or the inclination 1
* could go through this proof in detail and show
the system of terror which caused men not merely
not to vote, but really to vote against their princi-
ples and wishes. I will turn to one case as a
specimen:
" There were a good many who did not vote on account
of the oath ; most of them I cannot remember. John L.
Daviess told me he should vote forYeaman for protection,
saying he was too old to be put in prison and too poor to
be robbed."
Other witnesses swore that they were threat-
ened with the impressment of their property,
horses, and stock if they voted for the contestant.
The sitting member complains that I was not
present to hear the argument in the committee-
room. I have read this book, and that is all of
the ease. It is enough to satisfy my mind that
this election was a farce; that it was not free; that
it was not pure; that it was not legal; that there
was no election in thesecond districtofKentucky^
none. This case ought to be sent back. Let the
"people of that district freely, by the law of their
State, express whom they will have here to rep-
resent them. I am the last man to interfere with
a man's vested rights; but as my political career
is coming to a close, as I expect soon to leave these
Halls to cpme back no more, t intgnd to finish
my record by a continued and unshaken fidelity
to popular liberty. Such has been my course
hitherto, and such it shall remain to the end. In
the dark days of despotism which I fear are soon
to gather over us the people shall not point at me
as one who was false when their rights were as-
sailed in this high sanctuary of American free-
dom. Let those who have trimmed their sails
for every wind of doctrine during the last three
years, whether in^ny own party or the opposite,
strike me now if they choose. My public work
has not been done in a corner, and justice will be
rendered me by those who think from honest mo-
tives.
But once more, on the subject of these military
orders. They all dwell upon loyalty as a condi-
tion precedent to every right in connection with
the elective franchise. And how is the question
to be determined? Are you, as a judge of an
election, to lo<Sk into my breast and see what is
there? Did John W. Foster or any other of these
usurpers bestow omniscience on thft judges of
this election so that they could divine a loyal man
when he approached the polls? Do not press such
a consideration. On the contrary, the law of Ken-
ftcky prescribes the oath he shall take, and when
he has taken it that is the end of it. That is the
sole standard of'loyalty and the guarantee of his
rights. The law of Kentucky prescribes that
when a man has lifted his hand in rebellion he is
no longer a citizen, and it provides the mode by
which that shall be ascertained. In the face of
this are you going to clothe judges of election
with irresponsible power to say who shall and
who shall not vote, to say who is and who is not
loyal ? But I know that my time and breath are
wasted. I know that facts and law make no im-
pression; men have made up theirmmds; I have
a feeling closelyakin todespair, and I only speak
now that free government may have a few words
of defense, however feeble. Sir, everything else
is gone. This is the last. The ballot alone re-
mains. The privilege of the writ of habeas cor-
pus is destroyed, the liberty of the press stricken
down, newspaper offices seized and their editors
arrested because an abolitionist commit^ a for-
gery. If we surrender the right to free elections
we surrender all.
What has been the action of this House on the
subject of elections? I went through with the
cases from Missouri. I heard the proof, and I
know what military elections are; I know what
they mean. And this last stronghold of liberty,
the ballot-box, is now in the hands of unlawful,
heartless, and audacious power. The talons of
the vulture have seized the very heart of Ameri-
can liberty. Sir, it may be that our doom is
sealed; it may be that the people will submit to
all; it maybe that we are to be added to the long
list of nations that have fin'ally surrendered their
liberties. It may all be; I cannot read the future,
but I hope my eyes may be closed in eternal
sleep before that hour arrives.
Our Government is based upon the absolute
consent of the people acting through their par-
ticular local communities, acting through their
municipalities, acting through their State sover-
eignties, and acting as sovereigns in ail matters
in which they are not limited by the Constitution
of their own making. It is their province to pro-
vide when and where and how their elections
shall take place; they are to prescribe it by their
action as States. Kentucky had done so, but
the Federal Governmentsteps in and strikes down
that right.
Sir, personal considerations are trifles light as
air in connection with so great a question as this.
I regret very much that the sitting member should
for a moment think that my feelings had influenced
me in the slightest degree in the conclusions which
I have reached. Ot  the contrary, I had enter-
tained none but the kindest feelings for him. His
conduct since he has been a member of this House
has been such as to make no unfavorable impres-
sion upon my mind. What 1 have done has been
solely in the discharge of an official duty and in
pursuance of the course I have marked out for
myself in all matters of this character. I repeat
this is a popular Government; 1 stand by my Gov-
ernment; its foundation rests upon a-free ballot-
box, and I hope it will never be surrendered. It
never shall be by my act. I hope the people will
barricade it with their dead bodies piled high be-
fore it ere they allow it to be torn from them.
The cause of liberty is the cause of good govern-
ment; it is the cause of law; it is the cause of the
Union; it is a cause all men ought to live for; it
is a cause all honest men are willing to die for.
You prate aboutthe liberty of one race, I speak
for the liberty of another. The black man has
his champions on this floor, the white man shall
have his. Let but the finger of wholesome re-
straint touch the hem of the garment of the black
man and the air becomes redolent with your im-
passioned wails. He is your theme and your
joy. I stand here for the forgotten, neglected
white man and -for his rights. I strike for my
own blood and my own race.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it was far from my purpose,
when I rose, to go into an elaborate argument
upon this case. It would have afforded me in-
finite pleasure to have rested the case upon the ar-
gument of my friend, the contestant, but it is due
to him that I should notice one other matter. Not-
content with robbing the people of the second con-
gressional district of Kentucky of their right to a
free election, the attempt is also made to rob the
contestant of his well-earned character and bril-
liant reputation for devotion and fidelity to his
Government, not to a temporary Administration,
but to a permanent framework of law. He has
been unfortunate. He obeyed the Constitution
and jaws of the United States and the constitu-
tion and laws of Kentucky on the subject of sla-
very instead of rendering obedience to the party
in power. All other sins are venial but this. There
is no grace or pardon for this enormity. Let
crime take any other shape than that if itexpects
favor with those who rule us now. For this of-
fense the contestant's head rolled from the block
under the ax of arbitrary power without a mo-
ment's notice to shrive himself and prepare. It
was true that he had led his regiment through
the fiercest battles of this war with more than
conspicuous gallantry. It was true that he had
fallen on the field,and given the poor boon of his
young blood to what~he conceived to be a strug-
gle for the Government of his ancestors. It was
true thit Colonel John H. McHenry,at the head
of the seventeenth Kentucky, planted with hw
own hand the first' Federal flag that waved over
the enemy's works at Corinth. But all thjs
weighed lighter than a feather in his behalf when
he refused to suffer his camp to be made a house .
of refuge for runaway slaves. , '
Sir, 1 have the message of the Governor 'of-his
native State; I have the resolutions of the Ken-
tucky Legislature; I have the papers of the, time,
replete with tributes of grateful praise to this
brave, chivalric young Kentuckian. It is not
enough to rob him of his seat; it is not enough to
deprive him of that mark of confidence, jlear to
every virtuous heart, the favor of his country-
men, but he must be further pursued, and his
good name taken from him. Andwliy? Wheje
is his fault ? Why should it be insinuated all
through these proceedings that he is not a loyal
citizen? My friend from Illinois [Mr.Morrison]
told me a moment ago, with a tremor of emotion
that did his heart honor, that as he himself Jay
wounded on the field at Fort Donelson,and look-
ing out for relief, the first that he saw furthest in
advance, where death was busiest at its awful
work, was the seventeenth Kentucky, and the
contestantat its head,face to the foe,and ata full
run. There was the contestant, breasting the
storm of battle, and pushing back the enemy who
had overrun his own State, while the sitting mem-
ber and his friends were quietly and peacefully at
their homes, made secure by the valor of the con-
testant whom they now seek to destroy.
Mr. Speaker, I have now submitted the Views
which governed me in tHe presentation of this
minority report. I take my stand first upon the
Constitution of the JJnited States, which "guar-
anties to the State of Kentucky the right by'her
own laws to prescribe the time, place, and man-'
ner of holding elections for Representatives in
Congress. That Kentucky has done,and there,
sir, is the end of it. But J. W. Foster, Colonel
Shaekleford, first an incipient rebel and then in-
tensely loyal, and then Burnside, to make it all
complete, abrogated the laws of Kentucky, and
put forth a code of their own for the observance
of the people. I cannot and will not vote to
sanction that action.
You may say that men were not influenced by
these things. The evidence says otherwise. Es-
cape it if you can, men were driven from the
polls for refusing to swear, not merely to support
the laws of the United States and the Constitution
of the United States, but the Administration and
its laws.
Mr. MALLORY. Allow me one remark. I
ask my friend whether there is any proof in this
case at all that any man in that district was in-
duced to vote for the-sitting member by these or-
ders. That some were prevented, or said that
they were prevented,from voting may be proved;
but that any man was forced to vote for the sit-
ting member by these orders is not in the proof.
The ground relied on by the sitting member and
those who support him is that he received a ma-
jority of the legal votes of the district.
Mr. VOORHEES. There are two answers to
that proposition. I am not called upon to uphold
an election held in Kentucky, unless it is held in
accordance with the laws of that State. I do not
care how the people voted, if it is not a legal elec-
tion. I care not whether men were kept away
or forced to the polls if it were an election with-
out law. It is enough for me to know that here
is an illegal election, that itwas held in obedience
to military orders which destroyed the laws of
Kentucky. I mean, sir, that in so far as they
conflicted with the laws of Kentucky and of the
Federal Government, to that extent the military .
power held sway and the civil laws perished.
Then it matters not to me what might be the es-
pecial fact as to its effuct upon the vote; it is an
illegal election.
But, sir, there is a large amount of testimony
going to show the pernicious effect of these orders,
as I have already shown. One man, for instance,
that I have already alluded to, said that he should
vote for the sitting member for protection, say-
ing he was " too old to be put in prison and too
poor to be robbed." Other threats I have alkwled
to, and I now simply refer to them again ia
answer to my friend, [Mr. Mallory.]
Now, sir, take all these facts together, and will
any candid man say that such a state of terror,
such a state of threatening and violence would
