1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then how much do you
leave in of the appropriation for offices? Have
you looked at the estimates?
Mr. HALE. I believe they arc not separated
in the estimates, i have the estimates before mc
now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And does the Senator pro-
pose to strike out the whole amount of the esti-
mate for this item r
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the Senatorallows
nothing for the offices.
Mr. HALE. It is impossible to distinguish
them in the estimates.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because they are made
together. I supposed the honorable Senator in
making such a motion would take pains to inform
himself how much was needed for the offices, and
not strike out the whole appropriation.
Mr. HALE. I do not know but what it will
do to strike out simply the words li and houses."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would leave too
much for the offices.
Mr. HALE. I suppose they would not abso-
lutely feel bound to expend all the money. Let
the proposition be simply to stnke out the words
" and houses."
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to ask the chair-
man of.the Committee on Naval Affairs whether
he expects officers to carry the furniture of their
quarters around with them, and how furniture is
to be provided where new quarters are being built,
as at Mare Island, California, where there are no
houses for officers, but where they are now being
built and prepared? Whodoes he expect to buy
the furniture for these houses? Does he expect
the officers to do it, and then sell it out atauetion
when they change their places and are superseded
by other officers?
Mr. HALE. That is not for me to answer.
All I ask is that the law be carried out.
Mr. CONNESS. It does appear to me that
it is for the Senator to answer. The law gives a
certain salary to these officers. An old law that
the Senator has hunted up may declare that that
compensation shall be the only compensation they
shall receive; but I think it is for the Senate to
ascertain whether furnishing their quarters with
necessary furniture for their accommodation has
anything to do, properly, with the allowances
made to the officers by law. These officers live
in the navy-yards, reside there, houses are prop-
erly built for them there; that is where they be-
long; they are required to be furnished. Appro-
priati«ns'of tens of thousands of dollars are made
necessarily to build quarters for officers Does
the Senator intend that they shall not be furnished
with necessary appurtenances and furniture? It
does appear to me that it is for him to answer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was prepared to give
an explanation in reference to this matter; but
my friend from California has in a degree antici-
pated me, though not entirely. When the sub-
ject was before the Committee on Finance, I had
great doubt whether it was not best to strike out
of this clause the words " and houses," as sug-
gested by the Committee on Naval Affairs in the
amendment now proposed; but on making in-
quny and looking into the matter,! rather came
to the conclusion that it was not advisable. It is
true, as the Senator from New Hampshire has
said, that for a considerable period of time this
item was omitted from this annual appropriation
bill. That, however, was at a time when furni-
ture had been provided for most, if not for all,
houses that were occupied, and it was not there-
fore absolutely necessary. The Senate know that
an officer of the Navy who is situated at a navy-
yard is usually kept there but a very few years.
Most of his time lie is afloat. Occasionally he is
sent to a navy-yard for a year or two. He goes
into the occupation of a house there. If he is
obliged to live at the navy-yard, as he is by the
regulations, he must have furniture for the house.
It will readily be perceived that, with the salary
.a we have been paying to our naval officers, it would
, be pretty hard on them to compel them to furnish
houses m the style in which an officer is expected
to live and be comfortable and respectable, to
stay there perhaps foi one year, perhaps for two
years, perhaps for three years, or perhaps, though
not often, a little longer, and then be compelled
to sell the furniture at auction ata sacrificeand go
to sea. They must live in the yard; under the
regulations they are obliged to live there to pro-
tect the public propcity,&c., and therefore the
policy was introduced by the Navy Department
of recommending an allowance for this purpose.
There is no positive law on the subject, except
such law as arises from the appropriation, and &
small appropriation was made from time to time
to furnish these houses to a certain extent.
Formerly considerable money was spent, but
they adopted a system of rules by which they
limited the number of rooms that could be fur-
nished by the Department in the houses and also
the kind of furniture to be furnished, and adopted
a very stiict system, spending but little money.
I have the printed regulations of the Department
now before me showing precisely the system
which was adopted. These regulations were es-
tablished by Mr. Dobbin, and have been followed
since. The Department under them furnishes a
parlor, a dining-room, a hall, a kitchen, and cer-
tain chambers with certain kinds of furniture.
For instance, for a parlor the furniture is one
dozen chairs, one sofa, one pier or center table,
one looking-glass, one pair andnons, one fender,
one set shovel, tongs, and poker, one carpet, and
one hearth-rug. The regulations prescribe the
furniture for the different rooms, limiting the
number of rooms, furnishing only the absolutely
necessary articles, and also limiting the price so
as to have them of a very plain description. The
prices are all given here; I need not read them.
Then the regulations go on to state the rules,
which are very strict, and if the Senate will ex-
cuse mc I will read some of them:
<• On receipt of thte order the commandants at the sev-
cial liavy-jaids will cause an inventory and inspection to
be made, by competent person*, of every article of furni-
ture in the iiou&i's and offices on ins station belonging to
the Government, whethei made m the navy-yaidor pur-
chased m open matket; which inventory shall be compared
with the Navy &toiekeepcr?a book, a copy sent to the Bu-
reau of Ysuds and Dockland the amount thereof letuincd
to the buieau monthly, as uihrr stores aie. After the in-
ventory, as above stated, shall have been taken, every of-
fice! oecupwug a Government house or ofliee shall icceipt
to the Navy storekeeper lor each article at its co>t; and
when officers shall ho detached or leave the houses, the
commandant shall oidei a sutvey and niventoryof the fur-
niune, and report, stating Us condition, and missing articles,
it any, a cop> ot* which icpoit shall he loivvarded to the Bu-
ieau of Yaulf and Docks. They shall deliver over to {he
storekeeper cveiy article, and aceonhng to the la^t receipt
by them given Any missing article must be accounted for
to the commandant. On delivery of all the iurmture, as
above Mated, the officers receipt will be canceled. When
commandants assume tiie command of a navy-yard or sta-
tion, or oliicers and otheis who may be entitled to occupy
houses report tor duty, they will receipt to the Navy store-
keeper lor every article of public luimtuie delivered to
them then, and afterwards* for .such other articles as may
be purchased by the United State* or made in the yard ior
them, when delivered; a copy of winch receipts wiJI be
foi warded to the buieau.
'•No at tide ot funiituie shall he allowed to be condemned
and Kplacrd which has not been in u-^e over five years ;
alter it '•hull have been that long funiitdicd and is con^d-
eicd unfit tor u e,a sinvey may he asked lor and hold upon i
it. Jl icported an requiting lepaus, let if be icpaited ac-
cording to the repoi t; if condemned it must be letuined to
the Navy fttorekeep'-i, witli a copy of therepoitof con-
demnation stating the cau^e. The stoiekeepor will credit
the oflicei leturnmg it at the piice at which it was ehaiged ;
thru u miKt lie sent to the Navy agent, who is licehy di-
rected to advertt-e it loi >.nle in like manner as other con-
demned rimes ;ue ad vended, and tOM'll it at public au< Hon
to the highest buldet, and depo-it the pioceeds of sale to
the ciedilof tne Treasure) of the United State* under the
head ot ' Contingent ' Requisitions in duplicate for new
aitieles siintliii to those condemned, it allowed under this
regulation, may he made by the occupant of the house, to
he loivvarded bv the commandant to the bureau, and, if
appioved by it", rnav be puielmsed by the Navy agent,
passed through the Navy «-toie like other stores, and en-
teicdon the books and ehaiged to the officer receiving
them, and receipted for by him at cost; at which price
they aie to be continued in all tiansfeis until condemned
by buivey. No new artide ot any kind, however, is to be
putchased 01 made in the yard until the quantity of furiu-
tuie in the house shall be reduced by condemnation in
numbei and kind to the table herein presenbed. In the
pmchase ot immune under this regulation, no commuta-
tion or transfer of any pait of the amount hereby allowed
for an aiuelc not named, or fiom one aiticie to another, is
to he made either dueetly or indirectly. The articles
named aie to be made or purchased on the best terms, for
and vviilnn the limited puce, and m no case to exceed it.
Alt aitides made m the navy-vards for person* occupying
Government houses are to be chatged at cost, and parsed
tinough the Navy stote in the same mannei (except the
m-pection) that turmtute purchased outside of the navy-
jaid does, and to be so returned and accounted for.
" The Nav\ fctoiekeeper will be ehaiged with, and held
responsible for, all tuimtuie, a< he is for all other stores.
" A copy of thisicgukiuon to be furnished to each officer
occupying a hoiw, 111 the uavv-yaids; also to the purser ot
theyaul, the Navv agent of the station, the \TavyMoie-
keeper, and the mastei mechanics of each d-'paitinent in a
navy-yaid, including the boatswain, gunnel , eat pontci, and
sailmakei."
I am informed by the gentleman at the head of
the Bureau of Yards and Docks that so fur as h&
knows—.and he has been at the head of that bu-
reau for a good many years—this matter has been*
administered with great caution, with rather &
severity of caution, in reference to furnishing
the articles. The articles themselves, as gentle-
men will sec from the prices, are plain, and the
rules are strict and stringent. Under the circum-
stances, looking at it with reference to the officer
and the uncertainty of the time he remains at a
navy-yard, the houses themselves being owned
by the Government, and he being compelled to.
reside there, it struck me that it was unreasonable
to expect him to furnish his house, with the prob-
ability of being obliged to sacrifice a very con-
siderable amount by selling it at the termination
of his service there, whereas now when he goes
away he leaves the furniture for his successor,
whoever he may be.
In regard to the question of the amount to be
expended, that 13 easily explained. For a long
time we got along with veiy small amounts; but
at certain navy-yards, for example at the one
near San Francisco, new houses have been put
up. A large amount is called for at the navy-
yard here owing to the fact that the soldiers were
in possession of the yard for a long time and oc-
cupied the houses as barracks, and the furniture
became worthless and a large portion of it was
destroyed, and that renders it necessary to re-
place the furniture in point of fact.
Mr. CONNESS. The chairman of the Finance
Committee will permit me to call his attention to
the fact that the Government is now erecting
buildings at Mare Island which aie required.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is acomparatively
new yard, and new houses arcgoingup, and that
explains fully the occasion for the large expend-
iture there. The explanation that I have given
shows the reason why the appropriation for this
year proposed to be made by Congress is neces-
sarily large. "It is owing to the peculiar circum-
stances of the case,the furnituie having been de-
stroyed. Probably very little will be required
next year. 1 am satisfied that the fund has been
faithfully administered. The Department of course
has no feeling about itexcept the same that I have
expressed, that it would seem to be unjust to of-
ficers to be compelled to go to large expense in
furnishing houses at the navy-yards, when the
probability is that it will involve a large sacrifice
when they come to go to sea again. That is my
opinion, and for that reason I did not suggest the
striking out of the appropriation. It is, however,
for the Senate to dccidc.
Mr. HALE. I do not deny the propriety of
any of the suggestions which the honorable Sen-
ator has made; and if it is necessary to make
these appropriations any larger than they are, or
as large again, I am willing to do it; but I want
the thing done by law. i do not want it left to
the discretion of an officer to say who shall have
houses and who shall have furniture and who shall
not, and what shall be the amount. I want to
read what the law is on the subject, and Senators
wii! sec how plain it is. The second section of
the act of March 3, 1835, to regulate the pay of
the Navy of the United States, is in these words:
"Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further oiactcd, That 110 allowance
shall hereafter be made to any officer 111 tiie naval seivice
of the United States lor drawing bills, for receiving or dis-
bursing money, 01 transacting any business lor the Govern-
ment of the United States; nor shall he be allowed ser-
vants, or pay for servants, or clothing or unions' (or them,
or pay for the same, nor shall any allowance be made to
him for rent of quarters, or to pay rent forfurmtme, or for
lights or fuel, or transposing baggage. It h hpreb> ex-
pressly declared that the yearly allowance ptovidcd in this
act is all the pay, compensation, and allowance that shall
be received under any circumstances whatever, by any
such officer or person, execptfor traveling expenses wheu
under orders, lor which ten cents per mile shall be al-
lowed."
If the necessities of the service are such that
those allowances ought to be made, I am perfectly
willing to make them, if they are made by a law,
and not submitted to the discietion of the chief of a
bureau to give what he pleases and to whom he
pleases. It will be remaiked that this Jaw ex-
pressly provides that there shall he nothing paid
to officers for rent of furniture; and how singular
i and anomalous the construction of the law would
i bo if they should not be allowed anything for rent
: of furniture, but still they might-have,the fmrti-
1 ture itself bought for them, i have nothing lur-
