1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1/76, when the United Colonies as one peo-
ple declared themselves free. In 1777, on the loth
of November, the Articles of Confederation were
adopted only to make the Union stronger and the
security of the people greater; and when, in 1789,
to form a "more perfect Union, to establish jus-
tice, '&c., the Constitution was adopted and made
the supreme law of the land, all powers of people,
of executive, of legislative, and judicial authority
were clearlyand fully defined and established. It
declares that Congress shall have power to lay and
collect taxes, duties, imports, and excises to pay
debts and to provide for the common defense; to
borrow money, regulate commerce with foreign
nations, among the States, and with the Indians;
to establish uniform laws of naturalization and
bankruptcies, to coin money, regulate its value,
and the value of foreign coin, and fix the standard
of weights and measures; to provide for counter-
feiting the securities and coin of the Government;
to establish post offices and roads, to constitute
tribunals inferior to theSupreme Court; to define
and punish piracies and felonies committed against
the laws of nations; to declare war; grant letters of
marque and reprisal, and make rules concerning
captures on land and water; to raise and support
armies; to provide and maintain a navy; to make
rules for the government and regulation of the
land and naval forces; and to make all lairs which
shall be nccessanj and proper for carrying into exe-
cution the foregoing powers, and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of the
United Stales, or many department or officer thereof.
Now, sir, after enumerating what Congress has
the power to do, and shall and may do, it goes on
to say what shall not be done. No bill of attainder
or ex post facto law shall be passed. No direct
taxes shall be laid except, or lather unless, in the
language of the Constitution, in proportion to the
census taken, and so on are there many other
prohibitions laid down. Now, then, when any
emergency shall arise which shall require the ex-
ercise of any of these poweis it is the duty of
Congress to put them forth; itis its duty to make
rules or enact laws for the Government by a gen-
eral law «of each particular case. When there is
an invading or threatening arnjy hostile to the
country Congress shall raise an army to meet it,
and shall support that army. When there is gold
> dug from the eaith and made ready for molding
Congress shall coin that gold and regulate its value.
And when foreign coin is imported Congress shall
regulate the value of that. When hundreds and
thousands of people from other countt ies land on
the shores of this to become inhabitants thereof
Congress shall make uniform rules of naturaliza-
tion; and by its grant of powers to regulate com-
merce shall determine every thing concerning com-
modities and the intercourse of foreign countries.
When a man or setof men counterfeit the coin of
the Government or any of its securities Congress
shall provide by law for the punishment of such I
parties. And whenwarisdeclared,whenthecoun- i
tiy is engaged in war, Congress shall make rules
concerning captures on land and water. Now, sir,
in regard to the laws made for coining money, of
the value of foreign money, of fixing the condi-
tions of naturalization, of the punishment of coun-
terfeiters, and so on of all the laws made under
the powers of Congress as granted by the Con-
stitution, where is there a man or set of men, a
court, or any other tribunal will say they are
not right, necessary, or constitutional ? Nowhere;
the action of Congress is final, and it is but the
duty of the courts and the Executive to tat ly out
the laws, for they are the statutes and constitu-
tion of the people, and the people are sovereign. So
also in times of war Congress can pass such laws
and regulations concerning raptures on land and
water as in its judgment seems best, wisest, and
most conducive to the public welfaie. And when
it has made its laws, in obedience to this Consti- j
tution, what court or power, the creature of the
people, shall say it is wrong, nugatory, and in-
valid? None, sir, nowhere dare say so.
Congress shall have power to declare the pun-
ishment of treason. Suppose, sir, there was no {
'aw fixing punishment for the crime of treason,
would it not be within the power of Congress to
ay by statute what that punishment should be,
whether death, confinement for life, forfeiture of
property, or anything else? Most assuredly. But,
say some," no attainder of treason shall work cor-
ruption of blood, or forfeiture except during the
lifetime of the person attainted"—-quoting the lan-
guage of the Constitution. But the question may
be well put to these gentlemen, where is there or
ever was there a case where attainder of treason
worked corruption of blood or forfeiture except
upon trial by acourt of proper jurisdiction, judg-
ment, and sentence, or attainder by bill or praemu-
nire? I assert that there can be no attainder of
treason, working corruption of blood, withoutfirst
the action of the court as I have suggested. But
the question is, has Congress the power to pass a
law which shall say that the property of a traitor,
whether it be in lands, negroes, horses, or any-
thing else, shall be forfeited forever to the Govern-
ment in consequence of that treason ?
I Jay down the broad proposition, nay, I assert
it asa truth, that when a man becomes a traitor to
his country, rebels against its authority, and re-
sorts to arms to overthrow and destroy it, he for-
feits everything he possessed, even unto his life,
when the Government has manifested its power
and possessed that which the traitor had while in
resistance and rebellion, and whatever he may be
possessed of thereattei is alone by the grace of
the Government, not by any legal or constitutional
demand he may make or ever enjoyed. I can see
no reason for making classifications or distinctions
in property. I see no reason in admitting the right
to seize, possess, and apply to the use of the Gov-
ernment chattels, personalty, or movable proper-
ty, which may be in the possession of the enemy
used for the destruction of the Republic, and at
the same time denying the right to seize and con-
fiscate realty, which also does its work toward
supporting by its breds, its grasses, its minerals,
and its timber the same enemy. Lands are inher-
itable, it is true—so also arc money, and horses,
and negroes, according to the laws of the south-
ern States, but no one, I presume, will doubt for
a moment the power of the Government to seize
and apply to its own use forever any property of
this latter kind. Will gentlemen say that as our
Army moves along, fights a great battle, and con-
(jueis the enemy, that the horses, the mules, the
cattle, tin* money, the negroes, the cannon, the
small-arms, ammunition,&c., pi opt i ty of the men
in at ins, theconspnatoisand h nders of "this wicked
rebellion, ate not subject to immediate .'secure
and confiscation? Shall we not, Jiave not the peo-
ple, through their representatives, the power to say
that the horses shall be taken and our cavalry
mounted on them—the mules hitched to our wag-
ons, the negroes taken fiom their fortifications,
and rille-pits, and teams, and ranks, and put upon
outs- Shall we not take their money (if it is of
any value) with which they paid their expenses
and defray our own ? Shall we not Like their can-
non, and small-arms, and ammunition, with which
they killed a ltd wounded us, tuin it upon them,
kill, wound, and deshoy them? Certainly no one
will question this right. Then why exempt the
land,the fn-ld which (he traitorhas come foiwaid
and voluntaiily given up to the enemy upon which
to build his tort, his arsenal, his magazine or to
pitch his camp r
Sir, there seems to go forth a deep sympathy for
th o offspring of the landed master of this southern
rebellion. You may go forward with yout laws
and your Army, cut down the humble tenant who
has been misguided m this gtea? affair, sweep
away all he has, tuin his wife and children out
upon the cold charities of the woi Id, and make to
him no rcdiess for the capture and use of his only
horse or banel of meal; but when you reach the
landed proprietor, the aristocratic "traitor of the
South, who has done alt he could atramst you,
you Ciy aloud, Walk light, be eareiul, tins is
sacred ground; you cannot, say the opponents of
tins bill, touch this land except during the life time
of the traitor, because the Constitution forbids; it
must revert to the heirs of the traitor after ins
death.
Suppose, sir, a battle is fought to-day on a large
plantation in Georgia, and the enemy is defeated,
and with that defeatone hundred bushels of wheat,
one thousand bushels of corn, five thousand
pounds ot haon, fifty horse?, se\cral tons of
hay, twenty ncg.o-s. a d^20,000 m gold, the
remainder ot a rebel's pioficr to the enemy, falls
into our hands, the rule is, and it is right, apply
all to the use ot the Army and Government. When
you have thus done Mr. A. approaches you and
says, All this personalty you have taken and used
belonged to Mr. B., and since it came into your
possession Mr.B. has died; therefore f-waitt-fiooie
evidence of this indebtedness for thfe-beneiifc of his
innocent children; you have taken all they had,
they arehelplessand needy. Saysthesympathizer,
these things we had a right to take as Mr; B. was
a traitor; but see here, we have left you the land,
that according to our Constitution we could ntft
take except during the life of the party. But, says
Mr. A., that land does not belong to Mr. B., it is
the land of another. What becomes of the kind-
ness and sympathy of the great philanthropist?
Let him answer. So again, sir, upon the forfeiture
of land. A. commits murder, or arson, or -any
other felony; he is arrested, tried, convicted, and
hung; his landed estate is small, his personalty
smaller. Upon execution for cost may not and
has not all been sold, and the Utle in fee forever
pass? Certainly the records of nearly all the courts
will verify this.
Again,a prodigal and unfortunate man becomes
indebted beyond his estate; suits are brought,
judgments obtained, executions levied, property
in land and all sold withoutthe right of redemp-
tion, and the title passes forever to the purchaser.
Are the wives and children to blame? Yet they
are made penniless by operation of law because
of the crime of the father. Why, then, make a
distinction in the case of treason ? Sir, it was
never intended by our fathers, the framersof the
Constitution, that a traitor to his country, a man
who without a cause should inaugurate a war
which wouldalmostdeluge the country with blood
and clothe the whole nation in the habiliments of
mourning should be held more sacred in rights
and privileges than the unfortunate inebriate who
nHmif wit lost his estate, or his liberty, or life.
1 he fra triers of the Constitution had before them
all the Lnghah laws on treason, corruption of
blood, forfeiture, and confiscation. They per-
fectly understood the meaning of attainder and
the legitimate consequences ofaconviction. They
knew that the man attainted of treason was in law
dead. He could nottiansmit property; he could
not hold office; in short he was forever deprived
of the franchises of citizenship. These punish-
ments weie a consequence of the hemousness of
the ci nne, for none could be greater, more diabol-
ical than willful, premeditated, armed resistance
to the Constitution and laws, the shooting and
murdemig of loyal citizens, and an attempt to
oycrthiow the Government which had protected
him in his life, his liberty, and his property, and
had never wronged him. Themomentthese things
became patent, by declarations, resolutions, and
other manifestations of opposition, he could no
longer claim the guarantees of the law or Consti-
tution in any particular, but became an enemy
and was disfranchised. And oui fathers, looking
at this with an appreciative understanding, de-
claied that Congress should have power to make
laws for the punishment of treason. They knew
the Government had power and right to do this,
to take the life of the offender and to confiscate
his property. This opinion is sustained by the
i courts of the country. In the case of Brown
j against the United States, (8 Cranch,) which
. came up from Massachusetts in 1812, on appeal
, from the circuit court, which had condemned prop-
1 orty belonging to the enemy, Chief Justicc Mar-
shall says1
(* lte<-pectint; the power of Govei nment no doubt is eli-
te; tamed. Tli.it wai f ivu«- tlit1 sovereign lull light to take the
persons ami conhaeate the ptoperiy of the enemy where
ever Wund i- conceded. Tin mitigations of this rigid rule
which the humane and wise policy of modem times has
intiodueed into ptaetice will more or less affect the e\-or-
ci>e of this tight, but cannot impair the right itself. Thcfct*
remains undiminished ; and when the&oveiejgnpliall choose
to hung it into opt r.uion the.judicial dopartmentmust give
ctlect io it- wilt. Jint until that shall he expressed no
power of < ondeinn.moit sh.iil c.\is.t in the: court.*'
Again:
'•Wargne*ait equal rigat over persons and property,
and if its decimation i* notcou^tdeied a.s pi e ei ibmg a law
le^peetrng the petson of an enemv toimd in our country,
neither doe.s it presenhe a law for his property.5''
Again, sir, he says:
" Like all other question-: of poiiej , ir is proper for the
consideration of a department which* eau modify it aiwill,
notforthe confiduanon of a department u hieh can pursue
onlj' the law as it i  wuuen. it r- ptopcu for the consider-
ation of the Iegr-latme, not of the executive Oi judieiarj."
In obedience to this rule Congress proceeded, in
18C2, to pass a law of confiscation, the first clause
of the fifth section of which act reads as follows:
"That to insure the speedy termination of the present
