1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
ther to say about these allowances, except that if
they are made they ought to be regulated by law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very clear that that
statute does not apply at all. We do not allow
anything for the rent of houses or rent of furni-
ture, or anything of that kind. We do not allow
bills to be brought in for furniture, nor do we give
them any furniture. The only question is„when
you compel them to live in a Government house
at a particular place, whether you wilt compel
them to buy furniture for that house, which they
must do unless the Governmcntchooses, to a cer-
tain extent, to furnish its own house. The law
is not in the way, and does not cover the case or
apply to it in any shape or form. It is precisely
in the shape in which a dozen other things are
done for the Government, not for the officer; and
that is to give them a small sum to meet what they
conceive to be an expense which the Government
ought to be at with reference to it. I do not see
any difficulty about it. The officer has nothing
to do with it.
Mr. CONNESS. If this appropriation shall
be made it will be the law, and as much the law
as the statute read by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. If any other law is ne-
cessary governing this subject, the Senatorduring
the long period that he heis been chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs should have provided
such a law. It would be better for him to do that
than to come forward here without any facts or
any reason and oppose an appropriation which is
as necessary as one to pay your per diem, sir. I
should like, if the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs were competent, to make him a
naval officev for a while. I rather think he would
expect that his quarters should be furnished, and
would not petition against it. I am inclined to
think lie would petition for it.
Mr. FOSTER. It seems to me that there is
the same necessity for the Government furnish-
ing a house, when it requires the officer to live in
it,as there is for furnishinga ship when the Gov-
ernment puts the officer on board the ship and
requires him to do duty there. Why do we not
require the officer to furnish the cabin furniture
of the ship, the tables and the chairs, and every-
thing that is necessary in the cabin of a ship? If
there is anything in this law on the subject itfor-
bids the furnishing of the cabin of the ship as
well as tin: Government house. Whynot? Where
is the difference? It seems to me the cases are
precisely parallel; and if we require an officer to
furnish the furniture for a Government house,
we should require him to furnish the furniture
for the rahin of a ship.
Mr. II ALE. I will not insist upon the amend-
ment if it does not accord with the ideas of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 hope the Senator will
not withdraw it on that account.
_ The PRESI DEN' 1" pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE, I have one more amendment to
offer, to come in immediately after the provision
for the support of the Naval Academy, after line
three hundred and fourteen, on page 14.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You have got a dozen
amendments in there now.
Mr. HALE. This is another one to comc in
at the close of all the amendments that have been
adopted at that point. It is to insert the follow-
in-:
/YovWW, That 110 money hereby appropriated tor the
support ft the Naval Academy ■s.half be applied to the sup-
port of any midshipman hereafter appointed not in f-triet
conformance wall the provision* of the law for appointing
midshipmen to tlu> Naval Academy. s
I his is precisely similar to an amendment that
was placed on the Military Academy appropria-
tion hill, and it is the law of the land in regard
to the Academy. It is prospective entirelyTand
simply provides that no portion of the appropria-
tion shall be applied to the support of any mid-
shipman not appointed according to law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to offer the follow-
ing amendment as a now section:
J2nd be it further cnacictr, That there t-ha!) be a.ld-'d three
profe-r-or*to the miuihei of piotew)r-:of mnthein.uie.-. mnv
fUiihotized by law, who sliaii he appointed and comniis-
feiouni us now piovjded I)} Uw.awl who bha)I be a professor
of Ethics and English Studies, a professor of Spanish, and
a professor of Drawing at the Naval Academy.
This does not increase the number of profess-
ors or their pay; it merely gives to all the pro-
fessors the rank that is now enjoyed only by some
of the older ones, precisely the same as at West
Point. It is asked for, 1 believe, by all those
who are familiar with the Acadcmy, the Superin-
tendent, and the academic board.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
if it has been recommended by the Department.
Mr. ANTHONY. It comes from the Naval
Committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it come from the
Department?
Mr. ANTHONY. It does not, come officially
from the Department, but I am informed that the
Department is in favor of it. The Senator will
see that it merely places these three professors
on the same grade with the other professors. It
merely gives them a commission. It does not
increase their pay. It frequently happens that
young gentlemen who have been educated at the
Academy go there as instructors, but they go
there with their grade as commanders or captains,
and they rank the professors who have instructed
them, ft is consideied essentia! to the discipline
and the efficiency of the Academy, and in order
that these professois may have the respect of
their pupils, that they should have a commission
and be entitled to wear the uniform.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator if
any communication has been had with the Super-
intendent of the Academy on the subject?
Mr. ANTHONY. I have had no official com-
munication with the Superintendent of the Acad-
emy; but I am quite sure he is m favor of it. I
understand that all the professors there, and also
the academic hoard, nrein favor of it. 1 think the
Senator from Iowa, and the chan man of the Com-
mittee on Naval A flairs also, can bear witness to
that fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know anything
about it. What position do they hold now? What
is their titler
Mr. GRIMES. There are three gentlemen at
the Naval Academy who have been for a long
time connected with it: one the professor of ethics
and English studies; another the professor of
drawing; nnd another the professor of Spanish.
They are civil professors, without assimilated
military rank. They are now receiving, I think,
precisely the same salary that they would receive
if the amendment pioposed by the Naval Com-
mittee should be adopted. The only difference,
therefoie, that the adoption of tins provision will
make will bo that it will make them professois,
give them an assimilated rank, and give them a
commission, in place of being civil officers.
Among the arguments that have been urged in
favor of this measure are those suggested by the
Senator from Rhode Island. It is not unfrequently
the ease, in fact it is the case all the time, that
young gentlemen who graduate at the Naval Acad-
emy, having completed their four -year course, are
returned there as assistant professors, and they
rank these men who have been attheAcadcmy for
a long time, one of whom I know has been there
for fourteen years, and under whose charge this
young man has graduated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the consequence
of ranking ?
Mr. GRIMES. Itwould not be anything with
the Senator and myself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it anything more than
that one takes precedence in going into a diawing-
room or something of that sort?
Mr. GRIMES. It is more than that in the
Navy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It appears to be a very
trivial matter.
Mr. GRIMES. It is a very small matter to civil-
ians, but to a naval or military man it is a matter
ofconsiderable consequence. But the great point,
I apprehend, is that this amendment gives them
a commission and makes them officers of the
Navy, whereas now they are only tenants at will
of the Secretary of the Navy. The purpose of
the amendment is to make them professors pre-
cisely as others are now, and with the rank of a
professor, and that is the corresponding rank, I
think, of a lieutenant commander, but gives no
j increase of salary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Committee on Naval
Affairs are through with their amendments I have
one that I d'esire to propose. It is to add as an
additional section:
Jlnil be it further enacted, That the United States Naval
Academy fhall be returned and established at the Naval
Academy grounds in Annapolis, in the State of Maiyland,
before the commencement of the academic \ ear 1865.
I ask the indulgence of the Senate while I very
briefly refer to the history as well as to the pres-
ent condition of the institution about which 1 ask
for legislation.
The idea of establishing a Naval Academy ori-
ginated with Alexander Hamilton, and was first
suggested in his letter to Oliver Wolcott, written
on the 5th of June, 1798. In a letter from Hamil-
ton to Mr. McHenry, then the Secretary of War,
dated November 23, 1799, his ideas on this sub-
ject were elaborated. He proposed thatan acad-
emy should be established to "consist of four
schools; one to be called the foundation school,
another the school of engineers and artillerists,
another the school of cavalry and infantry, and
the fourth the school of the Navy.'5 He sug-
gested that naval and military cadets should be
instructed in the foundation school for two years
in those branches of mathematics and science that
are common and fundamental to both professions,
and that such should then be instructed two years
longer in those branches of scientific and practi-
cal knowledge that are peculiar to their respective
professions. He even specified the branches of
learning that he considered it desirable to be taught
to naval cadets, and what is singular is that they
are substantially the branches taught to-day. Mr.
Hamilton immediately inclosed to General Wash-
ington a copy of his letter to Mr. McHenry; and on
the 12ih of December, 1799, only two days before
his death, that great man wrote to Hamilton,and
the last letter I believe that he ever wrote on pub-
lic alfans, approving of his plan and saying that
" the establishment of an institution of this kind
upon a respectable and extensive basis has ever
bijen considered by me an object of primary im-
portance to this country." This was bcfoicany
naval school had been established by any nation,
and so far as I know before it had anywhere been
proposed to establish one.
In 1802 the Military Academy at West Point
was established, but no provision was made for
the naval school that Hamilton had proposed
should be connected with it. In 1808 Mr. Jeffer-
son transmitted to Congress, with his approval,
the recommendation of General Williams, the
Superintendent of the Military Academy, that
that institution should be enlarged so as to include
naval cadets who should be instructed in nautical
astronomy, navigation, &c., but the proposition
failed to meet the approval of Congress.
In 1813 the Secretary of the Navy was author-
ized to appoint a limited number of naval school-
masters, who were detailed as a part of the ship's
company on board of the larger class of the ves-
sels of war, and required to instruct midshipmen
in the rudimental learning of their profession.
Of course, the scholastic training and education
acquired on shipboard was of the most meager
character. By the act of 1842 those schoolmas-
ters were dignified with the title of professors of
mathematics. Of this system of instruction on
shipboard Mr. Upshur, in his annual report in
1842, said, "Through a long course of years the
midshipmen were left to educate themselves and
one another. Suitable teachers are now pro-
vided for them, but their schools are kept in the
midst of a thousand interruptions and impedi-
ments, which render the whole system of little or
no value;" and hence he repeated the recom-
mendation of Secretaries Junes, Thompson,
Southard, and Paulding, and of President John
duincy Adams, that a naval academy should be
established upon a proper basis.
1 will not take up the time of the Senate to re-
peat the arguments of those eminent men, and of
committees of this and of the other House of Con-
gress, in which they demonstrated that it was the
highest dictate of economy, honor, and duty to
give to ournaval officers, who are our represent-
atives abroad, the armed embassador of the na-
tion, the highest professional education possible.
Finally, in 1845, by a mutual understanding
between Mr. Bancroft, the Secretary of the Navy,
and Mr. Marcy, the Secretary of War, and with
the assent of President Polk, Fort Severn, oil the
