1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I desire to ask my col-
league whether he indorses the order issued in
this second district by Colonel Foster?
Mr. SMITH. I am not speaking of the order
of Colonel Foster. I will come to that by and
by. I am speaking of the order of General Burn-
side. That order reads:
" Wbeieas the State of Kentucky is invaded by a rebel
force wiili the avowed intention of overawing the judercs
of ejections, of intimidating tlie loyal voters, keeping them
from (lie polls, and foicing tlie election <>t dislpyal candi-
dates at the election on the 3d of August."
Was that" whereas"true? Had notKentucky
been invaded? Hud not a force come into the
State from Tennessee, where the rebel army was,
and had not the declaration been made that there
should be no election in Kentucky ? it was so un-
derstood everywhere, it was so understood by the
Governor and by every official in the State. In
the short canvass I made through my district 1
was three days in company with the present Gov-
ernor of Kentucky, who was then making his
speeches. He believed it;he took the same posi-
tion which I took and which I take now, that these
secessionists were not entitled to vote, that they
were not citizens of the Commonwealth.of Ken-
tucky.
Well, sir, what induced General Burnside to
exercise that authority? Was it because he felt
he was a tyrant? Was it because hp wanted to
come down with an iron grasp upon the people
of Kentucky, grind them to dust, and wipe out
their liberty ? No,sir, it was to operate against a
class of men who have never received any con-
demnation from a certain class of newspapers in
this country, against whom the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] has never uttered a word;
who are trying to suppress the loyal people o
Kentucky and grind them in the dust. That is
the reason why he exercised that authority; that
is why he issued the order; these rebels were there
in force and a larger force wis behind them. It
was these loyal men the order of General Burn-
side was issued to protect. It was asked for by
the loyal men of Kentucky, and if you will ask
the leading and all loyal men of Kentucky to-day
if-thcy indorse it they will say yes.
Mr. WADSWORTH. If my colleague will
allow me, I would like to ask who those loyal
men are? I have never heard o.f them. I think
the people of Kentucky would like to know who
they are.
Mr. SMITH. I will not undertake to give my
colleague the names of the men who iudoise the
order of General Burnside upon that subject, but
I would like to ask lum, if he believes the order
was wrong, if he believes it was illegal, if he
believes it was unconstitutional, if he believes it
was tyrannical and oppressive, why he did not
call upon the Government of the United States
to know by what authority General Burnside had
issued a? Why did lie not raise ins voice when
he was canvassing his district, and denounce it
before the people?
]\Ir. WADSWORTH. I did.
Mr. SMITH. My colleague may have done
it, but i never heard of it before.
Air. WADSWORTH. My colleague will
reco'lect, if he calls to mind what I said, that I
addressed my remarks principally to the orders
issued by Colonel Foster and General Shackle-
ford, and drew a distinction between those orders
and the orders of General Burnside. [expressed
the opinion that these orders of Siiackleford and
Fostfer were entirely illegal. -I have asked my
colleague to say what he thinks of these orders
of Foster and Shacklefoul, but he nas not given
me any answer.
Mr. SMITH. I hope that tlie gentleman will
not press me for an answer on that point until 1
get to it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is not my purpose to dis-
cuss that law passed by the Kentucky Legisla-
ture, and what has been alluded to by my col-
league. That will be discussed before oiu people;
they will be the arbneis, and will decide what
pldtfoim they will indorse, nnd what President
they will elect at the next November election.
These orders, which date back into and 1363,
have nothing to do with ihe presidential election.
They were for the benefit and the salvation ojt the
people of Kentucky. There are now no orders
in Kentucky preventing a man from doing his
duty if he does it honestly.
But, sii, I say that these men have no more
right to vote in the presidential election than they
have in the State election. 1 will'say, further-
more, so far as fairness in election is concerned
in Kentucky, that in every district gentlemen
had opposition. I know that in my own district,
while my opponent was a cleverman, no man wag
more opposed to the Government, or had stronger
sympathies,in my opinion, with the South, than
he, though he did nothing absolutely against us.
I know that my colleague from the Louisville dis-
trict [Mr. Mallort] had opposition. I know
that he discussed the policy of the Administra-
tion, the course of the war, and everything con-
nected with it. The people indorsed my col-
league because his opponent was allied with the
copperhead element in Kentucky.
Mr.MALLORY.Letme dojustice to my oppo-
nent, as he has been alluded to by my colleague.
I was opposed by a man who claimed that he wag
a better union man than 1 was, and .that he had
a record showingthathe had voted, whilea mem-
ber of the Legislature of Kentucky, for acts more
radical than 1 was disposed to advocate. But the
direct issue between my competitor and myself
was whether any more men and money should
be voted to carry on Uus war; he taking the
ground that it should be stopped summarily by
withholding men and money, while I was not
ready for that yet. He claimed that he was a
Union man; many believed thathe was a Union
man. lie voted for the expatriation act which
has been referred to.
Mr. SMITH. Does my colleague believe he
was a better Union man than his opponent?
Mr. MALLORY. I believed that I was a bet-
ter Union man than he was.
Mr. SMITH. I know that the gentleman's
opponent m the beginning of the war was a strong
Union man. I served with htm in the Legisla-
ture, and he and 1 voted on these propositions
together. We voted together for that law which
was read by the Clerk. I know that he voted for
men and money, and for resolutions calling on
tlie Government to furnish men and money to
put down the rebellion. Rut before the rebellion
was put down, when the rebels overran the State
of Kentucky, when they grewstrong, he changed
his tactics and opposed the prosecution of the
war. My colleague says that he believed thathe
was a better Union man than his opponent. I
behove it. I would have voted for my colleague
in preference.
Now, sir,all of these gentlemen had opposition,
as I am informed. What the character of that
opposition was, except so far as I have men-
tioned, 1 do not know. In reference to Colonel
MoHenry I will say, and he will pardon me for
doing so in his presence, that a more gallant,
braver, better man I do not know in the Common-
wealth of Kentucky. I heard of him long before
] knew him. 1 heard of him at Fort Donelson
and at Shiloh, and when he was raising his regi-
ment, and 1 commended him for the course he
pmsued. I have nothing to say against his char-
actei as a gentleman, officer, and true man, but I
will say in reply to his criticisms on these mili-
tary orders that they were for the piotection of
the Government which he fought to defend. The
charge that they are wrong, are criminal and ty-
rannical, would come With better grace from a man
who had not distinguished himself so much in
the same cause. Burnside every cyie knows to be
a good man and patuot. Every one knows that
what he did was for the best, and his language is
not improper, and it lias not affected the loyal
sentiment of the people of Kentucky at all. He
says:
"And whereas tin* nulitaiy power of the Government is
tlie only torce flint can defeat this attempt, the State of
Kentucky is hereby declaied under martial law, and all
military olhcers arc commanded to aid the constituted au-
thentic of the State in support of the laws and of the ptu-
iry of suffrage. as defined in the late proclamation of his
Excellency Governor K<>bin?ou.
u As it !•> not the intention ot the commanding geneiah
to inteileie Willi the pioper exptessiou of public opinion,
aii discretion in tlie eoiuluci ol the election will be, as
usual, the hands of the legally appointed judsjp"? at the
poiir;, who will be held  t! ietiy responsible Tti.it no disloyal
person he allowed to vote, and to this end the military
power i& oitit-ied to give ihem us utmo.-t suppot t.
•'< The cmv li a'lthoi v\y, eivii eoint*, and busmen will not
be suspended by tins order. It is foi the pmpo^e only of
piolet ung, li nece-saiy, Hie rights of !o>.d eiu/.ens and
the iicedoin of emotion."
If my mind does not deceive me, the Legisla-
ture of 1861 passed a law which provided that
none.but loyal men should he ju'd^es' of 'electio ifg
or clerks or sheriffs. The law of&entftcfry prior
to that was that there shoyld be one ^Democrat
and one Whig or one American ;jud^e,"arfd
them should oe'a Whig clerk aiTd ~a Democratic
sheriff. But by the law of 1861 we declare, if't'
am not-mistaken, that there shall lie hone "but
'true men appointed judgesof elections 6r'" dfcrlrs;
or sheriffs. That is 'my rcc6l!ectian,,distfjrictfy;
I \vould ask my colleague If I am correct? '
Mr. YEAMA-N. Undoubtedly. ! —
Mr. SMITH. That'was my rlcollectiop. ~""
.Next comes the drder of Colonel Foster^ torHq'
they say is the best man against guerrillas in tire
world, and I guess he will continue to be; Twill
read his ordert * '
" In order that tlie proclamation of the Governor-arid tlie
laws of the State of Kentucky may bo observed and en-
forced, post commandants and officers .of this'command
vviil seetfiatthe folio wing regulations are strictly complied
with at the approaching State election : ;
" None but loyal citizens will act as officers of tlie' elec-
tion. , ' •
<{ No one will be allowed to offer himself as a candidate
for office, or be voted foi at said election, who is not.uj.aU;
things- loyal to the State and Federal Governments, and ia
favor of a vigorous prosecution of the war for the suppress*
sion of the rebellion. . •-
" The judges of th-e election 'will allow no one to'.vote aft
said election unless he is known to them to'he an undoubt^
edly loyal citizen, or unless he shall fiist take,the oath re-
quired by the laws of the State of Kentucky."
Where did he get that provision about who'
should be candidates for office? He had a high
precedent for'it. That precedent was given by;
thccommanderof thedepartment,General B03H3,:
a year before. Was there any complaincmadcr
in 1862 of that order of General Boyle, ex!ceptby
those who were ruled out? 1 know at the time
I did not approve of General Boyle's order, be-
cause I thought the loyal sentiment of Kentucky
would defeat and ovei throw all opposition; but
I know that in my own county, and throughout^
my district, so far as I could learn, the rebel
sympathizers who were candidates for-officer all
resigned, and none but loyal men w6re elected,
and they were elected peaceably:
Mr. WADSWORTH.' Did 1 understand my
colleague to say that General Boyle the year be-
fore issued an o'rder that no man who was op-
posed to voting men and money should be a can-
didate for office ?
Mr. SMITH. That is what I understand.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I never saw it. " *
Mr. SMITH. It may have been in the winter
of 1862-G3. I know an order was issued and sent
to my town, and 1 know that men withdrew from
the canvass because not allowed to run under that
order. I know I am not mistaken about that.
This order goes on to say:
"No disloyal man will offer hnnself as a candidate or'at- '
tempt to vote, exceptfortiea^onable purposes ; artdallssuefo 1
efforts will bp summarily suppressed by the military au-
thorities. •**
"All accessary protection will be supplied and guarantied
at the polls to Union men by all the military foice within
this command."
Now, sir, the statute says that this class of men.
referred to*in the order, men who had taken up
arms againsttheGbvernment, men who had given
aid and comfort to 'the enemy, £hoiild not vote
except by a special act of the Legislature. " The
proclamation of the Governor says that act'should
be enforced. The Legislature said that none'but
loyal men should vote. The commander of the
department issued an order in compliance with
the proclamation of the Governor and said it
should be carried out and that none but loyal
men should vote, and that those who had given
aid and comfort to the enemy should not be enti-
tled to that privilege. And Colonel Foster fol-
lows the example of the Governor, ctnd"Generul
Burnside also said that none but loyal men should
vote.
Why was thatdone? Gentlemen upon thisfloor
will remember that a provisionalgovernmont was
set up in a portion of Kentucky including the
first district and a part of other districts. The
headquarters ,werc at Bowling Green, the resi-
dence of my colleague, [Mr/GRiDER.] There ,
they held their legislature; they held their elec-
tions and electcd membeis of the legislature, and
members to the southern congress; tliey'had agov-*,
crtior and all the municipal officeis necessary for *
a perfect State organization. They sent th'eir mem-"
bers to congress, they arrested our sheriffs and.
took the money fi urn their pockets, and they com-
