1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§m
fifth section. I move to strike oat the words1 i or
shall be in danger of their raids."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I now move the previous
question on the bill.
Mr, PENDLETON. Was nottheamendment
offered by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] pending, and was it not referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER. It was referred to the com-
mittee, but they have not reported it back.
Mr. PENDLETON. They may report it back
unfavorably, but they must report it back.
The SPEAKER. That is true. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana is pending,
and will be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Be it further enacted} That hereafter no special permits
or license shall be gianted for purchasing or selling prop-
erty within the insurrectionary districts, butall legutations
in reference to such trade shall be general and equally open
to all loyal citizens.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to say before the vote
is taker) on that amendment that it is very import-
. ant that the House should reject it, as it would
render nugatory and operate to repeal all the reg-
ulations of the Secretary of the Treasury ap-
proved by the President under the acts of 1861,
1862, and of March 3, 1863.
The general purpose of this bill is to restrict
this class of permits to persons to trade in rebel
States, and the more special object of the bill is
to provide regulations in regard to the sale of
abandoned or seized cotton. It will be seen at a
glance by the reading of the third section that if
this amendment should be adopted the bill itself
would be substantially defeated. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. FENTON demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote by
winch the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OP FEMALE CLERKS.
Mr. COX asked the unanimous consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expenditures be
instructed to repoit a bill at the next session hungthe sal-
aries of all l^tnak"? employed in the Departments at the
grade of $'J00 eU'ikslup--, and that the heads of the Dopait-
ment< be in so far as they can consistently with
the public sei vice, to employ competent women as clerks.
PLATS OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. DRIGGS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back bill of the Senate No. $78,
prescribing the terms on which exemplifications
shall be furnished by the General Land Office.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed;and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PREVENTION OF SMUGGLING.
Mr. STEVENS.- I desire to ask the House
to pass a small appropriation bill to provide for
an item which was omitted in the miscellaneous
appropriation bill. It is a bill from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means making an appropriation
to carry into effect an act entitled "An act to pre-
vent smuggling* and for other purposes."
Mr. BROOKS. I suppose that bill ought to
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, as it makes an appropriation.
The SPEAKER, If objection be made, it must
go there.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask for its consideration
in the House.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it a bill to provide for sala-
ries ?
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no. It is a bill to carry
into effect the law we passed the other day about
smuggling.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I make no otyection.
The bill was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time; and
bring engrossed rit was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. STEVENS. I riseforthepurposeofcor-
recting an error in the Globe of last session, and
I do it in justice to a gentleman who is not now
here. In the report of a debate on the conscrip-
tion bill on the 24th of.February, I find this pas-
sage:
" IVIr. Stevens. 1 have not risen for the purpose of mak-
ing a political speech. # I cannot very well answer the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky for I did not hear
him."
The name of Mr. "Wickliffe was inserted after
" Kentucky" by the reporter. I rise to say that
I did not refer to Mr. Wickliffe, and his name
ought not to have been inserted there. It was a
mistake. 1 make this correction for the purpose
of doingjustice to a gentleman who might here-
after take offense at my remarks and who was
not referred to at all.
ALEXANDER F. PRATT.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Alexander F. Pratt;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Alexander F.^Pratt the sum of $530
in full for his services in pursuing and capturing
one Elijah K.Jenner, convicted of counterfeiting
United States coin.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is an
old claim connected with a matter as far back as
1849, and i must object to it. The bill makesan
appropriation and must have its first considera-
tion in Committee of the Whole House.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC LAND SURVEYS.
Mr. DRIGGS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do puss, bill of the House No. 404, to au-
thorize a departure from the established mode of
surveying m certain cases.
The bill provides that whenever in the opinion
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office
a departure from the ordinary mode of survey-
ing public lands in mountain regions or in river
valleys, especially in New Mexico and Arizona,
would besL promote the public interests, he may
authorize such modifications us he may deem
necessary to adapt the surveys to such localities;
but such changes shall be made under specific
regulations ant) instructions; and it is expressly
provided that this law shall not be construed to
authorize the surveying of any public lands into
tracts containing less than forty nor more than
one hundred and sixty acres each.
Mr. BROOKS. This bill does not concern me,
but I wish to call attention to the fact that it
changes the whole system of the survey of the
public lands. If any special reason exists for
it in New Mexico and Arizona, and the Delegates
from those Territories are satisfied, 1 shall make
no objection.
Mr. WILSON. I would inquire if this bill is
recommended by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office?
Mr. DRIGGS. The bill has been prepared at the
General Land Office to meet special and very ur-
gent cases where a departure from the ordinary
mode of survey is demanded by the public inter-
ests. There are cei tatn valleys where it would be
impossible to preserve the public interests and be
governed by the old system oT surveys. The
bill is entirely satisfactory to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office and to the Committee
on Public Lands, and 1 hope it will pass.
Mr. WILSON. Is there a communication from
the Commissioner of the General Land Office rec-
ommending it?
Mr. DRIGGS. There was one sent to the
committee, but I have not got it here now.
Mr. WILSON. 1 do not think we ought to pass
a bill of this kind without some sueh recommend-
ation being before the House,
Mr. JULIAN; The bill only relates tc> pe-
culiar localities where the angulations of rivers
leave the lands in narrowstrips in such a way as
that ordinary surveying is utterly impracticable?
Mr..WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is this bill
recommended by the surveyor general of Ne#
Mexico ?
Mr. JULIAN. I am not aware whether'it is
or is not. / 1 *
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa.' Was this bill'pre-
pared by the "Commissioner of the General kshd
Office?
Mr. DRIGGS. It was prepared at the Land
Office.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
doubt that it is done on the recommendation of
the surveyor general of New Mexico, whom I
know to be one of the most accomplished survey-
ors in the country, and in whose recommendation
I should have the utmost confidence',
Mr. BROOKS. Let me call the attention of the
House again to this most vicious system of legis-
lation. Here is a proposition to cnange the sur-
veys of the public lands in the Territories of tha
United States upon which are dependentthe titles
to all these lands. There is said to be a commu-
nication from the Commissioner <jf Public Lands
recommending it. That communication was sent
to the Committee on Public Lands and no record
was made of it whatsoever.
As I said the other day', in connection with the
Committee of Ways and Means, recommenda-
tions of this sort ought to go to the committees
through the legitimate organ of the House, the
Speaker of the House, so that a public record can
be made of such recommendations and somebody
held responsible for them hereafter. This is a
very important recommendation. It may change
the whole system ofsurveying the public lands in
New Mexico and Arizona, and it may involve con-
flicting titles hereafter, besides enabling certain
persons who have their eyes upon favorable sites
to purchase these valuable lands in the angles of
the rivers for $1 25 per acre, while the remaining
portions of the lands, which are valueless without
these strips, will never be brought into market.
1 avail myself of.the opportunity of once more
protestingagainst the practice of the heads of De-
partments of sending their communications di-
rectly to the committees unless at the same time
they send copies to the Speaker of the House.
There is in to-day's newspaper a most important
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, which will unquestionably be highly to his
credit if what he therein lays down and predicts
shall prove to be true, and yet it will not pass into
the history of the country except in the mere
newspaper record, because the Secretary did not
transmit it to the Speaker as well as to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. No record is made
of it in the history of Congress, and it floats
down into history without either credit or dis-
credit to him. I think that in all such cases, and
especially in regard to measures of this character,
there should be an authorized record by which
hereafter we can hold some person responsible
for the changes made.
Mr. JULIAN. There is an official communi-
cation from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office in this case, which I shall ask leave
to file with the report as soon as I can procure
it. I demand the previous question on the bill.
The question was put, and no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Brooks and
Driggs were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 54, noes 40.
So the previous questioli was seconded.
The mam question was then ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, Thgt the clerks of all the standing committees of
tins House whose pay is Jess, than five dollars per dav shall
be allowed five dollars per day during this session of Con-
gress, or at that rate for their actual term of service if ic^s
than the whole session.
