THE C0NGK1SS10NAL GLOBE.
July 2,
,Mr. ECKLIiV. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by adding to it the following::
- And that th&as-sistant librarian, It. J. Bonnet, be paid the
"eanie compensation, as the newspaper clerk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Howmuch
is that? I really hope we shall not go into this
thing of increasing compensation now. -
. Mr. SPALDING. , My resolution is merely
designed to equalize the pay of clerks to commit-
tees.
■ Mr. FRANK. I object to the amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY. How can the gentleman ob-
ject to an amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the amend-
ment ia not germane to the original resolution.
• Mr. ASHLEY. The assistant librarian is in
constant attendance on the House, and spends
more hours here a day than any cleric about the
House.
_ Mr. SPALDING. I move the previous ques-
tion on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
JOSEPH 1. JIBYWOOD.
Mr. PRUYN. I ask leave^to report from the
Committee of Claims a joint "resolution in rela-
tion to the claim of Joseph L. Heywood, late
United States marshal for the Territory of Utah.
Mr. WILSON. I object.
PRINTING OS INT H It N A L 1U5VENCE BILL.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, from the
Committeeon Prin ting, reported the folio wing res-
trtution; which was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That six thousand copies of the internal rev-
enue bill be printed tor the use of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
ad'opted; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OP' AGRICULTURAL ltEPOBT.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, also, from
the Committee on Printing, reported the fallow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That ten thousand additions! copies of the re-
port of tlie Commissioner of AgiJeulturc for the yeai 1863
6c printed for the use of the Ajncultural Department.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. ( would in-
quire of the gentleman from Massachusetts how
many extra comes have already been printed for
the useof the Department?
Mr. BALD WIN, of Massachusetts. Ten thou-
sand.
. Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
is enough. 1 move to lay the resolution upon the
table.
_ Mr. STEVENS. It ia not half enough for for-
eign distribution.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts a question.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illmuis. I withdraw
the motion to lay on the table for that purpose.
Mr. MORRILL. I would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether these copies are to
be distributed among the Chinese? 1 understand
that the Commissioner has sent out an agent to
China to obtain some curious specimens.
Mr. STEVENS. Copies are needed to dis-
tribute among the libraries and agricultural socie-
ties of foreign nations as well as our own,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In voting
money here I propose to vote it for the benefit of
the American people. I represent the best agri-
cultural district m this country,and I do not pro-
pose to vote to print agricultural reports except
to be sent to it and to other agricultural districts.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. As 1 un-
derstand it, these extra copies are to go to the ag-
ricultural societies of this country with which the
Depai tment corresponds. This resolution was
referred to the Committee on Printing, and we
have reported it back and ask the sense of the
H ouse upon it.
Mr. SLOAN". Can the gentleman state how
many copies the Senate has had printed for the
use of the Department?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Seven
thousand.
Mr. SLOAN. That makes seventeen thou-
sand in all.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to move t  amend the
resolution so as to provide that four thousand
copies shall bo for the use of the Department and
six thousand copies for the use of .the members
of the House.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I must
decline to yield for that purpose. I move the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. FENTON. Had not the gentleman better
move to refer the resolution to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs? [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir; let
us table it.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. We re-
ported the resolution that the House might act
upon it as they pleased. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question for ihe present.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburne's
motion, and it was agreed to—ayes 54, noes 38.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution,was laid on the table;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRIENDLY SIOUX INDIANS.
Mr. WINDOM obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has just expired.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report back from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs bill of the Senate No.
225, for the relief of certain friendly Indians of
the Sioux nation in Minnesota. I ask that the
bill be read, and I am sure that no gentleman
will object to it.
The bill was read. It appropriates the sum of
$7,500 for the benefit of certain friendly Sioux
Indians in Minnesota.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That bill
makes an appropriation, and must have its first
consideration in Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. WINDOM. Will my friend from Illinois
allow me to make a brief statement before be
raises thp point of order?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly;
I always bear my friend with pleasure.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman is going to
make the point of order he may just as well make
it at once atid save time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Minnesota desires to" make an expla-
nation, and I will hear it with pleasure.
Mr. WINDOM. During the outbreak in Min-
nesota in 18G2 some ten or twelve or perhaps fif-
teen of the Sioux nation of Indians were very
active in rescuing the whites. One of them saved
forty-eight persons. They were partially civil-
ized Indians, and now th'ey cannot return to their
tribe on the Missouri river or they would be
slaughtered for the part they took in the outbreak,
and are left totally destitute. The Senate have
passed a bill making this slight appropriation for
their benefit, and I hope the House will pass it.
Mr. HARDING. I object to the considera-
tion of the bill in the House.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. The morning hour having
expired, I move to proceed to the "business upon
the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
SARAH ROBINSON.
The first bill in order on the Speaker's table
was bill of the House No. 4C0, for the relief of
Sarah Robinson, widow of Hon. John L. Rob-
inson, late United States marshal for the district
of Indiana, returned from the Senate with an
amendment to strike out in the eleventh line the
words " without any interest or penalties what-
ever." - *
The amendment was concurred in.
■ MAJOR N. S. BHKNTON.
Senate bill No. .'128, for the relief of Major N. S.
Brenton, a paymaster m the United States Army,
was next taken up, and read a first and secftid
time.
It provides that Msj.or Brenton shall be credited
in the settlement of his accounts with $2,GOO,000
for the money in'his hands, as a paymaster in the
Army, on bo^rd the steamer Ruth when de-
stroyed by fire on the nightof the 4th of August,
1863.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. LE BLOND. Is that the bill releasing a
paymaster?
The SPEAKER. The -Chair so understands
from the reading of it.
Mr. LE BLOND. I desire to make amotion
in regard to it.
Mr. STEVENS. "If any gentleman desires
any information in regarfl to the case, I shall be
very happy to give it to him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Can the gentleman inform
us if there has been any investigation of the case
so far as the paymaster is concerned—if the only
investigation made was not with reference to the
burning of the vessel, and not directed particu-
larly to the fact whether the paymaster had any-
thing to do with the loss of the money?
Mr. STEVENS. There are two reports of
commissions sent out by the Department: one to,
investigate the destruction of the property, which
found that this money was put in wooden boxes
by the Department, and directed to be taken down
the river by Paymaster Brenton, and that all of
these boxes with their contents were destroyed
by fire. That report is among the papers on the
table. The other commission was sent out to in-
quire whether the fault was with the paymasters.
That commission made an elaborate report, com-
ing to the conclusion that there was no fault on
their part; that the paymasters were entirely in-
nocent, in the matter.
Mr. NOBLE. I rise to a question of order.
I ask whether this is not a bill to appropriate
money; and if so I raise thepointof order whether
it must notfirst be considered in Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that it
does not make an appropriation within the mean-
ing of the rule. The universal construction has
been that bills directing the accounting officer
of the Government to settle accounts are not
appropriation kills. The universal practice has
been that to require a bill to have its first con-
sideration in. Committee of the Whole it must
appropriate money directly from the Treasury.
The Chair will state further that the money in
question in this bill has already been appropri-
ated once from the Treasury.
Mr. NOBLE. Yes, sir; but it has been mis-
appropriated since. I am informed that there is
evidence of fraud in reference to this matter; that
the probability i3 that this money was never lost
at all but has been stolen. I have been admon-
ished more than once to look out for this bill, and
the pertinacity with which it has been attempted
on three or four different occasions to pass it ad-
monishes me now that we should be on the alert
all 'the time.
The bill only involves, to be sure, the matter of
§2,600,000, a sum hardly worth our attention
when we are appropriating $100,000,000 a day,
but still I hold that 1 as well as every other mem-
ber of the House ought to have the opportunity of
investigating the testimony before we are called
on to pay this money again. I want to know
whether there is a single'man in the House, un-
less it be the chairman of the committee, who has
ever read this testimony? I am told by those
around mo that it has never been printed.
Now, the other day, when this same measure
was up in another shape, it was postponed or
referied to a committee to be reported at the next
session, in order to give an opportunity to have
the testimony printed, and now it comes before
usinadifferentshape with no more light on which
to act than we had then. I hope that every man
who looks to the interests of the country will
unite with me in requiring this matter to be inves-
tigated before it is allowed to be passed by this
body.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to say that I do not
know who has warned the gentleman, but I do
know it is some calumniator who knows nothing
about it. Now, sir, this matter has not only
been thoroughly examined by two commissions
appointed by different Departments, who, after
laborious investigation, reported that thoy were
satisfied there was no wrong on the part of the
