1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2541
military violence is brought to control the presi-
dential election, a widespread extension to the
civil wa'r will be the result. Then foreign na-
tions will wait no longer, but add their might to
crush a people already by their own dissensions
paralyzed and lost. There is but one way to
maintain the Union, and that is to respect the
rights and privileges of the people; to pay a wise
regard even to their prejudices; to respect those
ancient rights which they have possessed for over
seventy yeais, and can never be base enough to
' surrender. Respect those privileges, call upon
the people of thecountry in a constitutional man-
ner to support the flag of the country, and they
will do it with the generous enthusiasm of 1861
and 1862, before the days of the draft. The peo-
ple will cheerfully undergo any sacrifices to pre-
serve " libertyjindUnion;" butpersonal liberty,
free press, free speech, free suffrage, they will
never surrender. All these rights my colleague
[Mr. Smith] proposes to conquer at the polls.
And to that conclusion must he come at last.
Men who take the position of my colleague—that
the majority shall not rule for peace or for war;
that that majority shall be obstructed by the bay-
onet from deciding the great issues of peace or
war—take a position the legitimate consequence
of which is the destruction of this Union with
all the glorious hopes that cluster around it.
Now, Mr Speaker, there has never been a de-
cent pretext for armed interference with the ballot
in Kentucky since there has never been any doubt
about a Union majority in Kentucky. Her peo-
ple are Union to-day; in spite of this Administra-
tion and all its tyranny, they love the Union to-
day. They desire to live in the Union only, and
a great majority of them are ready to die for it if
need be to-day. As they have no memories in
the past so they have no hopes for the future that
are not connected with it. Sir, it is Kentucky's
Union. In the happy past, Kentucky, reposing
in the very bosom of the Union, was a sister cher-
ished and loved by North and South alike; and
thus her love for it rose to idolatry. Each wound
now inflicted upon it, by whatever cruel hand,
draws blood from her heart. South Carolina and
Massachusetts, dwelling far apart by the shores
of the sea, struggling for the gains of art and com-
merce, may hate and part and endure existence;
but Kentucky, bordered by great Commonwealths
whose infancy she sheltered with her arms and
protected with heroic blood, whose growth and
aggrandizement have been assisted by the talents
and labors of her sons and daughters, whose love
she receives and repays; Kentucky, hating no
section, no State, sees in a dissolution of the Union
only death; death to her interests,death to her
affections, death to national greatness and inter-
nal peace. Her people need no despot's bayo-
nets to make them vote for such a Union; and if,
in view of the dangers which now environ that
Union, the world beholds her patient under
wrongs, enemies should not grow too bold, and
friends might spare their idle taunts. And Ken-
tucky will make a struggle in the coming presi-
dential election for this Union. Yes, Kentucky
will make a struggle for this Union with or with-
out slavery, with or without war; but'for this
Union of free and equal and independent States,
centering in the Federal Government, supreme
within its circle, with the Constitution of the coun-
try as the radius of that circle. They will make
a struggle for that Union by supporting free elec-
tion at the polls, by supporting free press, by sup-
porting liberty of person and safety from impris-
onment except by due process of law. Ay, Mr.
Speaker, they will make a struggle for freedom
of the ballot, and, if need be, resist by force all
efforts by violence to destroy that liberty; and if
"the people'a«ife compelled to fight their way to the
polls, it will be the fault of those who seek to en-
slave them, and upon their heads be the conse-
quences. Such a contest over the ballot-box will
be deplorable and doubtful. One_thing only is
certain: the party that fights its way to the polls
successfully never finds room there for its adver-
saries.
Now, sir, I am not against men and money. I
have been for war since my State was invaded
by the rebel army. I was not swift to shed
brothers' blood, and sought the honor and safety
of the Union by peace, but accepted war at the
hands of audacious invasion as a necessity when
I could no longer play any honorable part except
in war. I am for war now, war against armed
rebellion to restore obstructed Federal rights, not
for a war of subjugation or extermination, a war
against States or upon the property of peaceable
citizens, not for war upon habeas corpus, public
speakers, and newspapers, not for war upon the
ballot-box. I do not, therefore, fall within the
category my colleague proscribes, the " no more
men and no more money" men. I am for more
men and more money until the rebellion shall be
put down. But, sir, I say that if the freemen in
the North and in the South believe at any time
that it is better to have peace than war, they have
the right to express that opinion at the ballot-box.
According to the opinion of my colleague they
have no such right, and force should hinder
them. According to my colleague the military
have the right to determine who shall vote and
who shall not vote, to determine who shall be
candidates and who shall not be candidates.
Now, sir, suppose the Chicago convention
should do what I suppose it will hot do—nom-
inate some man who is for peace, who says this
war has lasted long enough, who says we have
sacrificed enough blood and enough treasure,
and that he is in favor of settling this question by
amicable arrangement, that he is for referring it
to the arbitration of some foreign Government;
(I am not for such a man;) but suppose he should
be nominated, and present the question whether
the war has not lasted long enough, and whether
the future safety and prosperity of the country
does not depend upon the restoration of peace.
Will my colleague say that men all over the coun-
try, from Maine to Louisiana, must be obstructed
by military forcc from voting for a man so nom-
inated? 1 cannot believe my colleague will an-
swer that question in the affirmative; and yet
when he indorses the orders of Foster and Shack-
leford he cannot consistently give an answer in
the negative. *
There is no difference between him and myself
as to the other class. Those who have taken up
arms against this Government, those who have
taken office under the rebel go<ternment at Rich-
mond and the " provisional government" for the
State of Kentucky, and all those who have as-
sisted their " armed forces," are not citizens of
Kentucky and not voters. How are you to find
that out? Are you to send Federal sous-lieuten-
ants all over the State, and station them at the
polls to say what men aided the rebellion, who
was "loyal?" You would have varying decis-
ions. Each officer would have a different stand-
ard of "loyalty"—a different understanding of
what is meant by giving "aid and comfort."
Some would say refusing to vote men and money
was giving aid and comfort to the rebellion, and
would exclude that class of men from the polls.
Some refusing to vote for the candidate of the
"Loyal League;" some refusing to go for our "gal-
lant colored soldiers;" some for denouncing the
war on speech, press, suffrage, liberty. There
would be a dozen different decisions. It would
be subjecting every one to the arbitrary will of
the bayonet. No Federal officer, civil or mili-
tary, dare interfere in a State election without
taking upon himself a responsibility that will some
day overwhelm him with ruin; like a rock falling
on him, it will grind him to powder. No, sir,
men disqualified, men disfranchised are those men
whom the impartial judges of the election pri-
marily determine to be disfranchised when offer-
ing to vote, with an appeal to the courts for re-
dress of any injury which the judges may have
done by refusing the ballot to the voter.
I want it known that I vote to retain my friend
from the second congressional district in his seat
because the majority of the people elected him,
and wanted to elect him, and had the opportunity
to do so. That is proved, and I believe he is the
fair choice of the district. On that principle alone
I am for his right to the seat.
Sir, if the correctness of the positions I have
assumed is generally recognized, there need be
no trouble outside of the conflict of arms between
armed forces in the further progress of the civil
war, and will be none, unless the servants of the
people, listening to such doctrines as my col-
league indorses, use the power temporarily com-
mitted to their handjs to attempt the establishment
of a military despotism.
Mr. SMITH. My colleague cannot divert the
mind of the country from the factat issue. There
has been no military interference in the loyal
States; it is only where men have actually en-
gaged in treason that military interference has
occurred; only in that section of country where
armed-rebels nave stood and stand to-day. In
the Commonwealth of Kentucky, however much
I regret it, in my own district and in the district
of almost every member from that Stjite, there is
not a day which passes by that does not tell us
of the death of some Union man.
Who is to judge as to who is a loyal man and
who is not ? These men who are called sub-
lieutenants, who have gone into the field and
risked their lives for the country, shall be the
judges so far as I am concerned.
No, sir, my colleague cannot fix it on me. It
has not been in any political canvass I have made
since the war began; in no speech at home or
abroad have. I ever recognized the right of the
country to disfranchise a man who is entitled to
vote. If a man in Kentucky, Ohio,.Pennsylva-
nia, or Massachusetts, becomes disfranchised, it
is because of his own act, and he must not put
the blame at the door of anyone else. If hef
chooses to trample under foot the Constitution
and the laws and is shot, or sent to prison, or kept
from the polls, he has no one but himself to blame.
The Government pursues its course in defiance
of him.
But my colleague has gone a step further than
1 have. He declares that he would shoot down
like a dog the man who should come to the polls
who had voted for Machen. Who is the worse
man of the two, I, who would but keep him from
the polls, or he who would shoot him down ?
Mr. WADSWORTH. I would be a friend
of his if he would be a friend of his country, bttt
no man should give such a vote as that where I
was if I could prevent it.
Mr. SMITH. I propose to do this thing le-
gally; I propose to do it under the acts of Con-
gress, and under theacts ofthe Commonwealth of
Kentucky. Within those laws I intend to keep,
and by those laws I would keep disloyal and
treacherous men from the polls. Bui I would not
redden my hands in their blood.
Whatever effect this doctrine may be intended
to have through the country I know not. My
impression is that the presidential election will
be a peaceful one; but no man is afraid of mili-
tary interference who is not afraid of what beats
in his breast. I do not doubt that my colleague
is a true patriot, for I have seen him at home,
and I cannot impugn his loyalty. I cannot, and
I would not. He knows the opinion I hasve of
him. He is right in heart, and can go to the polls,
and no one will interrupt him. I could go to the
polls, and the veriest traitor of Kentucky would
not dare to challenge me. Why? Because, he
knows I have always been true to my Govern-
ment from the beginning to the end. It is alone
those who deserve to be kept away that will be
kept away, and in this coming contest for the
next Presidency none but skulking traitors and
cowards will fear the consequences at the polls.
They are the men that ought to be afraid. They,
above all others, are the men who have not cour-
age enough to shoulder the musket, go to the
field, and face the enemy. They lurk around
home, sowing the seed of poison in the young and
tender minds, and send the young men into the
field to do battle for them. The man who stands
by my side and hands me a knife to commit mur-
der is as guilty as I who strike the blow. I have
done.
Mr. YEAMAN obtained the floor, but yielded
it with the understanding that he should be enti-
tled to it when the House should resume the con-
sideration of the subject.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, transmitting therewith, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the House, a copy of
Brigadier General G. W. Morgan's report of the
evacuation of Cumberland Gap by the forces un-
der his command in April, 1862; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILL. ®
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 63) to settle the account of James Kee-
