1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
sarily leads us to consider the manner in which
this war should be conducted. In the language
of General McClellan's celebrated letter, it should
be conducted (I quote from memory) " in the
highest spirit of Christian civilization.5' During
the debate extracts have been read to you from
Yattel, from Wheaton, and other writers, to show
how utterly incompatible this measure is with the
law of nations. Let me add an extract from an-
other standard authority. Manning, in his Com-
mentaries on the Law of Nations, (page 135,)
says:
"Formerly the lands of the individual subjects of a con-
quered State were confiscated by the victors; many such
instances will immediately piesent themselves to the mem-
ory of the classical student or to the reader of modern his-
tory m the examples of the conquest of the Gauls by the
Franks, and of England by the Nonnans. But at the pres-
ent day landed property and immovable property in general
is not liable to confiscation fiom the effects of war. " *
* * * "This modeiation is a great improvement
upon the ancient custom; it mitigates the evils of war
without interfering with its results; it was a change intro-
duced as civilization advanced; it has been for many cen-
turies the constant usage of Euiopean warfare, and is now
Jirmly established as part of the European law of nations."
I do not propose to enter upon this subject at
length; much has been said about it already. But
I may remark that Mr. Adams, (John duincy,)
in the discussions growing out of the arbitration
between this country and Great Britain before the
Emperor of Russia in 1822, denied the right to
emancipate enemy's slaves.
Mr. Bancroft in his history, (volume eight,)
speaking of the proclamation of Governor Dun-
more, the last royal Governor of Virginia, forfeit-
ing life and properly, and declaring freedom to
all the negroes belonging to the rebels if they
would join his army, says:
" At Dunmore's proclamation a thrill of indignation ran
through Virginia, effacing all differences of pailv, and
rousing one strong impassioned purpose to drive away the
insolent power by which it had been put forth."
Mr. Hamilton denied the propriety even of con-
fiscating debts. He said, in discussing the treaty
of 1794:
" So degrading an idea will be rejected with disdain bv
every man who feels a tine and well-informed national
pride, by every man who recollcets and gloiies that in a
btatc of still gi eater immaturity we achieved independence
without the aid of this dishonorable expedient/'—Hamil-
ton's IVorks, vol. 7, p. 329..
Chief Justice Marshall said, (in 7Peters's Ren.,
page 8G:)
"The modern usage of nations which has. become law
would be violated ; that sense of justice and of nght which
i.- acknowledged and felt by the whole civilized woiid
would be outraged if private property should be generally
confiscated and private rights annulled."
The confiscation of property as a political meas-
ure has betfn abolished by positive law in Spain,
in Belgium, in France, and, i believe, in some
other Europeancountries; and its incompatibility
with the present state of civilization is established
by the most incontestable authority.
Let me quot^the eloquent words of the late
Senator from Kentucky, (Mr. Crittenden,) when
this subject was discussed in this body nearly
two yecus ago. He said:
" Here are ten States, and by your law of confiscation
you prosciibe man, woman, and child. The whole hw-
toiy of mankind does not furnish anything like it. Such a
proscription was never before issued by human authority.
No plague, no pestilence which ever descended upon man
kind has ever wrought such mischief as this would. To
inqune whether such ameasuie is against the Constitution
of the United States would **cem to be mo< kmy. It is
against the very instincts of mankind, against the le.wms
of human policy, against all lessons of Chustiannv and
humanity."
The principles upon which the war was to be
conducted weic declared to the woiid in the cele-
brated resolutions of Congress after the great bat-
tle ofBull Run,and again in the President's proc-
lamation of^'2d September, 1862, in which he says:
"I do hereby proclaim and declare that hereafter,
as heretofore, the war will be prosecuted for the
object of practically restoring the constitutional
relation between the United States and each of
the States and the people thereof in which States
that relation is or may be suspended or disturbed."
And in one of the resolutions introduced into the
Senate last year by Senator Sumner, which passed
both Houses, it is declared that the United States
"hereby announce as their unalterable purpose
that the war will ho vigorously prosecuted accord-
ing uO the humane principles of Christian States until
the rebellion shall be overcome, and they rever-
ently invoke upon their cause the blessings of Al-
mighty God."
Let Congress adhere to this declaration. Let us
do nothing to disgrace our country before the civ-
ilized world. Let the humane principles of the
law of nations and the benign influences of Chris-
tianity regulate our conduct in the fearful struggle
in which we are engaged.
We may then hope that the time will soon come
when the Constitution will again be respected
throughout our whole country, and our Union be
restored to its former strength and proportions.
But if this is not to be, and a wholesale system
of confiscation is to be entered upon, such as mod-
ern history cannot parallel; if we are thus to be
held up to the denunciations of all Christendom,
the responsibility must rest with those who adopt
the measure now proposed.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I hope the gentleman
from New York who has just spoken and occu-
pied but half an hour [Mr. Pruyn] will have per-
mission to print the remainder of his speech; and
that gentlemen on the other side will withdraw
their objections made yesterday to the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] printing the remainder
of his remarks.
Mr, WILSON. I wish to state that my re-
marks are published in the Globe to-day, cxcept
the portion I was not able to deliver within the
time.
Mr. COX. I consider my objection as having
been withdrawn before it was published.
Mr. WILSON. Of course I cannot publish it
now.
No objection was made to publishing the
speeches referred to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, John 1). Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blow, Bout-
well, Boj-d, Biarideg<'0. Brooniall, Anibio^o IV. Clark,
Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Cicsvvell, Ilenry Winter Da-
vis, Thomas T. Davis/Panes, Doming. Donnelly, Dngg^,
Eliot, Fnrnsvvorth. Fenton, Fiunk, Gaificld, Gooch, Gun •
nell.lligbv, lloopei, Ilotchkiss. A.-ahel W. Ilubbard. John
H. llubbatd, Hulburd, Jenekes, Julian, Katson, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, Oilando Kellogg, Ijoan, Lon^jeai,
Marvin, MoBride, MeCliug, Melndoe, Samuel F. Millet,
Moorhead, Moinll, Daniel Moms Amos .Myers, Leonard
Mvers, i\oiton, Charles O'Neill, Oith. Patterson, Perham,
Pike, Pomerov, Alexander II. Uice, John II. Uice, Edward
fl. Rollins, Sciicnck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smilheis,
Spalding, 'Steven*, Thayer, Tiacy, Up^on, Van Valken-
burgh, Kiihu B. Washburne, William B. WaMihurn, Wil-
liam*, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—83.
NAYS—Messis. James 0. Allen, Anemia, Bnilv, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, Jacob B. Blair. Bliss, Brooks, Jaines S.
Brown, William G. Brown, Chanler, Clay. CofTioth, Cox,
Cravens, Dawson, Denmson, Eden, Edgeiton, Eldiid<re,
Fmckj GaiiMm, Cinder, Harding, Hai rington, Benjamin G.
Ilaius, Ileirick, 11 olman, Ihnchm>, William Johnson,Kalb-
flei^eh, Kernan, King, Knapp, Law, Lazcar, f,e Blond,
Long, Malloiy, Matey, McDowell. McKinney, Middletnn,
William 11. Miller. James It. Moms, Mouiion, Nelson, No-
ble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pcndleton, Pruyn, Radtoid, Samuel
T. Bandall. William II. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, James
S. Rollins,Xtoss, Scott, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stron^e, Stuart, Thomas, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Webster,
Whaley, Wheelei, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. Wmte,
Wmfield, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—74.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which tin? resolution was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
During the call of the roil,
Mr. ASHLEY stated that Mr. Wilder had
paired off with Mr. Perry; that Mr. Wilder
would have voted in the affirmative, and Mr.
Perry in the negative.
Mr. SMITH stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Blair, of Missouri, who would have voted
in the negative, while he would have voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. PIKE stated that Mr. Blaine was detained
from the House by sickness.
Mr. ANCONA stated that Mr, Johnson, of
Pennsylvania, who would have voted against the
resolution, was 'detained from the House bysick-
ness.
Mr. ALLISON stated that Mr. Price was ab-
sent on important business.
The result was then announced as above stated.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
i of the House to go to the business on the Speak-
er's table for the purpose of taking up "the inter-
nal revenue bill, which has been returned from
the Senate with amendments, with a view to its
reference to the Committee of Ways and
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. COX. I rise to a privileged motion. 1
move that when the House adjourns to-day ifc
adjourn to meet on Monday next; and I ask for
tellers on my motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Schenck were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 79, noes 69.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 73; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Bliss, Brandegee, Brooks, James S. Brown,Wil-
liam G. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Coffioth, Cox, Cravens,
Dawson, Doming, Denmson, Dtiggs, Eden, Edgerton, El-
dridge, Pmek, Gansnn, Grider, Harding, Harrington, Ben-
jamin G. Harris, Ileinck, Hutchins, William Johnson,
Kalbilcisch, Kernan, King, Knapp, Law, JLe Blond, Long,
Mailory, Marey, McDowell, McKinney, Middleton, Wil-
liam H. Miller, James R. Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Noble,
Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Pruyn, Rad-
foid, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rosrers, James S.
Rollins, ltoss, Scott, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Strouse, Stuait, Thomas, Tracy, Wadsworth, Ehhu B.
Washburne,Webster, Whaley,Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, Williams, Winfield, and Fernando
Wood—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blow,
Boutwell, Boyd, Broomull, Ambrose W.dlark, Cobb, Colo,
Cieswell, Ilenry Winter Davis, ThomasT. Davis, Dawes,
Donnelly, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fenton, Frank, Garfield,
Gooch, Grinnell, Iligby, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, John
II. lluhbaid, Jenekes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg. Orlando Kellogg, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, Mc-
Bride, MeClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton,
Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pomerov, Wil-
liam II. Randall, John II. Rice, Edwind H. Rollins,
Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smithers,
Spaldimr, Stevens, Thayer,Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wilson, Windom,and Woodbridge—73.
So the motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at
seven minutes to five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned until Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 8,1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, lie v. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
CREDENTIALS P1USSENTED.
Mr.' HARLAN presented the credentials of
Hon. .Tames W. Grimes, chosen by the Legisla-
ture of Iowa a Senator from that State for the
term commencing March 4, 1865; which were
read, and ordered to be placed on the files of the
Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POWELL. I present resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Kentucky in favor of
the passage of a bill to reimburse that State for
losses sustained by rebel raids. I desire, if the
Senate will allow me, to call the attention of the
Committee on Military Affairs to the importance
of this question, and 1 hope they will give it tlieir
vcry prompt attention. I move that the resolu-
tions be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Isaac Reede, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
for a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. COWAN presented five petitions of J. Ga-
luslia Staunton, praying that certain patents may
be issued to him upon the payment of the "bal-
ance fee" into the United States Treasury; which
were referred to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent 0ffi.ee,
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas tn favor of a grant of land
for the endowment of Olathe College in that State;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
