520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
of Kansas in favor of indemnifying the loyal citi-
zens of that State for losses incurred by raids of
guerrillas, and also of granting pensions to the
widows and children of those killed; which were
referi-ecl to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented a petition of
citizens of Johnson county, Kansas, praying for
an appropriation of #100,000, one half to be ap-
plied to the endowment of a college located at
01athesand the x-esidue for the relief of the wid-
ows and orphans of citizens murdered by Q,uan-
trell's bushwhackers and otherrebel bands; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Kansas, in favor of a grant of land
for the endowment of the Oiathe College in that
State; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying for the sale of
the mineral lands of the Rocky mountain coun-
try, and also for aid for the construction of the
Northern and Central Pacific railroads; which
■ was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented n memorial of the re-
ligious Society of Friends of Pennsylvania, New
Jersey, Delaware, and adjacent parts of Mary-
land, praying for exemption from military duty;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of soldiers of the
State of Massachusetts who volunteered and en-
listed into the service of the United States for the
term of nine months in the autumn of 1862, pray-
ing for a bounty of twenty-five dollars; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. HOWE presented two petitions of citizens
of Oconto, Wisconsin, praying for a modification
of the reciprocity treaty; which were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORGAN presented resolutions uf the
Assembly of the State of New York in favor of
an increase of the facilitiesforconvenient and ex-
peditious travel and transportation of troops be-
tween the cities of New York and Washington;
wure I'efei'ied to the Committee on Military -
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER, i offer the petition of a large
number of colored citizens of Philadelphia, in
Which they ask Congress to take all steps toward
universal freedom; and they especially pray that
they will do everything in their power toward
granting the elective franchise to the colored peo-
ple of the United States.
^ fn presenting this petition I am reminded of an
incident which occurred during the last Congress
before, this rebellion. I then presented a petition
from colored citizens, which, by a vote of the
Senate, was duly referred to a committee known
as the Harper's Ferry committee, of which the
Senator from Virginia, Mr. Mason, now a rebel,
was the chairman. The Journal of the Senate
shows the action of that committee on that occa-
sion. 1 read from the Journal, It is under date
of June 15, 1«G0;
"Mr. JVUso.v, from tliu solcet ■•oramittep on the Har-
per s t erry iiiv.-k.ioh, to whom was referred the petition of
citizens ot Miis^aelm-'etls of Alnean descent, submitted a
,eP°rt> ftceonipamud l > the following resolution:
r,;tl P:M,or purporting to by a petition from
citizens, of flic Commonwealth of of African
descent, presented to the Semite by Oiiviars Su.mntr, a
feenator ftom Ma^achuootrs, on the 5th of Juno mutant
and on us motion lefcried to a select committee of the
oenatc, bo returned by the Secretaiy to the Senator who
presented It."
^ The Senate never acted upon this resolution, but
it stands on our record ns one of the last efforts
of a person who is now in open rebellion. 1 con-
tent myself with remarking that it is natural that
one wlm was preparing to be a rebel should deny
that colored persons were citizens of the United
otutes. [ ask the reference of this memorial to
on slavv 'y freedmen.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred.
Mr. GRIMES. Ipresent the petition ofT. Ii
Robinson, president of the Columbia Fire Com-
pany, and of the other Members of tbatcompany,
in the city of Washington, representing that they
are deeply improved with the inefficiency- of the
mode of extinguishing fires now and heretofore
practiced in this city by meansofhand lire-eimiies.'
They say that they have observed with%xat
satisfaction the mode practiced in Baltimore, Phil-
adelphia, and other cities, by means of steam
fire-engines, and they earnestly petition Congress
for an appropriation to purchase a steam fire-
engine for the protection of the public and private
property in this city, which the members of the
Columbia Fire Company propose to take charge
of and keep free of expense to the Government.
They say that the amount necessary.to make the
purchase is $6,000, and that their company build-
ings are situated very near the Capitol building,
and that it would be a vastadvantage to the Gov-
ernment if their prayer should be granted. I
move that the petition be referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to present the
petition of Issac N. Haynie and others, of Cairo
and its vicinity, in the State of Illinois, asking for
the establishment of a western navy and dock-
yard and naval depot at that point. This petition
sets forth at some length the advantages of that
location for a navy-yard and naval depot, show-
ing among other things that it isat the confluence
of all the great rivers of the valley of the Mis-
sissippi ; thatit is below the point where the rivers
freeze or are obstructed by ice, and alsoatapoint
which is navigable at all seasons of the year; that
boats are never obstructed by low water in com-
ing to Cairo; that nearly the whole commerce of
at any rate the upper part of the valley of the Mis-
sissippi passes Cairo, reaching through Kentucky
and Tennessee away to Alabama up the Cumber-
land and Tennessee rivers, and reaching up the
Ohio to Pittsburg, and up the Mississippi to its
sources; that the commerce of all that country
passes this point; that it is a healthy location;
and that it possesses superior advantages to any
other in the country for the location of a navy-
yard.
The petitioners accompany their petition with
a map showing the depth of water at this point,
the elevation of the land above low-water mark,
the extent of the floods, and also the certificates
of physicians and Army surgeons who have had
experience there as to the health of the location.
The petition is also accompanied by a proposition
from the proprietors of the Cairo city property,
who own nearly all the [and there, proposing to
donate to the Government of the United States
forty acres of land upon which to locate this navy-
yard and depot. I move that these papers be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS OP KENTUCKY.
Mr. DAVIS. I present a resolution passed by
the General Assembly of the State of Kentucky in
relation to the adjustment and payment of claims
of citizens of that State against the United States;
and I will accompany the presentation by a few
remarks.
The State of Kentucky has lain open to the in-
cursions of I he rebels on the whole of her eastern
line, extending from the river Ohio to the angle
made by the lines of that State, Tennessee, and
Virginia upon the Cumberland mountains, a dis-
tance of more than one hundred miles, and along
her whole southern boundary separating her from
the State of Tennessee, which is upward of two
hundred miles in length.
Since the commencement of the war she has been
exposed along both to frequent incursions by large
bodies of troops as well as by guerrilla parties,
and three heavy invasions. About two years ago
last September she was invaded at Columbus by
General Polk at the head of eight or ten thousand
rebel troops; and at the same'timc by Zollicoffer
through Rig Spiing Gap, commanding a force of !;
some six or eight thousand; and about the same [!
time she was invaded from (hp region of A lung- i.1
don, in Western Virginia, through the gaps of li
Big Sandy, by a body of ttoops under the com- I.
mand of Humphrey Marshall, numbering some j|
llnee thousand. In the summer of 1862 she was il
invaded from East Tennessee by about fifteen '
thousand troops, and shortly aftei wards by ICirby j!
Sniiih, commanding an army of more than thirty |!
thousand men. Both before and since those ia-
vasions there have been constantly incursions and n
laids into that State by lai ge detachments of troops |!
and by that portion of the rebel forces denomi- j
nated guerrillas. About one thiid of the territory ji
of the Slide liar, been for a good portion of that n
period overran and occupied by rebel forces; and
last fallayearago about three fourthsof theentire
State was occupied by their armies. The conse-
quence isan immense amount of depredation upon
property as well asupon person by the rebel troops
in that State. There is no State in the Union that
has suffered more than the whole of the southern
portion of that State. She early felt that she was
competent to defend herself if she was granted
that permission by the United States Government.
In January, 1862, a bill was introduced into the
House of Representatives authorizing that State
to raise twenty thousand volunteer troops for her
defense. It was passed in the other branch of
Congress by a vote of about two to one, and was
reported in the month of February, 1862, to the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. It could not and did not receive the ac-"
tion of that committee until March last, and the
committee then made a report modifying the bill
that had been passed by the House of Represent-
atives, and instead of authorizing that State to
raise twenty thousand volunteer militia for her
own defense they changed it into a United States
force to serve for twelve months, and placed it
under the command of the President of the United
States as Commander-in-Chief.
I do not know why this subject was so long
neglected. I know of no sufficient reason for the
delay. I am well assured, though, that if that
State had been permitted by the legislation of Con-
gress to raise a force for her own defense she
would have raised one amply sufficient for that
purpose, and in defending herself against the rebel
invasions she would have rendered the most es-
sential service that she could render to the cause
of the United States. But if the force raised by
her had proved inadequate for.the work then from
the northwestern States, from Illinois, Indiana,
and Ohio, we should have got ample assistance
to render the work of defense most effectual, and
ill that way protect the whole Northwest against
rebel incursions and invasions from the South.
I have listened, Mr. President, again and again
to the contemptuous reproaches thrown at the
State of Kentucky in tins Chamber, that she was
not defending her own soil, and that that work
had to be performed by troops from other States
as far north as Massachusetts. The cause for that
condition of things in Kentucky is obvious. Her
own sons who enlisted into the Army of the Uni-
ted States, almost as fast as they were organized
were ordered into other States, and in tlutt way
were compelled to leave their own State and her
Proper defense, and that made it necessary that
| other troops should be thrown within-her boiders
I to perform the work.
I Tn June last there was an invasion of the Stale
j of Maryland by the rebel army. Within three
j days after that invasion the President of the Uni-
| '°1' States issued his proclamation authorizing
Maryland and Pennsylvania and Ohio to raise
one hundred thousand volunteer troops for six
months to repel that invasion and to defend those
States against the invaders; and within ten days
afterwards that proclamation was amended by
authorizing the raising of fwenty thousand more
State militia for six months for that work.
i\ow, sir, why there should be such prompt
interposition to authorize that character and that
number of force for the defense of those States,
while for more than two long years Kentucky has
been denied the privilege upon her own earnest
importunity of being allowed to raise any force
of that character for her defense, I cannot alto-
gether compiehend; but if there bad been early
the same disposition and piomptness to authorize
Kentucky by her own sons and her own children
to oiganize for her own defense, she would have
made it in the most effective and successful form.
Ihit, i\Ir. President, 1 believeon the 3d ofMarchj "
3863, this transformed bill that had come from the
other House to enable that State to raise troops
for her defense, and that was here converted into
a measure to raise United States troops, became a
law. The- Governor of Kentucky and the other
authoimes of that State immediately set to woik
to oigatiize a force under that law. Its passage
in any foim had been so long delayed, however,
that many of the people in the exposed parts of
the State w,io would have been disposed to volun-
teer, and would have gladly volunte.ued for the
defense of their sections and their homes, had been
duven liom them into the northwestern i5tate,>. or
