1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
proposed by Mr. Sumner, to add the following
proviso:
Provided, however* Thaf no such resident who is enti-
tled to vote < lHswh«Me shall be entitled or allowed to vote
under or by vntuo of tins resolution.
. The amendment to Che amendment was re-
jected; there being, on a division—ayes nine, noes
not counted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recm.4 on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, as amended, which will bo
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That there shall be no exclusion of anv per-
son fiom the register on account of color who have borne
arms in the militaiy .^ci vice of the United Slates and have
been honorably di-chaiguti theiefiom.
Mr. GRIMES. That ought to be modified by
inserting the word " persons" instead of'"per-
son," making it plural.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modifi-
v cation will be made.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. CARLILE. I move to insert after the
word " he," in the sixteenth line, the words "is
a citizen of Washington and;" so that the clause
will read:
If, in his answers 011 oath, he shall state positively that
ho la a citizen of Washington and has resided 111 the city
one year next preceding the day ol said election, &e.
{ can estate the object of the amendment in a
moment, it is known to the Senate, I presume,
that" there are a great many persons residing in
this city in a clerical capacity and in other capaci-
ties in the employment of the Government who
are residents in other States, who have not relin-
quished their citizenship, and £0 home to the.
States to vote at elections.. I think the control
of the municipal affairs m tins city should bo
confided to persons who are actual citizens and
look upon this city as their permanent home, and
who do not claim citizenship eisewheie.
Mr. MORRILL. f really do not understand
the proposition of the Senator from Virginia. I
cannot for my life see how a man can be a citizen
of the District of Columbia otherwis" than he is
a citizen of the United States. A man may be a
permanent resident of the District of Columbia;
but is there any rule for waking citizens of the
District of Columbia distinct fiom citizens of the
United States? 1 cannot conceive of the distinc-
tion which the honotahle Senator seeks to raise
in the case. He speaks of " citizens in Wash-
ington." What constitutes a citizen of Wash-
ington? If the distinction he desires tn raise is
tins, a distinction between temporary and per-
manent residents, 1 can understand that; but I can-
not understand that, in any legal sense, a man can
be a citizen of Washington. He may be a citizen
of the United States, or of one of the several
States; but is there such a thing as citizenship
peculiar to the city of Washington? That is my
question. I think there is not. If a man is a cit-
izen oPthe United States lie is necessarily a cit-
izen of Washington; and therefore the motion of
the Senatoi fiom Virginia amounts to nothing,
and eames nothing with it. If does not rcach the
distinction lie desires to attain.
Mr. CARLILE. The object that I wish to
accomplish by the amendment is to exclude from
the right of suffrage in this city temporary resi-
dents, employes in the service of the Govern-
ment, who have never relinquished their citizen-
ship in then States, and who chum the right to
return to their States and exercise the right of
suffrage at the various State elections.
Mr. MORRILL. Thar is provided for.
Mr. CARLILE. I think not. It has been sug-
gested to mo by the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] that the object which I desire to accom-
plish can be accomplished by inserting the words
"is otherwise a qualified elector," instead of the
words^tat i* originally proposed.
Mr.WlLLEY. The Senator from Virginia will
see that those woids arc already in the resolution,
m a subsequent portion of it, and none but quali-
fied voters can vote under this iesoluiion,except
those that will he included in addition to the elect-
ors as now qualified by law by the scope and pro-
vision of this joint lesohuion.
Mr TEN EYCK. I think the Senator from
West Vnginia is in errorin his statement. I had
intended to propose a short amendment to come
.n at the commencement of the resolution, which
I think would effect the object that the Senator
from Ohio had in view. I submitted it to him,
and understood him to say that it would do so.
Although it may not perhaps be in order just now,
I will state what it is, and then state the reason
for it in one word. I propose, after the word
"personam the third line, to insert t]ie words
."who is a qualified voter in other respects."
The Senator from West Virginia says that is
not necessary, because in the latter clause of the
resolution that is provided for. I respectfully
submit that it is not provided for; that the term
" qualified elector" in the latter portion ^>f this
resolution applies only to a certain class of per-
sons who present certificates for registry different
from that which is provided for in the first por-
tion of the resolution; and that unless the amend-
ment thm I propose, or one similar to it is made,
any person offering to have his name registered,
must be registered by this commissioner, if the
party offering his name for registry shall swear
that he is qualified to vote. It makes the voter
the judge ot his own qualification, and requires the
commissioner to register his name if he makes
that oath. We have ithere provided forthatmen
who speak a foreign language, and who are not
able to speak our own, may have the oath inter-
preted to them, and then make their oath. Unless
the amendment that [ propose is incorporated,
and it is similar to the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia, you make the voter himself the
judge of his right to vote. I therefore pioposeto
amend the resolution in this respect if the Sena-
tor from Virginia will allow me.
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly. Read youramend-
ment, and I may withdraw mine.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 11 Is to insert after the word
" person" in the third lino the words " who is a
qualified voter in other icspects;" so that it will
read:
That in case my person who is aquulilied voter in other
icspect6- shall ofler and chum the right to vote at any elec-
tion held in the city of Washington, &c.
Mr. CARLILE. I withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia to be withdrawn, and the question now
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from NewJeisey.
Mi. GRIMES. The Senator from Ohio who
has charge of the joint icsolution [Mr. Wade]
has been necessarily called away, and he requested
mo to take charge of it. I believe I am tolerably
familiar with it, and I think theie is no objection
to the amendment proposed by the Senator from
New Jersey.
Mr. DAViS. I think there is a general agree-
ment between the members who have expressed
an opinion 011 this point; they all concede that no
peison who votes and claims a light to vote in
another locality ought to yote at an election in
this city. It would certainly be preposteious to
allow a temporary resident here, who claimed his
citizenship and his right to vote out of the Dis-
trict, to vote in the city elections. A citizen of
this District has furnished me with a provision
which he thinks will furnish a more certain and
effective remedy against fraudulent voting in this
city than has yet been proposed.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us take a vote on this
amendment first.
Mr. DAVIS. I will read it as part of my re-
marks, and for the consideration of the Senate:
*da<{ be it futlher iaoli:cd% That all persons who may
vote at anj election to be liHd m Washington, shall lose
then cmzciHhip and ricjht to \ote 1:1 all other pl.u'e*. until
thev b"(jomo 1 evident <>f and entitled to vote in *ome othei
place by the Iaw> theicol ; and wheneverany question may
arise whether any pei-on lm& vofd at an election held m
W.h-bui^tun. the exatmtialion on oath ot the per-on allowed
.-0 to have voted, or the oiijnn.il poll-bank with the aHi-_
d.ivit of the piopei custodian thereot, or the testimony of
Wiliie.-.-e-j ^li.ill he received.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know of the
Senator how he ptoposes to legulate the Idws of
the States m regtud to the elective franchise.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will explain it. The provision
is, that when a man has once voted here, he shall
forfeit his right to vote in other places.
Mr. FOSTER. Why not let those places de-
tei mine that ?_
Mr. DAVJS. I confess the proposition is liable
to the objection that it undertakes to regulate
State laws. The next time I propose an amend-
ment it will be one drawn by myself.
The PRESIDENT proUmpore. Thequestion
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
New Jersey. " 1
The amendment was agreed to. * 'x
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to add a^pro-
viso drawn by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Morrill,] which he proposed to offer- to Senate
bill No., 114. So good a proviso, in default (j f
something better, cannot be out of,place.' It
would be clearly better to have the general pro-
vision which I first moved, that there should bo
no discrimination of color;, but that failing, I
fall back next on the proposition of the Senator
from Maine, and move to add it as a proviso at
the end of the proviso that haa already been
adopted. 1 will read it:
Jlnd provided further* That all persons, without distinc-
tion of color, who shall,'within the year next preceding
the election, have paid a tax on any estate, or been as-
sessed with a part of the revenue of said District, or been
exempt from taxation having taxable estate,'and who can
read and vvi ttc with facility, shall enjoy the piivilege of an
Heetoi. But no person now entitled to vote in the'said
Disttict, continuing toreside therein,shall be disfranchised
hereby.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber permit me to ask whether what he is reading1
is a copy of the amendment contemplated by the
Senator from Maine ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes; with one or two verbal
emendations.
Mr. JOHNSON. And one of the "verbal
emendations," I believe, is " without distinction
of color." [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. It is.
Mr. (CRIMES. When this joint resolution
was reported from the Committee on the District
of Columbia by the Senator from Ohio it was not
his intention, nor the intention of any member
of this body,to affect the quahficationsof electors
in the District, either to enlarge or to diminish
Uhem. The sole purpose of the resolution was to
change the law of the District which related to
the enrollment of voters, the law now being that
everybody's name shall be enrolled in the month
of December preceding the election in June, as
now construed. There have beenVarious inter-
pretations put upon the law, Mr. Carlisle, the
former corporation attorney, deciding the law to
be one way, and Mr. Bradley, the present cor-
poration attorney, deciding it to be another. The
Committee on the District of Columbia concluded
that the question should be put at rest once and
forever by the introduction of this jointresolution.
The Senator from Massachusetts chooses to at-
tempt to complicate this question by bringing in
every day the question of the qualification of vot-
ers. We'do not wish to he incumbered with that
question. We have got a bill behind this which
we intend to uige the passage of, that wili relate
to the qualifications of voters in the District, and
1 give my pledge to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts that when his Freedpien's Bureau bill
comes up I will propose upon thatthatallthemen
who shall be put under the charge of the Freed-
men's Bureau shall have the elective franchise,
and I suppose that will coverall the persons who
ought to be included m'this District as well as
those beyond, so that he shall have the colored
qualification to his heart's content, if he will only
allow us to pass this joint resolution which was
not intended to relate to the qualifications of vot-
ers at all.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senatorsays it does not
relate to the qualification of voters. I have the
jointresolution before me,and by itsexpress terms
it perpetuates the existing qualifications of elect-
ors. I need not say that among the existing
qualifications of electors is color. A person with
one kind of skin may vote, but a person with an-
other kind of skin cannot vote. Rut the Senator
says that another bill is pending before this body
which proposes to-deal with this whole question..
Has the Senator any assuiancc that that bill will
become a law? Has he any assurance even that
that bill will be again considered during the picn-
ent session ? I have none. For myself Ibehove
it a duty not only when that bill comes up, but
when any other bill comes up to which the ques-
tion may be germane, not to fail to uphold the
rights which have been long denied to an op-
pressed people.
The Senator says this resolution is simply to
legulate the register., Sir, that is hardly a can-
did way of stating the object of the joint resolu-
tion. Its object is to extend the electoral fran-
