1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1561
port. The fact that'the library is packed away
in casemates does not reflect credit on those who
have charge of it. I do not know why the library
has not been brought to Newport; bat I suppose
the reason is that there is a much better library
there, one of the best and oldest m the country,
free to the professors and pupils; and the profess-
ors found probably that there was no necessity
for removing their own little library to Newport.
I hope the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs will give the Senate his views upon
the subject from a military point of view.
Mr. WILSON. The form the amendment has
assumed modifies, to some extent, my opposition
to it,although I think we had better not act upon
the subject until the next session. If we were
through the rebellion, I have no doubt that I should
vote to remove the Naval Academy to Annapolis.
I believe it would be for the interest of the insti-
tution to remove it, but it is certainly of vital im-
portance to the country that the present military
position at Annapolis should not be interfered
with. The amendment proposed by the Senator
from Iowa gives us an opportunity at the next
session to arrest the execution of the law. So
long as the war lasts, so long as, at any rate, the
enemy occupies Virginia, Annapolis is important
as a military post, and it is one of the most im-
portant military posts the Government now oc-
cupies. We haveexpended at Annapolis §250,000
to lit and prepare it for the military uses of the Gov-
ernment and for a parole camp. It is the point
which men by land and by water can reach.
We have had several thousand men there much
of the time. Five hundred sick men were brought
there in one ship the other day and put into the
hospitals. A great military expedition is fitting
out there at this time. We may have to fit out
half a dozen expeditions before this war closcs.
In the grounds we have erected buildings for the
purposes of the Government. We have extended
the wharves; we have built railroads upon them
going to the buildings established by the Govern-
ment; we have erected additional hospitals, and
they ought not to be interfered with during this re-
bellion. I may say that the Secretary of War be-
lieves the place is one of the most important mil-
itary places occupied by this Government, and is
growing more important every day. If we were
through the war, I should vote, without any hes-
itation, to bring the Academy back to Annapolis.
I believe it will go there in the end. 1 believe its
interests require that it should go there. I ac-
knowledge the force of what the Senator from
Iowa has said in regaid to the location at New-
port—the temptations to the young men at New-
port—but I do not think Congress ought to force
the school back there against the interests of the
Government. 1 think we might just as well let
the matter go over until next session, and then,
if we are in a proper condition,pass it. Itseems
to me that would be the wiser course, although
the amendment, in the foim in which the Senator
from Iowa has put it, is far less objectionable,
because a session of Congiess intervenes, and, if
the interests of the Government lequire it, we can
then repeal so much of this act as requires the
removal.
Mr. ANTHONY. If this amendment is to
paRS—which is not necessary, font may just as
well be passed at the next session—the War De-
partment must immediately begin to prepare for
the evacuation of the piemises.
Mr. GRIMES. Why so?
Mr. ANTHONY. They cannot extend their
buildings or increase theiraccommodations there.
They cannot provide for anything permanent
there. According to theamendmentthey are only
to remain there fora yeai ; and I do not see, their—
fore, that the postponement of the time for the
amendment to take effect renders it any more ac-
ceptable, except that it gives us an oppoitunity
to repeal it at the next session; that is to say, we
may puss a law now for the sake of repealing it
at the next session, when we may as well pass it
at the next session and not repeal it, if it should
be passed at all.
Mr. GRIMES. A great deal that has been
said by the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs applies to the city of Annapolis, but
does not apply to the Academy grounds. A large
amount of the money that he has mentioned as
having been expended by the War Department
at Annapolis was notexpended within the Acad-
emy grounds. The parole camp is not in the
Academy grounds. The War Department has
built along through the Academy grounds a rail-
road, and built it at comparatively little expense.
It has built a large amount of quartermaster's
buildings, which are of a very temporary char-
acter, and I suppose the lumber would be worth
one half as much when taken down as it is now,
and couid be removed at comparatively little ex-
pense. They have been making some very tem-
porary, and but very few,hospitals outside of the
Academy buildings, and, as was said in the letter
that I read from General Lockwood, the surgeons
are about transferring the men from the Academy
buildings into the outside hospital and into the
tents, instead of keeping them inside.
But what 1 want the amendment adopted for
is, to give notice to all persons that it is nottobe
our policy to keep the Academy where it now is,
and that we are not going to tempt, to allure into
the public service the finest young men in the
country arid send them wheie they are to be
tempted from the path of rectitude, and then ig-
nomimously dismissed from the public service,
and bear reproach the rest of their lives.
If it were not for the present expedition that is
being got up, I apprehend that nobody at the
War Department would be opposed to thechange.
I happen to know that most, if not ail, of the
buteau officers are in favor of surrendering it, or
were four weeks ago, for 1 had conversations
with several of them, and they did not deem it at
all essential to the public suivice that Annapolis
should be retained as a military post. Since this
new expedition of General Burnside has been
projected, i can very readily see that there are
reasons why it should be retained in charge of
the military authorities, and 1 am therefore will-
ing to abandon the original proposition that I in-
tended to move, to send it back at the commence-
ment of the academic year next September, and
say it shall be sent back at the commencement of
the academic year a year from next September.
Then allparties will have fair notice and can gov-
ern themselves accordingly.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do notmean to enterinto
the debate so far as regards the relative merits of
these two different places. I accord with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and also the Senator
from Rhode Island, m relation to the impropriety
of fixing this matter now and at this time. I do
not consider that it is expedient or perhaps judi-
cious. It is admitted on all hands that the loca-
tion for the Naval Academy has never yet been
fixed by law, but that it has been fixed by the nom-
ination or the selection of the Department having
charge and control of that matter.
Now, sir, at this time, without being ccrtain
or knowing: that the way will be clear hereafter
for us to carry this Naval Academy back to An-
napolis, arising from the continuation of the rebel-
lion, why should we now fix upon that point by
law, when it has never heretofoie been considered
necessary that it should be denominated a place
by law for this Academy? It may be that the
piesent accommodations at Newport are unfit. I
i am inclined to think so. It may be that, the at-
1 ti actions surroundi ng that place are unsuitable for
I the young men who are collected there for the
j put pose of a naval education. It is most likely
I that they will not be able, m time to come, even
| under the restraints and discipline imposed upon
them, to resist the temptations and allurements
by which they are surrounded, tending to interfere
with the proper couise of their studies. But it we
detei mine by law that this Academy shall be ear-
; ried Imck to Annapolis at the time designated by
: the Senator from Iowa in his proposed amend-
i ment, we are by no means certain that it will be
i suitable and proper that the removal should take
! place at that time. The ground at Annapolis is
j occupied now for other puiposes, as is said, and
cannot be used for the purposes ot the Naval
j Academy.
j But, sir, I had another view in rising. It will
! not perhaps be forgotten that about two years
! since, when this matter was under discussion and
! came up as a distinct proposition, 1 had the honor
: to present a number of petitions signed by highly
! respectable gentlemen, and also resolutions of a
State Legislature, requesting Congivss to select
another site entirely different and distinct from
the two now involved in this amendment, New-
port and Annapolis, and that was a position upon
the Raritan bay at Perth Amboy, which was sup-
posed and believed to possess greater qualifica**
tionsand advantages for such a School as this than
either of the two places contended for by the rival
parties on this floor on the present occasion.
As this School is designed for the benefit of the
public service in the naval branch, and as all these
considerations are very important, inasmuch as
the Naval School has been dislodged from Us
former position and been compelled to take flight
in consequence of this rebellion fui ther No,rth, it
would seem to be judicious and highly proper
that an opportunity should be afforded for the se-
lection of a site which will combine all the advant-
ages that are necessary and desirable for such an
institution. And if we undertake now without a
moment's warning to direct the removal to Annap-
olis we know not what may be the consequence.
The Senator from Iowa says that by adopting this
amendment all parties wilt have notice and will be
prepared to get ready for this change. Why, sir,
the change as proposed to be made by him now
is without a moment's notice. We propose by
law to fix this point and this spot only, and that
by way of amendment upon an appropriation bill,
when those persons to whom I have referred and
when the country at large have had no notice that
any such attempt would be made on this occasion
and in this way to remove the Naval Academy
from the place where it now has a lodgment to
the spot which it originally occupied.
For myself 1 should greatly prefer that the course
should be taken with respect to this matter that is
taken in regard to the selection of sites for arsenals
and navy-yards: that a commission should be
raised and that an opportunity should be afforded
through the agency of scientific men whose at-
tention can be directed to the subject, and whose
judgment will enable them to decide which posi-
tion in the country will be the most desirable and
beneficial for a school of this description. But if
we adopt this amendment, it is a foregone con-
clusion unless, as the Senator from Rhode Island
says, we next year repeal the act which we may
pass to-day.
I see no immediate necessity for incorporating
this amendment on this appropriation bill. 1 do
not say that I may not vote eventually for the
restoration of the Academy to Annapolis, if I
shall be in the Senate at the time when that vote
shall finally be taken; but I think it is greatly
amiss at the present time to fix that as the spot
and the only spot, when these other considerations
are apparent to every person who has thought
upon the subject. I recollect that there was an-
other site proposed in the State of Connecticut,
and it was considerably urged by the Senators
from that State, two years ago. Whether they
have abandoned that, or whether they shall see
fit on this occasion, or any other to press it, I know
not, but it is a matter within my memory.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator will pardon me
for saying that as our friends in Massachusetts
seem very little inclined to keep the navy-yard
at Charlestown, and as New London affords ex-
cellent facilities for a navy-yard, we perhaps will
waive our claim for the Naval School,expecting
by all means to have the navy-yaid at New Lon-
don, thatat Charlestown being given up, the peo-
ple there not wanting it. [Laughter.]
Mr. TEN EYCK. It is very manifest that the
country, interested not only locally in their own
behalf, but interested in the public service and in
pointing out suitable and appropriate and advan-
tageous locations for institutions of this kind, is
unpiepared at this time to have this matter defi-
nitely and decisively fixed. I see no object to be
gamed by pressing the matter now. The Senator
from Iowa says he is willing to amend his amend-
I mentso that the Naval School shall no the removed
' to Annapolis until a year after next September.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the way it stands
j now.
j Mr. TEN EYCK. I was not aware that the
! amendment had aheady been so modified. That
| is a long time ahead, and we do not know what
| contingencievS may arise or what circumstances
i may spiing up rendering it highly improper and
! objectionable that it should be located there.
! I shall vote against the amendment under the
. views which I have stated; not declaring by any
1 means that if it shall be discovered that there is
' no more desirable site than Annapolis I shall not
li vote cheerfully and frankly for ito restoration to
