1668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12.
that place, because I know (ami that would over-
come ail local feeling that i might have, or any
pride of my own State) that in voting to have it
restored there, because of the expenditure already
made for the accommodation of the School, I
should vote for putting it in a loyal State. Mary-
land has shown that by recent action, and I be-
lieve she will continue to show her loyalty and
devotion to the Union, and I should rejoice in
seeing her restored to the position she occupied
prior to this rebellion; and this would be one of
the recognitions of her loyalty by reestablishing
the Naval School within her limits and confiding
it to her care.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senator
from New Jersey has said so well what was in
my mind to say that perhaps it is almost super-
fluous for me to undertake to say anything. It
seems to me that this whole question is in a nut-
shell. If the Senate is not ready to vote that
the School shall go to Annapolis now, how can it
vote now that it shall go there next year? It seems
to me that the same facts and the same evidence
that will enable it to decide in one case will en-
able it to decide in the other case.
Now,sir, 1 do not mean to suggest that I should
be against the return of the School to Annapolis;
and especially I would not suggest that the School
should he permanently continued at Newport; but
the Senate will understand that the question may
be presented in various forms: fust, shall the
School continue at Newport; secondly, if not at
Newport, shall it go to Annapolis; or, thirdly,
may there not be some other place to which it
should go, neither Newport nor Annapolis. Is
the Senate prepared to pass on that question?
The Senator from Iowa, in his proposition, post-
pones the return for more than a year. Why?
it must be from some idea, or understanding, or
conception that at this moment we cannot act
definitively on the mutter. If we cannot act defin-
itively on the matter, if we are obliged to postpone
final action for more than a year, why do we
touch it atall at this date?
It seems to me nothing is gained by it. Sena-
tors are driven to say that if anything should oc-
cur during the coming year which should cause
a change of desire on the part of Congress, that
might be expressed by a repeal of this provision.
Is that good legislation? I doubt whether it is.
Let us legislate when we have made up our minds,
and not legislate in such a way thai we may during
the coming year have to change our legislation;
especially do not let u« legislate on the theory
that within the coming" year we may change it.
Let us wait till the time lias come when all the
facts are so clear before us that we may say pie-
cisely where the School ought to be placed; and
then if u were better that it should be returned to
Annapolis, let it be returned there. For myself,
I must say that when this question was formerly
discussed, I doubted whether it would be expedi-
ent lor the School ever to be returned to Annapo-
lis. I cannot say that I continue of that opinion.
My present impression is, that ultimately the
School must swim; back to its original moorings;
but I do not think Congiess is now m a condition
to say so.
Mr. JOHNSON, Mr. President, if I supposed,
as the member from Massachusetts who spoke
first [Mr. Wilson] stated, that the removal of
this School back to Annapolis would interieie in
tiny way with the public interest, 1 should be ay
far from supporting it as any other member of the
Senate; but I ain not ot that impression, and 1 am
unable to conceive upon what giound the public
interests, as far as any other scivice of the Gov-
ernment is concerned than the Navy, will be af-
fected at ail. I think there is a misapprehension
with some of the members of the Senate, and a
misapprehension on the partofthe Executive, and
perhaps in that misaprephen&ion the honorable
member fiom Iowa participates, iti supposing that
the School is not now established at Annapolis in
point of law.
The first appropriation was made when F was
a member of the Senate, m 1815or 1846, of some
three or four thousand dollars; and fiom that
time to this appropriations have at every recur-
ring year almost been renewed until we have ex-
pended someeight or nine hundred thousand dol-
lars;and the expenditure has been, as stated in the
appropriations themselves, for the Naval Acad-
emy at Annapolis. Congress, therefore, during
a series of years have by their legislation con-
sidered the Academy as at Annapolis, and they
have spent their money and erected the buildings
which are now to be found within the limits of
the lines of the Academy, and have enlarged the
limits of the Academy itself for the purpose of
having the Academy there, and my impression
has always been and is still that there is no au-
thority in the Navy Department, or in the War
Department, or in the President of the United
States acting as the controlling power over both,
to take away the Academy from Annapolis and
locate it anywhere else, except that authority
which is to be found in what is termed military
necessity. I have no reason to find fault, and I
do not find fault with the removal of the Acad-
emy as it was under the circumstances in which
it was at the time the removal was ordered. The
State then was in a condition of great disquiet.
It is unpleasant for me to recollect how deep the
feeling of hostility toward the United States on
the part of a portion of the people of Maryland
at that time was; and serious apprehensions were
entertained that the Academy would be taken pos-
session of by mob violence, by traitorous mach-
inations, and held as against the Government. I
have some reason to believe that Captain Blake,
who was the Superintendent at that time as he is
still, shared somewhat in that apprehension,and
that the authorities here also were influenced by
it; and in order to guaid against the possibility
of such a result, they thought it better to remove
the School at once to a State in which disloyalty
did not exist at the time, and, to her honor, has
never existed, so far as I am advised.
General Butler, when he came with his troops
to Annapolis,without any authority than that
which was in him as commander of that com-
mand, took possession of these grounds, and from
that day to this they have remained in the pos-
session of the Win Department, the present Sec-
retin y of Wat and his predecessor having exer-
cised exclusivejunsdietion (ofcouise under the
authouty of the President) over the grounds as
if the grounds did not belong to the Navy proper.
1 am not now for the fust time advised by the
letters which my friend from Iowa has read, that
m the opinion of a large majoi ity, if not of the en-
tire number of the officers of the Navy, it is to
the interest of that branch of the service that the
School should be returned to Annapolis. It would
be fatiguing the Senate unnecessarily to state the
reasons on which that opinion is founded. They
have been stated by many of the officers them-
selves more clearly than 1 should be aide to state
them if 1 were to make the attempt. But the fact
is char beyond all doubt thatevery officer of dis-
tinction in the Navy is of opinion that it would
be much bet to i for the naval service that the School
should be returned to Annapolis. Mr. Secietnry
Stanton, however, during the whole period of his
administiation of the War Dcpaitmeni—for the
subject is not now for the first time placed before
him—has been under the impression that the mil-
itary service of the United States requires the pos-
session of the naval grounds at Annapolis, that he
cannot get along without them. It is a very great
mistake. Thoie are some forty-seven acres of land*
attached to the Naval School. There are some
seven or eight or ten buildings which can be used
by the War Department; but comparatively speak-
ing the conveniences furnished to the War De-
paitnient oi to the Army by the buildings that
aie inside of the walls of the Naval Academy are
triihng. They have erected others. The parole
camp, in which most of the troops are, is some
two miles fiom the Naval Academy. Where the
troops that General Burnside is said now, and no
doubt conectly,to be collecting at Annapolis, some
foity or fifty thousand men, are, is three or four
miles from the Naval Academy. The possession
of the Academy is of no possible use whatever to
the collection or to the management of those troops
in any way. But the Secietary with that fond-
ness, perhaps not peculiar to him, but which
seems to belong to every man who is in posses-
sion of power, ihinks that having once got pos-
session of the School, it is due to himself almost
that he should hold on, and without reference to
the injury that by holding on he inflicts on an-
other branch of the service. I do not know that
he knows the fact now, but when he is told, as
he will be told if he recurs to the debate, that the
officers of the Navy almost with one voice, at
least such of the officers as sftand high in the public
esteem, including the Superintendent himself, who
has been there for several years, all concur m the
opinion that the good of the Navy demands the
return of the School to Annapolis, I have that
confidence in his judgment and patriotism that he
will very cheerfully yield to the conviction which
as I think testimony of that sort will fix upon his
mind.
But whether it is so or not, Mr. President, if
we are satisfied that that branch of the service
will be benefited by the removal of the School,
why should we suffer the opinion of the Secretary
of War to stand in our way ? We are as compe-
tent to judge as he is, provided we have all the
evidence before us that he has before him, and
that is certainly true. How does he know what
mischief is not being done to the Navy by having
the School where it is now ? How does he know
what would be the extent of the benefit which
would be conferred upon the Navy by returning
the School to Annapolis more than we do? No.t
atall; and itisa branch of the service that 'we
ought, in every possible mode that we can, to
foster, and especially at this time. I think it im-
probable, but it is by no means certain, that we
may not in a short time, and a comparatively
short time, be involved in a war with some mari-
time nation. Then especially shall we want this
arm of the public service to be as strong as it can
be made; and if it be probable m the least degree
that the education of these young men who are
being trained now to carry our flag the world over
as the fit representatives of the nation whose flag
it is, can be better prosecuted by their being sent
to Annapolis, under all the circumstances that
will attend them there, compared with those which
are attending them now in Newport, than by suf-
fering them to remain at Newport, why should
we not send them to Annapolis? Becau.se the
War Department want one or two buildings in-
side of the walls of the Naval Academy for hos-
pital purposes ! What do we see all around this
city? We sec hospitals spread all around us,
erected at t\ cost comparatively trifling, almost
nothing to the Government, and as far as the site
is concerned, which in the judgment of the Secre-
tary may render it necessary to have hospitals at
Annapolis for the safety of the troops that he may
be obliged to collect there from time to time, there
is land enough at Annapolis—I was about to say,
and my friend fiom Rhode Island will not take it
amiss if I shall say, almost as much land there
to build hospitals upon as there is in the whole
State of Rhode Island.
Now, Mr. President, I do not know, and I
should very much regret if I even suspected it,
that there exists in the mind of any member of
Lhe Senate, or of any member of the executive
department,an unwillingness to return this School
to Annapolis because of the supposed disloyalty
of the sons of Maryland. The State has already
spoken upon that question, and she has spoken
in a way which no one, I am sine, who feels any
fraternal affection to loyal bretlm-n, oi those who
ought to be loyal brethren, will doubt the sin-
cerity of; and she has not only spoken so as to
satisfy the whole world that she is loyal to the
Government and to the Union, but that she is
loyal to the cause of human fiecdom; thatshehas
made up her mind that the last badge of seivitude,
as far as her limits are concerned,shall be term-
inated: that her soil shall only be trod by the
feet of freemen, without icgard to complexion or
to iacr, and she desires and hopes to see the time
when her wish may be accomplished; she desires
to be and to remain forever a State of a Union in
which there shall be no othersei vitude than that
servitude which belongs to an honest and patri-
otic. obedience to the laws.
The honorable member from Rhode Island inti-
mates that it is rather disparaging to the Navy De-
partment, rather a reflection upon the Navy De-
partment, that the School should be by law fixed
anywhere. I suppose that there is no difference
in thatopmion between the Nnvy Departmentand
the War Depaitment. Was the War Department
originally disparaged, and is it to be considered
as now disparaged, by the fact that the Military
Academy is located by law at West Point > Cer-
tainly not. Is there not precisely the Game neces-
sity, looking to the interest of the Government,
to have the Naval Academy located at a particular
placefmally,exceptsubjectto contingencies which
