mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
July 2.
rnitt.ee had examined and found truly enrolled a
biW making appropriations for sundry; civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1865, and fcr other purposes.
CAKMACK AND RAMS AY—AG AIN.
Mr. ALLEY. With some knowledge of the
subject, I will certainly be permitted to say a few
WO!*<l8.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
suppose that the gentleman desired to be heard,
because he himself inoveti to lay the subject on
the t#ib!e, eo that nobody could be heard.
Mr. ALLEY. Not at all. The gentleman is
entireily ntistaken. I did not move to lay on the
table. I simply renewed that motion.
' Mr. WASHBURNE, of JUinois." It was be-
fore there was amy discussion.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, I am a little sur-
prised at the feeling which this case always excites
when it is brought into the House. The gentle-
man from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] has told us
that this case was examined by the Committee
on the Post OfBee and Po„st Roads; that he was
a member of that committee, and that he under-
stood the case thoroughly. The very statement
he makes shows that he has not the first concep-
tion of the character of this claim, when he tells
the House that it was for $1,800,000.
Mr. WINDOM. What was the amount origin-
ally claimed?
Mr. ALLEY. The amount they claimed to
have expended was §264,000.
Mr. WINDOM. What was the amount of
the whole claim brought before Congress ?
Mr. ALLEY. The maximum amount fixed
by the Senate and concurred in by the House
could not exceed $113,000. That is the exact
state of the case.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman does not
answer me. I did not ask what expenses they
claimed, but what was the whole amount of the
claims that they raked up ?
Mr. ALLEY. The claim formerly ir\ade by
their counsel but ignored by them amounted to a
very large sum,to sometlnngovera million dollars,
but not the sum which the gentleman names and
which has been used to the prejudice of the par-
ties. That has been everywhere denied by them
and disclaimed by them, and I contend that any
gentleman who has investigated this matter and
knows the merits of the ease who will reiterate
that statement does them gross injustice.
Mr. WiNDOM. As the gentleman accuses
me of doing gross in justice, I hope he will answer
me one or two questions.
Mr. ALLEY. No, sir; I mustdecline to yield.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, that is
hardly fair.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 say that .when a gentleman
on this floor makes a statement of that kind, it is
clear to me that he has not investigated the mutter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 must re-
sume the floor. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts holds the floor by my courtesy, and I think
he ought lo yield to the gentleman from Minnesota.
Mr. ALLEY. Certainly 1 will yield.
Mr. WIN DOM. The gentleman accuses me
of doing these parlies injustice, or at least of care-
lessly misrepresenting them as to the amount of
their claim. He says that he has given it a very
thorough examination and that it is " something
over a million dollars." How much above'
Mr. ALLEY. My impression is about'half a
million. [Laughter.]
Mr. WINDOM. That is$1,500,000. 1 would
ask the gentleman whether lie does not see that
when a claimantemploysan attorney and that at-
torney puts in a case, the client is responsible for
what the attorney says?
Mr. ALLEY. I believe that these gentlemen
are very honest men.
Mr. DAWES. "\VilI my colleague let mo an-
swer the genileman from Minnesota? «
Mr. WJNDOM. I want the gentleman to say
if these parties are not responsible for the claim
their attorney put in.
Mr. DAWES. Does thegentlemeyj not know
that that was a separate and distinct claim and for
prospective profits, and that this is a claim for ex-
penses actually incurred ? They are two distinct
things.
:Mr. WINDOM. I know the report said that
it was for prospective damages, but f only al-
luded to the whole amount they had reckoned up
as due them.
Mrs WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now, I will
let the gentleman from Massachusetts go on for a
few moments and then I will call the previous
question.
M>r. ALLEY. I wish to say, with regard to
this matter of investigation, that the Case did.go
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads and was investigated. I was on the com-
mittee and participated in the investigation as far
as it went, ^nd concurred in the report ofthe com-
mittee. Subsequently I had a conversation with
Judge 0"ollamer of the Senate on the subject and-
told him that I thought it extraordinary that a
claim of this kind should be presented there and
should pass unanimously and that our commit-
tee, upon investigation, should find that it had no
m,erit. The judge replied by saying, "Mr. Alley,
if you will investigate this case thoroughly and
understand it fully, if you do not find that these
are honest men and have, to the amount of $100,-
000, an honest claim against the Government,
then you are not the man I take you to be."
Mr. WINDOM. On the general question of
honesty, when men put in a claim a part of which
is false, does it not create a suspicion in the gen-
tleman's mind that the whole may be false?
Mr. ALLEY. Not at all in this case. Iam
no lawyer; the gentleman is, and I think he
has made a great many claims for his clients for
much more than he thought them entitled to,and
he would think it very hard if that was allowed
to prejudice their claims, especially when it was
done without their knowledge.
Gentlemen all over the House have alluded to
these investigations, and the influence of the
Speaker has been invoked and his action has been
made known to the House. Now, no man has
more confidence in the Speaker than I have, but
I differed with him in this matter. I think I in-
vestigated it more thoroughly than he did. 1
think my opinion in this case is worth as much
as his, because I believe I investigated it more
thoroughly,and I have aright to differ with him.
My mind was led to a reinvestigation of this case
by the remarks of Senator Collamer, of Ver-
mont, who was formerly Postmaster General,
and knew all about this matter from beginning to
end.
Now, Judge Collamer was ofthe opinion that
these men were entitled to this sum of money. I
had a conversation with Elisha Whittlesey upon
this subject. 1 presume there is no man in this
House who knew Mr. Whittlesey but what
knows if he erred at all it was always against a
claimant. He was so straight-backed in this
respect that he leaned over the other way. That
was his character, and yet Inf always maintained
to the day of his death that the claim of these
men was perfectly just. He told me that in the
whole history of his experience in Congress as
a member of the Committee of Claims, and in the
Treasury Department, he never knew a case in
which there was such prejudice, such combina-
tions, such injustice and wrong inflicted upon in-
nocent parties. He said that no parties m his
judgment were ever entitled to compensation
more than these were to the compensation they
claimed.
Now, sir, this was the character of the claim
in the opinion of Judge Collamer and Mr. Whit-
tlesey, and it is, from all the investigation I have
been able to give it, its just character in my opin-
ion. The PostmasterGeneral who made the con-
tract with these parties made it in perfect good'
faith under a Whig Administration. The Post-
master Gerieial who succeeded was determined
apparently—I say apparently, for it was the con-
viction in my mind after due investigation that he
was determined to throw every obstacle in the j
way of these parties obtaining justice for the pur- i
pose of enabling persons of his own political fra- j
ternity to reap the benefits of that contract.
Mr. DRIGGS. I want to know of the gentle- I
man, if that be the character ofthe claim, whatob- !
jection there is to allowing it. to be investigated |
and decided by the Court of Claims? ° !
Mr. STEVENS. I should like to know of the
gentleman to what political party he refers as be-
ing prejudiced against these men.
Mr. ALLEY. The Democratic party,
Mr. STEVENS. Why, sir, Mr. Ramsay was
the bitterest copperhead 1 ever knew.
Mr. ALLEY. This was'long before any such
party as copperhead was ever known.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I mast re-
sume the floor.
Mr. ALLEY. I hope the gentleman will al-
low me for a moment longer. I desire to say
that it is hardly fair for the gentlemaii from Penn-
sylvania to make that remark in reference to Mr.
Ramsay at that time. I do not know what he
may be to-day. I do not know him personally;
I never saw him.
Mr. STEVENS. I know him very well. He
came from my district, and I say to the gentleman-
that he was born a copperhead and has been
growing so ever since. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALLEY. I do not know anything about
that. I know that this contract was made by the
Postmaster General during Mr. Fillmore's ad-
ministration, and that he was fully indorsed by
his Postmaster General as an honest man. The
merits of the case have not as yet been alluded to
scarcely, and I should like to state the facts fully,
but as I hold the floor by the courtesy of the gen-
tleman from Illinois 1 must yield to him.
* Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now, sir,
I insist upon resuming the floor, and I renew the
demand for the.previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The motion that the House further insist on its
disagreement and ask for another committee of
conference was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the House asked an-
other committee of conference; and also moved to
kiy the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALLEGED ILLEGAL COMPENSATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication:
House of Representatives,
Office oj  Seroeant-at-Arms, JulyS, 1864.
Sm: In pursuance of a re.solutiouadopted June 30,1864,
diieetmg the Sergeant-:lt-Arms to request lion. Benjamin
F. Loan and lion. Green Clay Smith to letund certain
moneys specified in said resolution, the undersigned has
the honor to leport that during the month of April last Mr.
Loan called at this office to draw a month's salary, and nn
it being suggested that he had received pay as a military
officer and as a member of Congress for the same time,
he admitted it to be jiue, and inquired the eomse pursued
by other officers under similar circumstances, and was in-
formed they drew pay only as a member for tile tune they
were out of the iiulit.xiy seivice. Thereupon Mr. Loan
declined to d 1 a\v any money, and stated that he eould not
recollect the exact day he quitted the military service, but
would ascertain and lepoit. Since tile 4tll of Maicli last
ite has diawn no part of tiie salary due him as a member
of Ctmgiess, and there is now standing to his credit with
the United States—after debiting his account ($782 88) (or
the time he received pay as a militaryolBcer, namely, from
the 4th March, 1863, to the 8rli day of June, 1883—§217.
Mr. (J. C, Smith had the same suggestions made to him
tiiat were made to Mr. Loan. He seemed surpiised to
learn that he had unlawfully received pay both as a mili-
tary ofKeer and a member of Congress, and stated that he
eould arrange to refund the amount, but up to this date
has failed to do so, and has drawn his salaiy as member of
Confess lioni the 4th day of March, 1863, to the 4th day
of June, 1864. and is now indebted to the United States
§1,717 12. On being requested, 111 accordance witii said
resolution, to refund tiie amount, slated tiiat he himself
would make a written statement to the House, which state-
ment U herewith submitted as a part of the repoit.
I have the honoi to "be, very rcspeetfully. your obedient
servant, N. G.'OltDWAV,
Scrgeant-al-Jlms House of Rept esentatioes.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives, United States.
House of Representatives, July 1, 1864.
Sir: Your nole with the account charged against me in
favor of tho United Mates was received tins morning, and
aner consideration I answer as follows:
I was appointed bitgadier gcneial of United States vol-
unteers llrli of June, 1863, and remained sueh to the lsf
day ol December, 1863. August 3, 1863, I was elected to
a teat as a member of tile Thnty-Eighth Congress. I con-
tinued in the seiviee, however, until do 1st of December
lollowmg, and drew pay to tile 1st of December, when 1
ceased to be a brigadier general in the volunteer service,
i JroevT 110 m<,re as such. On the 7th day of December,
ibbd, 1 was sworn ill as a member of Congress, and for the
fir&t time accepted said office. I wasthen no kmgei in ihe
military service as an otiicer of the Army, idiewpay for
5-uch tnn« onJy a< I was in the service; when I ceased to
bp an ofhoei I that moment ceased to draw pay. [ was '
entitled to a regular salaiy fixed by Ja\v} to wit> §3,000 per
annum. It matters not whether Congress sat one month
or six, the momhois of Congress were untitled to their sal-
aryol $3,000. Now, when my resignation as brigadier gen-
eial was accepted on tiie 1st day of December, 1863, I
was neither an officer in the Army ner a member of Con-
gress, &nd when on the 7tli day of December I became ft
member of Congress t clearly thought I was entitled tomy
