1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
to introduce a bill of which previous notice had
not been given, I objected, not on account of the
source from whence the application wag made,
but simply because I thought we had had enough
this morning of the negro. Since that, the reso-
lution of the Senator from Rhode Island has been
introduced and entertained, and we have had a
speech on the same subject. I therefore withdraw
the objection I made to the introduction of the bill
of the Senator from Massachusetts, so that the
whole batch may go to the committee together.
When the committee reports, I inform the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island that I shall take occasion
to review the consistency and the honesty of his
party in reference to this whole subject of slavery.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg to say one word in
repljs. If the Senator from Delaware has ever
made any speech in this Chamber the whole sta-
ple of which was not upon the negro, it is one that
I did not have the pleasure of listening to. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion introduced by the Senator from Rhode Island
will be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. The Senator from Delaware having with-
drawn his objection to the introduction of the bill
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts, the
question is upon granting leave to introduce that
bill.
By unanimous consent leave was given to in-
troduce a bill (S. No. 99) to secure equality be-
fore the law in the courts of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the select committee on slavery and freedmen.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of John
F. Denson, paymaster's clerk in the Navy, pray-
ing for an increase of compensation of paymas-
ters' clerks, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 104) to regulate the pay of clerks
to paymasters in the Navy. The bill was lead
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution to
print twelve hundred extra copies of the report of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the use
of the Senate, and three thousand copies to be dis-
tributed by the Superintendent, reported it with-
out amendment; and the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of John C. Ma-
gill, have directed me to ask that the committee
be discharged from its further consideration, and
that the petitioner have leave to take his papers if
he chooses to file them with the Court of Chums,
it being a case on a contract and no resolution di-
recting the Senate committee to take cognizance
of it.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of P. B. Groff,
ask that the same disposition be made of this pe-
tition, it being a matter arising on a contract.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The same committee have also
directed me to report adversely upon the claim of
Samuel L. Linah. The claim has already been
submitted to the War Department, and they have
allowed upon the claim what the Department
thought just, and the committee do not see any
leaaon for revising that report. I move the in-
definite postponement of the petition.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of sundry soldiers ask-
ing for a bounty under the act of Congress, have
directed me to ask that the committee be discharged ]
from its consideration, with a view that it may go :
to the War Department as the proper place. J
The report was agreed to. 1
Mr. CLARK. The same committee, to whom ;
was referred the petition of Charles W. Dunison, 1
asking to be reimbursed for expenses incurred on
a mission to England, have directed me to make
an adverse report, and I move that that case be !
postponed indefinitely. •
The motion was agreed to. 1
Mr. CLARK. The same committee, to whom \
was referred the petition of Susan W. Hams,
praying; for compensation for four slaves which
aho alleges v/eic set free and emancipated under
and by virtue of an act of Congress emancipating
slaves in the District of Columbia, have directed
me to make an adverse report, it appearing that
her claim was presented before the commissioners
and rejected by them, and the law provides that
that shall be a final disposition of it unless in cer-
tain cases within which-this case does not come.
I move that the petition be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
SLAVERY AND THE REBELLION.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lutions for consideration; and they were ordered
to be printed and laid on the table:
1. Resolved, That, in order to determine the duties of the
national Government at the piesent moment, it is of the
first importance that we should see and understand the real
character of the contest which has been forced upon the
United States, foi a tailuie truly to appiectate this contest
must end di&u-tiou ly in a failure of those propci efforts
which are essential to the i establishment of unity and con-
cord ; that, recognizing the contest in its real character, as
it must be rccoiiied by history, it will bu apparent beyond
controversy that this is not sin ordinary rebellion, or an
ouhnaty war, but, that it is absolutely without piecedent,
ditfermg clearly lrom every other rebellion and every other
win, inasmuch sis it is an audacious attempt, for the lirst
time in history, to found a wicked power on the corner-
stone of slaveiy: and that such an attempt having this single
object—whether regarded as rebellion or as wai—is so com-
pletely penetrated, and absorbed, so entirely filled and pos-
sessed by slaveiy, that it can be justly regarded as nothing
else than the huge impersonation of this crime, atonce rebel
and belligerent, or in other woids, as slavery m arms.
2. Resolved, That, recognizing the unquestionable iden-
tity ot the rebellion and of slavyiy, so that each is to the
other as another self, it becomes plain that the rebellion
cannot be crushed without crushing slavery, as slavery
cannot he crushed without etushing the rebellion: that
every foibeaianee to the one is a foibearance to the other
and eveiy blow at the one is a blow at the other; that all
who toleiate slavery, toleiate the jebelhon, and all who
strike at slavery, strike at the rebellion : and thatthercfoie,
it is oursupieme tduty, m which all other piescnt duties are
contained, to take care that the barbaiism of slaveiy in
which alone the rebellion has its oiigin and life, is so ut-
teily hampled out that it can nevei spring up again any-
wlieie in tiie icbel and helligeient icgion ; fi r leaving this
duty undone nothing is. done, and all our blood and treasure
have been lavished m vain.
3. Resolved, That, in dealing with the rebel war the na-
tional Government is invc-ted with two elates of nghl—
one the of sovereignly, inherent and indefeasible
everywheie wit Inn the lunitsof the United States, and the
other lh<! rights of war, oi belligerent lights, which have
been Mipeiinduced by the natuieand extent of the contest;
that, by virtue of the lights of soveieignty, the rebel and
helligeient region is now subject to the national Govern-
ment a* it-3 only i lghtful Government, bound under the Con
stituuon to ail the duties ot -overeigntj',and by special man-
date bound also u to cuaianty to every State a republican
loim ofgovei nnient and to pioteet it against invasionthai,
by vinue of the rights of war, this <ame legion is subject
to ail the conditions and incidents of war, aceoiding to the
established upases ot Christian nations, out of wiueh is
dctived the I.umhai nm\im ol public duty,indemnity for
the pa-t and security foi the iutme."
4. Resolved, That, hi seeking the restoiation of the States
to their pioper places as member*, of the Republic, so that
every State shall enjoy again its constitutional tunetions
and eveiy stai on our national flag shall represent a State,
in reality as well as m name, can; must be taken that the
lelicihon i> not allowed, thiough any negligence or mis-
taken concession, to retain the least foothold lor futuic ac-
tivity. oi the lea-t genn of luture lite ; that, whether pro-
ceeding by theexeicw; ot sovereign rights oi of helligeient
right?, the same precautions must be exacted against future
peril; that, therelore, any system ot u reconstiuction"must
be rejected which does"not provide by irreversible guar-
antees ajMinst the continued existence or possible revival
of slaveiy, and that such guaiantecs can be ptimarily ob-
tained oniv tin on«h the ageney of the national Government,
which to this end inunaasert a tempoiary supremacy, mil-
itaiy or civil, tlnoughout the lebel and belligerent region,
of sufficient dmation, to stamp upon tins legion the char-
acter of Ireedoni.
Resolved, That, in the exercise of thin essential su-
premacy of the national Govei ninent a solemn duty i- cast
upon Congiess to see that no rebel State is prematurely
ret-toied to its constitutional function-, until within lt-
boidcis all propot safeguard-' are established, so that loyal
citizens, including the new-made fieedmen, cannot at any
tune be 'molested by evil-dispo-ed peu-ons, and especially
that no man thete nia) be made a slave, that this solemn
duty belong-: to Congicso. under the Constitution, whether
iu the e\eieise of rights ot sovereignty or lights of war;
and that, m its pcrfoimance, that system of lv reconstiuc-
tion*' will be lound the best—-howsoever it may be named
—which promises most suielyto accomplish the defied
end. so that shT\ cry, which i<? the synonj rn of the rebellion,
shall absolutely cea-e tlnoughout the whole iebel and hel-
ligeient legion, and the land which it has> maddened, im-
poverished, and dogiaded, shall become safe, fettile, and
gionous fiom a^suied Emancipation.
0. Rcsoh ed, That, in the process of" reconstruction," it
is not enough to secure the death of slavery throughout the
rebel and belligerent legion only; that experience testifies
against slavery wherever it exists, not only as a crime
agnuu-t humanity but as a disturber ot the public peace
ami the spoiler ot the public hboities, including the liberty
of the pre^s, the iibeity of speech, and the liberty of travel
and transit;' that obviously,in the pi ogress of civilization,
it has become incompatible with good government, and
csneciailv with thai '-lepublican form of government"
which tlie L'tukd states aic bound to guaianty to «vi ry
Statej that from the outbreak of this rebel war, even In
States professing loyalty, it has been an open check- upon
patriotic duly and an open accessory to the rebellion, so
as to be a source of unquestionable weakness to* the na-
tional «ause; that the defiant pretensions Of the rnatfte/,
claiming the control of his slave, are in direct conflict with,
the paramountrightsof thenational Government; and that,
therelore, it is the further duty ofCongress, in the exercise
of its double powers, under the Constitution, as guardian
of the national safety, to take all needful steps to secure
tbeextinction of slavery, even in States professing loyalty,
so that this crime against humanity, this disturber of the
public peace, and this spoiler of the public liberties shaft lio
longer exist anywhere to menace the general ttarmon^;
that civilization may be no longer shocked; that Uncon-
stitutional guaranty of a republican form of government to
every State may be fulfilled 5 that the rebellion may be de-
prived of the traitorous aid and comfort which slavery has
instinctively volunteered; and that the master, claiming an
unnatural property in human flesh, may no longer defy the
national Government.
7. ilcso/rc<?, That, in additiontotheguaranteesstipulated
by Congress, and as the cap-stone to its work of restoration
and reconciliation, the Constitution itselfmust be soamend-
ed as to prohibit slavery everywhere within the limits of
the Republic; that such a prohibition, leaving all personal
claims, whether of slave or master, to the legislation of
Congress "and of the States, will be in itself a sacred t^nd in-
violable guarantee, representing the collective will of the
people of the United States, and placing universal eman-
cipation under the sanction of the Constitution,so that free-
dom'shall be engraved on every foot of thenational sofa,arid
be woven into every star of the national flag, while it ele-
vates and inspires our whole national existence, and the
Constitution, so often invoked for slavery, but at last In
huunouy with the Declaiation of Independence, will be-
come, according to the holy aspirations of its founders,the
sublime guardian of the inalienable right of every human
being to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; all of
which must be done in the name of the Union, in duty to
humanity and for the sake of permanent peace.
MANAGEMENT 0%HOSPITALS.
iution for consideration:.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to pro-
cure and transmit to the S<?nate the record of proceedings
of a court-martial, convened in New York city by virtue of
special older No. i 18, December 7, 1863, for the trial of As-
sistant Surgeon Webster, for refusing to permit a danger-
ously wounded soldier to be lemoved from the McDougali
general hospital, in a cold storm of ram, without permis-
sion of the medical director of the department, together
with the defense of the accused read at the trial, the find-
ing of the couit, the recommendation of its members in re-
spect to a remission of the sentence, and the decision of
Major General Dix thereon. Also, that the General-in-
Chief of the Army be requested to report in detail what au-
thority, if any, subordinate military commanders have, by
existing regulations, independent of the medical depart-
ment, over general hospitals; what distinction, if any, there
is in that respect between field or post hospitals and gen-
eral hospitals; what orders or decisions have been made
by tin' Secretary of War, Geneial-in-Chief, or Surgeon Gen-
eral on the subject; and whether the interests of the service
do not requne that ail oidcis rclatingto the managementof
general hospitals, and.the reception, treatment, and transfer
of patients, should pass through the Surgeon General or his
immediate representative, the medical director.
Mr. WILSON. I think that resolution had
better lie over until to-moirow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
NATAL COAL-IIEAVERS AND FIIIKUEN.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; winch was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Revolted, That the Committee on Naval Affairs he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
foi granting honorable discharges to coal-heavers and fire-
men in the naval service, as aie now granted to seamen,
ordinary seamen, landsmen, and boys.
REVISION OF DISTRICT LAWS.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District ofColumbia
be instiucted to inquire whether any further legislation is
necessaiv to complete the revision of the laws of said Dis-
trict contemplated by the act of March 3, 1663.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing-resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Roolrcd, That the Committee on the Pacific Railroad
be requested to consider the question of so amending the
ninth section of the act entitled "An act to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegiaph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific occan," &.C., av to make the cities of
Lawrence and Topeka points on said road.
POST ROUTE.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Rcsolced, That the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Road- be instiueted to inquire into the expediency ot es-
tablishing a po-t toute from Foit Scott, Kansas, by the mil-
il.uy load to Fort Smith. Arkansas-.
