3522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
the Sergeant-at Arms be directed to deduct the same from
Ms future salary a  a member of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress.
..Mr. SMITH. I desire to say a word or two
only on that resolution.
Mr. COX. I withdraw the demand for the
previonsqnestion and yield to the gentleman from
Kentucky, holding the floor in the mean time.
Mr. SMITH. 1 understood the original reso-
lution to be that I be requested, as well as the gen*
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Loan,] to refund this
money to the Sergeant-at-Arms. i understand
thai tesolution, together with the report of the
Sergeant-at-Arms, to be now before the House.
I do not understand the object of the resolution
now offered, and especially the last part of it. I
want the gentleman from Ohio to understand that
the vote which has just been given by the House
is a sufficient indication to me without that latter
clause of his resolution. In my communication
to the Sergeant-at-Arms, which accompanies his
report, I said in polite and courteous terms that
if this House decided that the money was due I
would with pleasure refund it. I shall do so now.
Why, then, the latter part of the resolution should
have been added, that if I refuse to do it the
amount is to be deducted from my future pay, 1
cannot understand, unless it be that there is lying
beyond and far back of this proceeding a dispo-
sition to tiffed meat this time. Weil, throw your
shafts, put forth all your efforts, do what you
please, act as you please, malign me as you please,
you cannot defeat me, for I nm the representative
of truth and justice and right and of correct prin-
ciples.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. After the
statement of the gentleman from Kentucky that
the money will be paid, I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will accept this as an amendment to his reso-
lution:
Resolve if, That no member of this House can dnuv pay
at* a member and pay for any other oilice under the Gov-
t'liuiM iit at the same tune.
Mr. COX. I do not care about accepting that
a Mubaiitutr for my resolution, although I have
 <> douut ii is good as a general proposition.
Mr. DAWES. Will thegentieman from Ohio
yit-Id to me for a moment?
Mr. COX. I piefer to answer what fell from
the hps of the gentleman from Kentucky first.
I have already told the gentleman from Kentucky
that 1 meant nothing personal in the remarks 1
made about this matter. What I have said and
dune was not intended to affect his future politi-
cally, personally, or othei wise, lie has taken a
great deal more pains to affect the future of other
m  mbeiN hero who live across the Ohio river, and
would bind Kentucky in tiiis Union by all the
bonds of kiodneHH and friendship, than we have
ever taken the pains to affect lus political or per-
sonal relations.
I added to the resolut ion those last words about
deducting this amount from his pay because the
gentleman from Kentucky had been advised that
ho was drawing his pay wrongfully; and I un-
d'Tstand from another gentleman from Kentucky
that, during the last campaign in that State u was
charged upon him that he would draw double
pay. He has hud his mind called to the subject
again and again. It is not without icfiection that
In- has drawn tins pay. He has refused to com-
'ii v* with the resolution of this House, adopted
r a f.ur statement befoie the House of this
p. sinus, and I would like to know how the Uni-
• d Suites G<>vet mucin can make itself whole un-
it ss they can make the gentleman KCjuare his ac-
counts. 1 know nothing abouta m.m's honor m
this connection. I want simply the mercantile
account stated, " Dr."so much,44 Cr."so much,
and at the end of the gentleman's term I want to
see the account squared and balanced m the proper
way.
Mi. SMITH. I want to know what gentle-
mitij Irons Kentucky made the statementthegen-
tle. man nliudes to.
Mr. COX. it came fionia Senator from Ken-
tucky, Mr. Garui-tt Davis.
Mr, SMITH, i pronounce it unequivocally
false.
Mr. CO*X. 1 was informed of the fact by a
gentleman from Kentucky who sits on my right.
Mr. SMITH. No such question entered into
tlie campaign so far as I am concerned.
Mr. HARDING. 1 desire to say that Mr.
Davis would be as far from making an incorrect
statement as any man on this floor. I will re-
mind my colleague that there was an anonymous
letter published in the canvass between my col-
league and Mr. Menzies stating that my colleague
was drawing pay as a brigadier general, and
would, if elected, also draw pay for the same time
as a member of Congress. I ask my colleague
whether such a letter was not published in the
Louisville Journal?
Mr. SMITH. 1 will very readily answer my
colleague that any number of anonymous letters
were published and all sorts of efforts were made
to defeat me. I am not responsible for such
anonymous letters. The particular letter which
my colleague refers to 1 cannot say whether I
saw or not. I think I did. Whether that ques-
tion was mooted I do not know. But I will say
this to my colleague, that if a sage Senator of the
United States from one of the Commonwealths
of this Union takes an anonymous letter as the
basts of a charge of this kind to affect the stand-
ing of a member of the House of Representatives
from his own State, he shows that he carries his
prejudice and malignity far beyond the high tone
which should charaeteuze a gentleman and aSen-
ator.
Mr. HARDING. I want to understand from
my colleague whether there wassuchaletterpub-
lished in the canvass.
Mr. SMITH. I do not deny it, sir.
Mr. COX. Then I resume the floor. Thatisall
the charge 1 made against the gentleman. There-
fore when he denied this charge and intimated
that it was made impertinently, of course he must
have forgotten that there was a communication of
that kind during the campaign. That is the most
charitable construction 1 can give to his denial.
The leason why I added this last proviso to
my resolution is this: the gentleman said the other
day that he could not pay this sum back just now
without some inconvenience.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman from Ohio never
heard me say anything of tin; kind.
Mr. COX. 1 undeistood that the gentleman
said so the other day on the floor of the House;
and I was proposing to save the gentleman any
inconvenience on thataecount. I propose, if pos-
sible, to bring the resolution within the line of his
convenience by allowing the Sergeant-at-Arms
to deduct from hi a future salary anything drawn
wrongfully. What can be fairer or franker to
the gentleman than that? Hut lie seems to take
it as a reflection upon his honor. Otherwise the
gentleman might In' compelled to go around and
borrow money if he be in that condition, as I
hope he is not. My tesolution gives the Sergeant-
at-Arms power to draw upon the gentleman's fu-
ture salary. I think that was very kind and con-
siderate on the pail of the House,and the gentle-
man should so regard it. 1 move the previous
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio will not press his resolu-
tion.
Mr. COX. I promised to yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. 1 only want to say that this
matter is too clear to .«pend any time about it. It
has been the subject of frequent reports from com-
mittees of the House, it is peifectly clear, and
thete is no occasion for the passage either of the
tesolution or" the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
or of that of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
WASHBURNE. J
The question « s to the construction of law in
reference to our saiuues was not a very elearone
at fust. The question arose upon the application
of a gentleman fiom Kansas to draw lira salary
for tin; entire at ssion, although he came to Con-
gress at the-very heel of the session. It was re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections, and a very
able and ingenious argument was made by the
gentleman from Kansas in support of the position
that he was entitled to the whole salary, the point
which I understand thegentieman from Kentucky
now to make. The chum, however, was reported
against by the committei , and the construction
given by them was sanctioned by the House, and
that construction has remained as the rule under
which we have acted since that time.
There is no occasion, therefore, for any further
resolution or any further action on the part of
the House, especially as the gentleman from Ken-
tucky has all along signified his readiness to con-
form to what was the construction of the House,
and only desires to know what that construc-
tion is.
I say there is no need of any further action,
for the rule upon the point is now established and
clear, although there might have been at some
time some doubt as to whether a man coming in
and only serving a part of a Congress was entitled
to pay for the entire Congress. 1 move, therefore,
to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. COX. I did not give way for a motion to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman thinks I was
not at liberty, holding the floor from him, to make
the motion, 1 will wait until he moves the previous
question, and will then make the motion. *
Mr. WADSWORTH. Like the gentleman
from Massachusetts, I see no necessity for any
resolution on this subject; and as my colleague
is now satisfied what is the construction of the
House and is ready to return the money, I hope
the gentleman from Ohio will withdraw his reso-
lution. I think it is due to him as a member of this
House.
Mr. SMITH. 1 appreciate the courtesy of my
colleague, but I hope nevertheless thegentieman
from Ohio will carry out the dictates of his con-
science in this matter.
Mr. COX. I will carry out the dictates of my
own judgment in the matter, especially because
otherwise it would operate as a censure upon the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Loan.] Inas-
much, therefore, as the gentleman from Kentucky
insists upon it, I will hold on to my resolution and
call the previous question for its adoption. I was
about to modify the resolution under the gener-
ous and proper request of the gentleman's col-
league, but us thegentieman himself insists upon
it i will leave the resolution as it is and call for the
previous question upon it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to suggest a mod-
ification to my colleague.
Mr. DAWSON, i object to that.
Mr. DAWES. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. DAWSON. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 41, not voting 69;
as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Alley, Allison, Am«>, Arnold, A-hh-y,
liailv, Jolin l>. l>al<hvm, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Blaii,
ISouiwell, Boyd, Biooks, Cotlioth, Cole, Cre&well, Henry
Wintei Davis, Dawes, Doming, Donnelly, Diig£ s,Eekley,
.Eliot, Farn?worth, Frank, Garfield,Gooch, Gii>wold, Hig-
by, Hooper, Hotchki>s, A&aliel VV. Ilubbatd, John II. Hub-
baid, Hulburd, Ingeisoll, Julian, K^lley, Inttlejohn, fjoan,
Longyear, MeBtide, TVIcChiq;, Samuel F. Miller, Mom-
head,' iMoinli, Daniel Morris, Jame* It. Morris, Leomml
Myers, Noi ton, Charles O'Neill, Patteison, Perham, Wil-
liam 11. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John 11. lliee, Ed-
ward II. Rollins, Scofn Id, Shannon, Sloan, SmitlH-i--',
Spaldinir. Stevens, Elihu B. Wa^hbuine, William B. Wash-
burn, Welwcr, Whaley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and
WiiKloin—72.
KAYS—Messrs. William J Allen, Aneona, Bliss, Chan-
ter, Cox. Dawson, Dcmson, Eden, Ed^fiton, EJdmljje,
Enylifd), Ganson, Harding, Cbatles M. Harris William
Johnson, Kcrnan, Knapp, Law, Long, Mmcy, Muldleton,
Moni on, Amos Myers, Noble,Od^ll, John O'Neill, Ortli,
Pendleton. I'niyn, Robinson, John B. Steele, Stile*, Sweat,
Thomas, Tracj, Upson, WacMvoitli, Waul, Wheelet,
Chilton A White, and Wmficid—--11.
NOT VOTING — Mewe. Jam*'* C. Allen, Anderfon,
Augustus (J. Baldwin, Blow, Biande<jee, Broomall, James!
S. I5io\vii, Willi.im G. Biovvn, Amlno.-e. W. Olaik, Fiee
man Claike, Clay, Cobb, Oiavens, Thomas T. Davis, Dix-
on, Dinnont. I'Vnton, 1'inck. Grider, Grnmell, Hale, Hall,
Haitingiya, Benjamin G. (lain-*, derrick, fJohnan, Hntch-
mt, Jenekes-, Philip Johnson, Kalbtleiceh, Knsson, Francis
W. KeJIous, Orlando lvello^q, Kins', Knox, Lazear, Lu
Riond, Malloiy, Marvin, McAllister, McDowell, Melmloe,
Melvim.ey, William II. Millet, Nehon, Peiry, Pike,Pom-
eroy, Pnee, Radlbrd, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, James S.
Rollins, Ro«, Scherick, Scott, Smith, Starr, Stebbtnss,
William G. Steele, Strous-e, Stuart, Thayer, Van Valken-
baiiih, Vooibee". Joseph W. White, Benjamin Wood, Fer-
nando Wood, Woodbndue, and Yeaman—69.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was laid on the table; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXTENSION OF MORNING SESSION.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a privileged question.
