1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
was in relation to the Senator from Illinois. I
understood the Senator from Maine to say that
because this Academy had been removed it there-
fore-became a matter of grab game as to the place
where it should be located, or that because the
^Legislature of my State adopted resolutions call-
ing the attention.of Congress to the fact that there
"was,ameligible site for the Itfaval Academy within
the limits of my State, therefore, of necessity, I
was to go for it, right or wrong. I do not see
how it can enter into politics in any way so as to
influence me-, and I ought to say that the resolu-
tions of my State to which I refer were passed
two years ago, and under somewhat different cir-
cumstances from those which are now prevalent.
The position of Maryland was very different two
years ago from what it is now on the question of
Loyalfy. The removal of this Acadcmy had then
fcuf, a short time before token place. There was
some effort, hot a scramble, not a grab, on the
-part of the States of the North on the seaboard
.to procure the location of the establishment within
their borders, because of a proper feeling on be-
half of the Government and of the public service
that if a new .site w.ere to be selected public at-
tention should be called to those sites. In that
■viewand under those ciicumstduces my Suite did
pass a resolution calling upon Congress to notice
the fact that there was such a position an Perth
Amboy, eligibly situated and admirably adapted
for the purposes of the Naval School; but that
does not tie my hands or manacle my limbs. 1
remember, and" it may be within the memory of
Senators on this floor, that on a question of far
more importance, a very important political ques-
tion, soon after I took my seat on tins floor, 1
took the liberty of voting contrary to the express
declared will of the Legislature of my State; and
I should do the same thing again to-morrow if the
will of the Legislature did not accord with my
judgment. How far such things may influence
the mind of the Senator from Maine, 1 can assure
him that I have endeavoied to preserve myself in
times past from such influences, and I trust 1
shall continue to be able to do so.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire before the vote in
taken to lemind the Senate that this is a propo-
sition to direct the Secretary of the Navy to do n
thing which he has full power to do now. U is
to instruct him upon a question on which neces-
sarily he must have much better means of in-
formation than we can have. It is to direct a
thing to be done a year and a half hence which
it is admitted on all hands it is improper to do
now. A session of Congress intervenes between
the present time and the future time when it i<*
proposed to order this change to be made, and nt
the next session of Congress we can pass upon
this subject with a great deal more light and in-
formation than we have now.
Further, I wish to remind the Senate that the
Only objections of any weight whatever brought
against Newport are the insufficiency of the tem-
porary accommodations in which the School is
established, and that the accommodations at An-
napolis are about as insufficient as those at New-
port, the School having increased since its re-
moval from one hundred and eighty pupils to
over four hundred.
Mr. D00LITTLE. My honorable friend fiom
Rhode Island soonisto think that the Secretary of
the Navy now hus power to move the School back
to Annapolis.
Mr. ANTHONY. Unquestionably.
Mr. DOOLLTTLE. But that,'unfortunately,
is not the fact. Thy War Departmentalized the
School at Annapolis, and hold it; and the instruc-
tion which Congress is to give is to the Secte-
taryof War to iet go,and thuiis just the point in
the case; unless you give the instruction by
Congress in the law that the Secretary of War
shall prepare to abandon these premises, and let
the Secretary of the Navy have control, the Sec-
retary of War, who controls thefoiccson land,
holds it by the strong hand,and the Secretary of
the Navy cannot help himself. That is just the
condition ofailairs.
Mr. ANTHONY. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin if ho is prepared, against
the remonstrances of the Se<Tetary of War, who
certainly can have no interest in the matter, and
without the request of the Secretary of the Navy,
t0 order the removal?
Mr, DOOLiTTLE. In relation to that, the
Secretary of War has nearly a year and a half to
prepare himself to put his hospitals just outside
of the yard, and to take up the temporary rail-
ways that he has laid down to run to the bay
through the Academy grounds, and lay them
down at some other place in the city. As I do
not live in any State where there is any expecta-
tion of having the-Naval School, I can speak, like
the Senator from Maine, disinterestedly on that
question.
The Naval School was established at Annap-
olis, and it was one of the institutions of the
country, like the Military Academy at West
Point.'This war intervened, and the rebels, threat-
ening to break up this Government and to break
up all our institutions, temporarily compelled us
in fact to take the Naval Academy away from
Annapolis and put it in New England. While
it is conceded that Annapolis is just as good a
place as can be found in the United Suites for the
Naval School, I have this soit of feeling that I
am bound to restore the institutions of this coun-
try so far as the good institutions are concerned,
and I will put them back to the place where they
belong m spite of rebellion, in spite of this war.
That is the feeling which, to a certain extent, op-
erates on my mind; and when it is conceded that
this is the place where it was locatedwhen it is
conceded on all hands that it is just as good a
place as can be found, how is it that gentlemen
can say that the question is open where the
School belongs? It belongs in Annapolis; iLis
established there; only temporarily the War De-
partment has seized the place, turned the School
out, and now we want by law to instruct the
War Department to prepare itself by the end of
the next academic year to leave these premises
and let the S< hooli^o into possession.
Mi. ANTHONY. I beg to couect the Senator.
The War Depai tnient did not turn the School out.
Mr. DOOLITTLK. Substantially thatwas the
fact. General Butler seized the premises.
Mr. ANTHONY. The School was driven
from Annapolis by a traitorous mob.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Rhode Island
is altogether mistaken about that. 1 was at An-
napolis when the Naval Academy was taken away
from there. It was never charged that there was
a mob there that drove away the Academy; but
it was said there was an engineer on board of the
Maryland, a steam feiry-boat that ran between
Perryville and IJavre-de-Grace, and taken with
troops to Annapolis, that would not perform his
duty, and some excitable man diew a pistol and
held it to his head, and told him that if he did not
w'oik the engines properly he would blow his
brains out. That is as near as itcameto a mob.
Mr. ANTHONY. I expect next to hear it
denied heie that these has been any rebellion. I
do not know of anything that is more satisfacto-
rily proved than that the Naval School was driven
away from Annapolis by a traitorous mob.
Mr. JOHNSON. There never was a mob
there.
Mr. GRIMES. Never a mob there at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood the Senator
from Maryland to say so himself when on the
floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. I said they were afraid of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will state what was said
by the newspapers at the time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should doubt their accu-
racy unless they were Rhode Island newspapers.
If they are Rhode Island newspapers they tell
the truth, no doubt. [Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. It was in all the news-
papers.
Air. GRIMES. I was there myself.
Mi. AN XTIONY. I understand the Senator
to admit tbeie has been a rebellion.
Mr. GRIM ES. Yes.
Mr. ANTHONY, i want to start on some
common gionnd.
Mr. GRIMES. I had as much instrumentality
in iemoving it as anybody else. I came heie with
one of the younger officers sent up by Commo-
dore Blake—an officer who is now Commander
Simpson—and visited the Secretary of War and
the .Secretary of the Navy before one of them was
out of his bed in the moi rung, so as to aid in get-
ting permission to take the School to Fort. Adams,
thinking that Fort Adams at that time would af-
ford sufficient accommodation for the younggen-
I tletnen and their professors. There was no mob
there, and there was not any allegation of a mob;
but General Butler had taken possession of the
ground, and troops were concentrating there, and
they knew it was incompatible with the prosecu-
tion of study and the discipline of the Academy to
allow it to remain there while military forces oc-
cupied a portion.of the Academy grounds and the
roomsrthat the students had been occupying as
banacks, and hence they proposed to send it to
Port Adams. The students were put on board
the Constitution. I saw them go on board myself.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will read what those who
were on the spotsaid at the time.
Mr. GRIMES. I was there.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is by telegraph to
the associated press, dated Annapolis, April 24,
1861: *
To anticipate the ueasonable intentions of an organiza-
tion m the vicinity, winch had foimed a -plot to ^eize the
United States frigate Constitution, which lay moored at
the wharfot the Naval Academy, Captain Devereaux, with
his> company, was ordered to take possesion of tier, which
was promptly done, and she was towed out seveial miles
from the town. On Sunday morning, the 21st, the steamer
grounded, and the troop* were unable to effect a binding
tilt the morning of Monday. They were joined duiing the
intei vai by the seventh regiment. Some evil-disposed peo-
ple upon the shoie made preparations at this time to eiect
a battery to command the ship, but they were prevented
from completing their work."
Here is an account from the New York Times
of the arrival of the frigate Constitution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the use of read-
ing all that?
Mr. ANTHONY. I read itbecause gentlemen
say theie was no mob there that drove away the
Naval School.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have the statements
of members of the Senate who were there that
there was no such mob, and that ought to be suf-
ficientevcn against the intimations in newspapers.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the Senator reading
from ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I am reading from the New-
York Times, and I shall get through sooner if I
am not interrupted.
Mr. GRIMES. I was told that there was a
reporter in Philadelphia who telegiaphed in re-
gard to affairs occurring in Washington, he all the
time remaining in the city of Philadelphia. It
is very possible that some of these dispatches were
sent by him.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is not a dispatch, but
an editorial article in the New York Times, and
written from information obtained from the offi-
cers of the Constitution:
"The United States fiigate Constitution, from Annapo-
lis, anived ln>t night, in tow ot the screw steamei Consti-
tution, bringing one bundled And fifty-one midshipmen
from the Naval Academy, and twenty five seamen. Sailed
on Friday a. in. Has had strong southerly winds to the
bar. Alter the secession of Vngmia, the demonstrations
of the secessionist^ became so appai cut that it w.if. deemed
of the {neatest impoitaiice to get her out over the bar Her
crew of tweniy-five men and othcers had been at theirquar-
tersv with shotted gun-> night and day tot four dajs. Tioops
we>e drilling on the ■shore; between them were
constantly made ; large paities wete around the ship to find
out hei assailable point-. She had iburanehor.s and seven
chains out when the oidei came, at seven a. m., to get her
over the bar."
Mr. GEUMES. Does that showany mob
Mr. ANTHONY. It shows that the officers in
charge of the Academy, who certainly were not
men to be unnecessarily frightened, thought there
was so much danger from a mob that the vessel
should be taken away.
Mr. GRIMES, There were fears of a mob.
There is no doubt about that.
Mr. ANTHONY. That isa greater admission
than I expected to get from the Senator.
Mr. GRIMES. But the allegation of the Sen-
ator was that there was a mob. There was nota
mob. There were .not twenty-five men congre-
gated, so far as I was able to learn.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let me read a little more
of this article:
" The captain, pilot, a-id engineers nf the Maryland,
which had been seized by General Butler, were very aveiso
to do their duty, and it w.ei only b> [jutting them under a
guard with revolvers that tiiey would puiceed with tbo
vessel."
I will not on any further. I think that is
about us well proved us anything can be.
Mr. WILSON. There was ceitainly some-
thing of !i violent character at Annapolis at that
time. Who destroyed the railroad from Annap-
olis to the J unction ? W ho desti oyed the engines
in that town ? There were demonstrations of vio-
