1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1 move to extend the time for taking a recess until
five o'clock.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to take this oppor-
tunity of saying that I hope a quorum will be
here at the evening session. There will be im-
portant business on which we shall have to act.
The motion was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois^ I am in-
structed by the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on Senate
bill No. 339, to repeal a joint resolution to grant
additional rooms to the Agricultural Department,
and for other purposes, to submit a report, which
I will explain in a few words in order to save the
time of the House. The House struck out the
section appropriating $100,000 for the erection of
buildings for the Department of Agriculture, and
the Senate recede from their disagreement to that
amendment with the following amendment, in
which the House agrees. The Commissionerof
Agriculture is authorized to select suitable rooms
for the accommodation of his office and to make
the necessary improvements, and §3,500 is appro-
priated to pay the rent of the same for one year;
provided that such rooms shall not be rented for
any period longer than three years. This gets
rid of a very ugly question. It is a unanimous
report, and f move that it be adopted.
Air. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
that this; is a most unnecessary appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered;'and under the operation
thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by winch the report was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED* BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a bill (U. R. No. 438) to amend an
act entitled "An act. to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri
riyer to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
(government the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes," approved July 1,
18G2; when the Speaker signed the same.
PENSION LAW.
Mr.WHALEY. Mr. Speaker, I am instructed
by the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the general pen-
sion bill to inform the House that they have
b(en unable to agree. 1 move that the House ad-
hete. This is a "subject, I will say, of iho great-
est importance. There are now upon file foui to
five thousand applications in the Pension Office
which require legislation. I think it nectisary
that we should come to some conclusion upon
thin bill at this session of Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. If tho gentleman proposes
to adhere, that ends the matter. Heshould move
to insist and ask for another committee of con-
ference.
Mr. WHALEY. I make that morion, that
the TJouse insist and ask for further conference
between the two Houses.
The motion was ngieed to.
PUNISHMENT OP GUERRILLAS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to make a re-
port from the committee of conferenceon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on House bill
No. 511, to provide for the more speedy punish-
ment of gnenillas, and for other purposes.
Mr. Speaker, the lir&t amend ment of the Senate,
to which the commitu e of conference agi ecs, adds
the word " maiauders;" so that it will read,
"guerrilla-marauders." It is a verbal and not a
substantial amendment.
The tnird amendment of tlte Senate, in which
the committee of conference recommends a con-
currence, is in reference to soldiers dying in hos-
pitals. it is provided by that amendment that
soldiers dying in hospitals after their discharge,
and not being able to get home, shall be consid-
ered as dying in the service so far as bounties are
concerned.
We also amend the title to read, " For the more
speedy punishment of guerrilla-marauders, and
forother purposes." I demand the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, moved to lay the re-
port upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The repot t was adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be J,aid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SPECIAL INCOME TAX.
Mr. MORRILL. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to lepoi t a joint res-
olution imposing a special income duty.
Mr. ROSS. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. H is not.
Mr. ROSS. 1 object.
Mr. MORRILL. Let it be read.
The resolution provides that in addition to the
income duty already imposed by law there shall
be, levied, assessed, and collected on the 1st day
of October, 1864, a special income duty upon the
gains, profits, and income for the year ending the
31st day of December next preceding the time
therein named for levying, assessing, and collect-
ing such duty of all persons residing within the
United States, or of citizens of the United States
residing abroad, at the rate of live per cent, on all
sums exceeding $600, and that the same shall be
levied, assessed, estimated, and collected, except
as to the rate, according to the piovisions of ex-
isting laws for the collection ot an income duty
annually, where not inapplicable thereto; and the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to make
such rules and regulations as to time and mode,
or other matters, to enforce the collection of the
said special income duty provided for in the res-
olution as may be necessary; provided, that in
estimating the annual gains, profits, and income
for the foiegoing special income duty no deduc-
tions shall he made for dividends or interest le-
eeived fiom any association, corporation, or com-
pany, nor shall any deduction be made for any
salary or pay received.
Mr. ROSS objected, and the resolution was
not received.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. STEVENS. I leport a joint resolution
from the Committee of Ways and Means, winch
I send to the Clei k.
The resolution, which was read, appropriates
$100,000, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for constructing the
Washington aqueduct from a point between the
While ilouse and iccomng reservoir, to unite
with i he aqueduct at a point near the station-house
below said teservoir, without passing through
the said receiving reservoir, and to defray the
expenses incident to managing said Washington
aqueduct.
It also appropi iates $50,000 for the purpose ot
completing the cut-stone dam across the Potomac
river and constructing a telegraph line from the
fm  department in the city of Washington to said
station-house below the receiving reservoir.
Mr. DRIGGS. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. 11 is agencral appropriation
bill.
The SPEAKER. It is an appropriation bill,
but not a general appropriation bill. The Com-
mittee of Ways ai.d Means have the right to le-
poi t general appropi jation bills, but the rules lay
down what are such.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose this is for cariy-
mg on wli.it is .divady authoi.zed by law.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the 77th
rule.
The Clerk read, as follows:
'*77. It shall ;iNo Iv the duty ot the Committee of Ways
and 31c.ins. within UuiLy day-,aiici tlieu .ippomlmr nt, .it
cvoiyM* .nai ot Co;!"!!".- ooniini-iioii*! on ilf fic-f Mon-
dav of Di'ceuihei. to repoi t the e< nppiopri.uion b.ih
l'oi" icjii'-hnv, pvi cutiV'', niui .pi'1.!' :al e\petw-;; for moi-
liiV Civil . i"i osiMil.a and diplomatic exprnj-c^ ;
fwi ihe Aim v , l-n the Tv;.vj : l<n the e\penof Uie Indian
depaitincnt; tot the juv nH'MOl invalid and othei pensions ;
for tile >aippni f ni tin - Milium' Acmlcwy; lot tonnieanoni-;
foi the setvioo nfthe I'o-t Ofhoe Hep irhnotif, -«nd lor mail
transportation by ocean steamers; or, In failure thereof, the
reasons of such failure. And faid committee shall have
leave to report said bill (for reference only) at any time**'
Mr. STEVENS. I will state that this is an
item of the appropriations of the sundry civil
appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. But that bill has been re-
ported. .
Mr. STEVENS. Cannot I report a second
one?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There can
be no doubt about what the meaning of the rule
is. It e.xcludes everything of this kind.
Mr. STEVENS. I can only say that the sol-
diers are dying of thirst for want of this vecy
water.
The SPEAKER. The committee have the
right to report a general appropriation bill at any
time, but not a special one.
LAND TITLES IN TIIE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move to reconsider the vote
by which Senate bill No. 91, to grant titles in
favor of parties actually in possession of lands
situated in the District of Columbia, was referred
last evening to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, in order to move that it be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, The bill was
considered by the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate, and it more properly belongs to that com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. A change of reference can
only be made by unanimous consent, as the vote
by which it wns referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia was reconsidered and laid
on the table last evening.
No objection beingmade, the Committee for the
District of Columbia were discharged from the
further consideration of the bill, and the same was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
CORRECTION OF AN ERROR.
Mr. ALLEY. I wish to have a letter from the
Postmaster General read if there is no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is it
about ?
Mr. ALLEY. In relation to a clerical error.
The letter, which was read, inclosed the draft of
a law for the correction of a clerical error in the
post office bill of June 30,1364, and states that
this act, as originally drawn, contained substi-
tute provisions for the act of 1863, which are
repealed; that these substitute provisions were
stricken out by the committee and the provision
repealing the sections of the act of 1863 was in-
advertently left m the act of the 30th of June.
Mr. ALLEY. I now offer the bill to correct
the error. -
The bill was read. It repeals so much of the
act of June 30,1864, as repeals sectionsseventecn,
eighteen, thirty-five, thirty-nine, and forty-one
of the act of Mmch 3, 1863, to amend the laws
relating to the Post Office Department.
Mi .ALLEY. I will only remark that these sec-
tions were stricken out by mistake. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded,and the
main question ordeicd.
The bill received its several readings, and was
engrossed and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
BilK reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and a joint resolu-
tion of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (II. R. No. 460) for the relief of Sarah
Robinson, widow of Hon John L. Robinson, late
United States nidishal for the district of Indiana;
An a( t (II. It. No. 564) for the relief of Eliza
Cdbs Woodbridge; and
A joint resolution (H. R.No. 117) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to settle and pay the
claim of Anihony Sweeting, late pilot of the Uni-
ted States steamer Juniata.
JOHN HASTINGS.
Mr. HALE. I nwk the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table the
bill from the Senate for the relief o{ John Hast-
ings. 1 will say that it has paseed the Senate
three times.
