1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL
of the manufacture of whisky, very little is man-
ufactured af any time during the summer and
«.early fall months, because it is only done in eon-
- nection with the operation of feeding stock and
hogs, qnd this cannot be profitably done in the
summer or fall of the year when pasturage is so
cheap. The levying of one dollar a gallon on
what is manufactured after the passage of this
law to ihe 1st of October will yield you nothing
unless the manufacture of spirits is forced out of
its usual channel by the bounty paid between this
and the 1st of October next. The same reasoning
(would apply to the tax proposed to b.e levied be-
tween the 1st of October and the 1st of January.
At that time, no doubt, in the ordinary process a
good deal of whisky will be manufactured.
: There is no reason why a lower tax should be
-levied before the 1st of January than after the
1st of January except this: that the prospective
-tax in the future will probably force the manu-
facture of whisky between the 1st of October and
the 1st of January, So far as it does do so, it will
tend to do an injury. The Government of the
United States'is now in the maiket for nearly all
the surplus Agricultural products of the country
We now buy more than any other person, for the
use of the Army, for -food and forage, of corn,
wheat, oats, and all the articles which are used
in the manufacture of whisky. This forcing up
of the price.of agricultural products between the
1st of October and the 1st of January next will
only tend to compel the Government of the United
States to pay a higher priceforthearticles which
itis necessary for us to buy between those months.
The only view in which this tax can be defended
is that it will continue the manufacture of whisky
in those months; and I say that even in that
view it is a narrow-sighted policy to levy a small
tax in those months, because it will tend to raise
the price of corn, wheat, barley, and the other
products which necessarily enter into the con-
sumption and manufacture of whisky.
I therefore yield at once to the reasoning
which would induce us to put the highest rate of
duty that we propose to impose during the com-
ing year from this time, or from the 1st of July,
if you please; because after the passage of this
law, and after the increased tax shall be put upon
whisky, it is probable the manufacturer will stop
until the demand in the future shall have exhausted
the supply on hand and compel the manufacture
of spirits to be sold in the future. I think, there-
fore, it is important that we should fix a rate to
commence upon the 1st of July, or upon the pas-
sage of this bill j and that rate should be the highest
proposed by Congress to be put upon this article,
not only for one year, but for two or three years.
By any of these taxes the manufacture of whisky
during the next year, in my judgment, will be
stopped in a great measure. I have inquired
from those who are engaged in the business, and
they have generally informed me that the stock
on hand is amply sufficient, considering the high
tax that will have to be paid on that manufactured
in the future, to suspend the operations of the
distilleries for some months and perhaps for a
year; but upon that^ there is a difference of opin-
ion. My own opinion is that very little whisky
will be manufactured for one year if the tax is
now levied at $1 50 a gallon.
The question then occurs to us whether now,
when we need so much money, when our legis-
lation has added so much to the value of this ar-
ticle on hand, we can afford to forego taxation on
this article for at least a year to come. 1 go upon
the assumption that the stock on hand will be
sufficient to suspend the ordinary operation of
the manufacture of this article until that stock is
so reduced that the price will rise to about $1 75
or £2 o gallon, and then the manufacture of whisky
will be again resumed. 1 believe that process
will not occur within less than one year from this
time. Under these circumstances, it is a very
serious question whether we can afford to surren- j
der to the manufacturers or holders of whisky '
the enormous profits that will accrue from raising
the price from its original cost, fifteen or seven-
teen cents a gallon before the war, up to $1 75 a
gallon, which it must be before any can be man-
ufactured under the opeiation of your excise law.
It is said it is hard to levy a tax on an article j
on hand, because people buy and sell that article !
in the ordinary couise of business, and that by
eo doing you interfere with the^rdinary opera-
tions af trade." If the Senate in tins case put a
moderate tax on the article on hand they will not-
interfere with any legitimate or fair profit. We'
propose now an increase of the tax on the article-
to be manufactured from sixty cents a gallon up
to $1 50 a gallon. The price of'the article now
in the market is from §1 25 to$l 30. It has risen
in^mticipation of a tax of one dollar a gallon.
If we now levy a tax of thirty or fifty cehts a
gallon on spirits on hand, we shall do no injus-
tice whatever to any man who haft dealt it) the
articlc, or who now holds in 'hand* iPhey can
afford to pay a tax of at least fifty •tfdn'tS a gallon
on that in hand in addition to <tlie 6ty,enty'cen'(s
already paid, and yet they can retain- that article;
without competition from the manufacturers until'
it attains >a price at which they can-sell it without
loss. If you levy a duty of $1 50 a gallon upon
ail of the article manufactured in the future, none
will be manufactured until the price approaches
$1 75 a gallon. That proposition is so obvious
that it icquires no argument; because.,the manu-
facturer, as a matter of course, will not continue
the manufacture of whisky until the price'rfcacbes
that point when, in the market at the time, he
may sell it at a reasonable and fair profit. With
a duty, therefore, on future' manufacture of $1 50
no whisky will be manufactured by any sane
man until whisky rises in the present market
to a price appioaching from $1 75 to $2 a gallon.
The question now is whether, in levying sueh
taxes as we are now called upon to -levy on o'(ir
people, the Government of the United States, in
anticipation of the future rise, should not'levy a
tax on the article on hand, so that the holder of
whisky at present prices will not he a-loser in the
market. It seems to me we have the right to do
it and it is our duty to do it.
I do not concur m the idea so often mentioned
here, that we have no right to tax property be-
cause property is something that is acquired and
fixed, and we ought not to apply our duties to
property. That is not a correct principle. All
direct taxes ate taxes upon accumulated property.
Most our internal and indirect taxes are taxes
on future products, future manufactures, future
labor; but all direct ta'xesare taxes on property;
and yet we do not consider those taxes as unjust.
But it is said that you propose to levy a higher
r ite of taxation on this article of property than
you do upon other articles of-property. £o you
do, and if you did not confer upon that property
a corresponding benefit the tax would be unjust,
and I might, say unconstitutional; it would be un-
just and unequal. But hero by your act of legis-
lation you confer upon this identical property an
additional value; and that makes the distinction.
If you were to attempt to levy a direct tax on
whisky of so much a gallon as property and a tax
of so much upon land and were to make the tax
on whisky higher than your tax on land, it would
be unjust'unless there were corresponding pro-
visions in your bill which would tend to raise the
price of whisky m the market, so as to take away
the tax entirely from the value of the property.
But in this case you do by your legislation add
to the value of that property, and therefore you
do injustice to no one.
Mr. President, 1 do not propose to extend this
discussion any further. 11 is a simple proposition.
The Mouse of Representatives h ve adhered to
this tax somewhat tenaciously. I regret very
much that it was not adopted longago. If adopted
now it will add but thirty cents a gallon to the
whisky which has already paid thirty cents a
gallon, and it will add fifty cents to thatwhich is
m bond, and there is very much of it. It will not
injure any man to the amountof a dollar, because
the price now at $1 25 a gallon will at once ad-
vance, if this tax is levied, to an amount equal to
the amount of your tax; so that the persons who
hold the property can realize all the profits they
have acquired in the market, and thissection will
only give to the Government the future increased
value of the article.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think it is unnecessary
to add much to what has been said in the debate
on this question, for I presume every Senator has
his mind made up. Indeed, I understood that two
or three months ago every Senator had dccided
what'were his views upon the propriety ot a tax
like this upon an articlc that has already borne
the burden which the law has said it should hear,
and in the hands of persons who hold it on the
faffth-of tlie aetibH^oPGo^gt'e'^y'Twb^Wfvilis^^,
when the question'Was an;o'ri^iifarolnd,%1th§tf^i
the House-of Represent&tiyes" Minted up'o'n^ythe
Senate would ?not consent to ta^lftat Vhl$vhad
alreadyItfoi'ne a tax.;' The/pr|H6ip)fe,1^s-;re|<£^f#d
as sufficient to carry the Senate1 to that'p&int^T/He
reason is made much stix>n£er'{rio\v, for-'all tfie
dealers In the-Sountfy ha#e ^Nfed ftpo'Vnt thtttftMt
was the position ofth'e-SeMte/ '• They haVfc
&hd bdughuupon that uhdtotabding,">W#lWe
Said to the "cbuntry'that we would'rr&t e^Visefrt-io
■a tax-upon that -which had already borhd^*H&.
Having fhlth in that cte&uranee of the Seriate5,teefa
have bought up to the^reseftt hoiir^jponf the ^p-
position that there would be ho tax imposed -'upton
thai tin hand. "UntihWhhinafew d&ys pa3t^tiif£n
hatfe'Ufeen buying- fUTrdrrt '$1 25 to $130 agall^h,
as-I have observed in-thep'apers. If ydu impose
this additional tax, ^ou take from-them C-ha't, bene-
fit which they expected -to^Uerlyg from the:legie-
lation of Coftgrefes'afccording to'CheJpffacip}e*that
had been recogAtzed'by'lhe Seriate;"0 • fc: <
it seems to me 'the obje&ti'oos to trbfctfggi&Iafttafo
are much stronger, one hundred percent. stPong^r
now than they were when theSeftate'de&fi&d Qffofo
it two months ago. Theai^uYnerft O^tfhe-Seriatbr
frfom Ohio-is exclusively based tipbn 'the",p>fr|i<5-
sition that we shall, from the commencement!of
-this tax, impose such fi tax on future production
m <vi!l enable the present holder to sell at aft in-
creased price which* will remunerate him. The
argument of the Senator is tha't we shall, t-ax
whisky at $1:50 a 'gallon^ and in connection with
that he says that if we-do impose"such a tax,-we
need expect no revenue from 'prtt*luo£ion durMg
the coming year. * ' ■
I ask Senators if they are willing to adopt *a
policy that will strike down this interest 'entirely ?
The Senator h&s well said that we cannotcorrect
the morals of a people in a revenue bill; that it is
not the purpose of Congress in considering' sufeh
a bill to legislate with a view to us effect \q>ou
the morals of the community." I ask'him to con-
sider this question, while he wilt not attempt-to
tax whisky with'a view to its effftiet upoi! the
morals oftfrcr people,'will he attempt to legislate
with a view to strike down this large'ifrterefet of
the country? '• •• . - ' ' ''
I think that a tax of $1 50 a gallon will pros-
trate this interest. It is a very important one to
the section of the country with which 1 atft con-
nected, as I attempted'in a'very few wotds the
other day to explain to the Senate. Oar corn is
so weighty and so bulky that" it cannot find an
eastern market in that shape; but if reduced-into
'the form of whisky it may conveniently and prof-
itably find a market.- The' Senator ^il! not un-
dertake to say to the people of the North west'that
it is an immoral pursuit. The Senator-yields
that. He admits that it is a proper pursuit, one
that may legitimately ho pursued, and which the
Senate should tax only with a view to revenue;
but he admits in the course of his argument that
a duty of $1 50defeats revenue whileit prostrates
the interest. It defeats revenue because it pros-
trates the interest. I ask Senators then not to
adopt a policy that will strike down a very im-
portant interest of the Northwest. •
I sukJ the other day that I was not going to
insist any further against the tax of a dollar-a
gallon on the manufacture of whisky. It seemed
to be the view of the Senate that that should be
the rate. I think that is a very high tax. It is
five hundred per cent, above what was imposed
two years ago, and five or "six hundred per cent,
above what was the value of whisky two years
ago. I ask Senators if they have imposed a like
tax upon any other production of the country?
Are the productions of New England so taxed?
Are the productions of the middle States so
taxed? The tax now to be imposed is five hun-
dred per cent, upon what was the value of the
article at the commencement of the war. I ask
for this interest the same justice, the same fair
dealing, thut is extended to every other interest
of the country, that it sffall bear its fair propor-
tion of the burdens of this war in connection
with every other interest of the country; and in
making that request of the Senate, I ask that
which is but right and fair.
It may be said that we can cease to produce
whisky, but then we cease to obtain revenue; we
defeat the purpose of the bill," and at the same
time very materially impair the interests of the
