2548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
COrri-growing section of the country. I then will
' rely upon it that,the Senate will not impose a Utx
for the coming year of more than a dollar agallon.
The argument of the Senator from Ohio was
certainly very conclusive that there ought not to
gradations in the tax through the year. It
lias a tendency to stimulate the production of
whisky durjng these .fall months, w;hich ought
not tp be dope in view of the interest of the Gov-
ernment, aa he ftas well, suggested, in the pur-
chase of corn, which she needs in such largo
quantities, and also in view,of the interest of the
distiller Jhimself. It is his interest to commence
with the coming.crop, with the supply of corn,
with_;th« supply of stock, and to carry it on ac-
cording to the ordinary course of business with-
out any special stimulant at any portion of the
producing season. When he has supplied him-
self with his hogs and his cattle sufficient to use
up .the slops, (which is a very important'matter
in connection with the distilling business,) then
it is his interest to go on during that season with-
out any change of the tax, so as to supply his
stock uniformly (luring the whole season until
that stock may be disposed of in the market.
This is also, the interest of the Government, in
view of the fact that she has to buy corn, cattle,
and hogs to supply the Army.
This is, all, Mr. President, that I fee 1 it neces-
sary to say on this subject. It has been very
fully discussed,and I ask the Senate to stand by
its judgment expressed two months ago.
Mr. POMEltOY. I agree with many things
that the Senator from Ohio has said; but I would
very much prefer to have the question that arises
in the fifty-fourth section settled first. If we can
raise the tax upon this article on the 1st of July
Qr after the passage of the'act, as the Senator
from Ohio suggests, to what it is proposed to raige
it during the whole year, there would be some
g<?o,d reason why we should not sustain the action
of the committee in regard to this section; but I
am going to vote to sustain the action of the com-
mittee in regard to this section until the fif'ty-
fourtli section is settled, and then, if we can cor-
rect the legislation m that section, I shall move to
reconsider this. I think what tax we put on
whisky during the year should be put on it from
the 1st of July, or the passage of the act. That
is my idea; and then what we tax that on hand
will not be injurious to anybody.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, when this ques-
tion was before the Senate two or three months
ago, I voted steadily against taxing the stock on
hand. I felt bound to do so on principle. 1 shall
now, however, vote to retain this section as it
came from the House of Representatives; and 1
doit upon this ground: my belief is that the man-
ufuctuie of domestic spirits will bear u tax of
$1 50; I expect to see that tax imposed; and ex-
pecting that, 1 believe the stock on hand may be
taxed the amount provided in the section now
untlcrconsideration, withoutinjustiee to the hold-
ers, and that the Government can derive a very
considerable revenue from it, doing no injustice
to any one. I shall, therefore, vote to retainthis
section, and if afterwards it should turn out that
the tax upon the future manufacture is not in-
creased, 1 shall feel myself at perfect libei ty to re-
verso the vote whenever the opportunity occurs.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
whether we cannot have the other vote taken first.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not care which vote is
taken first.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The very reason
which induces the Senator from New York to
change his vote induces me to adhere to mine—
the belief that tins article will bear a tax of 50.
1 propose, instead of killing the goose that lays
the golden egg, to preserve her. 1 am satisfied—
wiih great knowledge of tin's business, having re-
sided m a State where a large amount of this arti-
cle is manufactured—that "taxing the liquor on
hand will destroy the distilleries and prevent the
manufacture of the article.
Mr. POWELL. I Jin somewhat amazed at
the declaration of the honorable Senator from New
York. He announced that he steadily voted
against taxing whisky on hand upou principle,
and then lie announced in the next sentence that he
would now vote in favorof taxing whisky on hand.
I had thought that principle, correct principle—
and there can be no principle except that which is
true—never changed. I have steadily voted against
taxing whisky on hand. I cast my vote as did
the Senator from New York, upon principle, and
upon principle I shall steadily continue to vote
against it.
I concur with the Senator from Kansas and the
Senator from Indiana in saying that I do not be-
lieve this tax should be imposed, and I do not be-
lieve that the whisky-distilling interest will shear
a tax of §1 50 agallon. I think thaMax is out-
rageously high and will be destructive of that in-
terest. I believe that the imposition of a tax upon
the stock on hand will also tend much-to destroy
that interest. The very greatly increased tax
which I am certain the Senate will lay on this
article of whisky will damage to a great extent
the distillers, and the only salvation they will
have is in the increased profit they will have on
the article on hand.
I put it to the Senate if it is quite honest to tax
an article twice. Is it not the duty of every Gov-
ernment, of every honest legislative department,
when they make their laws and proclaim to the,
citizens what they are in order that they may
shape their business accordingly, to stand firmly
and fairly by what they decreed should be the
law touciing a particular subject? You have
taxed and collected the tax upon a large portion
of the whisky that you propose to tax over again;
and the reason assigned by my friend from Ohio
is that you will not injure these persons in con-
sequence of imposing this double tax upon the
whisky. The Senator is certainly mistaken in
announcing that you will not injure tliose per-
sons who hold whisky to the amount of thirty
cents a gallon if that is the additional tax you im-
pose on them. Gentlemen seem to think that
whisky is something unpopular in the country,
and that there is a want of moral odor about it
which will allow the men engaged in that interest
to be robbed in this kind of way. Sir, you may
just aa well—and you could do it with as much
honesty and integrity on the part of the law-
making depaitrhent of this Government—lay a
double tax upon the income of each and every
citizen in tins land. The Senator fiom^Kansas
says it is "confiscation." It is, and that in the
most odious form. How would it look before
the world if we were to declare by law here that
each citizen who was taxed last year under your
law should now pay double the amount of in-
come tax that he then paid, and that every other
interest which was taxed then should pay now
double the amount of tax that was then imposed ?
Would it be dealing justly with the citizen? Cer-
tainly not. It would be grossly unjust.
Mr. RAMSEY. Allow mo to ask the Senator
a question. Has not whisky doubled m price by
our legislation ?
Mr. POWELL. 1 do not know whetherit has
or not; but if you have by your legislation in-
creased its value, that is no reason for departing
from the principle that every Senator must admit
to be sound; that is, when you fix a tax on the
citizen for any business of profit on any pursuit
and collect that tax, you should nut turn round
and relax him upon the very same thing. I would
ask tlie Senator if he thinks it would be light to
put on him another tax of ten dollars in addition
to that he paid last year per possibility as attorney-
at-law for his license? Would it bo proper to
make every physician in the country, every shop-
keeper in the country,and every person who was
taxed for carrying on his business, by way of
license pay the same amount over again merely
because he had some profit in his business and
was able to stand it? If that is to be our rule of
legislation wo depart from all correct piinciple,
and the citizen will not know what he is to pay.
It is proposed to put thirty cents additional tax
OI1 each gallon of whisky which has been here-
tofore taxed; and next year you may think that
the $1 50 a gallon which the Senator from Ohio
indicates that he wishes to impose is too low, and
you may imagine at the next meeting of Congress
that it would hear sixty cents more, and you would
add sixty cents to it, and so you might continue
to tax it until it should be sold and consumed.
Ill my judgment there is no equity or justice in
it. I think it is unfair dealing with the citizen.
I know that we must have heavy taxes in order
to raise revenue; but when we do tax an article,
and the party pays the tax, let us not interfere
with that article any more; but let us arrange
our taxes as to get revenue enough to meet the
exigencies of the Government without violating
principle.
If you adopt the principle of this section, how
will any man in this country know how to ai-
range his business' If you depart from just prin-
ciple in regard to the article of whisky, you may
with some reason depart from it in every other
instance. How with the manufacturer? Under
the existing law you chargc him, I believe, three
per cent, on his profits. Suppose you say that
you want money, and that the manufacturing in-
terest has been exceedingly profitable, and can
pay more; that they have declared their heavy
dividends, that their profits in consequence of the
war have been very excessive and great, and
therefore you will make the manufacturing inter-
est pay six per cent, in addition to that three per
cent., would that behonestor just orright? Cer-
tainly not.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator al-
low mc to make a suggestion?
Mr. POWELL. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] inquires if whisky has
not doubled in price the last yearitf> Has not the
distiller had to pay double price for corn and other
products out of which whisky is manufactured?
Does the Senator not know that to be afuct? After
the distiller has bought corn and other products
at double price and has distilled whisky, which
he has on hand, you propose to say to bun that
he shall pay thirty cents agallon upon the whisky
that he has manufactured out of the products that
he has,paid two prices for. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Minnesota that I have conversed with
several distillers from the neighborhood 1 came
from in Indiana, men whom 1 have known from
childhood, and they assure me that this tax will
compel them to give up business altogether.
Mr. POWELL. I am obliged to the Senatot
from Kansas for making the suggestion. I waa
just about to reach that point.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no doubt that since
the imposition of sixty cents a gallon tax on
whisky, corn, as well as all products of the coun-
try, has increased in value, but in no proportion
at all to the rise in the price of whisky.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator is mistaken
about that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I speak now of my
own neighborhood. We have one distillery in
my own neighborhood in Kansas. Corn was there
twenty-five cents a bushel,and now since this rise
it is seventy cents a bushel. 1 know that of my
own knowledge,
Mr. POWELL. I can say to the Senator that
corn now is $1 05 and $110 a bushel in many parts
of the valley of the Mississippi. To tax the same
article twice is wrong in principle. The Senator
from Minnesota asks if whisky has not greatly
risen in value. I admit that it lias; but I ask him
if almost everything else has not risen equally m
value. Has he an article of clothing upon his
person now that has not trebled or quadrupled m
value since the commencement of this civil war?
The linen that he wears has quadrupled in value.
The manufacturing interest has reaped the profits
from that rise. Why not duplicate your taxes
upon the manufaeturinggentlemen? It would bo
equally as just to do it as in the case of the
whisky makers. 1 he mercantile interests in many
parts of the country have been exceedingly pros-
perous. You may suppose that they are well able
tobeartaxes. Why not double their taxes? When
you have once exacted your tax, and men etiter
into business of atly kind on the faith of it, there
is no justice, no equity in afterwards conini" in
and levying an additional tax; and if this propo-
sition were not advocated by Senators whom I
know to be honorable gentlemen, I would say
that it was not quite honest. It you enter upon
such a system ot legislation you cut yourselves
loose from all principle. Under such a system
no manufacturer, 110 business man of any
can pursue any business with security, if you
adopt the principle that the tax you lay this i ear
may be duplicated before the end of the ye;u,'/< o
sensible business man will know what to do m
view of your legislation. Taxes should be hud
so as to make them bear as uniformly as possible
on the whole people, and laid in such a manner
as to allow the business community to know wb it
they have to meet and what they have to pay.
Then they can intelligently conduct their pursuits,
