8524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
, The hour of fire o'clock p. m. having arrived,
the House took a recess until eight o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at eight o'clock p. m.
SPECIAL INCOME TAX.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask leave now to Intro-
duce the joint resolution imposing a special in-
come tax, and I will state that if we can get this
joint resolution passed there will be no difficulty
in our adjourning to-night. I will also say that
it is the wish of the new Secretary of the Treas-
ury that a measure of this kind shall be passed.
I ask leave to report it from the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say, then, that if
there is not a quorum here to-night or on Mon-
day it will bo impossible for Congiess to adjourn,
because with less than a quorum we can only ad-
journ from day to day. 1 only desire to facilitate
the business of the House, and hgve such meas-
ures passed as arc necessary for the ordinary
business of the country.
LANDLORD AND TENANT LAW.
Mr. WILSON. I rise to a privileged question.
I desire to make a report from a committee of
conference.
The report was read, and is as follows:
The committee of conference on tin? di>n<,'teeiiig votes
of the two HmwfS on tin' lull ol the Si-nato untitled "An
act to o-gulate pioeeedtn!*- m cum's of iamlloul and tenant
tn ilio District oi Columbia," recommend to iheiriet-pective
Houses a-* follows: that the Senate ircedo from U-> di>a-
groement with the amendments ot the iiniw, and agree
to the same. L. M. MORRILL,
J. A. illJNDUICKS,
Managers onthe i>>ntvj the Semite*
EZRA WHEELER,
JAMES W. WILSON,
Managers on the jimtoJ the House.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I desire to know what
the amendments aie.
Tin- SPEAKER. The report recommends that
the Senate recede from us disagreement to the
amendment of the House, and the Senate has nl-
nady concuired m ihe repoit. The bill is there-
fore now passed, and no action by the House is
required upon the report.
PAY 01? IIOUSK EMPLOYES.
Mr. A. MYERS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to oiler the following resolu-
tion :
ftaolvnd, That book-folder* and Inboters In the folding
room wiiOM! salary oi per diem pay amounts to less than
#1,000 pei nautili! he paid at the latent .-§1,000 pei annum
dm inj? tin; time they aio employed, out ol the < ontinjjent
fund of lliv IIoum>.
'Mr. STILES. 1 move to include other per-
sons employed about the Capitol.
The SPICAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of the resolution?
Mr. SLOAN. 1 object.
DUTIES OF A C0MMTTTKI5.
Mr. COLE, of California. I ask (he unnni-
mon.: consul ol the House to offer the following
lesolufion:
Resolved. TliJit the fominiiiee on Military Affairs he ;ui-
thon/.ed io extend 1 Jtcii Invcstigalionf uiidei the ie-olnnon
oi Mnv ,'Ji) to all pei -on ; m the employmi nt ol the («oveoi-
menf, and that the committee he authorized to -at dining
tlio ii.ee.-s.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I object.
BUSINESS ON SPKAKEU'S TAfiLE. -
The House resumed tin- consideration of the
business on the Speaker's table.
WILLIAM II. JAMISSOtf,
The next business on the Spenkei 3a table was
Senate bill No. 329, for the relief of William H.
Jameson, a {my master in the United States Ai my.
Tin; bill was read a first and second time, it re-
quires Use proper accomitingofficeis of the Treas-
ury to credit, Major William H. Jameson, a pay-
master in iho United States Army, with §954 14
for money in his hands as paymaster m the Ai my,
lost on boaid the .steamer Ruth,destroyed by fire
on the 4'h of '\njrnsr, 1863.
Mr. W \Sli iJL'UNIi, of Illinois. That bill
ennnot p io wnhout amendment, 1 object to it.
The SPKA KliR, The bill is before !he House
in regular order
Mr. W ASH BURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN HASTINGS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 274, for the relief of John Hast-
ings, collector of the port of Pittsburg.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that there be a call
of the House. There docs not appear to be a
quorum present, and it is absolutely necessary
that there shall be one. The quicker we begin to
procure the attendance of a quorum the better.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called, and the following-named
members failed to answer to their names:
Mosmk. James C. Allm, William J. Allen, Andeison,
Augustus C. J'aldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Blow,
Biandegee, Diooinall, .fame- S. Brown, William G. 131own,
Chanlei, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Claike, Clay, (Jia-
vens, Donnelly, Dmnont, Finck, Fnink, Gooch, Guder,
Grinnell, Hall,*Hardin"JIairinsjton, Heirick, Uolman,llui-
huid, Philip Johnson, Julian, Kalbneiseh, Kas^on, Francis
W. Kclloajr. Orlando Kei|og<r, Kin«r,Knox, t-e Blond,Little-
johii, Maivin. MeAlli-tei. McDowell, McJndoe, McKin-
ney, NeUon, Peny, Pike,roineroy, Pi ice, lladl'ord, Rogers,
Jaiues 3. Rollins, Scott, Smith, Spaldnur, Starr, Stebbnis,
Strong , 'J'hayei, Van Valkenbui^b, VooiheO.-, Webster,
Whaley, Chiiton A. White, Joseph VV. White, Williams,
Jienjamui Wood, Fernando Wood, and Veaman.
One hundred and thirteen membeis having
answered, all further proceedings under the call
were, on motion of Mr. Flnton, dispensed with.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
their Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate had
agieed to the report of the committee of confer-
ence: on House bill No. 549, to further regulate
and piovide for the enrolling and calling out of
the national forces.
Also, that it had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on Senate bill No. 339,
to repeal a joint resolution assigning additional
rooms to the Agiiculturai Department, and for
other purposes.
CONSCRIPTION LAW.
Mr. GARFIKLD. I am directed by the com-
mnVeeo of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 549) to
further regulate and provide for the enrolling and
calling ont the national forces to report that the
committee, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommendations to their respective
Mouses. If omitlemen will turn to the printed
bill I will explain what the <ommittec of confer-
ence hss done.
The IJonso will recoil; et that we passed a bill
known as the Smithers hill. That went to the
Senate and was amended by a substitute, which
was the Senate bill sent over to us a few days be-
foie. The commiiice of conference agreed to lay
aside the Senate bill .dtogrtherand to take the bill
passed by tins body. Thar is the bill which is
punted and is now on the desks of members. -A
largo portion of the aroemlmenis, twenty-four m
number, aie merely verbal and do not affect at
all the geneial pioviytons of the bill. The first
amendment will be found in the eighth line of the
fiist sietionof the printed bill, and merely adds
the woids "ward of'\ city,"
The second amendment is in the ninth line, to
insri t after she wo! (I u district" the woids " or of
a county when not so subd ivided." This is also
added to make it conform to the other law.
The next amendment is in t he tenth and eleventh
lines, ro ksti ike our the woi ds " and substitute,"
which wme evidently put there by mistake, it
being manifestly nor ponded that the substitute
lor a (trailed man should enjoy the same bounty
as a volunteer. To that no one, I presume, will
object.
The next amendments found in the fourteenth
line of the section. The word ''two" is stricken
out and " one" inserted. The word " three" m
the fifteenth line is also stricken out and " two"
inserted; and in the seventeenth line (he word
"four" is stricken out and " three"«mseited.
These three amendments consist in this: the bill
as it pnssed the House provided for giving vol-
unteers $200 if for one year, ^300 if for two years,
and $400 if for three yeais, The committee of
conference recommend a bounty of $100 if for
one year, of $200 if for two years, and of $300 if
for three years.
The bill as it passed the House provided that
one half the bounty should be paid at the time of
being mustered in, one fourth at the expiration
of half the term, and the other fourth at the end
of the term of service. The committee amended
that so as to make one third of the bounty pay-
able at the time of mustering in, another third at
the middle *of the term of service, and the re-
mainder at the conclusion of the term of service,
so as to more equally distribute the burdens of
the Government.
The neXtamendment will be found in the twen-
ty-fourth line. The committee recommend strik-
ing" out the latter portion of the clausc after the
word "none," and inserting in place of it the
words "to his mother if she be a widow." It will
then provide that if a soldierdies the bounty is to
be paid to his wife if he have one; if he have no
wife then to his children, and if he have no chil-
dren then to his mother, if she be a widow. It
is not to be paid to the legal representatives unless
they are collateral relations. It was deemed best
that the bounty should go to his legal dependents,
and notto mere strangers should they happen to
be his legal heirs.
In the second section three amendments were
made; the first merely formal, insprfmg after the
word "ward" the words " of a city or town."
The second amendment of the second section
strikes out "sixty" and inserts "fifty" m its
place, so as to require the President to give fifty
days' notice before executing a draft instead of
sixty as the original bill provided.
In the fifth line of the same section we insert
after the woid" shalP'thc word " immediately,"
so as to provide that the President shall imme-
diately order a draft at the expiration of the fifty
days, unless the quota shall have been filled by
volunteering.
There is but one amendment to the third sec-
tion, and that is to add after the word " rebellion"
at the bottom of the 3d page of the printed bill
these words, "except the States of Arkansas,
Tennessee, and Louisiana." The House will no-
tice that this is different from the amendment we
passed yesterday. As we passed it then it was
piovided that the Governors of the loyal States
might recruit in certain States enumerated, in-
cluding all the States in rebellion except Tonnes-
sec. The committee also left out Arkansas and
Louisiana, for the following reasons: a repre-
sentative or gentleman from Arkansas was here
and informed us that they had already in that
State raised seven regiments which had been mus-
tered into the service; that they had two other
regiments ready to be mustered in, and that en-
listments were going on vigorously. And they
ask that we shall not allow the Governors of
northern States to come in and take their people
and put them into the regiments of other States.
It seemed reasonable and just, and the committee
have therefore omitted the State of Arkansas.
Adjutant General Thomas is doing very thoi ougli
and efficient work in Louisiana; General Ranks
bus also raised and thoroughly organized a large
number of colored ttoops; and it was deemed
best to leave the matter in their hands. So Lou-
isiana is also excepted. The others are left as
the House passed them.
There are noamendments to the fourth section.
in the fifth section there are two amendments.
The first is to strike out the word "knowingly"
in the ninth line. The House will see the reason
for it. If an oilicer of the United States shall en-
list and muster into the service of the United
States a minor under sixteen years of age,
whether knowingly on the pat t of the oilicer or
not, we ptovide that the minor shall be dis-
ehnrged.
After the word "discharged" there is added
"on the repayment of e'l bounties received." So
that such person discharged from the service
must, as the condition of thatdischarge, pay back
all of the bounties be has received.
After the word " officer" in the thirteenth line
we insert " who shall knowingly enlist any per-
son under sixteen years of age;" so that it will
read, " any officer who shall knowingly enlist
any person under sixteen years of age shall be
dismissed the service." Whether "knowingly or
not the person shall be discharged, but ifhe does
