1864.
THE CONGKESSI-ONAL GBOBS.
~—■ ; igj. 
and they cannot do it otherwise. Suppose you
put this thirty cents additional tax upon whisky
which has been heretofore taxed, I ask gentlemen
wlm f-ivor the proposition whether if they Were
manufacturers of whisky they would feel author-
ized to enter into any business arrangements in
view of another meeting of Congress that might
so far depart from principle as to impose another1
tax of thirty or perhaps sixty cents on the same
whisky?
1 know, sir, that some Senators tiiink the
Whisky interest will bear any amount of tax. I
am not one of those. I think one dollar a gallon
is the very outside point to which you ought to'
go, if you wish to raise the revenue from this in-
terest. Indeed, that is higher than I would go. I
believe you will get more revenue from a tax of
sixty cents a gallon than a tax of $1 50, or even
$1. This interest cannot stand that very great
-taxation, and it is not just or right that it should.
My friend from Ohio has said that in the latter
part of the summer and the early fait months
there will be no whisky made if the bill be passed
as now proposed; and he assigns as a reason for
that opinion that the latter summer and the early
fall, up to the 1st of October, is the time when
they do not want to feed stock. Now, sir, I have
had some little experience in this business of dis-
tilling; I have been^ all my life in the midst of it;
and I have observed it. I have also some little
experience in feeding stock; and allow me to tell
the Senator from Ohio that the stock that are fed,
the hogs particularly, are fed in the latter part of
the summer and in the early autumn. The hogs
that arc packed at Cincinnati are fed in the latter
part of the summer and the early autumn, and the
knives are put to their throats as soon as it is
cold enough to keep the pork. From the 1st of
August to the middle of October is the time when
they are fed, and then they are killed and taken
to market. What time is the pork-packing busi-
ness over in the Senator's great city of Cincin-
nati? It is over early in the winter. So it is in
Louisville; so it is in the great slaughtering places
in the valley of theMississippi. The hogs which
are fed after that are killed and carried to market
in small lots, and sold as fresh meat and sausages
in the large cities.
I heard some Senators the other day in speak-
ing on this subject say that if whisky was not
distilled the effect would be to leave the corn on
hand to be fed to stock and to be sold to the Gov-
ernment, and that would be a great advantage to
the Government, as it has to buy a large amount
of provisions now both for man and beast. Sen-
ators who entertain that idea are very much mis-
taken. The slops from the distilleries are worth
fully one half the price of the grain originally for
feeding hogs and cattle. Any practical distiller
will tell you that he relies upon two sources of
profit from the distillation of the grain, namely,
the price of the whisky and the feeding of the
stock; and without both he cannot get on. I ven-
ture to say that there is not a distiller m the val-
ley of the Mississippi who would run his distil-
lery a day unless he had these two sources of
profit. By stopping the distillation you will not
lessen the price of corn much, because in the re-
gion of country where the heaviest distilleries
are is the corn with which you would have to
feed your Army and Army horses; and the trans-
portation of the corn would cost a great deal and
bring it up probably to present prices.
In my judgment those who wish to tax this in-
terest so very heavily are mistaken. I do not
believe the result will be to secure the amount of
revenue that would be derived if the taxation was
lower. The proposition to tax the liquor on hand
after it has paid one tax, or has complied with
your law and is subject to pay the existing duty,
is in every respect wrong in principle. 1 do not
believe we should so tamper with any business
interest of the country. 1 will never agree here
to lay a tax upon any commodity that has been
once taxed, I care not what it be, whether it be
whisky or any product of mechanical skill. I
would just as soon think of making all profes-
sional men take out a license over again, and of
taxing every man's income over again, and of
taxing every manufacturing interest over again,
as to iax this whisky over again. It is such a
deparluie fiom piineipie that I cannot think of
voting for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Having expressed my
views when this question was up before in favor
of imposing a tax upon whisky on hand, and see-
ing no reason in principle why we should not do
so, and not knowing why we may not just as well
impose another tax on whisky as to tax'a horse
one year five dollars and the next year ten dol-
lars, or a tract of land one year five dollars*-and
the next year ten dollars, I shall adhere to my
former vote. The Senator from Kentucky says
that he will never impose an additional tax on an
article thathas been once taxed. • Ha does it every,
twelve months, but there is no principle' in its
running a year. You may as well tax land twice
over in a year, once every six months. I see no
principle in it. But; sir, I do not suppose that I
shall convince the Senatorfrom Kentucky or any-
body else in the Senate by what I have to say in
reference to it. It is a question that has been dis-
cussed, and probably every Senator has made up
his mind in regard to it. I rosesimply to asltfor
the yeas and nays on the motion to strike out this
section which proposes a moderate tax of only
fifty cents a gallon on the whisky on hand. I
hope that we shall not agree to the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Finance, but will retain
the section. '
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to say just one
word, in addition to what I have said, on a sub-
ject that there seems to be some misunderstand-
ing about by the Senate, and that is the cost to
the distiller of the production ofliquor. It seems to
be understood that the cost is but very trifling. At
the present time, and for a great many months
past, (and it will be so for a good many months
yet to come,) the cost has been very lar^e indeed.
At one time the price of corn in the Northwest
was very low,from fifteen to thirty cents a bushel;
but during this year, because of the large demand
for the Army, perhaps, but mainly because of the
loss of the last crop to a very considerale extent
by reason of an early frost, the price has gone
up to very nearly a dollar, from seventy cents up
to a dollar, so that the cost is very great. That
seems not to be understood.
Mr. FES8ENDEN. Senators have expressed
their determination to vote for this section one
hundred and seventy-eight as it stands. I sug-
gest to them that as it stands it is rather a queer
section. It reads:
That all spirit* nf domestic production and held for sale
on the l*t day of May, I8i)4, and upon which no tax shall
have been paid, shall be subject to a duly of filty cents per
gallon, and all such spintH on hand for sale upon which a
psior duty shall have heen paid sliaii be subject to a duty
of thirty cents per gallon.
It makes a difference between the whisky that
has paid the original" tax of twenty cents and that
upon which nothing has been paid. Some three
months ago we imposed an additional tax increas-
ing the rate to sixty cents. The result is that
upon all the liquor which has been manufactured,
and I suppose it is vpry large, since then, wo
should impose an additional tax of thirty cents.
That, then, would have to pay ninety cents, while
whisky manufactured before would pay only
fifty cents. If Senators are satisfied to let it stand
so, so be it. That is the efiect; an effect most
un just and wrong provided the principle of taxing
liquor on hand is to be adopted. I do not pro-
pose in any way to amend it myself, because my
own opinions have been expressed so decidedly
m reference to the thing, that it is wrong irfprin-
ciple, that I shall vote against it in amy shape in
which it may be put; but if gentlemen desire to
have it passed, if they have any expectation that
it can be sustained, it strikes me that it is their
duty to contrive some way to make the thing just
and equal. Now, it is decidedly wrong.
I will not attempt to recapitulate the arguments
which 1 advanced before in relation to the mat-
ter. Every Senator understands the question.
I will only say that I really wish—I wish as
strongly as any person can—-that there was some
way, consistent with what I believe to be a just
and honest principle, to get a revenue out of this
large amount of liquor. I believe with the Sen-
ator from Ohio that at some time, either now or
at a period in the future near at hand, there is to
be a lull for a time in this matter, and that for a
time we shall get comparatively no revenue from
the production of whisky. 1 believe that is a
necessity arising out of the case itself, a difficulty
which cannot be got over unless you attempt to
get over it by violating the principle of the bill,
and what I believe to be an honestand tnuJi prin-
ciple in legislation, and even then you will reach1
it only imperfectly. You ms.y gat a.£artatn>
amount) of money, and there is the end of Jt; aid
the question is whether, in getting that moneyf
you have notinsucha way violated principle ani
thrown all dependence upon> the regularity oif
proceedings,- upon the system of legislation which
Congress may adopt in the future, so1 entirely. into
confusion that no men in business can place any
sort of reliance upon your legislation. I am very
anxious to get money; to get jfflst as much, as we
can out of. this bill—A
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator will recollect
that it does not escape the tax. There is a very
heavy tax on it. If it be true that the. profit<apon
the whisky on hand is to be very large, just in
proportion as it is large is the income of the pro-
prietor increased, and you tax his income.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that; I should be
glad to get money out of it, land as much as we
can get, and I believe the country needs, all we
can get; but I am yet to learn that our necessities
are so great at this day or are likely to become
so great that we are compelled from that consid-
eration alone to shape our legislation merely ioc
the moment, and in violation of what I believe to
be a eorrect and a very important and vital prin-
ciple of legislation. Nothingisgainedbyitin the
long'run, out much is lost.; and when I legislate
for this country I' take it for granted that it is to
have a longrun, that what weJose.at present we
more than make up in the future by adhering to
a correct system. Therefore I have not changed
my opinion on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make one ob-
servation in reply to-the remarks of the Senator
from Maine. This -section probably will need
some amendment. It would not be very difficult
to provide for the case suggested by him, and it
ought to be transposed to another place in the
bill; but I have not offered any amendment be-
cause I thought it was betterfirst to takethesense
of the Senate on the motion to strikeout the sec-
tion. If the Senate shall refuse to strike out the
section it will then be open for amendment, and
we can amend it. It would only consume un-
necessary time to offer an amendment prior to
that. In case the Senate decline to strike out the
section I think there may-be some slight amend-
ments needed, and it ought to be transposed to
that part of the bill which relates to the duties on
spirits. •
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not intend to take
up any time in discussing this matter; but the
Senator from Maine seems to put this upon what
he regards as a violation of principle, and he says
it is rendering uncertain the business of the coun-
try if we impose a tax upon an article which is
on hand and on which no tax has heretofore been
laid at all, it seems, for this section applies in
part to whisky which has never paid a tax.
Does the Senator from Maine consider that it is
any violation of principle to assess a tax on an
article of property which an individual may hold
Bkat has never before been t$xed ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will observe
that it does not apply so particularly to that afs to
the other. How much of that there may be is
doubtful. It would be very small in quantity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But sofaras that goes—•—
Mr. FESSENDEN." The principle of the bill,
on which the whole system is founded from the
beginning, is to tax production solely, and. not.
property, except with reference to a few individ-
ual articles which are in their nature permanent,
and not consumable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that this bill
proposes-to tax my carriage, my silver-ware, and
a variety of articles which were.not before taxed.
The internal revenue law of 1862 put the first tax
on those articles, and if there is any principle in
it, that principle is violated justas much in taxing
the silver-ware which was not before taxed as in
taxing whisky which was not before taxed. It
is violated just as much in taxing carriages, and a
great variety of articles which are here taxed; and
the tax is not put on the production of them, but
the owner of the articles is taxed because he owns
them and has them. If there is afiy principle in
it, why may we not tax whisky which lias not
been taxed? The Senator tells us that the prin-
ciple that he objects to does not apply so much
to whisky upon wiiich no tax has been previ-
