1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■WW
sectional appeal or a sectional remark certainly
with regard to the representatives of the great
West on this floor; and why? For the simple
reason that I have found them always liberal and
manly in their action and disposed to be magnan-
imous and to do justice, and perhaps to do even
more than justice in their magnanimity. Though
on some occasions they would make side-way re-
marks in the heat of the moment, yet I have
found when they came to voting and to action
that they were mere words of heat and signified
nothing, and consequently I had nothing to lay
up against anybody.
The Senator thinks unquestionably that he may
make something out of this. Z do not know but
he may in Kentucky. I never have been the man
to say a word yet against Kentucky or her action
even at the present day. I know the position in
which her people have been placed, and I know
the very different circumstances underwhich she
stands at the present moment from those under
which New England stands, and i make all due
and proper allowance for her condition and situ-
ation, and consequently for those who represent
her. There never has been a day when I have
not honored the State of Kentucky m view of
what she has been. I lament her fatal attachment
toa deadly institution. I think tha£ attachment
has led, and is leading, a great portion of her peo-
ple into error; but, as I said before, I make all
due allowance for them. I have not gone so far
in any case as to make an appeal to create an ex-
citement especially among those who are laboring
for a common cause.
Sir, I cannot give that credit to the honorable
Senator from Kentucky. He claims to be labor-
ing for the same cause that wc are, and it is not
for me to dispute that it is so; but his whole lan-
guage and demeanor and argument here are cal-
culated to effect anything but union and to accom-
plish anything but the common object which we
all have at heart. Everybody knows that.
What is the object of this speech ? If he sim-
ply wants to repeal this law, why not confine
himself to that? Why make an attack upon the
section of country where the law operates? Why
appeal to Senators on this side of the Chamber
who act with us and endeavor to inflame them,
and even the Senators from the Pacific coast, on
a political matter? If the subject of the repeal
of the fishing bounties is'to be presented, argue
it, vote upon it, hut do not endeavor to inflame
the prejudices and passions of Senators, and see
if they cannot be excited one against the other,
and to see if one section cannot be excited against
the other.
Sir, so far as those fishing bounties are con-
cerned, although they affect my State in a very
considerable degree, rather than cieatc even the
slightest feeling between that section and the West
or any other considerable section of the country,
I would say sweep them out of existence; let them
not stand in the way of perfect unanimity of feel-
ing. I have no question that when Senators from
other sections have voted to retain them, it has
been not so much for other reasons as for that
simple thing; and that is, that in the present con-
dition of things in this country wc will do nothing
that has an angry or illiberal or unkind look. I
give them credit for entertaining precisely the
same sentiments in relation to the matter that 1
entertain myself. The whole subject is too trivial,
the merest trifle, the shadow of a shade, in con-
nection with the questions with which we are
engaged. Why, then, should these appeals be
made?
Witii regard to this Committee on Commerce
it is made up of seven gentlemen. There aie two
from New England, 1 think, on the committee,
two from the Democracy, and three from other
sections of the country. New England does not
control that committee. Those m favor of the
fishing bounties proper, or those who represent
the people who derive benefit from them, do not
control that committee. Numeiically, they are
an insignificant portion of the committee. They
are but two outoi seven. Why, then, should that
be imputed as a fault? Why did the Senator
make the remade he did with leference to the
i( hocus pocus" with which the thing was shuf-
fled fiom the Committee on Finance to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. To be suie, he disclaimed
anything offensive to the Committee on Finance;
but it all has the same tendency. I can tell him
the reason why it was-done. It was simply be-
cause the bill related to commerce more particu-
larly; it is a question that has always been con-
sidered as relating to commerce, and we therefore
chose to disburden ourselves of it and send it to
the committee that has had the consideration of
such subjects in charge. The Senator was in his
seat as well as other gentlemen when that motion
was made, and if there was any objection to be
made to that reference, and it was desired to send
it anywhere else, the objection could have been
statetl at that time.
Then the Senator says New England has as-
•sumed too much here, and he inquires how are
the committees made«up? The query that wa^
put by the Senator from California was a very
pregnant one. Let us look at the committees of
the Thirty-Sixth Congress and see how they were
composed. Of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions Mr. Mason was chairman; on Finance, Mr.
Pearce was chairman.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will permit
me, I have that list before me, and I desire him
while he calls them off to accompany the name of
each with the pertinent inquiry as to where they
are now. He will find that a great majority of
them are with the rebels.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is very well under-
stood. Of the Committee on Financc, Mr. Pearce
was chairman; on Commerce, Mr. Clay chair-
man; on Military Affairs, Mr. Johnson of Ar-
kansas chairman; on Naval Affairs, Mr. Mallory
chairman; on the Judiciary, Mr. Bayard chair-
man; on Post Offices and Post Roads, Mr. Gwin
—not representing a slave State, but everybody
knows that slavery never had a meaner worshiper
—was chairman.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow
me, Mr. Yulee was chairman of that committee
until he seceded.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is so; and when he
went off Mr. Gwin was made chairman. Of the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, Mr. Nich-
olson was chairman; on Public Lands, Mr. John-
son, of Arkansas, chairman; on Claims, Mr.
Bragg chairman; on Private Land Claims, Mr.
Polk'chairman; on the District of Columbia, Mr.
Johnson, of Tennessee, chairman. I believe I
have not found a northern man yet; every one of
them was from the South. On Indian Affairs,
Mr. Sebastian was chaiiman; on Patents and the
Patent Office, Mr. Bigler, from Pennsylvania,
chairman—there is the first northern man; on
Pensions, Mr. Thomson chairman; on Public
Buildings and Grounds, Mr. Bright chairman.
There are three northern Senators chairmen of
three comparatively unimportant committees. On
Territories, Mr. Green was chairman. Mr. Doug-
las had formerly been chairman of that commit-
tee, bUt he was put off and Mr. Green put in
his place. On Engrossed Bills, Mr. Lane was
chairman; to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate, Mr. Johnson, of Ten-
nessee, was chairman; on Printing, Mr. Fitch
was chairman; on Enrolled Bills, Mr. Saulsbury
was chairman; on the Library, Mr. Pearce was
chairman. There are four unimportant commit-
tees on which the great portion of the body com-
ing from the free States weie allowed to be chair-
men of committees. Well might the honorable
Senator from California inquire of the Senator
from Kentucky if he or any of his friends raised
his voice against the outrage. Why, sir, he and
his friends with him were as silent as the grave.
Now, how did all tins happen ? In mostcases
generally as it has happened during this Con-
gress; that is to say, the men who were appointed
chairmen of committees had been here for a great
many yeais, comparatively. It was the fashion
of the southern States to keep their Senators here
Congress after Congress, and term after term,
until they became the oldest members of the Sen-
ate, and it was always considered a matter of
courtesy to allow them to remain upon the com-
mittees on which they were first placed and to go
up regularly and take positions as chairmen ac-
cording to their age. That was unquestionably
the exposition of it in most cases.
Now, sir, how was U here in this case? Cei-
tainly the St.'imtois on theotherside of the Cham-
ber have nothing to complain of. On Foreign
Relations Mr. Sumner is chairman. Mr. Sum-
ner, I believe, was, save one, the oldest Senator
in the body, and that one, I think, is the Senator
now occupying the chair, {Mr; Foot;] and more
than all that, when the committee w&s foVrned he
was'the only man on the committee whohtf&betti
there before. Did any Senator wish to depose
him? Would any younger mas have takefi Ms
place? • Should he have given his place lb my
honorable friend from Wisconsin, {Mr-. DoO-
little,] because he is from the great State of
Wisconsin? Would not friend from Wis-
consin have scorned to take it?
I had been a member of the Senate for fergfht
years, and had the misfortune to be the only itiem-
-ber on the Committee on Finance who had been
there before. The Senate saw fit to make me
chairman of that committee, notwithstanding'I
had the misfortune to come from New England, I
am sorry-, I have regretted it since, that although
my honorable friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
who stands next to me came into the Senate at
the very timeT was made chairman, I did not
reflect tllat Maine is a small and unimportant State,
and yield my position to the representative of tfce
great State of Ohio. It was a mistake. I hope
the Senate will pardon it. He is much more emi-
nently fitted for the position than I am; but it-was
owing to the fact that I happened to be hfcte for
eight years and he not at all that I was placed in
that position.
The same remark maybe made of all the com-
mittees. It was the case with my honorable friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] who is chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, and
my honorable friend from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] who is chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs. The honorable Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trumbull] was made chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary because the-place be-
longed to him. My honorable friend, the other
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] took the posi-
tion of chairman of the Committeeon Territories.
Other Senators took other positions. But "it so
happened that most of the Senators from New
England had been here for many years, had served
on these very committees,and in most cases were
the only men in the Senate who had served upon
them at the time they were made the chairmen.
Although it would have been well and modest
in us to consider that we did not represent the
great States but came from small ones, and there-
fore decline to serve on the principle that chair-
men of the Senate committees were made not of
men but of States, yet it so happened that our
friends from the West who belong to the same
political party with us and had a hand in making
the committees did not take that view of the sub-
ject. They seemed to think that it was advisable
and proper to follow the recognized rule of the
Senate arid allow gentlemen who had been here
for years and who were the only ones who had
been on the committees to take the places that
belonged to them and not refuse them those po-
sitions simply because they happened to ^ome
from New England. They were not troubled
with that exquisite sense of right and wrong, of
propriety and impropriety, which seems to work
so hardly upon the mind of the honorabieSenator
from Kentucky.
All I have to say with reference to this subject
is, that although mistakes are sometimes made in
regard to it, Senators are aware that all these
tilings are within the control of the body. The
Senators from New England are a minority and .
a very small minority, comparatively, of the mem-
bers of the majority here. They are not respons-
ible for what is done in this regard. It is in the
power of the Senate to change Us committees at
any moment; and certainly if anybody feels him-
self aggrieved—I know nobody does on this side
uf the Chamber—no one is more ready than my-
self, and I trust than other gentlemen, to yield the
places which we occupy and which can be very
much better filled undoubtedly by others. But,
sir, I do not want to have it said that New Eng-
land has placed herself in these positions, for it
is not so in any way; nor dcJ I wish to have it
said that she assumes anything with regard to
this organization, for she has not the power to
assume it, in the first place, and, secondly, she has
not the disposition.
I have said thus much simply that this matter
may be set right. My honorable friend from
New Hampshire [Mr, Hale] stated the other
day that owt of deference to the great State of
New Yoik he offered the chairmanship of his
