THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.'
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 30, 18G4.
New Series No. 34*
the question I was about to propound to the gen-
tleman from Delaware. I know that the clause
of the sectrnn which we aie now considering—
fiorn the sixth line to the eleventh—svus drafted
for that very purpose, and I think it accomplishes
it very plainly.
Mr. SMITHERS. My amendment is offered
for the sake of certainty.
The question being on the amendment to the
amendment, tellers were ordered; and Messrs.
Smjthers, and Steele of New York, were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 29, noes 71.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred on Mr. Garfield's
amendment
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last two words. I do this
for the purpose of saying, in a sentence or two,
what I said on the last occasion when we had this
question before us. Theamcndments made to the
section of the substitute bill are so numerous that
they have cut out most of the differences between
it and the section in place of which we desire to
put it. But still there are two differences, and in
voting for the substitute section we will vote for
or against these two differences. I will state them
buetly.
The committee will notice, in the sixth section
of the substitute, these words: " before the time
fixed for his appearance at the draft rendezvous.5'
These words do not appear in the section of the
Senate bill which we are considering. The Sen-
ate bill provides that any person drafted into the
military service of the United States may furnish
an acceptable substitute; but it does not say when
he must furnish him. It does not limit him in
any way. The Committee on Military Alfans
thought it best he should be limited, and that he
should be required to furnish his substitute some
time before the day that he was summoned to ap-
pear at the draft rendezvous to do duty. That
line we put in to limit the time within which the
person drafted is to be permitted to furnish a sub-
stitute. We thought it best to do so, in order
that every man may know that if he furnishes a
substitute at ail lie must do it at or before the time
he is to appear at the diaft lendczvous fox duty.
Mr. PilvE. I suggest to the gentleman from
Ohio that those words may be added to the Senate
section.
Mr. GARFIELD. There is one other differ-
ence. We have changed the language in the Senate
bill in another respect. The Senate bill says that
the person furnishing a substitute shall be liable
on future calls.
Throughout that bill the words "calls" is used.
We thought that word too indefinite. In the
present Uw the woid "draft" is used. A man
shall be liable or shall not be liable, as the case
may be, on future "drafts." The inteipiutation
ffivpn by the Judge Advocate Genera!, the Provost
Marshal Geneial, and the Solicitor of the War
Department—and those interpretations have been
numerous, following each other almost at the rate
of one a week—have held the word "draft" to
mean something quitedilfeient from the meaning
which Congress attached to it.
It was found to be an unfortunate choice of a
woid. Some thought that tin; woid "draft" merely
applied to the drawing of that day, some thought
that it applied to all the drafts made under a cer-
tain call. The Senate used in this bill the word
"call" instead of the word "draff," providing
that persons shall or shall not be liable to any
future "call." It seemed to the Committee on
Military Affairs that the word "call"was equally
an unfortunate expression to make use of. It
may mean the President's call for a quota, or it
may mean the call of the provost marshal. We
have* thetefore, substituted for the word "call"
the word "quota," and in going over the bill we
have found it necessary to adapt it to these gen-
eral changes. I do not care particularly whether
the Senate section be changed or the House sec-
*"> 1
odt
tion adopted; but it seems to me that we would
save time by adopting the substitute. I withdraw
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SMITIIERS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word " appearance"
the words " for duty;" so that it shall read:
That any person drafted into the military service ofthe
United States nmy, before the time fixed for bisappeaiauce
for duty at the draft rendezvous, Sec.
Mr. GARFIELD. I acccpt that.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on M r.Garfield 'samend-
mciit, and, on a division, it was agreed to.
The sixth section was read, as follows:
Sfc. 6. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the commutation
money paid by persons dialled in any concessional distiict
shall be applied by the War Derailment foi the pioeuration
of substitutes, which &ubs>iitute* shall becieditedto that
district in filling its quotn. And it* the quota of «ueh dis-
trict shall not then be full a further diaft shall be made in
said district, accoiding to the provisions ot (his act and the
act to which thn is an amendment} and like pioceodmgs-
had until the quotaof sueh di^tnctshal! be filled. liutthis
section shall not be consti ued to afleet m any way the coin-
mutation money paid undei section nineteen or this act:
Provided, Thatcoloiod troops enlisted and musteied into
theseivice ot the United States in any State shall not be
ei edited upon the quota of any other Stale. And the bounty,
pay. or expense ot paid enlistment shall not be paid out ol
said commutation fund.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I move to strike out the
whole of that section. In regard to the first five
lines relating to the creditin^of the commutation
money, 1 send a communication fiom the Provost
Marshal General, which expresses the opinion of
the committee on that subject.
The Cleik read, as follows:
" Sir: f le^pectfully ask your attention to section six of
Senate lull 36, to amend the enrollment act.
'•The fast five lines ol the section will result m a double
eiedit oemjx given to eeitain di-lncts. We eiedit a district
with a man Jot evei} paid by per.-ous diatn-d in it, and
if, as required hy section eight ol the aet named above, we
al^o eiedit the ilisti iet with the man pioeured with tiie $300,
a double credit will be -riven, ft is tiue that this may be
avoided by not ciedilms the distiht will) men who pay
commutation money, but tin's w ould not agiee with the m-
teipietation^ivcn by the Government to the present law and
to the late piaetice, and would piobably punluce dissatis-
faction. In addition to thi-\ it will he < *eeedinp;Iy dillit ult,
and will add uic.uly to the labor of this office, to keep the
accounts with cacti di-mct neee-^.uy to cauy out the pio-
vi-qons ot the section rtfeued to.""
Mr. SCIIEPvCK. The objection of the Pro-
vost Marshal General to that portion of the section
is, that by cieditmg the $300 commutation money
paid and also the substitute obtained, the Gov-
ernment gives two credits while it gets only one
man.
Fiom the fifth to the ninth lines of the section,
the clause relating: to fuither drafts has been pro-
vided forel.sewhere by the House committee. We
propose to move to add it to the third section of
the substitute which we shall propose.
As to the remaining portion of the section, it
seems to me, as it (lid to the committee of the
House, to be entirely unnecessary. The poition
of the nineteenth section of the Senate bill to which
reference is made in the latter part of this sixth
section is that which relates to the exemption of
persons on account of conscientious scruples, and
provides that where diafted they "shall be as-
signed hy the Secretary of War to duty in the
hospitals, or to tiie care of freed moil, or shall pay
the sum of $-100 to such person as the Secretary
of War sliail designate to receive it, to be applied
to the benefit of sick and wounded soldiers; and
such drafted persons shall then be exempted fiom
draft during the time for which they shall have
been drafted."
They have, sir, without any such provision of
law, the right to such exemption upon paying their
commutation, whether it be >J300 as the House
committee propose, or $400as the Senate biil pro-
vides. That portion of the section which gives to
this class of persons, when drafted, the right to
be employed ill hospitals, &c., it seemed to the
committee to be pioper to retain, and they have
therefoie directed to have embodied in their sub-
stitute the first portion of the nineteenth section
down to and including the word "men" in the
ninth line. The remaining portion in relation to
paying the commutation we have deemed entirely
unnecessary , and we propose to strike it out.
Then again the clause of section six, "thatcol-
ot'ed troops enlisted and mustered into the service
of the United States in any State shall not be cred-
ited upon the quota of any other State," is en-
tirely unnecessary. Underthegeneralprovisions
of the bill every one drafted and mustered into
the United States-service from any State mustbc
credited not only to that State but to the district,
county, and even the township or ward of a city
in which he shall be obtained. I suppose that
but for some jealousy in regard to these colored
troops this provision would never have been in-
serted. There is, however, no distinction what-
ever made in this respect. The committee have,
therefore, considered this clause as entirely foreign
to the bill, and therefore propose that it shall be
stricken out. The iattei poition of the proviso
is precisely as the law now stands, and is there-
fore unnecessary. We propose, therefore, to
strike out the whole of the sixth section, and to
incorporate the single clause to which I have re-
ferred in the substitute, as we have done in the
second section.
Mr. ELIOT. Is it in order to move to amend
the original text of the section before the vote is
taken on striking it out?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to amend the sixth sec-
tion by striking out the first five lines, and insert-
ing in lieu of them the following:
That the commutation money paid by porsoni drafted in
any congie^sional distilct shall tie eicciited atul applied by
the War Department as mnv provided by law.
If the motion of the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs to stuke out the whole section
shall prevail this amendment, if adopted, will of
course go with it. The object of the amendment is
lo perfect the original section. If it be stricken out
no harm will be done, but if, on the contrary , the
House should prefer to retain the section as it is,
the amendment which I offer is necessary, in order
to make the section conform to the existing law.
If the Cleik will be kind enough to read the
amendment again I will call the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
to it.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. ELIOT. The objection to the present
form of the section is this, that in the judgment of
the Piovost Marshal General there wiilbea double
credit. That objection rests upon the construction
which lias heretofore been given to the law as it
now stands; that is to say.it has been construed
that when the commutation money has been paid
the credit shall be at once given to the person pay-
ing it. Now the law provides that the district
shall be credited, and the objection is made that if
these two credits be given there will be a double
credit for the same commutation. As the law now
stands, as soon as the money is paid it goes into
the Tieasury by virtue of a resolution passed
during this session of Congress. It goes directly
into tiie Treasury of the United States, and it is
impossible to give credit to any district. It is
impossible to apply the money in any particular
case. The amendment is that when commutation
money is paid it shall be credited as the law now
requires; that is to say, it will go into the Treasury,
and as the law is now, credit will be given to the
party paying the money.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 propose to strike out that
part of the sixth section. The gentleman pro-
poses to strike out that section and to insert that
the law shall stand as it now is. If we sti ike out
that part of the sixth section, the law will stand
as it now is; therefore the gentleman's amend-
ment is not necessary.
Mr. ELIOT. One word in reply to the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs. If
the section be stricken out, the consequence he
suggests will follow; but if the House shall re-
tain the section, then it is desirable that-my amend*
men*, shall be adopted. That is all. l evant to,
perfect the section in case it shall be retained.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman from Mas-
