530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
sachusetts wili withdraw his amendment, I will'
move to.strike out the first sentence of the sec-
tion.
Mr. ELIOT. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I modify my amendment
so as to strike out the following:
That the commutation money paid by persons drafted in
any congrossionai distiict shall be applied by the War De-
partment for the procuration of substitutes, which substi-
tutes shall be credited to that district in filling its quota.
Mr. Chairman, X propose to leave the law where
it is now. I think thatthe law is better left where
it is by saying nothing about it than by any legis-
lation cumulative of the lav/.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not believe in the con-
struction given by the Provost Marshal General,
who seems to me to he a bad lawyer. I do not
believe that this bill would require more than one
credit. I move to add to what is proposed to be
stricken out the words, " and shall be credited to
no other district." I move to perfect the words
proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I have a word
to say in refeience to those first five lines. I am as-
sured by the Provost Marshal General that it will
require an additional number of clerks, at least
fifty, to do the work of the Department should
the first five lines be retained. I hope therefore
that the whole section will be stricken out. I
can see no benefit to result from it. The business
of the Department will be increased to such an
extent that fifty extra clerks will be required, and
perhaps one hundred.
Mr. Stevens's amendment to the amendment
was adopted.
The question tecurred on Mr. Schenck's
amendment as amended.
The committee divided*, and there were—ayes
44, noes 56.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Fauns-
worth and Clay were appointed.
The amendment was i ejected; the tollers hav-
ing repoj ted—ayes 50, noes GO.
Mr. ELIOT. I undci stand that the amend-
ment which proposed to strike out tin; fust five
lines of section six is lost. 1 move now to amend
by striking out tlw «e lines, and inserting m lieu
thereof the following:
That the commutation money paid hv persons drafted in
any congiesMonal district shall he eiedited and applied by
the War Department as now piovided by law.
Mr. STEVENS. That is precisely as the law
Jiow stands. The law is just as the amendment
would make it.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 do not understand it so at all.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by adding
at the end of .section six the following:
All male able-bodied poisons of African di>cent, resi-
dent in the United Stales, whether citizens or not, between
the ages of eighteen and lorty-tive year*, shall bu enrolled
accoidmgto tlie provisions of the net to which this is a
mpplement, and foim a part of the national ioices of the
United Stalest.
The practice of the President and the officers
of the different Departments now amounts to what
this amendment provides. They do take all able-
bodied colored men, whether under any particu-
lar law or not I am not able to say. I wish to
legalize what has been done, and enable them to
enrol! all able-bodied persons in the United States,
whether they be black or while, in order that
they inay foim a part of the national forces and
be subject to draft with the others.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I would inquire of the
gehtieman from Pennsylvania whether his amend-
ment places colored soldiers upon an equal foot-
ing in every respect with white soldiers?
Mr. STEVENS. It places him, as to liability
to be drafted, upon the same footing with white
persons.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I would like to inquire of !
my friend from Pennsylvania, whoso amendment \
1ms just been adopted, whether lie looks upon his j
amendment as having the scope and effect of en- '
rolling in all the loyal States of the Union all the
slaves, and of having them drafted without com-
pensating their owners when they ahull be taken
from them ?
Mr. STEVENS. I will answer the gentleman
 f jt is in order
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate upon
that matter is in order.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to amend the sixth
section by adding thereto the following proviso:
Provitlcd, That in ascertaining tlio quota of troops here-
after to he raised by conscription a credit shall be given to
the States and counties for their citizens who shall have
enlisted in the military organizations of other States, the
same to be ascertained by the Secretary of War.
In reference to this amendment, I merely wish
to say that at the commencement of the rebellion
a number of counties in the western States, and*
several counties in western Pennsylvania, sent a
large number of volunteer troo ps into Western Vir-
ginia, and for whom no credit has been given to
those various counties. The object of the amend-
ment is to secure to those States and counties the
credit to which they are entitled. The object of
the proposition is manifestly correct.
Mr. GARFIELD. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs had that matter under consideration,
and they felt that there was force in the reasons
urged by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. There
is not a State from which a large number of per-
sons have not gone and enlisted in the military
organizations of neighboring States. Especially
has this been the case in Pennsylvania and Ohio,
and other States which lie upon the borders of
Western Virginia and Kentucky.
But it has been found that it will be difficult,
and indeed quite impossible, to adjust theaccount
of the States if we attempt to carry out this prin-
ciple. In the fust place, we shall have to prove
that the parties have not changed their residences.
We should have questions of difference between
contiguous States. Upon a careful consideration
of that matter we found that more harm would
be done to the Government by attempting to
change this matter than by allowing it to remain
as it is.
Mr. DAWSON. The question is so important
that I trust the committee will not reject it upon
any slight objection, such as is uiged by the gen-
tleman fiom Ohio. lVIy amendmentprovides that
tin- Secretary of War shall ascertain and determ-
ine tlio question. Now, can there he any such
difficulty as that suggested by the gentleman
from Ohio which shall outweigh the injustice
which is now being perpetrated? The counties
of Pennsylvania were patriotic and prompt, and
sent large numbers of men from Greene and Fay-
ette counties to fill up tlu; ranks in Western Vir-
ginia to resist invasion. Those eountios have re-
ceived no creditfor such hoops, and the different
drafts which have been made since thut time have
drawn out a large number of the able-bodied men
of those counties; and if this bill as it now stands
becomes a law, I doubt whether they will be able
to furnish any considerable number of troops un-
less they are credited for those they have already
furnished. 1 trust the committee, therefore, will
adopt the amendment.
Mr, SLOAN. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly.
Mr. SLOAN. I would ask the gentleman if
these men have not received local bounties in the
places where they enlisted; and would it be just
to the localities where Ihey have enlisted and re-
ceived bounties to deprive them of the credit of
these men ?
Mr. DAWSON. I understand that in no in-
stance have they received local bounties other than
contributions from individuals, ami in addition to
that I may say that the people of those districts
have generously contributed to support the fam-
ilies of these absent soldiers.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia. I move to
strike out the last word of the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there not an amend-
ment to the amendment already pending?
The CHAIRMAN. There is, and no further
amendment and no further debate is m order.
Mr. DAWSON called for telleis on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Telleis weie ordeied; and Messrs. Dawson and
Be a max were appointed.
The commitu e divided; and the telleis reported
—ayes 53, noes GO.
So the amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Schenck's mo-
tion to strike out the entire section as amended;
and being put, it was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
seventh section, which is as follows:
Sec. 7. Jlndbe it fuithcr enacted, That the fourteenth
section of the act lieieby amended shall be amended so as
to read ab follow*: That all (halted persons shall.on arriving
at the rendezvous, he eaicfully inspected by the surgeon of
the board, who shall truly report to the board the physical
condition of each one; and all persons drafted and claim-
ing exemption from military duty under the second section
of said act shall present such claims to the board of enroll-
ment, winch board shall be governed in making their de-
cision by the mles prescribed by the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral, under scction six of said net.
I care very little whether the section is stricken
out or not, but I will state that it is a merereenact-
ment,almostin precise terms, with a slightaltera-
tion which is rather for the worse, of the fourteenth
section of the original conscription act. I call the
attention of gentlemen to the fourteenth section of
the act now m force, which provides that all draft-
ed persons shall, on arriving at the rendezvous,
be carefully inspected by the surgeon of the board,
who shall truly report to the board the physical
condition of each one; and that all persons drafted
and claiming exemption from military duty on
account of disability or any other cause shall pre-
sent their claims to be exempted to the board,
whose decision shall be final. The Senate bill
provides, as a substitute for that section, a simple
provision that this thing shall be done under such
rules as may be presciibed by the Provost Mar-
shal General. That is now the practice; that is
the present understanding of the law. This adds
nothing, therefore, to the existing law upon the
subjeot. This section of the Senate bill is a mere
rciinactmcnt, almost in terms, of the existing law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I offer the follow-
ing to come in as a proviso at the end of the eighth
section:
Provided^ That when any person feubjcctto military duty
hn.s been eniolled in any of the States of the Union, and
after sneh enrollment removes or intends to temove fiom the
district where thus enrolled into another district, and desires
to have his enrollment changed be fc-hull pioeuie from the
piovo;-t marshal ot the district where enrolled a certificate
of such enrollment, icmovnl, oi intention to remove, and
file the same with the enrollment board ot the district Into
u hieh he has icmoved or intends to lemove, and upon piov-
nig to liie satisfaction of sneh boaid that ho lias actually
removed into s-uoh di^tuet, with the bona fide intention of
making the same Ins peunanent residence, h.tid boaid may
place his name upon the enrollment of said dis-triet, and
give lnm a eeitiflcate of .such fact, and upon filing the j-ame
with the em oil men t boaid ol the distiict wheie tiiM enrolled
his name shall be stncken fiom the enroling ntof Midi dis-
tiict, and thereafter lie shall be liable todiaft in the distiict
to which he may have icmoved: %/lnd provided further>
Th.it sneh change shall not be made alter a call and pend-
ing a dratt.
Mr. Chairman, I offer that as a proviso to the
scction. I find on examining this enrollment bill
that the enrollment is to be continuous; that it is
to continue for a series of years, with such alter-
ations as may be made in the enrollment by the
respective enrollment boards.
Hut I find no provision whatever made in the
bill for the removal fiom one district into an-
other of a person liable to draft. As the bill now
stands, the peison enrolled must, if drafted, an-
swer that draft in th<>district where he is enrolled,
although at the time of the di.ift ho may reside a
thousand miles from the district. I think that
some provision should be made for these remov-
als, especially in the western States, where per-
sons are continually removing from one district
to another, from one county to another, from one
State to another, and I offer this amendment for
the purpose of meeting cases of that kind where
the removals are bonaJide.
Mr. GARFIELD. Some of the members of
the Miiitaiy Committee had designed to picpare
such an amendment. 1 have no objection to this
one, inasmuch as it seems to meet the case.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last line. I would like
to know, Mr. Chairman, what would preventany
man residing in a district which had not furnished
its quota or any part of it from removing to a dis-
trict, which had furnished or nearly furnished us
quota, thus evading the greater danger of being
diafted in the district where ho resided. These
districts are divided only by a line, and a person
liable to be drafted in one district will have only
to remove across the line into another district
where there is to be no draft. While I think that
something ought to be done to provide for bona
fide removal it does seem to me that this amend-
ment, unless it be better guarded than it now is,
will only produce mischief.
