1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
Mr. GARFIELD. If the amendment is liable
to that objection it is certainly a grave one. I
listened carefully as the amendment was read, but S[
it did not seem to me that it was liable to that
objection.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I think the amend-
ment is not liable to tluit objection. The amend-
ment applies only to bona fide removals. It pro-
Tides also that before a person's name shall be
stricken from the enrollment lists he shall prove
to the satisfaction of the enrollment board that his
removal is in good faith.
Mr. SCOPiELD. The most numerous class
on which the draft will fall consists of unmarried
raen, who, having no local attachments or incum-
brances, can pass from one district to another.
Gentlemen who represent the State of Pennsyl-
vania know very well that it is customary wjth
young men there to go from one township to an-
other ten days before an election for the purpose
of voting under our constitution and laws. There
is nothing in this amendment to prevent such
young; men going for a period of ten days, or
twenty days, or for a month, or even for a yeai,
and taking up their residence in a district whose
quota is very nearly full, for the purpose of avoid-
ing the greater risk of being drafted in the dis-
tuct where they lived. If this risk could induce,
as it did, many young men to go to Canada some
years ago, how much stionger will be the tempta-
tion for them to remove from one county to an-
other, just across the line, or from one State to
another, to avoid liability to thedraftin the county
or State where they lived ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, this is not
a new idea. It has been discussed in the Com-
mittee oil Military Affairs. It has been consid-
ered there; and the attempt at any legislation on
that subject was only abandoned because of a sup-
posed inconvenience that would arise in the effort
to execute such a provision of law. It was so
consideied by the executive officers engaged in
applying the law. That seemed to make such
an impression on the minds of the committee, that
although we considered a proposition ofihat sort,
it was determined not to propose it in the House
substitute any more than it is incorporated m the
Senate bill. The gentleman fiom Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] has suggested some of the diffi-
culties that will arise. If an amendment of this
kind is to pievail, I hope it will be drawn with
very great care, to prevent such almost inevitable
difficulties, inconveniences, and wrongs. It ought,
at least, to be provided that if a removal take
place, it shall be prior to the occurrence of the
draft in the district to which the person removes,
or after its occurrence in the district from which
lie removes; otherwise you will find poisons who
aie enrolled at one place waiting until the draft
has taken place at another, and then removing
there.
Cut it seems to mo that it is only necessary to
state these difficulties to show that, although there
seems to be an equity in this, yet in its practical
application it will be surrounded with a good deal |
of difficulty, and especially if the amendment is
not prepared with a little more precision than I
think it has now been in guarding against these
difficulties.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I am willing that
my amendment sliall be so modified as to piovide
that such removals shall not take place pending
a draft. In that way I think the objection of the
Gentleman from Ohio, the chaiiman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, will be obviated.
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York. I suggest to
the gentleman fiom Iowa that he make his mod-
ification read, " after a call and pending a diaft."
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I will accept the
suggestion of the gentleman, and make my mod-
ification conform to it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I oppose the amend-
ment oilered by tin1 gentleman h'om Iqw*u I hope
this amendment and the one to which it is an
amendment will not he adopted. 1 believe that
the difficulties in the way of the execution of an
amendment of that land are far greater and will
embarrass the operation of the law nuioh moro ^
than they will he embarrassed in the execution ot ;
the law as it now stands.
Now, sir, in the State of Illinois there will he !
no di.ift, I mention this as an illustration. Our i
quota is already full under the last call for five \
hundred thousand men. Now, under tins amend- i
ment, with men living in the adjacent States who
do not like to go into the service, how easy will
it be, especially such young men,and men with-
out incumbrances, as the gentleman has alluded
to, for these men to rush over into the State of
Illinois and avoid the draft.
In Iowa, too, the gentleman's own State, there
will probably be no draft. Men liable to draft in
other States will remove into that State for the pur-
pose of evading the draft; and gentlemen know
how easy it is for such men to make it appear
that their change of residence has been a real and
bona fide change. Men who have, as has already
been stated, moved over into Canada for the pur-
pose of evading the draft, will all the more readily
evade it when they can do it by removing from
one district to another, or from one State to an-
other. They will go over for ten days or two
weeks, long enough to accomplish their purpose,
and then return.
Another objection to this amendment is that it
will result in enabling these men removing from
one State to another to escape any enrollment or
draft at all, oven, if the draft has not yet taken
place in the State to which they remove, or in the
State from which they remove.
A man, for instance, removes fiom New York to
Pennsylvania,and when the Pennsylvania enroll-
ing officer comes round, he says to him, 451 am
not a resident of Pennsylvania. I have only re-
cently come over here, and am going shortly to
return," and his name is therefore omitted from
the enrollment. But in the State of New Yoik
from which he has removed, the enrolling officers,
knowing that he has removed to Pennsylvania,
have dropped his name from the enrollment. He
will be left out altogether under this amendment
unless you make it the duty of the provost mar-
shal of (he district from which he comes to find
out where he has gone, and notify the provost
marshal of the district fo which he has removed
that he has been omitted, so that h is name may be
included in the enrollment in the State to which
he has removed.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agieed to.
Mr. M< >RR IS, of New Yoik. I submit the fol-
lowing amendment:
Pap' •). section oii'hr. at the end of Inn' eleven nweit.
And Mini boauH of emolhnenf i-hal! have autlionlj to m-
qune niio any e.iM- ol alleged hand in enlMnieti!-, with
pouet !<> t-riid loi |ici-on mid jtctpeiand authoriiy to >n. -
petid the opi'ialion ofan\ iectuitii'iioflicei orairent loawaif
(lie action m oidei o! <upet mm ant hoi itv upmi the repot r of
said bo,ml. And ilic piovo-i niat.-h.iN, hi.aoN <>i einoll-
ment, ot any nirnibei rhct col', n< 1>\ an llioi ity <>( tin- act,
shall liave powei to adnniiMei oatiis and atViunaiioiH.
The object 1 ha\o in view in this amendment,
by the fitst clause of H , is !o ooi i ect an abuse that
is prevalent,at any latoin my locality. Rectuit-
mg officers, m oider to iucuase the number of
their recnuts, have been in the habit of inducing
youths umiei eighteen yeai.s of age to enlist, hav- j
ing complied An mally with the provisions of the j
law, without the consent of i heir pai ents oi tl uard- ;
inns. The wnt of habeas coi/ius being abolished, |
or suspended, manv youths have been diawnin, .
and thogc int'-iestcd have no redress. They can j
have no hearing in couit. !
it is proposed that the boards of enrollment j
shall have jurisdiction of such cases of/raud, so j
that they may inquire, and if they find any cases j
of that kind, .suspend the operation of the enlist- ,
ing officer until the case can be heard. 1 have j
known cases of tins cluuacter. The enlisting
officei would induce intoxication fiist, and then ,
enlistment while m that condition and without the ,
parties 'having any fiee voliijon—an abus>«* which
should boguanled auainst, although we may need :
soldiers to march forward in a good cause which ,
we are all in favor of. It seems to me that abuses ■
of this character should be prevented by provis- ,
ions in tins act. j
The fuifher clause clothes the members of the
board of enrollment with power to administer!
oaths, which [ believe Lhe substitute piovides tor, '
and I iheiefore want it to be provided in the Sen- j
ate bill. I want to have ingrafted upon the law j
a provision to'enable them to administer oaths. .
Hoth, sir, are eminently proper, and will i elieve
m many instances where hardship and injustice ,
are done to minors undei eiuhmen yeais ol a^e. i
Mr. GANSON. If the amendment of my col-
league peimits, where fraud has been practiced
upon the board of enrollment, a leview of the ac-
tion in such cases, I suggest that he also embrace
a provision for a review of the action where fraud
is alleged to have been committed against a drafted
person. *
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I will state that
the amendment is broad enough to coverall cases
of alleged fraud. Wherever fraud is charged they
may inquire and suspend action.
Mr. GANSON. I only suggest the propriety
of giving the drafted person, where fraud has been
practiced upon him, the right to review the action
of the board upon proof.
Mr, MORRIS, of New York. My object is to
insert a provision in reference to frauds practiced
by enlisfingofficers so that they may be corrected.
Mr. DEMING. Mr. Chairman, the committee
had the whole matter under consideration. The
great objection to the amendment is that it will
establish in every congressional district petty Uni-
ted States courts, with the machinery of marshals,
Sec. In regard to the particular amendment which
the gentleman suggests, it will be better to provide
in a separate bill for it rather than incorporate it
into this general conscription bill. The propo-
sition that these boards shall have power to in-
quire into all frauds in regard to enlistments you
will see at once will open the widest scope for
jnquiry. it will involve the necessity of sending
for peisons and papers, and the summoning of
witnesses. It will also involve the necessity of
providing a table of fees to be paid to the enroll-
ing officers and the witnesses who are to attend
these petty United States coui ts. The Committee
on Military Affairs objected to establishing these
couits of inquiiy in every congiessional district,
and they unanimously voted against adopting any
scheme like that proposed by the amendment of
the gentleman fiom New York.
Mr. SMITHERS. Is the amendment germane
to the section ?
The CHAIRMAN. The point of oulercomes
too late.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move to strike out the
last woid of the amendment. These courts exist
to-dav in every congi essional district m the Union,
yet there seems to be no redress ngainstenrolling
officers (liairgmg childien into the Army of the
United States. It is impossible to get relief. I
know of a lad fifteen years old who was dragged
fiom his home and enlisted in the service, anil no
redress could lie obtained by Ins father, who re-
mained in Washington forwteks. Some provis-
ion should be made for these cases.
Mr. GANSON. Let me suggest to the gentle-
man that it can be done by lestoiing the writ of
habeas corpus.
Mr. UOTCIIKISS. It can be done in a better
way. Let us adopt a provision of law applying
to these cases of infants—a piovision that need
not be abused—that these boards of enrollmentin
these difleientdistticts shall be competent to take
charge of this matter.
Mi. MORRIS, of Now York. In reply to the
remarks made by one gentleman I will say there
will be noextia fees paid to the members of these
enrollment boards.* They are paid salaries, and
no extra expenses will accrue from the adoption
of this amendment.
Mr. HOTCliKlSS. The question of fees will
have no weight whatever with me. I am con-
trolled by the question of right and by the out-
rages which are now being perpetrated. The greed
of those enlisting oflicers'to fill up theircompanies
is doing the moM serious wrong. -My object was
to call the attention of the committee to this mat-
ter, and if the amendment of the gentleman from
New Yotk will --me (he evil I shall be satisfied.
Mr. KERNAN. I hope this amendment will
not be adopted. The grievance leterred to is a
very sei ions one, and there ts no oppoi tunity upon
the pait of a parent whose child has been stolen
away, perhaps while m a state of intoxication,
to ott any ivdiess before the law, to see whether
the^child shall be held or not. But, howevergreat
the grievance is, I am opposed to giving the pow-
i cis of a court to these boards. Let eveiy person
look to his own district mid see how these boards
j are constituted. They are usually puieiy par-
! tisan, as we all know, pioeieding and lulingin
i many districts only in reference to how men
; shall vote. I suggest that the remedy pioposed
i by my colleague is a practical one. fn the States
j which are loyal; where there is no insurrection;
j where there are able judges in every neighbor-
