1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded a
division.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If in order, I move that
the gentleman from Illinois have leave of absence
until twelve o'clock next Monday.
Mr. WAtHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Illinois will ask for leave of absence
when he thinks it necessary..
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
83, noes 11.
So the motion was agreed to.
BUREAU 01? MILITARY JUSTICE.
A bill (H. R. No. 43) to create a Bureau of
Military Justice.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the bill aside.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded a
division.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
68, noes 9; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stevens,
and Washburne of Illinois, were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 83, noes 9. f
The CHAIRMAN voted in the affirmative,
making a quorum.
So the motion was agreed to.
BOUNTIES.
A bill (H. R. No. 150) providing for the pay-
ment of bounties to soldiers in the United States
service.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the bill be laid
aside.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded a
division.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
74, noes 25.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers. *
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the committee rise, and demanded a division.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
8, noes 85.
So the motion was disagreed to.
; OREGON INDIANS.
A bill (H. R. No. 97) making an appropria-
tion for the purpose of negotiating treaties with
the Indian tribes of southern and eastern Oregon.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the bill be laid
aside.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded a
division.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
89, noes 9.
So the motion was agreed to.
SHIP CANAL.
A bill (II. 11. No. 321) to constructaslupcanal
for the passage of armed and naval vessels from
the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, and for
other put poses.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the bill be laid
aside.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want to be
heard on that question.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not debatable.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 move that the gentleman
have leave to fight it out on that line if it takes
all night. [Lriughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 want to
make a proposition to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
The CH A111M AN. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is not in order to discuss motions to lay aside in
order to proceed to other business. Prom that
decision the gentleman from Illinois takes an ap-
peal. Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the iudgment of the committee?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded a
division.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
78, noes 23.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
ASSAY OFFICE AT CARSON CITY, ETC.
A lull (H. II. No. 335) to establish an assay
office at Carson City, Nevada Territory, and an
assay office at Portland, Oregon.
Mr. STEVENS moved to lay the bill aside.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called foi a
division.
The bill was laidaside'—ayes 78, noes 15.
JURISDICTION OF COURT OF CLAIMS.
A bill (H. R. No. 66) concerning the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims.
Mr. STEVENS moved to lay the bill aside.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for a
division.
The bill was laid aside—ayes 79, noes 13.
NORTHERN INDIAN SUPERINTENDBNCY.
A bill (H. R. No. 399) to abolish the northern
Indian superintendency.
Mr. STEVENS moved to lay the bill aside.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for a
division. "
The bill was laid aside—ayes 78, noes 14.
BRANCH MINT IN OREGON.
An act (S. No. 185) to establish a branch of
the Mint of the United States at Dalles City, in
the Stat, of Oregon.
Mr. G A RE 1 ELD moved to lay the bill aside.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for a
division.
The bill was laid aside—ayes 70, noes 23.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF WAR OF 1812.
A bill (S. No. 566) granting pensions to the
surviving soldiers of the war of 1812.
Mr. STEVENS moved to lay the bill aside.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for a
division.
The bill was laid aside—ayes 72, noes 33.
WAGON ROADS IN IDAIIO.
A bill (II R. No. 323) for the construction of
certain wagon roads in Idaho.
Mr. STEVEN^ moved to lay the bill aside.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for a
division.
The bill was laid aside—ayes 70, noes 24.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL,
A bill (H. R. No. 539) making appropriations
for certain miscellaneous expenses for the year
ending June 30, 1865.
Mr. STEVENS moved to lay the bill aside.
• Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for a
division.
The bill was laitl aside—ayes 78, noes 15.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
An act(S. No. 348) to provide for the super-
vision, repair, liabihlies, and completion of the
Washington aqueduct.
Mr. STEVENS. Wo have at length reached
the bill that I desire to have acted on.
The bill appropriates the sum of §150,000 for
the purpose of constructing the dam of solid ma-
sonry across the Maryland branch of the Potomac
river near the Great Falls, anil for constructing
the conduit around the receiving reservoir, and for
paying existing liabilities and expenses, engi-
neering, superintendence, and repairs of the
Washington aqueduct.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise
for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Sciienck reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particulaily a
bill (S. No. 348) to provide for the supervision,
repair, liabilities, and completion of the Washing-
ton aqueduct, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the Com-
mittee of the Whole again lesumc the consider-
ation of this bill, all debate be closed in half a
minute thereafter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for a
division.
The molion was agreed to—ayes 81, noes 12.
Mi. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the slate of the Union.
The molion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mi.
Schenck in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
I oration of the bill making appropriation for the
i Washington aqueduct.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved.to
strike out the enacting clause Of the bill, and called
for a division. • - .
The motion was not agreed to—ayes 19, noes
76.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House. i.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for a
division.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 77, noes 14.„.
So the committee rose; arid the Speaker having,
resumed the chair, Mr. Sciienck reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union,
generally under consideration, and particularly a
bill (S. No. 348) to provide for the supervision,
repair, liabilities, and completion ofthe Washing-
ton aqueduct, and had directed him to report the
same to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded—^yes
83, noes 11.
The main question was then ordered—ayes 87,
noes 9.
Mr. UPSON moved to lay the bill on the table;
and on that motion demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to lay the bill on the table
—ayes 9, noes 83. ■ . •'
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,;
and it was accordingly read the third time.  
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques->
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded—ayes 83,
noes 9.
The main question was then ordered—ayes 83,
noes 11.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will let us have the
yeas and nays on the passage of this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; the votes already'
taken show that there is no negative vote.
Mr. DR1GGS demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to—ayes 86,
noes 6.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask leave of absence for the
remainder of the session .
Tbete was no objection; and the leave was
granted.
THE ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. MORRILD. I move that when the House
ad|0urns it adjourn to meet on Monday next at
ten o'clock, a. m.
Several Members. Say eleven.
Mr. MORRILL. Oh, no; we had better meet
WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
the motion ofthe gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I move that we take
a recess until ten o'clock on Monday next^ after
we shall have received a message from the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the Seriate have already acted on a resolution to
close the session at noon on Monday.
Several Members. That is a mistake.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better wait
until we get a message from the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Clutir understands that
he is misinformed. It was stated to the Chair by
some gentleman who had just come irom the Sen-
ate Chamber that they had acied on the resolution
to close the session on Monday at noon, and
concurred in it. The Chair now learns that that
is a mistake.
Mr. PENDLETON. I rise to a privileged
question. 1 olfer a concurrent resolution that the
' two Houses close the present session on Monday
next at mwn.
ii Ah. GANSON. 1 came from the Senate a
|i moment ngo, and they had not then acted on the
!' resolution of the House. '
il The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
proposes to send another resolution to the Senate.
lj Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I would like
