£36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
actforenrollingand calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes, "approved March 3,1863,
and had made pi ogress therein, but had come to
no conclusion thereon.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the internal revenue
bill, that it may be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object. I
am not opposed to taking it from the Speaker's
table, but I am opposed to referring it to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to suspend the rules
for that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at forty-five minutes
past four o'clock p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 0, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Treasurer of the United States,
transmitting copies of his accounts with the Uni-
ted States for the third and fourth quarters of the
year 1862 and the first and second quarters of
the year 1863; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition ofGustavus
A. Balzer, asking to be remunerated for losses
sustained by him by the capture and destruction
of his stores by the rebels, while acting as sutler
of the seventy-fifth regiment Pennsylvania volun-
teers; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr.TEN EYCK presented a memorial of mem-
bers of the bar of the District of Columbia, pray-
ing that the salary of the judges of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia may be in-
creased; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. HALE presented Ihe petition of Moses
Kelly, administrator of Major W. W. Russell,
deceased, late paymaster in the United States
marine corps, praying for certain allowances in
tile settlement of the accounts of Major Russell;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Allans.
Mr. JOHNSON presented pnpers relating to
the claim of George C. M. Roberts; which were
referied to the Committee en Claims.
ABOLITION 01' SLAVERY.
Mr. CLAK1C piesenteda petition of citizens of
Alburn, New I rampsliiie, praying for the aboli-
tion of .slavery throughout the United State-f, and
for the adoption of such measures as will foiever
prevent its existence in any portion of the coun-
try; which was referred to the Committee on the
J udieiary.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I offer a pe-
tition which is now lying on the desk before me.
It is too bulky for me to take up. J need notadd
that it is too bulky for any of the pages of this
body to carry.
This petition mai ks a stage of public opinion in
the history of slavery and also m the suppression '
of the rebellion. As it is short I will read it:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of fhc U/vtcl
States:
The undersigned, womt-n of the United States aljovethe
?t?o of < iiiitiM-ii jpar1?, (Mrno-tly piny that vout honoiaMe
body will at the piaetu abju d.iv an act eman-
cipating all persons ni Atrican descent held to invoiimtajy
*emce or labor in the United States
There is also a duplicate of this petition st°*ned
by " men above (he age of eighteen years."'
It will be perceived "that the petition is in rolls, |
Each roIUepresents a State. For instance, hei e ,
isNewYoik with a list of seventeen thousand ,
seven hundred and .six names; Illinois with fifteen !
thousand three hundred and eighty; and Massa- I
chusetts with eleveu thousand six hundred and 1
forty-one. But I will read the abstract with which
I have been furnished:
State. Men. Women. Total.
New York  6.519 11-187 17,706
Illinois 6,382 8;998 15.380
Massachusetts  4,2-19 7,392 11,641
Pennsylvania  2-259 6,366 8,625
Ohio  3,678 4,654 8,330
Michigan  1,741 4,441 6,182
Jovva    2,025 4,014 6,039
Maine  1.225 4,362 5.587
Wisconsin  1,639 2,391 4^030
Indiana    1,075 2,591 3,665
New Hampshire    393 2,261 2,654
New Jersey  824 1,709 2,533
Rhode Island  827 1.451 2,278
Vermont  375 1,183 1,558
Connecticut  393 1,162 1,555
Minnesota  396 1,094 1,490
West Virginia  82 100 182
Maiyland .. 115 50 165
Kansas  84 74 158
Delaware    67 70 137
Nebraska  13 20 33
Kentucky  21 - 21
Louisiana (New Oileans)  - 14 14
Citizens of the United States living
in New Biuiibwiek  19 17 36
34,399 65,601 100,000
These several petitions are consolidated into one
petition, being another illustration of the motto on
our coin—E pluribus unum.
This petition issigned by one hundred thousand
men and women, who unite in this unparalleled
number to support its prayer. They are from all
parts of the country and from every condition of
life. They are from the sea-board, fanned by the
free airs of the ocean, and from the Mississippi
and the prairies of the West, fanned by the free
airs which fertilize that extensive region. They
are from the families of the educated and unedu-
cated, nch and poor, of every profession, busi-
ness, and calling in life, representmgevery senti-
ment, thought, hope, passion, activity, intelligence
which inspires, strengthens, and adorns our social
system. Here they arc, a mighty aimy, one hun-
dred thousand strong, without arms or banners,
the advance guard of a yet larger army.
Hut though memorable for their numbers, these
petitioners are more memorable still for the prayer
in which they unite. They ask nothing less than
universal emancipation; and this they ask directly
at the hands of Congress. No reason is assigned.
The prayer speaks for itself. It is simple, posi-
tive. So far as it proceeds from the women of the
country, it is naturally a petition, and not an ar-
gument. But I need not remind the Senate that
there is no reason so strong as the reason of the
heart. Do not all great thoughts c.ome from the
heart ?
It is not for me, on presenting this petition, to
assign reasons winch the army of petitioneis has
forborne t.o assign. But I may not improperly
add that, naturally and obviously, they all feel
in their hearts, what reason and knowledge con-
firm, not only that slaveiy is the guilty ougin of
the rebellion, but that its influence evcrywheie,
even outside the rebel States, has been hostile lo the
Union, always impnn ing loyalty, and sometimes
openly menacing the national Government. It
reunites no diilicult logic to conclude that such a
monster, wherever it shows it head, is a national
enemy, to be pursued and destioyed as such, or
at least to be abated as a nuisance to the national
cause. The petitioners know well, that Congress
is the depository of (hose supreme powers by
which rebellion, alike in its rootand in its distant
offshoots, may be surely crushed, and by which
unity and peace may be permanently secured.
They know well that the action of Congress may
be with the cooperation of the slavemasters, or
even without their cooperation under the ovci rul-
ing law of military necessity or the commanding
piecepr of the Constitution u to guaianty to evei y
State a republican fnim of government." Above
ail they know well, that to save the country from
peril, especially to save the national life, there is
no power, m the ample aisenal of self-defense,
which Congress may not grasp; for to Congress,
under the Constitution, belongs the prerogative
of the Roman dictator to see that the Republic, ie-
ceives no detriment. Therefore to Congress these
petitioner now appeal. I ask the reference of
the petition to the select committee on slavery and
freedni-n.
Mr. S A ULSBUft V. } hegh-aee todelay that
ixjot'ou for a moment by a single remark. We
have heard the remarks of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts on this petition. He has evidently
presented it with a view that it shall have some
effect upon the legislation of Congress. The pe-
titioners, doubtless, have sent it here with that
view, and the length of the petition and the large
number of signers to it will be paraded in the pa-
pers of the country as evidence not only that the
judgment of the country requires that the piayrr
of the petitioners should be granted, but as evi-
dence also that there is a disposition in Congress
to listen to a popular appeal. Sir,! was a mem-
ber of this Senate only three years ago, before
the hand of brother was raised against brother,
before civil war trod this land as with the crush-
ing step of a giant, before one single drop of blood
had been shed in this unnatural war, at a time
when the hearts of the people of this country
were palpitating, when they were filled with alarm
lest the consequences which now unhappily afflict
the country should come to pass. I recollect, sir,
that one of the connecting links of the great men
of the pastwiththe present proposed in this body
measures to allay agitation, to preserve the Union,
to keep off" civil war and to keep it off forever. 1
recollect that a Senator from New York, now hold-
ing a distinguished place in the Cabinet, on one
occasion presented a petition from that State
signed by twenty-eight thousand citizens, and at
another tune a petition signed by over thirty thou-
sand citizens, and I recollect that a distinguished
Senator from Kentucky now dead, (Mr. Critten-
den,) presented a petition signed by seventeen
thousand five hundred citizens of Massachusetts,
and when other Senators loaded your tables with
petitions calling upon the majority of Congress
to listen to their prayers, and to do something to
prevent civil war; and what was the effect of their
petitions then upon this body?
They were scouted, spurned; a deaf ear was
turned to the supplications of an agonized coun-
try; and lather than listen to those petitions com-
ing up from every section of the country, and
more numerously signed than this bugbear of a
petition to-day, they were disregarded. No com-
promise then; no heeding by Congress of the im-
portunities of the people then. But now, lo and
behold, this petition is presented, and it is sent as
the voice of the country: " Heed ye the voice of
the country!" Sir, it ill becomes gentlemen who
disregarded that voice in the past, who would not
listen to the petitions of the A merican people when
the clouds of war were gathering in darkness over
this land—it ill becomes them now, after having
treated those petitions as of little worth, to parade
this as the evidence of the sense of the country,
and say, " Heed it and be governed by it."
But, sir, I will not detain the Senate. My ob-
ject was simply to show that the Senate had dis-
regaided heretofore petitions moie numerously
signed under other circumstances, and to say to
the country that this petition, whatever may be
the object of presenting it, is not to be consideted
as having any very great effect, or to meet with
any gr^at respect 1 appi ehend Aom this body, be-
cause they have heretofore lejectod petitions moie
numerously signed, and under circumstances
which were calculated to command the attention
of the Senate more favorably.
Mr. HALE. Asthisstatementhasbeen made,
1 want another statement which is strictly true to
go with it to the country. Those petitions were
presented here by an honoiable and honored mem-
ber of the Senate, now deceased, in favor of a sei ies
of resolutions tmbmitted by him. I have nothing
to say about them or of them; but! will mention
this fact, and I should like it to go out to the country
with the eloquent tributcof the Senatorfrom Dela-
ware to the petitions of that day. The report, ac-
companied by w hat was mainly called the Ciuten-
4 den compromise, failed m this body beeause the
patty that the Senator from Delaware actcd with,
associated with, counseled with, and voted with,
voted against it. The Journals of the Senate will
show that those resolutions wcie defeated by the
leading members of the party associated with the
honorable Senator from Delaware.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not wish to continue
this debate, because I know it is not regulailyhi
order; but in Answer to the Senator fiom New
Hampshire 1 wi&h to make one statement. The
Senator is well aware that the propositions of Mr.
Crittenden were proposed amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, which would
