1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S37
require, in order to pass them, a two-thirds vote
of both branches of Congress. On every prop-
osition to take up and consider those resolutions,
ns I believe, every member of what was then the
dominant party voted uniformly in favor of taking
them up and considering them. On one occasion,
when the Senator from Now Hampshire [Mr.
Clark] proposed a substitute for them, there
were live or six Senators from the Gulf States
who sat in their seats and refused to vote; I think
wrongly refused to vote; but if they had voted on
that substitute it could not have accomplished
any practical purpose, because if every member
of the then dominant party had voted for the pas-
sage of the Crittenden compromise resolutions,
it being necessary Lu have a two-thirds vote in
order to pass them, they being propositions to
amend the Constitution of the United States, they
could not have been constitutionally passed in this
body. Sir, no member of the then dominantparty
ever voted against the Crittenden propositions or
against taking them up for consideration, or said
that he would not accept them as a settlement of
sectional differences.
Another word,sir. The Senator says they were
defeated on that account. I ask the Senator from
New Hampshire, because I believe he is a frank
Senator, whether at any time there was a single
Senator of his party who voted for the Crittenden
propositions in any stage of them; and whether
every other member of the Senate, wli ether he was
a Democrat, or what you might call a Bell and
Everett man, or American, did not consistently
and uniformly,'whenever they were presented,
and in all stages vote in favor of the consideration
andthe passage ofthose resolutions? Doesit then
become the Senator from New Hampshire to say
that they were defeated because of the fact that
those four or five gentlemen fiom the Gulf States,
Mr. Slidcli, Mr. Benjamin, Mr.Iverson, I think,
and some two others, pel imps, when a proposi-
tion was made to substitute another resolution for
them, refused to vote 011 that proposition? I ask
the Senator as a fiank man, does it become him
to say that the resolutions were defeated because
those five gentlemen refused to vote on that oc-
casion, when no member of his party on any oc-
casion voted in their favor but uniformly voted
against them ? Will he answer? Could the entire
vote of the then dominantparty have constitution-
ally passed the Crittenden propositions without
the aid of some votes fiom the Republican party ?
Was there one Republican Senator under these
circumstances that gave them his support? Will
the Senator answer?
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I rise to thank
the Senator from Delaware for saying on the floor
of the Senate to-day that those of us who were
here then when the Crittenden proposition was
made steadily voted against it. I do not laise the
question who defeated that proposition; but I do
say that it was a pioposition the most wicked that
was ever proposed in the deliberative body of any
Christian or civilized country 011 the globe. It
was a proposition to recognize, establish, and pro-
tect slavery south of 36° 30' in all territory now
in our possession or that might hereafter be ac-
quired. It was a pi oposition forbidding this Chris-
tian nation to abolish slaveiy in the national cap-
ital without the consent of the slavemongers of
Virginia. It was a pioposition to allow slave-
traders to take their slaves through and all over
the fiee States and hold them as slaves. It was
a proposition to take away fiom colored men the
right of citizenship and tin; light of voting that
they had enjoyed from the Declaration of Inde-
pendence to this hour 111 several of the free States.
It was the most wicked and devilish proposition
ever proposed on eaitli, unworthy the support ot
a Christian people or any man professing to re-
vere God or love man. I think the tune has gone
by forever in this country when anybody is to be
reproached for having voted againsta pioposition
that cvei y man ought to glory 111 trampling under
his feet. I denounced it then, I denounce it now.
I thank God that 1 was permitted to utter my voice
and give my vote against incorporating into the
Constitution of my country amendments so bar-
barons, wicked, and inhuman. God in His abound-
in°' "race might have pardoned such a crime, but
humanity would have lepro.icbed us forever.
Mr. SAULSbURY. 1 shall enter into no dis-
cussion with the Senator fiom Massachusetts an
to the wisdom 01 folly, the virtue or contrary
characteristic of the Crittenden resolutions. Itis
not possible for the Senator from Massachusetts
or for any other Senator on this floor, or for any
man in this country, whatever may be his opin-
ions of those measures, to make the American
people believe that John J. Crittenden, of world-
wide fame, whose patriotism was evidenced by
every act of his life and in his dying moments,
and whose character is dear to every American
heart, would e'ver present a proposition to the
American Senate unbecoming a Christian gentle-
man or a lover of constitutional liberty.
Sir, seventeen thousand five hundred citizens of
Massachusetts, if I mistake not, of the city of Bos-
ton, sent a petition here and placed it in the hands
of John J. Crittenden, asking this Senate and this
Congress to pass measures of compromise and
conciliation. A large majority of the people of
this countiy at that time, in my judgment—I may
be mistaken—were honestly in favor of the adop-
tion of those measures; and there is 110 man living
now, I presume, but what believes that had they
been adopted, civil war would have been averted
and we should have been united and at peace.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition is re-
ferred. Petitions are still in order.
Mr. POWELL. I should like to say a single
word 011 that petition before it is referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion of
the Chair it has gone from the Senate. Before
the Senator rose, the Chair announced that it was
referred.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope that by common con-
sent the Senator may have leave to express his
views. There has been rather a free discussion,
and I should be sorry to have any Senator cut off
from saying what he wishes to say 011 the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be regarded
as before the Senate if there is no ob jection. The
Chair hears none.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to say a word in regard to the petition pre-
sented by the Senator from Massachusetts, but
I will make a renuuk in reply to his colieage [Mr.
Wilson] in defense of my late colleague, Mr.
Crittenden. That Senator l^ts chosen to denounce
the Ciittenden resolutions as unworthy of any
Christian man or any Cluistian people. lie re-
flects very harshly, too, upon the memory of Mr.
Crittenden. Allow me to tell that Senator that
those propositions that were presented by my late
colleague, and which weio rejected by the Re-
publican party, in my judgment were eminent-
ly wise, eminently just, and eminently proper.
They were worthy of the high leputation of the
illustrious Senator who presented ttiem; and 1
know that no assault that can come from the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts will impair the just fame
and the high reputation of that illustrious man.
He was an elevated statesman and a Christian
gentleman; and I know that when those propo-
sitions were under consideration the most illus-
tnous and distinguished gentlemen from Massa-
chusetts were here desiung their adoption. I
remember having inteniews with such men as
Edsvaid Eveiettand other distinguished men from
that State. The people throughout the length
and bieadth of this land, in my judgment, desned
the adoption of those propositions. If they had
been adopted we should now be a united and happy
people. We should not have witnessed the hor-
lid scenes that we liaie seen 111 consequencc of
this unfortunate civil war
One woid, sir, as to those who lejected those
propositions. The Senator from Massachusetts
seem:! to congiatulate his paity that they did le-
ject them because they were monstrous, unchris-
tian pi opositions. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire desires to throw the onus on ceitain gentle-
men fi 0111 the Gulf States. Allow me to say, Mr.
President, that those resolutions were rejected by
the Republican party. They, and they alone, are
responsible. The Senator from Massachusetts
glories ill it, but the Senator from New llainp-
sliiie desires to throw the blame upon others. I
was a member of the committee of thirteen to
whom all those measures were referred, and I
speak what the join nals of that committee will
!l attest when 1 say that no Republican upon that
I] committee voted for the Crittenden propositions,
;! wliil'1 ma ry Senator 011 that committee who was
not a Republican \oted for them. Upon one or
l! two pi-o|)o-itn>im Mr Toombs and Ml'. Davis
j' final! v changed then1 votes, but they declared that
they were ready to take the Crittenden proposi-
tions and to stand by them. Mr. Toombs de-
clared it in open Senate.
I well remember the day when Mr. Johnson,
the Senator from Tennessee, made a speech in
reply to the Senator from Delaware, who has just
taken his seat, in which he declared that tliey
were defeated in consequence of four gentlemen
from the Gulf States sitting in their seats and not
voting. Such was not the fact. The question
came up between those resolutions and the sub-
stitute of the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Clark,] and itwas upon that question that those
gentlemen,] think wrongfully, refrained from vot-
ing. It required only a bare majority to substi-
tute the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire for the Crittenden propositions, but
it required a two-thirds vote to pass the Critten-
den propositions. We afterwards did get a vote
upon them, and theRepublican party caused their
defeat. There never was a Republican who voted .
for the Crittenden propositions either in the com-
mittee of thirteen or in the Senate. The mem-
bers of that party, and they alone, are responsi-
ble for their defeat, as the journals in the com-
mittee and the Journals of Congress will show.
There was no Senator on that side of the Cham-
ber that I remember who ever cast a vote for the
Crittenden propositions.
I know the statement has gone out which has
been made to-day by the Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale.] It has been stated in the
newspapers over and over again, butitisnot true.
If the Republicans had given their support we
could have carried the Crittenden propositions,
and they would have averted civil war and saved
the Union. I have 110 question on that fact. I
believe the people of Massachusetts by an untold
majority were 111 favor of the Crittenden proposi-
tions. There wasevery evidence before the Sen-
ate of that, but the Senators from Massachusetts
stood out as we on this side thought against the
will of their constituents.
The Senator from Massachusetts did not at
that time denounce those propositions in such
terms as he has now used. He opposed them, I
admit, but he indulged in no such denunciations
as lie has uttered to-day . When that pure, just,and
elevated man, Mr. Crittenden, occupied a seat on
this floor, the Senatordid not assert that he could
be the author of propositions so damnable as the
Senator lias characterized them. He is out of the
Senate; lie is in his grave, respected and honored
by all virtuous and intelligent men. Now it is
that the Senator comes forward and makes his
assault. When the reputation of the man and the
ciicuinstances arc considered, it does look to me
like an atrocious assault upon one of the most
pure and elevated statesmen that this or any other
country has ever produced. The virtues and emi-
nent public servicts of John J. Crittenden will
live embalmed in the hearts of his countrymen;
and no assault from the Senator from Massachu-
setts will dim the luster of his fame.
Mr. WILSON. I desire simply to say, sir,
to the honoiable Senator from Kentucky and to
the honorable Senator from Delaware that it was
not my purpose to cast any reflection upon the
memory of John J. Ci ittenden. I entertained for
him, while living, sincere regard; and, sir, I am
not here to reproach his memory. He was an
old statesman, an old man, and under the pressure
of the times he stepped forth with the proposition
lie miscalled a compromise. 1 characterized the
proposition just as I characterize now the acts of
men—ofpersonal character that I regard disloyal-
acts against libei ty, humanity,and Christian civil-
ization. Honest, sincere men maybe deluded,
may bo deceived. I choose to judge men with
charity, but to speak of the acts of men and char-
acterize those acts as they are. The Senator says
that I did not speak of these resolutions when they
were before the Senate as 1 have to-day. If the
Senator will read a speech of mine made upon the
resolutions he will find that I characterized them
quite as severely as I have to-day. I spoke fully
upon the subject, and expressed the fear that if
WS daied to vote for those resolutions we should
sink, when life's duties were performed, into dis-
honorable graves, with the curse of God and the
scorn of mankind upon us. I believed it then; I
believe it now. I believe that an overwhelming
and uncounted majority of the people of the coun-
try to-day would' reject with unutterable scorn
