1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
to the Government, are either traitors in their
heatrts or cowards. {Suppressed applause.]
Mr. Speaker,-men may differ as to the policy
3f tiais-Administration.. They may think that
this-measure or that measure is wrong. That
is perfectly legitimate. They have a right to do
that, and 1 accord to them that right. But there
isadif&renee between policy and truth and princi-
ple. The old Democratic and Whig parties dif-
fered only as- to policy. There was no difference
msto principle. They had both believed, or de-
elared, whether they believed it or not, that it
^was the duty of the Government to maintain it-
self; that it was the duty of all to submit to the
powers that were; whether in peace or war, to
sustain the Government. Our motto, brother
"Democrats—or rather those who were my brother
Democrats in 1846—was, "Our country, right or
■wrong." "We went into the field under that
"motto. But to-day, while we may disapprove
of and abhor the policy of the Administration,
£>ur great duty is to sustain and uphold the Gov-
ernment and to put down this rebellion; to sub-
jugate the rebel States, if need be; t© extermin-
ate those in armed rebellion against the Govern-
ment, and to populate the country with a better
people.
Now, sir, we hear a great deal of talk about
subjugation. The word subjugation, as I under-
stand it, only means to bring within the power
of the Government, by force, those who are in re-
bellion. Why,sir,umlerthelawsof yourStates
and municipalities, you bring to the gallows a man
for the commission of murder. Shall you not
•bring him to the same sentence and judgment for
the commission of treason? For in the commis-
sion of treason he commits many murders, and
should be punished. *
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PENDLETON obtained the floor.
Mr. SMITH. I hope the House will allow me
a few moments more. 1 think 1 yielded fifteen
minutes of my time.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will with the greatest
pleasure yield to the gentleman if there be no ob-
jection.
No objection was made.
Mr. SMITH. I have but a word more to add.
In times like these the feeling of the American
people, and, above all, the feeling of this Con-
gress, should be in pcrfcct unison for the putting
down of this rebellion. Do you expect to. have
peace until this rebellion is put down ? The gen-
tleman from Ohio on my left [Mr. Long] would
recognizethesouthern confederacy. Does he sup-
pose that we would give up the Mississippi river?
Does he suppose we will give up Tennessee and
Virginia? Does he suppose we will give up all
the territory which we have conquered from this
so-called southern confederacy? If he docs, 1
believe from the very depth of my heart that he
is a fit candidate for Jeff. Davis's cabinet. All
men who believe in the recognition of the south-
ern confederacy should define their position like
men and go there. Lot the men who believe in
the recognition of the southern confederacy say
so boldly, and not by their actions and votes and
conduct give aid and comfort to the rebellion,
and yet live under the protection of our Govern-
ment and armies.
Mr. Speaker, is it better to suppress this rebel-
lion and subjugate, if you please, those who are
in arms against the Government, and make a
- great and glorious Union of all these State??; or is
it better to let them go, and have our country
separated into small divisions and subdivisions,
with its various poweis conflicting with one an-
other? No man who is a patriot, no man who is
a statesman, no man who is a philanthropist can
look upon the one side without mortification and
hoiiow, or upon the other without a determina-
tion to prosecute thie war to a successful termin-
ation in the restoration of the whole country to
the Government of the United States. I have
looked in days gone by upon this Government,
with its thirty-four States, as a beautiful, power-
ful, giand, intelligent, and magnificent Govern-
ment, stretching fiom the Atlantic to the Pacific
slope, and from Maine to Florida, with its beau-
tiful prairies, and its uplifted mountains kissing
the clouds that God has lowered over them, and
with all of its people free, glorious, and benevo-
lent in sentiment and feeling, as one of the grandest
ajad sublimest spectacles on the face of the earth.
Sir, looking down through the vista of time,
methinks 1 see one hundred free-States, such <is
we have to-day, with three hundred million free-
men within their limits, with none to call them
slaves, who acknowledge no master but the God
who made them and breathed into their souls the
breath of life; with such a country, with our in-
stitutions free and independent, with churches
upon every hill-top, and school-houses in every
valley, with our people mingling together as one
people, speaking one tongue, and with one feel-
ing of desire for the perpetuity of our glorious
institutions, then, indeed, can all of us gather
together, and our children and our children's
children gather together, and unite in the beauti-
ful and elegant words;
" Flag of the free hearts' hope and home,
By angel hands to valor given,
Whose stars have lit the welkin dome,
And ail thy hues were born in heaven.
<c Forever float that standard sheet!
Where breathes the foe but falls before us;
With freedom's toil beneath our feet,
And freedom's banner waving o'er us."
God grant that that may be the destiny of the
American people!
Mr. PENDLETON obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. Will my colleague yield to me a
few moments for a personal explanation in refer-
ence to remarks made by the gentleman who has
just taken his seat, [Mr. Smith?]
Mr. PENDLETON. It will give me great
pleasure to do so if the House will concur m it.
1 do not ask any addition to my time.
Mr. G1UNNELL objected.
Mr. COLFAX. My impression is that the
gentleman has a right to yield to another for a
personal explanation, under the rules.
Mr. COX. 1 will not take up the time of my
colleague now. I perhaps may have an oppor-
tunity to respond to the remarks of the gentleman
from Kentucky at another time, and I shall do it
then more triumphantly after more preparation.
Mr. PENDLETON. I have purposely re-
frained till this moment from taking part in this
discussion. I desired to wait until gentlemen upon
this side and upon the other side of the Chamber
should have said all they thought proper to say
by way of criticism on the speech of my friend
and colleague, [Mr. Long.] 1 desiied that gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the Chamber, the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] my two
colleagues from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck and Mr.
Spalding,] and thegentlomen from Indiana, [Mr.
Ortii and Mr. Dumont,] should have poured
out the vials of their wrath upon the Democratic
party. I desired that the vocabulary of invective
and vituperation should be entirely exhausted. I
knew it was inevitable. I desired that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Smitii] should have
made his speech, in which, though it wasnn hour
long, he did not once allude to the question
which is pending. 1 desired that all the side is-
sues should have been made, that every attempt
to draw off attention from the only question be-
fore us should have been fully tried; and then I
intended to ask the House to come back to the
consideration of this resolution.
I, sir, shall not follow thu&c gentlemen. I shall
reply to none of their partisan criminations.
They do not touch the marrow of this question.
They are unworthy of the dignity of this debate.
I shall not express my opinion as to the sound-
ness or unsoundness of the views of my col-
league. I will be led into no side issues; I will
be diverted in no respect from the question before
us. its solution depends m no degree upon the
opinion of any gentleman as to the soundness of
the views of my colleague, or as to the wisdom
or propriety of their utterance at this time.
This question rises to a higher dignity. It is
important to my colleague personally; it is im-
portant to every member of this House in his
personal relations; but it is far more important
inasmuch as it touches the oigamzation of this
House, the organization of the Government itself.
I shall therefore neither participate in partisan
discussion, nor retort the partisan allusions which
have been made. 1 shall confine myself, as nearly
as I can, to the question involved in the iesolu-
tion of the Speaker. I shall endeavor to rise to
the height of this great subject, and if 1 shall not
be able to do justice to the argument, I willatleast
do justice to myself and to my own appreciation
of the -spirit in which it ought to be discussed.
And as I shall" not discuss the soundness of the
views of my colleague, so I desire to say that no
person who has spoken had authority to do so for
me. I shall not in this debate assen^ to nor die-
sent from those views. I have attended no cau-
cus called either to indorse or repudiate them. I
donotknowthatany such has been held;certainly
none has been held with my concurrence.
Where are we? In a deliberative assembly
whose chief function is discussion. Why were
we broaght here? Primarily that we might rep-
resent the views of our constituents; and next,
that by comparison of opinions, by argument, by
persuasion, by addressing the reason and con-
sciences of each other, we might be brought into
accord and devise a system of legislation which
would contribute to the welfare of the people*
and, by consequence, to the perpetuation and the
glory of the Government. What questions are
brought before us? What questions are now
pending upon your table? Conscription, confis-
cation, taxation, recruiting, the reconstruction of
State governments,and amendments of the Con-
stitution, and underneath them all lies the great
question of the further prosecution of this war.
The President of the United States, in his mes-
sage at the beginning of this session, told us that
he had issued a proclamation of emancipation,
and that so long as he remained in his present
position he would neither recall nor modify it.
And yet we all know that proclamalion is as
worthless as the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Davis] declared it to be—as the paper on which
it is written, unless enforced by the power of our
armies. The President told us that he had issued a
proclamation of amnesty, that those who will take
the oath of allegiance and swear ©bedience to his
proclamations shall have authority to reorganize
the State governments, even though they be but
one tenth part of the population, and that he will
maintain those State governments by all the
"power of our arms.
Following immediately upon that message
came a call for three hundred thousand men,and
afterwards a call for two hundred thousand more.
As a direct consequence, inevitably, we have had
here conscription bills, a deficiency bill of more
than a hundred milliondollars, and regular appro-
priation bills for the Army for $500,000,000, for
the Navy for $150,000,000, and for miscellaneous
purposes $200,000,000 more. Taxation is neces-
sary to raise this money, and we have tax bills.
Loans are mcessary, and we have loan bills.
Greed of gam must be satisfied, and we have con-
fiscation bills. Those bills are pending. They
are before the House. My colleague must con-
sider them; he must vote upon them. His duty
and his oath require it. The solution of all these
questions, the propriety and necessity of passing
these bills, depend upon the single question
whether or not this war shall be further prosecu-
ted, and if so, in what manner and for what pur-
pose? This lies at their very foundation. It is
the base of the pyramid of legislation which ia
sought to be built up.
My colleague [Mr. Long] at the time appro-
priated for debate, at the only time when by the
rules he could do so, rose in this place and deco-
rously, decently—violating none of the proprieties
of debate—with calmness and moderation and
dignity, with a sincerity which has not been ques-
tioned , appealing to God for the purity of his mo-
tives, and to his constituents for the wisdom of
his views—proceeded to discuss that question
without the consideration of which none of the
measuios now pending before you can be honestly
developed or fairly decided.
He said that he believes this war to have been
begun unconstitutionally,to have been prosecuted
in an unwise and improper manner. He said
that tho experience of three years had led his
mind to the conclusion that u can never result
in a restoration of the Union, butonly in the de-
struction of our republican system at the North;
that it ought to cease immediately, even at the ex-
pense of recognizing the independence of the con-
federate States; and he enforced his views by ap-
peals to your reasons, to your judgments, to the
highest motives by which legislators can be gov-
erned; he asked you to weigh hisarguments and
if you could honestly agree with him toassentto
his conclusions. Will any gentleman tell me that
this is not legitimate debate? Will any gentle-
