8536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2.
of-Congress; which was read a first and sccond
time.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Wheieas the cost of living in this city has increased at
least one hundred per cent.: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Spates of America in Congress assembled, That
there be paid, at the close of the present session of Con-
gress, to the officers, clerks, and other employes of the two
Houses of Congress, and such <$her persons in and about
the Capitol as have usually been embraced in extra com-
pensation resolutions, asum equal to twenty percent, upon
the amount of their annual compensation ; and in ca>c of
such as do not receive an annual compensation a like per
cent, upon the amount of compensation received by rheni
respectively during the present session; and a sum suffi-
cient foi that purpose is" hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. WEBSTER moved the previous question
on the engrossment of the resolution.
" The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and rendathird time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ALLEY called for tellers on its passage.
Tellers were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. WEBSTER moved to rcconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN J. MICHIE.
Mr. HOTCHKISS again asked consent to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar from the further considera-
tion of the bill for the relief of John J. Michie.
Mr. BOUTWELL objected.
RELEASE FROM DRAFT.
Mr. ECltLEY asked conscnt to introduce a
joint resolution releasing from draft certain per-
sons called into service for one hundred days by
the Governor of Ohio.
Mr. ANCONA objected.
COMMISSIONER OF TUUI-XC BUILDINGS.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, asked consent to intro-
duce a bill fixing the salary of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings at $3,000 per annum.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. 1 desire to say that the
Sresent salary of the Commissioner of Public
uildings is but $2,000. He has a very large
amount of business to transact and a large re-
sponsibility to incur, entirely disproportionate to
the salary, j hope the gentleman will withdraw
his objection.
Mr.' ELDRIDGE. I cannot withdraw it.
SUSANNAH DEFALCO.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, by unanimous conscnt, reported
adversely on the petition of Susannah Defalco;
which was laid on the table, and the committee
discharged from its further consideration.
I1 AY OF LIGIIT-IIOUSM KEEPERS.
Mr. CIIESWELL, by unanimous consent,
made an adver.se repoit on the petition of the
keepers of the light-houses in the fifih conces-
sional district of Maryland, asking an increase of
compensation; which was laid on the table, and
oideivd to be printed.
WUNTINd OF OKNftUS REPORT.
Mr. MORlliLL asked unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution requiring the report
of the census of 1800 to be completed within one
year, and limiting it in extent to three volumes
of the size of the one already printed.
Mr. STEVENS objected.
RECESS.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, (at ten o'clock
and forty-five minutes, a. m.,) the House took a
recess until eleven o'clock and fifteen minutes,
a. m.
At the expiration of the time designated, the
House reassembled.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by
Mr, Forkist, then-Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate have passed a joint resolution (S.
No. 78) providing for the appointment of a com-
mission upon the subject of raising revenue by
taxation; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate have passed without
amendment a bill (H. R. No. 32) to regulate the
sessions of the circuit court of the northern dis-
trict of New York, and for other purposes.
DIRECT TAX IN REBEL STATES.
Mr. FENTON. J rise to a privileged question.
I report hack, in accordance with the permission
given by the House to report at any time, the bill
of the Senate (No. 171) further to amend an act
entitled " An act for the collection of the direct
taxes in the insurrectionary districts within the
United States,and for other purposes," approved
June 7, 1862.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time.
REVENUE COMMISSION.
Mr. MORRILL. Before the vote is taken on
that bill, as it may disclose no quorum present,
I desire to take from the Speaker's table the joint
resolution (S. No. 78) providing for the appoint-
ment of a commission on the subject of raising
revenue by taxation.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to appoint a com-
mission to consist of three persons to inquire and
report as to the best mode of raising the revenue
required to supply the wants of the Government;
the commission to have power to take testimony
and to obtain information in such manner as they
may deem expedient or as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe.
The joint resolution also appropriates such an
amount as may be necessary to defray the ex-
penses of the commission.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe there will be no
objection to that resolution from any part of the
House. It is manifest that such a commission
ought to have existed from the very foundation
of the Government, and it is indispensably neces-
sary in these tim.es to enable Congress to legis-
late wisely on tin; subject of taxation.
Mr. COX. I de.sire to ask whethei these com-
missioners are to be appointed from outside the
Treasury Department?
Mr. MORRILL. They are to be appointed
by the Secretary of the Treasuiy from any class
of persons he may select for the purpose of ob-
taining information on the subject of taxation.
Mr. COX. If they are to be appointed from
persons outside the Treasury Department 1 de-
sire to inquiie what salary they ate to receive.
Mr. MORRILL. Nothing more than their
expenses is provided for by this resolution. They
are to take the testimony of merchants and others,
and their report, if they act judiciously, cannot
fail to be very valuable. It is impossible now
for any one to t^ll m every case how much taxa-
tion many articles will bear without the tax be-
coming oppressive. Take, for instance, the large
number of artielesof which alcohol forms a com-
ponent part, or those goods made m part of silk,
and so of many others; the infoimation which
such a commission may obtain from merchants
largely engaged in the purchase and sale of such
articles will be invaluable. I hope there will be
. no objection to the joint resolution.
Mr. FCRRNAN. if I were satisfied that busi-
ness men and not politicians would he appointed
I would not object.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman will have to
trust the S'-cretary of the Treasury for that.
Mr. COX. I do not like the idea of allowing
meichants to come and make arrangements to
favor their own commodities. It is the business of
the Treasury Depaitment to collect all necessary
information on thissuhject, and they already have
that power. I am opposed to going outside that
Department to appoint new officers for this pur-
pose.
Mr. MORRILL. I assure the gentleman the
Treasury Department possesses no such power
as this lesohuion provides for.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I must object to that prop-
osition.
DIRECT TAXES IX KEJJEL STATES—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. Then the question will be on
the passage of the bill reported by the gentleman
from New Vork from the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the passage of that bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FENTON. As I am informed there may
be no quorum present if the vote is taken at this
time, 1 will, with the consent of the House.ask
that ihe bill may be recommitted to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
There being no objection, the bill was accord-
ingly recommitted.
MESSAGE FROM TUB PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr.Hay, his Private Sec-
retary, notifying the House that he had approved
and signed bills and joint resolutions of the follow-
ing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 575) to correct a clerical
error in the law of June 30, 1864, relating to the
Post Office Department;
An act (H.R.No.555) for the relief of Horace
Gates;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) imposing a
special income duty,
An act (H. R. No.305) to restrict the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims, and to provide for
the payment of certain demands for quartermas-
ter's storesand subsistence supplies furnished to
the Army of the United States;
An act (H. R. No. 573) making an appropria-
tion to carry into effect an act to prevent smug-
gii"g>
An act (H. R. No. 406) supplementary to an
act to giant pensions, approved July 14, J862;
An act (H. R. No. 510) fuither to regulate the
carriage of passengers in steamships and other
vessels;
An act (H. R. No. 534) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Navy to provide for the education of
naval constructors and steam engineers, and for
other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 549) further to regulate and
provide fur the enrolling and calling out the na-
tional forces, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 4X1) to encourage immigra-
tion; and
Joint resolution (II. R.No. 119) explanatory of'
joint resolution in relation to pay of staff olficers-
of the Lieutenant General.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by Mr.
Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House that
the Senate have passed a joint resolution (S. No.
79) to increase the compensation of matrons in
the hospitals, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrcnce of the House.
Also, that the Senate have passed without
amendment a bill of the House (No. 421) to pay
in part for publishing the debatesof Congress,and
for other purposes.
JOHN J. MIOIUB.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I believe all objection is
now withdiawn to the bill for the relief of John
J. Michie, and I ask that it may be passed.
There being no further objection, House bill
No. 338, for the relief of John J. Michie, of New
Orleans, Louisiana, was brought before the
House, (the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar having been discharged from
its further consideration,) ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time: and being engrossed, was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ECKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
i lay the motion to reconsidcron the table.
| The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF HOSPITAL MATRONS,
j The House next proceeded as the regular order
; of business to the consideiation of the Senate
i joint resolution No. 78, to increase the compen-
i sation of nmtions in the hospitals; which was
1 taken ftom the Speaker's table, and read a first
, and second time. %
: The joint resolution provides that hereafter the
! compensation of matrons in hospitals shall be ten
i dollars per month and one ration.
! The joint resolution was ordered to a third
' reading; and wasaccordingly read the third time,
! and passed.
1 Mr. DAVIS, of New York, moved to recon-
! suler the vote by which the joint resolution waa
