538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
those unchristian propositions. I have no doubt
of it. I am glad that Senators rise in their places
to-day and acquit all of us of the Administration
of ever having stained our souls hy voting for a
proposition so abhorrent to the sentiments of man-
Kind.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, before the de-
bate closes I desire merely to add one word. The
proposition known as the Crittenden resolutions
and all the petitions in its support were in favor
of the crime of human slavery. On that there is
nodoubt. Every petitioner in favor of that prop-
osition petitioned for the crime of human slavery;
the proposition itself was to establish the crime
of human slavery. The petition which I have
had the honor to present to-day, signed by ojic
hundred thousand men and women of the United
States, is for human freedom.
Mr. POWELL. One single word. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] has stated
that these petitioners who were m favor of the
Crittenden compromise were petitioners in favor
of human slavery, i do not think there was any
such thingmentioned in the petitions. There was
nothing m the Crittenden compromise measures
that put the shackles upon a single slave. They
left that matter precisely where it is under the
Constitution. They did not attempt to do it; but
there was a proposition in them that gave a large
portion of territory and dedicated it to what the
Senator would call freedom. All that the resolu-
tions did in that direction was to give further guar-
antees and securities to the protection of property
in the southern States. That was all; nothing
more; nothing less; and I am astonished to hear
the Senator speak of those petitioners coming up
here in favor of human slavery. Such is not the
fact, and if you look at the petitions they will attest
what I say to he the truth
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I rise for the
purpose of stating that i do not see that any profit-
able result can be the consequence of such a de-
bate as tins. Whatever may have been the causes
which have brought us into our present condition,
we are in it; and it is a part, as I think, becoming
the statesmen of the day to devise any and evciy
measure to get us out of it happily and prosper-
ously. To deal in harsh epithets against those
who have preceded us, to deal in such epithets to
those who are here and who have participated in
the deliberations of the past can do no possible
good. Whether they have in fact done or whether
they have been willing to do what in the sight of
God would beacrime,isa matter that peihnps can
best be settled between themselves and Heaven;
and when the day shall come when the hearts of
all shall be disclosed it may be found possibly
that those who sustained what are called the Ciit-
tenden propositions and those who were anxious
either by sustaining them or by sustaining others
to avoid tliis war, will stand at least an even chance
of mercy at the throne above with those who think
proper now—I was about to say to vilify them.
Slavery in my opinion is what 1 have heietofore
said of it; hut there are men wiser than 1 am,
more patriotic than I can pictond to be, men who
have served their country in  sphci<'H infinitely
higher than any to which I aspire, who have not
thought it a sin. The Father of his country held
in bondage his slaves up to the last moment of his
existence on earth; and can either of the Senators
from Massachusetts suppose for a moment thatat
that great day when we arc to give an account of
our deeds in this life his chance of mercy will be
less than theirs?
Mr. SUMNER. I have .simply to say in reply
to the last remark of the Senator from M,u yiand,
that George Washington appeared before his
Maker as the emancipator of his slaves.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to enter into this debate, which is somewhat
irregular at best; but as it appears to have taken
almost entirely the direction of a review of the
past I wish to add a single word, if the Repub-
lican party prevented the adoption by their acts
and votes of what was known as the Ciittenden
proposition, I wish to say to that paily that I
honor them for it; and leaving the question of
slavery or what was involved os the protection of
slavery contained in the Ciittenden proposition,
it is enough for me to base the honor that I now
bestow upon the Republican party for that trans-
action upon the fact that the Crittenden proposi-
tion was brought forward at a period of time when
a traitor Cabinet and a traitor President were
organizing war against this Government in the
South. Sir, when a single individual may retire
ordeily and propeily with a clenched fist in his
face, and make an apology to the party that ag-
gresses him, then a great nation may retire or
accept aproposition while war is being organized
against it even by the participation of the con-
stituted authorities. I honor the Republican party
or whoever put their feet upon that proposition at
that time. I had not the honor then to have a seat
in this body or in Congress; but I was honored
by a constituency in my own State with a seat in
the Legislature of that State. The Crittenden prop-
osition came up there for indorsement, and I am
very proud to nave to say to-day that, consistent
with my own ideas of personal and national honor,
I gave not only a vote but all the action that I
could give to prevent that indorsement by the
State of California.
1 am one of those who believe that the propo-
sitions contained in the Crittenden compromise
couJd not have been received without eternal dis-
honor to the American people, and I gloryin the
spnit of the men who refused to adopt it; and I
equally glory in the period that has finally evolved
and developed the movement represented by the
action of the Senator from Massachusetts this
morning. I thank God, sir, that the day is com-
ing, and that we are here as its ministers in part,
when our country shall be relieved of that curse,
that crime, and that treason which,are contained
in African slavery. I will hail the day when we
can rise up and say that it exists no more in our
land.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred to the select committee on slavery and
freedmen.
\ MODE OK ELECTING A PRESIDENT.
Mr. POWELL. In pursuance of notice given
yesterday, I present to the Senate and ask leave
to intioduce a joint resolution proposing certain
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States. I am not prepared to say that the amend-
ments-proposed all meet my approval. They were
drawn by one of the most eminent and distin-
guished citizens of Kentucky, Judge Nicholas, of
Louisville, who is one of the first lawyers and
statesmen m the valley of the Mississippi, a gen-
tleman of woith and eminence and patiiotism.
The object of these amendments is to provide the
mode and manner of electing the President of the
United States. Judge Nicholas thinks that his
proposition, to which he has given very grave
thought, will be calculated to allay party and
sectional strife, and do away with the "spoils"
system. Comingfront the source theydo, I think
I can without fear ofcontradiction state that they
are worthy of the calm consideration of the Sen-
ate. They touch upon a matter that has received
the earnest thought of many eminent statesmen
since the organization of the present Government.
I ask that the resolutions be read, printed, and
refetrcd to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Leave was given to introduce the joint resolu-
tion (vS. No. 2(5) proposing certain amendments
to the Constitution of the United States, and it
was read twice, as follows:
Rewired l<y the Senate and House of Representatives of
I he United States of .tfmericain Congress assembled, That the
Constitution of the United ►Suites be amended as follows:
artigt.e no.  .
Snc. I. Const shall at its first session after the adop-
tion of thi-< amendment, and tiom time to time thereafter,
apportion anions; the sevcial States tin: elceiois ofPiesident
and Vice President «<<-cotding to the following zatio of pop-
ulation in Federal numbers: One elector to each State
having less than a million; two to each State having one
but less than two million ; three to each having two but
le-t. than three million ; lour to each having three but less
than four million; five to each having four but h's? than six
miltkm; six to eaeh having six hut lees than einht million;
and .-even to each having em Jit milium of population. Each
State having but one elector shall he an electoral district,
and eaeh of the oilier Stntev .-hall he divided by Congress
into fl^tiiets equal to the number of it* electors,"to he com-
posed of coterminous' territory, and a-* sear may be the
distucts to have equality oi* population. j
Sj-.c. -2. The votei& oteaeli di-ttiet, qualified to \ote for j
members of the must iuuneioud luaneh of us Legislatuie,
shall elect an eleeroi
The elections foi electors shall be held during the month
of October next preceding the commencement of any pres-
idential term.
The sevetal Stale Legislature.-, shall prescribe the time
and manner for holding tho^e elections and making returns ;
thereof; also, for deciding them when contested, and mak- j
ing new election1-thmein; butCongios* may dischaige tills j
duty, in whole oi in part, when deemed ncccssaiy. I
Sec. y. The electors shall convene in the Senate Cham-
ber at the scat of Government, at noon of the first Monday
in February next preceding the commencement of the en-
suing presidential term, and form an eleetoial college.
Two thirds of all the electois elected shall be u quorum
of the college.
The Chief Justice of the United States, or in his absence
the President of the Senate, or in the absence of both, the
Speaker of the House ot Representatives shall be the pre-
siding officer of the college.
The ptesidingofiicer shall cause all the electors elected,
whether present or not, to be listed in the alphabetical order
of their names, and in that order divide them into six classes
of equal numbers, distributing by lot separately among the
sevcial classes such electors at the bottom of the list, if
any, ah aie left out in the division.
Hp shall by lot, under the supervision of one from each
class, designate the several classes by numbers from one
to six.
When a quorum is present he shall announce that the
college is formed, and note the lime at which the enunci-
ation is made; but, when necessary, the enunciation shall
be postponed until alter the veiification,by a majouty of
the electois present, of the returns and qualifications of
members.
Snc. 4. After the college is formed the electoic present
of each cla.-s shall choose an clector from the class next
succeeding it in number, except class six, which shall
choo&e fioin class one.
In open session of the college the presiding officer, under
the supervision and control of the so chosen, or a major-
ity of them, shall cause two of those six to be designated
by lot.
I'tom those two the college shall choose one, who shall
be President foi the next ensuing term of four yeaie, and
the other shall be the Vice President for that term.
The voting by class or college shall be viva voce in open
session of the college.
In cases of tie, the casting vote shall be given by the pie-
siding ofheer, who, if he be also an elector, shall* not vote
"except In cases of tie.
The college may adopt rules for expediting a decision by
the several classes, and to prevent more than two persons
fiotn receiving an equality of votes on the final vote of a
cla-si.
If there be a failure to choose one of the six from any
class within the time prcscubed by the college, the mem-
bers of that class shall themselves make the choice.
Theie shall be no reconsideration of a vote given.
Skc. 5. [f the college fail, except from extcnor violence
or intimidation, to make an election of President and Vice
President within twenty four hours fiom the time when the
college was fonned, it shall be dissolved, and the offices of
it* i lector* vacated.
Thereupon the presiding officer shall order a new elec-
tion of electors on any day, not less than thnty from the
date of his pioclamatioii,and at least thirty befoic the next
month of June, which election shall be held, ami the elect-
or eho-on shall convene at the time and place designated
by the pioclnmatton. and pioceed to the election of a Presi-
dent and Vice Pie-ulcnt as before directed, witlun twenty-
lout hums iruui the time of their formation into a college,
and under like penalty for their failure.
Should the tailure to elect be caused by exterior violence
or intimidation, the functions ot the college shall not cease,
but it shall reconvene when and whcic a majority of its
members shall by proclamation direct, and make or com-
plete an election a> befoie directed, within the time speci-
fied, under like penalty.
Sfo. 6. Should no election of President and Vice Presi-
dent be made by an electoral college before the 1st day of
June lieu ensuing the commencement of a presidential
term, the Senate of the United States shall convene in its
Chamber at noon of the fn-u Monday m July next thereafter,
constitute all its elected members, whether piesent or not,
into an eleetoial college, as .though each Senator had been
elected an eleetoi, and proceed in all le^peet^as before di-
rected, within twentj-tour houis, to choose a President
and Vice Picsident to till th" vacancy.
Should the Senate fail to elect, the discharge of the duties
of President and Vice President for the residue of that term
shull devolve upon <uch officer^oi the Government as Con-
gress shall have theretofoie directed.
Sro 7. No office '-hall b<* incompatible with that of an
elector except the office of Clnet Justice of the United
Stafs.
Skc . 8. An act or resolution passed by Congress, which
shall be returned by the Piesideut with his objections, '•hall
bo valid without his signatuie. if repassed by each iJou^e
of Congress by a vote equal to a majority of all the mem-
bers elected thereto.
Slc. 9. It shall not be deemed compatible with the duty of
a Picsident habitually to use the pationage of his office for
the special advantage of any particular political patty, or
to suffer the patronage of any subordinate office. !>o to be u-ed.
Skc. 10. should a vacancy occur m both the office of
Picsident and in th.it of Vice Picsident while there aie two
yeais remaining of the. then presidential term, the Chief
Justice of the United States, or in his ab-enee'the Secre-
tary of State, shall com ene the electoral college after tlutty
days' notice by proclamation, who shall fill the vacancies
for the remainder of the term in ail respects ;is it it weie
an original election.
Skc. It. Every elector before entering on the duties of
lus office, shall, by oath or affumation, p'tomhe to Mipport
the Constitution of the United State-', and declare that he
has not, and wiii not, pledge his vote a*. an elector in favor
of any person or toward aiding any political party.
The joint resolution was leferred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
III!POUTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was teferrcd the memorial of
E. P. and Samuel A. Wood, praying for an issue
of duplicates of certain Oregon war bonds and
