THE CONGRESSIONAL1 GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. EI YES, WASHINGTON, ;$vC.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 5, 1864.
New series.-..v.Ntr; !
3; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
* GILBERT AND GERISH.
Mr. SWEAT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution for the relief of Gilbert
& Gerish; which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution provides for refunding to
Gilbert & Gerish certain advances made to the
United States marshal of the Territoiy of Utah
in 1855, for which they have never received pay-
ment.
The jointresolution was ordered to beengrrvssfed
and read a third tfme; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. SWEAT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; arid also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RELEASE FROM DRAFT.
Mr. ECKLEY again asked unanimous conscnt
to introduce a joint resolution releasing from draft
certain persons called into service for one hun-
dred days by the Governor of Ohio.
Mr. KERNAN objected.
Mr. ECKLEY moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to introduce the bill.
Mr. KERNAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion. I see no reason why men who
have served for a hundred days should be ex-
empted from draft for three years, nor why, if
they axe to be, the joint resolution should be con-
fined to Ohio so long as other States are similarly
situated.
Mr. ECKLEY. No other State is similarly
situated. Some of these men have already been
drafted.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 18, nays 80, not voting 84; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ashley, Boyd, Cobb,
Eckiey, Frank, Ilotehkias, Asahel IV. Hubbard, Tngersoll,
Loan, McClurg, Moorhead, James R. Moiris, Spalding, Ste-
vens, Elihu B. Wa&hburue, and Windom—J8.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Aneona, Arnold, Baily, Baxter,
Blair, Boutwell, Chanler, Freeman Clfnke, Coii'ioth, Cole,
Cox, Cravens, Creswcli, Henry Wintci Duvis, Thomas T.
Davis, Dawson, Dermng, Donison, Dixon, Drig^s, Eden,
Edgerton,Eldridge. Eliot, English, Fenton, Gannon, (Jooeh,
Gribwold, Hauling, Benjamin G. Warns, Chailes M. Han is,
John H. Hubbard, Hutching, William Johnson, ICelley,
Kernan, Knapp, Law, La Blond, Littli'john, Long, Long-
year, Marcy, McBiufc, Samuel F. Miller, Motrin, DamW
Morris, Moirison, Noble, Noiton, Odell, Charles O'Neill,
Patterson, Pi'ndlrtoti, Perham, Samuel J. Randall. John II.
Rtce, Robinson, James S Rollins, ltoss, Scofield, Shan-
non, Smith, Smithes, John 15. Steele, Sweat, Thomas,
Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenbuigli, Waid, Webster, Wlia-
ley, Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Winfield, and Wood-
bridge—80.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Anderson, Augustus C. Baldvvin, John D. Bald-
win, Bi'aman, Blame, Bliss, Blow, Brandegee, Brooks,
Broomall, James S. liiown, William G. Brown, Ambrose
vv. Clark, Clay, Dawea, Donnelly, Dumont, Fnrnswortl^,
Fmek, Garfield, Gruler, Gnnncll, Hale, Hall, Hairingtou,
Heinck, Higby, Hoi man, Hoopei, Flulburd, Jenckes, Pinlip
Johnson, Julian,Kalbfleisch, Kasvon, Francis W. Kellogg,
Oilando Kellocg, King, Knox, f.azofu, Mallory, Marvin,
McAllister, McDowell, Mclndoe, McKmney, Middlelon,
William H.Miller, Amos Mjers, Leonard Myeis, Nelson,
John O'Neill, Oitli, Feiry, Pike, Pomeroy, Prict', Pruyn,
Radford, William H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Rogers,
Edwatd H. Rollins, Seh^nck, Scott, Sloan, Starr, Stub-
bing William G. Steele. Stiles, Strouhf, Stuart, Thayer,
Voorhpc-i, Wadsworth, William B. Washburn,Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, Wilson, Benjamin Wood, Fer-
nando Wood, and Teaman—M.
So the rules were not suspended.
COMPENSATION OF GLOBE REPORTERS.
Mr. DAWSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Cleik pay out of the contingent fund
to the repoitcrs of the House for the Congressional Globe
an amount equal to uventy per cent, of their compensa-
tion as such reporters for the present session of Congress.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. ALLISON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 421) to pay in part for publishing the debates
of Congress, and for other purposes; when tile
Speaker signed the same.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr.FoRNEY, their Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed, without amendment,
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 118) for the relief
of sufferers by a late accident at the United States
arsenal in Washington, District of Columbia.-
REVENUE COMMISSION.
The House, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to the consideration of the joint resolution of the
Senate (No. 78) providing for the appointment of
a commission upon the subject of raising revenue
by taxation.
Mr. MORRILL moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LE BLOND. I rise to a question of or-
der. I submit that that resolution makes an
appropriation, and must be first considered in a
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order on the ground that it is too
late, the previous question having been ordered
upon it.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that resolution for a moment, to enable
me to introduce a joint resolution to correct an
error in the tax bill.
Mr. ODELL. I hope the gentleman from Ver-
mont will not withdraw it; but I hope gentlemen
upon this side of the House will cease their ob-
jections to it, for the reason that it is a measure
requested by the new Secretary of the Treasury.
The commission which it provides for are to re-
port at the next session of Congress such inform-
ation as they may collect to enable Congress to
judge how they can best apportion the burdens
of taxation upon the country. It is an important
measure, and I hope there will be no objection
to it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
CORRECTION OP INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution to correct errors in the
internal revenue bill; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution makes various correc-
tions in the internal revenue bill, principally in
respect to referring to sections by wrong num-
bers.
Thcjointresolution wasordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
ENROLLED RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled joint resolutions of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 118) for the re-
lief of the sufferers by a late accident at the United
States arsenal m Washington, District of Colum-
bia; and
Joint resolution (S. No. 79) to increase the com-
pensation of matrons in the hospitals.
RECORD OF VOTES.
Mr. WHALEY, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to record his vote in the negative
upon the passage of the enrollment bill.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, by unanimous
consent, ubtained leave to record his vote m the
negative upon the reconstruction bill.
EXTENSION OP TIS1E.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous
consent, (at three minutes before twelve o'clock,)
a concurrent resolution was passed extending the
time of the session for ten minutes.
committee' 10 wait on tim president.
Mr. STEVENS moved that a cpmnjitte&of
three be appointed on the part of the Houso to
join,such committee as may be appointedby the
Senate to wait on the President jnfo^m him
that if he' has no further communications! to make
to Congress this two Houses are now ready to
adjourn. ' , , ,
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Stevens, ayasnbdrna of Illi-
nois, and Dawson, as such committee.,
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Seijate, by*
Mr. Forney, theirSecretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed the concurrent reso-
lution of this House extending the time ofjthe
session for ten in'inutes.
Also, that the Seriate have appointed a com-
mittee on its part to join the Committee appointed
on the part of tli6 House to wait on the President
and inform him that if he has no further com-
munication to make Congress is iio«v ready to
adjourn. " ,
pay of laborers, ETC.
Mr. A. MYERS asked consent to introduce a
resolution thatthelaborers and book-folders about
the Capitol whose salaries are less than $1,000
per annum shall be paid at that rate for the pres-
ent session of Congress.
Mr. COX. I object to that unless the gentle-
man will add also the female employes in- the De-
partments.
Washington's farewell address.
Mr. ANCONA. I move that at the close of the
proceedings of the House the Clerk read Wash-
ington's Farewell Address.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Clerk will proceed to read Washington's Fare-
well Address.
Mr. ASHLEY. I object; 1 think we had bet-
ter see whether we have any more business to do.
message from the president.
A message was received from the President, by
Mr. Hay, Iiib Private Secretary, notifying the
House that he had approved and signed an act
(H. R. No. 46) for the relief of John C. McCon-
nell.
movements op the clock.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of or-
der. That clock is going backwards. [Laugh-
ter.] Some minute.s ago it stood three minutes
before twelve, and now it is five minutes before
twclvfi •
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that he
supposes the clock has obeyed the instructions of
the House to extend the session ten minutes.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, I suppose itisgoing
the same way as the country.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh no; thegentleman means
the Democratic party. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. Let me say to the gentleman
that the clock is precisely with my watch.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, it is not with a watch
on the Democratic side of the House. [Laughter.]
REVENUE COMMISSION AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I now call up the Senate
joint resolution providing for the appointment of
• i a commission upon the su'ojcct of raising revenue
j' by taxation, upon which the previous question
I' has been-seconded,and the main question ordered.
|] Mr. LE BLOND. I rise to a question oforder,
!i That is the same lesolution which we have once
had before the House, and it is not in order to
call it up again. . ^
The SPEAKER. It is the same resolution,
but it was laid over informally, and comes up in
order under the operation of the previous ques-
tion. ,
Mr. LE BLOND. I rise to the question of
order that it makes «n appropriation and cannot
mxw be considered.
