1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
coupons attached, amounting to the sum of $7,350,
destroyed on boaid the steamer Golden Gate, sub-
mitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 105)
for the relief of E. P. and Samuel A. Wood.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Berendt A.
Froiseth, praying for the payment to him of fifty
dollars which he alleges to be due him as assignee
of Charles Colter on a voucher dated May 10,1861,
against the Government of the United States, is-
sued by the quartermaster and approved by the
colonel, W. A. Gorman, ofthe first regiment Min-
nesota volunteers, to Charles Colter, ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, the claim
having arisen under a contract, and therefore
being cognizable by the Court of Claims.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 86) to authorize the appointment of a
warden of the jail in the District of Columbia, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (H. R. No. 26) reviving the grade of
lieutenent general in the United States Army, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (PI. R.
No. 156) making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1S64, reported it
with amendments.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered, That Jaine>< Pool have leave to withdiaw his
petition and papers tiom the files of the Senate.
HOUSE BILLS ttEFKftllTSD.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. 30) tendering the thanks of Con-
gress to Major General W. T. Sherman, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, gave notice of his in-
tention to ask leave to introduce a bill pioviding
for extending the Leavenworth and Galveston
railroad and "telegraph line to intersect the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph railroad at Cameron, in the
State of Missouri.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
106) prohibiting speculative transactions in gold,
silver, and foreign exchange, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HARRTS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 107)
to establish an additional judicial district in the
State of New York; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous con/
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.^108)
relating to actingossistantpay masters m the Navy;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous con-
sen t obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. IS o. 109)
to expedite the settlement of titles to lands m the
State of California; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public Lanos,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
110) for the relief of John H. Shepherd and Wal-
ter K. Caldwell, of Missouri; which was uad
twice by its title, and referred to tin: Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
PRIMARY SCHOOLS.
Mr. GRIMES. I submit an amendment which
I intend to propose to the bill (S. No. 26) to pro-
vide for the public instruction of youth in primary
schools throughout the county of Washington, in
the District of Columbia, without the limits of the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, and 1 move
that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MANAGEMENT OF HOSPITALS.
Mr. NESMITH. If it is in order, I move that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of
the resolution submitted by me yesterday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to know
whether the resolution will lead to debate.
Mr. NESMITH. I think not. Itis absolu-
tion calling on the Secretary of War for certain
information relative to the management of hospi-
tals, and the reception, treatment,and transfer of
patients. I do not apprehend that it will lead to
any debate. If it does, 1 shall withdraw it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Wai be requested to pro-
ciuc nnd tiansimtto the Senate the lecotd of proceedings
of a com t-martial, convened in New Yoik city by virtue of
special order No. US, December 7,1883, lor the trial of
Assistant Sunjeon Webster, for lefusing topeimita danger-
ously wounded soldier to be icmoved Irom the McDougall
geneial hospital, in a cold stoim of rain, without permis-
sion of the medical dueetor of the department, together
with the defence ofthe accused lead at the tual, the find-
ing of the court, the recommendation of Us members in re-
spect to a remission of the sentence, and the decision of
Major General Dix thereon. Al-o, that the Gencial-in-
Chief of the At my be requested to lepoi tin detail what au-
thority, if any, suboidniate military commanders have, by
existing regulations, independent of the medical depart-
ment, over geneial hospitals; what distinction, if any, theie
jd in that lexpect between field or post hospitals and gen-
eial hospitals; what orders or decisions have been made
by the Secretary of War, General-in-Chief, or Suigeon Gen-
eral on the subject; and whether the interests of the sen vice
do not lequire that ail oidcis relating to the managementof
geneial ho>pitals, and theieceptum, tieatmcnt, and transfer
of patients, should pa-s tlnough the SurgconGeneral or hid
immediate representative, the medical dii ector.
Mr. WILSON. I asked yesterday to have this
resolution laid over. I thought there were some
expressions in the resolution that ought not to
be there; and I think now it would be better that
they should not be; but I do not object to its pas-
sage. I think the object sought for is an excel-
lent one. The infoimation asked for we ought
to have.
The resolution was adopted.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 28.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will itgive rise to debate ?
If it does not, I have no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware that the
Senator fiom Wisconsin was entitled to the floor
on another hill. If he desires to go on with his
remarks, of course I will withdraw my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 41)
to promote enlistments in the Army of the United
States, and for other purposes; the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of Mr. IIen"di'rson,
in section three, line five, after the woul "he,"
to strike out the words <l Ins mother, and his wife
and clnldien," and after the word "notwith-
standing," in the seventh line, to insert:
And hi® mother, hrv wife, andchildrcn shall also be fiee,
.provided that hv the laws of any State they owe service or
labor toanv prison oi penon-* who have jrivcn aid oreom-
l<n t i<i the existing rebellion a<r.unst the Government Miice
.1ul> 17, icC>.
So that the whole section will read ns follows:
That \\ hen any pej^on of Afiican descent whoseseivjce
or labor i-: elaiincd m any State under the Maws thereof
j-hall be rmi-tered into the nnhtaiy or naval seivice ot the
L'nited States,he s-hail joievor thereafter he free, any law,
u-age, or cu-tom to tno eontiarv notwithstanding; and his
inothei, his w ne, and clnldien shall aNo he fiee, ptovided
that bv the I iw-i of any State tlie\ owe .-eivice oi labot to
any p< r-nn oi ji^r-ons who have given aid oi comfort to the
e\S-un<r rebellion again-t the Government since July 17,
; and all law.- and p.uts ot jawMnconsi-tent herewith
<ue beieby H.pe.ilod.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, war and
not pence I01 our real situation. It is war 
Mr. DAVIS. Wilt the honorable Senator allow
mo just a minute' Before he proceeds with his
remarks I will observe that it is my desire to say
someth 1115; on this bill. I do not feel physically able
to perform that task to-day; but as there does not
seem to be a great deal of particular interest felt
in this bill, if he will allow me 1 will make tins
su^esuon to the Senate: when he and other
gentlemen who wish to address the Senate on (he
subject shall have concluded their rcmaiks, I will
take it kindly of the Senate to make the subject
the special order for some particular day that will
least interfere with the working hours of the Sen-
ate. My object is to consume as little of its val-
uable time that could be devoted to labor and to
business as practicable. If the Senate would have
an understanding that this subject should be mfide
the special order for Friday next for the purpose
of accommodating me I would be obliged to them
for their courtesy. But whatever the Senate may
do in relation to the matter of course I will cheer-
fully submit to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If there is any desire to
take up another bill I am perfectly willing that
this subject shall go over until to-morrow; but
there is a habit growing up here which does not
seem exactly proper. The moment a gentleman
takes the floor there are half a dozen who desire
to say this and say that, or make some sugges-
tion,until weareconstantlyinterrupted. Itseems
to me it is hardly within the rules of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope t'he Senator will excuse
me. I did not intend to interfere with his remarks
by the request that I made, and 1 hope the Sen-
ator will be permitted without interruption to con-
tinue his remarks at the present time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE addressed the Senate. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] who has
just taken bis seat baa asserted over and over
again, read extracts from the speeches of others,
and resolutions of public meetings to show that
slavery is dead. If that is so let it be buried, and
we can turn our attention and invoke the coopera-
tion of the other departments of the Government
in the work to restore peace, and with it union,
harmony, confidence, prosperity, security, and
happiness to our national Republic.
I propose to refer for a few moments to the re-
marks of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
in his speech delivered here last week. I will not
detain the Senate long.
That Senator and the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sdmnf.r] 1 understand now to occupy
precisely the same ground, though they arrive at
their positions by different roads. 1 propose now
to examine for a short time some of the positions
taken by the Senator from Ohio. He said:
" Ilave we \ hh power, and if so whence is itderived and
to what evtont can we execute it? The power to eman-
cipate a f-lave by Congie*s> oi the Pi evident certainly does
not e\ist in time of peace. Tins is an auom tn American
politics The Second Constrer---, upon the petition of Ben-
j.'tnin Franklin, declared that the national Legislature had
no powei ovet slavery in the Suites. The declaration has
been lepeateil tiy almo.-a eveiy Congrct-s since that lime.
No political patty th it has ever been organized in thiseoun-
tiy has claimed the power of inteifering with slavery in the
States. At the veiy last se^ion of Con^re^s before this war
broke out the Ilon-e of Representatives,, by a unanimous
vote, deeiaied that Congress had no power to emancipate
Mave^, and no puwei over the subject of slavery in the
State*. It \v.b >o deeiaied by the President; it was &o de-
clared in the Chicago platfurm ; it as I have said, an
auom in American politic? that Concress 1ms no power over
slavery in the slavehokling .States, that slavery is dimply a
local m-titution protected by local law, having existence
commensmate only with that local law, that Con^res* has
no power over it whatever except as that power grows out
of the cnfoicement of the provision of the Constitution of
the United States for the leeaptute ot fugitive slaves. Tins,
I believe, N admitted on all If, therefore, we have
power to emancipate, we must detive it from some other
t-ouiee, and not trom the ordnmiy powers of Congress m
time of peace.
It is equally clear that the existence of a mere insur-
leetioii in our country will not justify interference with
slavery Tins has been .settled now by many cases in our
eouib-."
The Senator has at least made a fair statement
ofthe case. I do not understand that Congress
has any power in time of war that it has not m
time of peace. Since our national existence we
have passed through two wars, and no party, no
department of the Government, no man in the
Government, no court has ever held that. Congress,
had more power in time of war than it has in time
of peace. The power of Congress in both cases
is derived from the same souice—-the Constitu-
tion ofthe United States. It can draw no power
from any other source. The claim that the Pres-
ident or Congress has power derived from war
above the Constitution is of recent origin.
But, Mr. President, extraordinary as it may-
seem, the Senator from Ohio says that we are en-
gaged in a war, that this is not^an insurrection
which we are putting down, that the war is being
