1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
convention in Arkansas refused to sign the ordi-
nance of secession this Gantt and Iiindman,as
I have heard, with violence and threats forced
them all to sign it except one man who had the
courz'gc to refuse. You have forgiven him, and
yet you tell me that you will not forgive the men
who, under his influence, were driven out of the
Union.
Thercis another gentleman, who comes from
the State of Tennessee, whom you have not only
forgiven but have given him a profitable office.
I do not question his patriotism. I do not doubt
his devotion to the country; but he has taught
some very bad doctrine heretofore, calculated,
from his high position, to mislead very many men
who are now unfortunately not in a position to
receive this amnesty.
The President of the United States, in 1861,
called upon the Governor of Tennessee for some
troops. Harris lefused to give the troops. An
address was issued by some thirteen gentlemen
indorsing the position of the Governor, and lay-
ing down for future conduct the position which
Tennessee should hold. I will read from that
document. The gentleman, R. J. Meigs,is clerk,
I believe, to a court made at the last session of
Congress, where you turned out the judges of the
oid court because you doubted their fidelity to the
Government:
"Tennessee is called upon by tiie Pi evident to furnish
Uvo regiments, and the. State has-, through her Executive,
refused to comply with tlx: call. This reiusal of our State
we fully appiove. We commend the wisdom, the justice,
and humanity of the refusal."
Why, sir, if I had said anything of that sort
before this rebellion broke out you would have
expelled me from the Seriate. To differ with you
makes us disloyal; to agree with you now wipes
out all former offenses.
" We unqualifiedly disapprove of secession, both as a
constitutional nijht and a*, a remedy toi exiting evils ; we
equally condemn the policy of the AdmimstKition in iefer-
eucc to the seceded States. But while we, withoutqual-
ifieation, condemn the policy of coeicion as calculated to
di^olve the Union loievei and to dissolve it in the blood
of our fellow citizens, and repaid it as ^mheieiu to ju-tify
the State in jcfiisin" her aid to the Government in it> at-
tempt to suppre.-s the involution in the receded States, we
do not think it her duty, con-idenng hei position m the
(Jiuon, and 111 view ot the great question ol the peace of
our dittraetod eountiy, to take sides, against the Govern-
ment. Tennessee has wion^ed no State 01 citizen of this
Union." *********
"The present duty of Tennessee is to maintain a po-
sition of independence, taking sides with the union and
peace of ihe country against all assailant?, whether liotn the
Noith or the f^outh. ilei po-mon should he to maintain
the sanctity of iiei s-oii lioni the hostile tiead of any party.
"We do not pietend to lojetell the future of Tennessee
in connection with the othei i>tate*, 01 in iciereiice to the
Fedeial Government. We do not pietend to be able to tell
the futiue puipOM's of the Pie>!deut and Cabinet m lelcr-
enee to the impending war. But should a putpo^e be de-
veloped by the. Government of overrun *iiii«j aiuNnbjugAUng
oui brcthh'n of the seceded State;, we say unequivocally
that it will he the duty ot the State toieMst at all hazaids,
at any co-t, and tnj cams, any such purpose or attempt.
And. to meet any and all emergencies, she ought to he fully
ai rneil, and we would respectfully call upon the autliot mes
of the State to proceed at once to the accomplishment of
this object.
Cl Nashville, 18, 1851.''
I find this paper signed by a number of gentle-
men, and among the rest by 11. J. Meigs.
The evil, as 1 have attempted to point out be-
fore, is this: (hat while those who planned and
aided in bringing about this revolution, this rebel-
lion, this civil war, or whatever it is, are forgiven,
those who have been misled by the high position
of the gentlemen who signed the address that I have
read, and by the high position of Mr. Gantt, are
left to suffer the consequence of their advice", no
amnesty being extended to them.
Mr. President, 1 ought to apologize for the dis-
jointed manner in which I have submitted these
remarks. I do not thinkunygontleman ought to
submit to the Senate remarks that he has not pre-
pared with more cure than [ have done these; but,
sir, they are my sentiments and my vievwson this
subject. 1 do not know how soon 1 may be called
home, and have therefore availed myself ot this
occasion to give my views without leservation or
preparation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois has made one or two remarks to
which I desire very briefly to reply. He quotes
with approbation a portion of what I said the other
day with regard to the powers of Congress in tone
of peace; but he seems to imply from what I said
that I was m favor of exercising extraordinary
powers to remove slavery. I am happy to inform
the Senator from Illinois that the poweis of Con-
gress which 1 would exercise to remove slavery
are those that he himself confesses to be proper.
In my remarks the other day I was very careful
not to state what in my view was the best plan to
abolish slavery in this country. The object 1
seek to accomplish I boldly affirm. Reflection
since tint time has further convinced me that it
is absolutely indispensable to the peace of our
country that we should remove every vestige of
slavery. I did not the othcrduy, norshall I now,
enter into a discussion of the various propositions
as to the mode of removing slavery, except that
I affirmed then, and now affirm, that it is within
the undoubted power of Congress to employ slaves
in the military service, to emancipate those slaves
as a consequence of military service, and as a ne-
cessary consequence to emancipate those persons
who are connected by domestic lies with the slaves
thus employed. To that extent I proceeded, and
that was the extent of my argument.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I certainly understood
the Senator, and F so read his speech now, that
he thought the power in Congress to abolish sla-
very, this being a civil war, was derived from the
law of nations. Am 1 mistaken?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt that in all
those States in which the rebellion has assumed
the power and magnitude of a civil war, where by
the decision of the Supreme Court they are regarded
not only as rebels but as enemies, that by the
laws of war we may emancipate every slave within
the limits of those States. I think no gentleman
can read thelnstoiy of the world which foimsthe
laws of war without coming to this conclusion.
Nor do I'«think the gentleman from Illinois has
himself contested that point. It is true he denies
that Congress may enlaige the laws of war. I
never claimed that Congress had the power to en-
large the laws of war; but I claimed that Congress
in prescribing regulations for our Anny may au-
thonze our Army, and the President, as Com-
mander-in-Chief of that Army, to wage against
these rebels all the laws and usages of war, eman-
cipation of slaves included.
But, Mr. President, theie is an easier road
iln ouah all this difficulty, a mad that is now being
indicated by public sentiment, a road that is as
plain as noonday, a road which I tiust the gen-
tleman from Illinois will ti cad with me. He says,
and he makes the significant declaration, that sla-
very is dead in this countiy. How dead? De-
stroyed ijy the civil wai; not by our acts. He
tells us that our acts, our legislation, and the proc-
lamation of the President have had no effect in de-
stroying slavery; and yet he says slavery is dead.
Mr. RICHARDSON. No.
Air. SlIER VIA N. 1 undei stood him to say so.
Mr. RICH A RDSON. I repeated what the gen-
tleman fiom Wisconsin and what the gentleman
from Ohio had said. It was not what I said, but
what they said. They said slaveiy was dead,
and 1 say if if is dead let it alone.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the Senatoi
to go further than thai, and to say that slavery
Wris dead. Well, sir, he docs not deny the prop-
osition. Then I come to the main point. Why
cannot he and those with whom he acts politi-
cally join with us in removing slavery by a con-
stitutional amendment?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Wait until the vote is
taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator asks us to
wait until the vote is taken. I will, in the sincere
hope that then we may vote together.
And, su , this is the simplest, plainest way to
get rid of slavery. Various propositions have
been introduced to that effect at this session. I
have not heretofore debated them. The first
•proposition was introduced by the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Hi:kdep.sox] to get rid of slavery
by a constitutional amendment. I hope that after
this subject is fairly discussed and deliberately
considered that there will be found the requisite
majority in both Houses of Congress in favor of
a pioposition abolishing, by constitutional amend-
ment, slavery in all the States. I believe that if
that proposition is submitted to the States, dis-
connected with all other propositions to amend
the Constitution, it will be adopted by the requi-
site number of three fourths of all the States.
There is not a non-slaveholding State m this
Union but would eagerly embrace the opportu-
nity of wiping out all that is leit of the institution
of slavery, and I believe that all the southern
States as they come back into their old places in
the Union will one by one adopt that policy > and
in this way we can get rid of this whole trouble.
It is an obvious and plain way, but until that
plan can be considered and actcd upon I am in
tavor of any other means to get rid of slavery.
There was another remark made by,the Sena^
tor from Illinois in which he evidently misappre-
hended what I said the other day. He said that
I treated these rebels simply as enemies subjcct
only to the laws of war; and he says, if that is
their relation, there is no way for us but to con-
quer them or to treat with them. Why,.sir,
this question has been decided already by the Su-
preme Court. That court has, in so many words,
said that we may treat these rebels both as ene-
mies and as rebels. We may wage against them
the laws of war, and we may enforce against them
the municipal laws; we may punish them as trai-
tors and we may treat them as enemies. The
laws of war are but the modified rules practiced
among civilized nations as between public ene-
mies. They do not prevent us^from punishing
the leaders of this rebellion as traitors. It is true
that while their military power exists, while they
are recognized by us as belligerents, while they
hold the position'of being at war with us, we can-
not hang them according to our civil law; but the
very moment that resistance is borne down by
our superiorstrengih, then we may treat them as
rebels and punish them as such.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do notdeshe to do the
Senator from Ohio injustice. I certainly under-
stood him the other day to go to the full extent that
this was war. I understood him to assume that
if we were to capture Jeff. Davis we could not do
anything with him exccpt what was authorized
by the rules of war,
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator, if he will read
what I said, will find I said expressly that if we
captured Jeff. Davis to-day, we could not hang
him until wesubdued theopposingmilitarypower*
That is the decision of the Supreme Court, if I
correctly apprehend it. That court, in so many
words, say that as against this rebellion or those
enemies we may wage the laws of war, and after
we have overthrown their military power then we
may tieat them as rebels, and punish them in the
mode prescribed by our law. That is precisely
what I said. We cannot try Jefferson Davis under
our civil law until we have broken down the mili-
tary power of the rebels which makes them bel-
hgeients. These distinctions and these principles
are obvious.
But the Senator brings into the Senate the ar-
gument that is so often heard on the stump, that
while we desire to depiive white men of their
rights, we are very anxious to secure freedom to
the negro. No man is moic sensitive of the
rights of an American citizen than I am, nor than
I think 1 have shown myself to be; but, sir, as
against an enemy, or a man who in time of war
aids the enemy, no treatment can be too severe.
What I said about Mr. Vallandigham the other
day grew outof this very position. Mr. Vallan-
digham, by the decision of a military tribunal,
sanctioned and sustained by the highest United
States judge in our State, had placed himself in
the position of a public enemy. It was not sim-
ply as a man who talked as a certain party talk in
our State, and, indeed, all over the country, who
could find occasion to denounce everything that
was done by the Government, and to extenuate
everything that was done by the rebels, who could
find no good at all in those who are compelled to
administer the Government,and no harm in those
who are waging war against the Government.
The motive of such opposition may be harmless
or justifiable, or may be but the latitude granted
to free discussion; but in the case of Mr. Vallan-
digham it exceeded these limits. It was found by
the decision of a military tribunal that that gen-
tleman had committed such acts in the State of
Ohio as placcd him in the category of a public
enemy. I say that by the laws of war he may
be seized even in a loyal neighborhood, and may
be punished according to the laws of war. Mr.
Vallandigham in h>s position was not less a pub-
lic enemy bccause he carried on his enmity with-
in the State of Ohio, if he had been seized in
the State of Tennessee, or within the lines of
military operations, every one would have said
that he would be subjcct to court-martial, and
