1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1587
occur to the gentleman from Maryland that pos-
sibly at a futute day when (he history of tluVt civil
strile shall ha\o been teproduced in this land an-
otherChnfliam may come to this House and hurl
against those vv ho ate now in power these bittei
denunciations becouse they have shown them-
selves unable to make 011 honorable peace even as
they have been unable to nuke a victorious war?
The gentleman from Maryland besought the
House never to be swerved from its fixed purpose
to prosecute the war "with the last dollar and
the last man." Sit, his reading toid him such
stinging exhortation would full soon be needed.
In November, 1761, after Cornwalhs had surren-
dered Yorkfown and the last battle of the Revo-
lution had been fought, the House of Commons
in its address to the throne assured his Majesty
that it would vote all the resources of the empire
to suppress rebellion in America. In March of
the next year, in theeaily spring, in less than six
months,thai same House ofCommons voted those
were enemies to the' t-eahn who advised the fur-
ther piosccution of the war. And here this House
this morning voted down the Crittenden resolu-
tion, which less than tin ee years ago was passed
with only two dissenting votes.
The gentleman from Maryland paid a splendid
tribute to the power of public. opinion. He com-
pared it to the sea, whose tidal waves obey the
fickle biddingof the moon, and roll and swell and
sway with restless and resistless force, and yet
constitute the level from which all height is meas-
ured. "But, like the ocean," said he, ** it has
depths whose eternal stillness is the condition of
its stability. These depths of opinion are not
free." Did he forget what
 "WooM 1 he --hiiiy bottom of the deep
And muek'-d the d. id hone* whieh lay scattered by?"
<{ Wli.it of uu!> death within mine eyes,!
Meihou^lit 1 : aw a rhou>aud icaihil vvieeks
u All ^catteied in the bottom of file sea."
Sir, if there be depths of public opinion where
eternal stillness leigns, thene gather, even as fes-
tetmg death lies in those ocean depths, the de-
caying foimsof truth, and right, and fieedom.
Eternal motion is the condition of their purity.
Did he think this resolution would for one instant
retard its progress? Did he not know that the
surging waves would wash away every trace of
its existence? Did he suppose this puny cffoit
would avail him? The rocks of the eternal hills
aloiM- can stay the waves of the ever roiling s<_a.
Nothing but the principles of truth and tight can
stay the on ward pi ogress of public opinion in this
our country as it swells and sways and sniges 111
this mad tempest of passion and seeks to find a
secure resting place.
The gentleman exhorted his friends to accept
the issue, absolute victory ot absolute rum; and
thfn he painted the absolute ruin of this Govern-
ment. liven he could conceive it possible. lie
deeenbed this home of liberty deseited; this tem-
ple 1 eared by out lathers destroyed; its giace and
symmetry and beauty gone; its pillars fallen; lt.s
walls ibiown down; and amid "this chaos of
rum " tho^e who accept this issue, hi ave, determ-
ine d, teaifill, soriowmg, overwhelmed with it m
a eomnioo fate. He exhorted his ft lends m this
House and in the country—heexpres^ly excluded
you, my follow Democrats, and your constituents
—to accept this alternative. Do it, he exclaimed,
and let the woild know that this age has produced
lie 1 oic children upon whom Heaven has visited the
sins of their fathei s.
Sir, I ttufct m God the catastrophe may never
come. I trust that the ages, as they roll on, will
not thus be called to pass judgment on the men
of these days. I'm, if it must he so, my imagin-
ation pictures another scene. When yourwork
shall be accomplished, when your mission shall
be execuu d, when out Constitution is dead, when
our libel ties aie gone, when our Government is
dcstioyed, when these States—no loii'j< 1 held se-
cuie m tin n prop* r position by the power of our
matchless Constitution, so that tiny emulate m
accordant action the stars, as by the divine decie^
they encircle in their mysterious courses the foot-
stool of the eternal throne, and extract from the
luuntony of conflicting elements the Uuc music
of the spheres—shall have given place to {£ States
discordant, dissevered, belligerent, to a land rent
willi civil teudsanddienchedin fraternal bloods"
history will hold its dread inquest, and in the pres-
ence of appalled humanity will render judgment
that base and degenerate children, deserting the
teachtfv/fcs of then- fathers, deserting the teachings
of the past, departing from the waysof pleasant-
nessand peace, rebelling against the wisdom and
beneficence of the Almighty, with hearts filled
with pride and souls stained with fanaticism and
passion, struck the matricidal blow, and at the
same moment indignant and outraged Heaven
wreaked upon them the just lettibution of*their
terrible and nameless crime.
Mr. A. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, I hardly
know whether to say that this is a glorious or a
sad day for the Republic. I make use of that ex-
pression because we may think it a sad day for
this country when men can arise in this Hall and
announcedoctrines such as are contended for by
tiaitors in arms. But, sir, it may be a glorious
day for us, in this, I had almost said the darkest
hour of our nation, to know who here sympathize
will tuason. Tins knowledge will set ve to unite
all putt lots of cvtiy patty. I believe that the
scenes which we have witnessed here for the lust
two or three days, and the declarations that have
been made,aie to be amongthe things which will
aid m leading us to victory, because the country
will see who ate its friends and enemies.
We have had biought into [his discussion
eminent men living, and had exhumed for our
admiration the opinions of the eminent dead.
When I heaid men who have ability, on that side
of the Cham be 1, speak of the pah iotism of a Pi 11,
and others in the Knglish Parliament,and wish to
assimilate theit positions to that assumed by de-
clared treason 011 this floor, I eonsideted it a
double insult—an insult to the memoiy of the
English patriots, and an insult to the memoiy of
the fatheis ofour revolutionary struggle.
1 propose, Mr. Speaker, to look at tins matter
not as a politician. We have had too many po-
litical stump speeches on it already. There is a
gieatdilfereuce between ihe case ol Pitt and Chat-
ham and that of the honotable membei from Ohio.
It is, perhaps, not right for me to refer to the
other gentleman whowas an honorable member
of this House unnl by the vote of censure he be-
came a dishonorable one. Sir, to compare Wil-
bam Pitt and Chatham, who stood up for the col-
onies fighting because they were taxed without
representation, to a man who is giving aid to
rebel Stales which are fighting against a Govern-
ment which had j;iven them while slave States
and in the Union t e present at ion without taxation,
the attempt to make cases like these pat all el, is an
insult to the dead as well as to the living.
We have before this high court a man charged
with cume—not the crime of overt, but of ex-
pressed treason. Must this House wait before we
can expel a man until he has ins weapons in his
hands? Shall we delay action until the gentle-
man fiom Ohio, who is now clanged bel'oie this
I louse, is caught with a revolver 111 his hand in
the set vice of Jul'. Davis? Ate we bound to
wait until he cute: s the rebel at my befoie w< can
exclude or censure him? That, s>ir, would em-
phatically be " locking the stable dooi after the
hotse had been stolen.'5
We have on several occasions had gentlemen
upon the other side of the House, limn time to
time, but always at the wrong tune, bringing lor-
waid propositions to pay out soldtets and sea-
men in gold, and among these patriotic gentlemen
was the one whose case is now under considera-
tion. Aitet this, whenever we lu ar gentlemen
on the other side of this House ogam proposing
to pay the soldieis and stamen in gold, the next
declaration we may exp<ct to heat fiom the same
source will be that they are in lav&r of a recog-
nition rutin 1 than the subjugation of the southern
confederacy.
i am somewhat surprised to hear opposition
menib. rs fVorn the State of Pennsylvania speak
with indignation of the usurpations,as they say,
of this Aduumsuaiion and the violations of the
Constitution of winch it has been guilty in car-
rying on this war. Why, sir, we hear men talk
upon this floor as though the piesent Administra-
tion had violated the Constitution m e\cry article,
in its letter and in ns spirit too. Do they not
know that 111 times of war y,pu cannot always be
governed by the same rules os in times of peace;
Do they not know or have they forgotten that in
the State of Pennsylvania the man they loved so
well and of whose private character they may
perhaps be so justly proud, who was their stand-
ard-bearer last-fall, that he ten years ago declared
that doctrine in substance? Yes, sir, this same
candidate declared deliberately in a decision de-
livered by him on the bench of the supreme court
of Pennsylvania—and i call the attention of-the
House to it—that
" In adequate emergencies martial law suspends the writ
of habeas corpust infliet-s summary punishment, appropri-
ates puvatc pioporty without jegard to the guatanteos of
the Constitution ; inter arma silent leges*"—SkmylessVs.
Mayor of Philadelphia, 9 flams, 178.
There, sir, you have the doctrine of one of the
able men of the Democratic party of our own
State. And we hear gentlemen upon this floor
in every debate speaking of the violation of the
Constitution upon the part of this Government
by confiscation, by a suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus, by the arnugnmentand trial of men
without jury, and sending Vallandigham within
the rebel lines.
But, sir, these things are only indirectly perti-
nent to the question before the House. Shall we
expel this member? I have not read the rule of
this House winch requires that you must draw
up an indictment with len or fifteen counts in it
before you can try and expel a member. Gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the Chamber aeem
to think that when the Speaker arraigned this
member he should have drawn an elaborate in-
dictment with </u<m-charges and counts in it. As
I understand our rules and our Constitution, they
require no such thing. The only form which ia
necessaiy for this House to expel a member for
the uttciauce of an objectionable sentiment issim-
piy to state briefly the gtound of objection in the
te.solution. Sir, plant Saxon would suit me and
my constituents in such cases; but the elegant
diction of the Speaker I have no doubt is better
suited to this body. The men who are fighting
our battles would come to the point very much
sooner and dwell upon it more briefly than law-
yets would. Were the matter given them to de-
cide, then* only resolution would be: <tResolvedt
That the member from Ohio be taken neck and
heels and thrown out." That is about the way
a soldier would express i<; but it would not do in
this House. The Speaker knew such words would
not be exactly parliamentary, and therefore he
adopted the language of the resolution before us.
Now, sir, L propose to ptove what the resolu-
tion charges from the gentleman'sown speech in
the few moments in which 1 shall trouble the
House, and I do nut propose to trouble the gallery.
These galleries seem to be a nuisance to some mem-
bers here 1 know not why, unless it be from the fact
that their applause accompanies the debate upon
only one side of this question, and that is not from
the quarter over the way. No wonder, wl^en we
see so many blue coats occupying the space be-
hind us, that they have no approbatory feet of
joy at the expression of sentiments such as we
have heard on the other side of the House. I will
call no man a traitor in this House. It would be
haidly polite, it would certainly not be parlia-
ment ai y, unless it wei e just at such a point where
my honotable fueud fiom Indiana [Mr. Orth]
caught the word last night. I purpose showing
that- the honotable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Loktg.] whose caseue have under consideration,
feels like a traitor, speak# like one, and enter-
tains then* opinions. When a man feels like a
ttaitoi, when a man talks like a traitor,and when
a man boldly exptesses the sentiments of a trai-
tor, he has no nghtto a place upon this floor.
You may judge* hnn by bis own declarations. A
man who falls into ihegutlt of crime neverreaches
that point at once. He may be innocent at first.
He may delay at first. When, however, he hat
got half way lie does coolly and deliberately what
he would have shrunk from with horror at the
beginning.
My honorable friend fiom Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] anticipated some of my points. I am glad
to agree with my honorable friend who has graced
the judicial bench, i am happy to reach the same
conclusion as does a gentleman of such ability,
1 would not be understood to say thatgreat minds
run in the same channel so far as I am concerned.
How does the gentleman from Ohio open his
argument? He says:
" A httle over thr<-e years ago the present occupant of
the presidential mansion, at the other end of the avenue,
eame into this city under cover of night, dn-giused in piuWJ
