1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. EXTENSION OF TIME.
The message''just received from the Senate ex-
tending the time of the session for ten minutes
was taken up,and«the resolution adopted.
CilABLKS A. HICKBORN'.
Mr. WHALEY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions Senate bill No. 303, for the relief of Charles
A. Hickborn. - .
The bill was read. It provides for placing
QhftrlepA. Hickborn, infant son of a late con-
tract surgeon, upon the pension roll at the rate of
twenty dollars a month, until he shall arrive at
the age of sixteen years.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It occurs to
me that that bill is a departure from the uniform-
practice of the Government in relation to grant-
ing pensions. I should like to hear an explana-
tion of it before I can vote for it.
Mr. WHALEY. I will state to the gentle-
man from Illinois that the Senate passed the bill
and it was received here and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions too late to giveit
much examination; but supposing that the Sen-
ate would not have passed it if it had not been
right, 1 have reported it back.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As thegen-
tleman acknowledges that his committee have not
considered the bill, 1 move to recommit it to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
FURTHER EXTENSION OF TIME.
A message was received from the Senate in-
forming the House that the Senate have passed a
concurrent resolution extending the time of the
session for ten minutes longer, until half past
twelve o'clock, p. m.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the resolution
was, by unfinimous consent, taken up and adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. EDEN called for the yeas and nays on
the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 13, not voting
85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Aneona, Ashley, llriily,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, liiair, Boyd, Cobb, Coffroth,
Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes,
Daw-on, Denuusi, Dcni.soii, Dixon, Driggs, Eekley, Edger-
ton, Eldridge, Eliot, English, Fenlon, Pi link, Ganson, Gar-
field, Gonch, Gnswold, Charles M. Harris, Iligby, Hooper,
llotchkiss, Asahel VV. Hubbard, John II. Hubbaid, Iiiger-
soll, Jenckes, Kelley, Koninn, Knapp, Law, Le Blond,
Llttlejolm, Loan, Loneveai, Marcy, Mcllride, MeCling,
Samuel F. Miller, William II. Miller, Moorhrad, Montll,
Daniel Motris, Amos Myers Odell, Charles O'Neill, Per-
liam, Samuel J. Randall,William (I. Randall, John II. lliee,
James S. Rollins, Selieiick, Scolield, Shannon, Siriithers,
Spalding, John B. Steele, Stevens,Thomas, Tracy, Upson,
Van Valkenlnirgli,Elihu 11. Washbuine,William B. Wash-
burn, Webster, VVlialey, Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Win-
dom, Winfield, and Woodbridge—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, (.'hauler, Cole, Eden, Hardin!!,
William Johnson, Long, Momson, Norton, John O'Neill,
Ross, Smitli, and Ward—13.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Anderson, Augustus C. Baldwin, Beaman,
Blaine, Bliss, Blow, Boutwell, Braudegee, Brooks, Broom-
all, James S. Blown, William G. Brown, Ambrose W.
Clark, Fieeman Clarke, Clay, Cox, Ciavens, Donnelly,
Dumont, l''arnsworlh, Finek, Gi ider, Grinnell, Hale, Hall,
Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Herriek, Hohnan, Hul-
burd, Ilntehms, Philip Johnson, Julian, Kallifietsch, Kas-
son, Fianeis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, King, Knox,
Lrizear, Mallory, Mnrvm, McAllister, McDowell, Mclndoe,
McKiuney, Middleton, James It. Morris, Leonard M}ers,
Nelson, Noble, Oith, Patterson, Pendleton, Perry, Pike,
Pomeroy, Puee, Piuyti, Itadford. Alexander H. Rice, Rob-
inson, ltosiers, Eihvaul II. Rollins, Scott, Sloan, Starr,
Stehbins William G. Steele, Stiles, Stroube,Smait, Sweat,
Tliaver. Voorhees, Watlswoitb, Chilton A. White,Joseph
W. White, Wilson, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood,and
Yeaman—85.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
ENROLLED RESOLUTION.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 123) to correct errors in the internal reve-
nue bill; when the Speaker signed the same.
REPORT FROII THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. STEVENS, from the committee appointed
to wait on the President of the United States, re-
ported that the committee had discharged the duty
imposed upon them, and that the President had'
informed them that he had no further communi-
cation to make, except to send a " God bless
you" to each of the members.
CLOSE OF THE SESSION.
The hour of twelve o'clock and thirty minute^
having arrived,
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen of the House of
Representatives, the hour of adjournment has
arrived,and I wish you, one and all, a happy re-
union with family and friends in the charmed circle
of home. Thanking you for the kind and generous
manner in which you have sustained me in the ad-
ministration of the difficult and responsible duties
o£,this chair, and hoping and trusting, when we
reassemble in these Halls next December, Provi-
dence may have so crowned the endeavors of our
heroic defenders in the field that we may be per-
mitted to rejoice over the full realization of the
prayer of so many millions of your constituents,
" God save the American Republic," I do now, in
accordance with the concurrent resolution of both
Houses, declare the first session of the House of
Representatives of the Thirty-Eighth Congress
of the United States adjourned sine die.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 4, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal was
dispensed with.
SPECIAL INCOME TAX.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no objection, 1
move to postpone all prior ordeis, with a view to
take up the joint resolution from the House of
Representatives which is now on the table.
Mr. MORGAN. I suggest to the Senator that
that had better be deferred afew moments to allow
Senators to come in.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
it to proceed as far as its passage 1 shall have no
objection to allowing it to go over fora time if the
Senator desires it.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 120) imposing a special income duty
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that in
addition to the income duty already imposed by
law, there shall be levied, assessed, and collected
on the 1st day of October, 1864, a special income
duty upon the gains, profits, or income for the
year ending the 31st of Decembei next preceding
the time named for levying, assessing, and col-
lecting the duty of all persons residing within the
United States, or of citizens of the United States
residing abroad, at the rate of five per cent, on
all sums exceeding $G00, winch is to be levied,
assessed, and collected, except as to the rate, ac-
coi ding to the provisions of existing laws for the
collection of an income duty where not inappli-
cable. The Secretary of the Treasury is autlior-
j i/.ed to make such rules and regulations as to lime
i and mode or other matters to enforce the collection
| of this special income duty as may be necessary.
; In estimating the annual gams, profits, or income
for this special income duty, no deduction is to be
made for dividends or interest received from any
association, corporation, or company, nor isany
deduction to be made for any salary or pay re-
ceived.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
and reati the third time.
Mr. MORGAN. I think the resolution had
better lie over for the present until the Senate is
full.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we have a quorum
now.
Mr. MORGAN. This is a very important
measure, and there are some Senators not now
hero who would like to be piesentwhen the vote
is taken upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. We passed this same prop-
osition the other day after debate. If the Sen-
ator desires it to lie over I have no objection, but
I hope the Senator will allow it to pass.
Mr. MORGAN. I have no objection to its
passing at any time; I am ready to vote for it
now, but I think it is due to Senators who take
an interest" ift it that they should be a'lUywed "tiff
opportunity to be present "WbMi it ftrwb&vott#
upon.- • *t
Mr. SHERMAN; I will say to the Seriate
from New York that there isnota single Senator
but what knew this resolution was to eome up
this morning for final action. *• We had it under
discussion on Saturday night. We passed a Sim-
ilar proposition the other day after full discussion
by a very large vote.
Mr. TEN EYCK. .1 hope the Senator from'
New York will waive his objection, and let this
joint resol utioii be put upon its passage, and upon
that question i call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON. It isonly nine o'clock, and'
there are a good many Senators who I know'
want to be here when this resolution is acted upon.
I think it had better lie on the table for the pres-
ent.
Mr. CONNESS. There was a very fall Sen-
ate on Saturday night, and it was the general as-
sent of all the Senators present that this joint
resolution should pass without any objectiou,an4
certainly it is due to Senators who have bcen.ia
their places this morning. I hope it will not be
longer delayed. . ■
Mr. SUMNER. But was: there any under-
standing that the resolution should be passed with-
out amendment? - r- .-
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir. There is no quo-
rum in the other House, and it must pass that
way.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the question ?
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The question
is on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. HALE. Has the resolution been read the
third time?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 think it had better go over
for the present and let the yeas and nays be called
upon it,and in the mean time wecahtransact such
business as can be done by unanimous consent.
Mr.SHERMAN. I have not the slightest ob-
jection if Senators desire it. Let the yeas and
nays be ordered, if desired, and then let it go over.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. TEN EYCK. They have been asked for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not the joint resolution
open to amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, It is not.
Mr. SUMJNER. Then 1 understand that the
Senate proposes to adjourn without providing ad-
ditional taxation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I need not inform the Sen-
ator that according to the Constitution we cannot
originate taxes, and the House of Representatives
is in such a condition thatprobably we had better
pass this without attempting to impose any addi-
tional taxes.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator has not read the
Constitution very recently when he says what he
does.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say we cannot originate
a tax bill. We can amend this resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. We cannot originate such a
measure, but we can amend this. We now have
complete jurisdiction of this whole question. The
language of the Constitution is as follows:
" All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the Hous«
of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur
with amendments as on other bills.15
Therefore, the whole question of taxation is
now open on thisjoint resolution. We may meet
all the demands of the late Secretary of the Treas-
ury, we may meet all the demands of the country
on thisjoint resolution. Any amendment can be
proposed and carried, completely within the pro-
vision of the Constilution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to appeal to the
Senator fiom Massachusetts, inasmuch as the
joint resolution that he is speaking upon cannot
now be considered, or as it is understood it shall
be postponed informally, to allow me to call up
House bill No. 421, the bill relating to the Con-
gressional Globe.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object to this joint
resolution being laid aside until we can have a
vote. The Senator from Massachusetts has made
up his mind to propose amendments to it. We
might as well dispose of the question at once, be-
cause it is not open to amendment without a re-
consideration; we might as well have the ques-
tion settled now as at any other time. I trust,
