542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
might be tried and hung or shot. He was not the
less a public enemy because he was carrying- on
his active opposition to the Government in the
State of Ohio, than if carried on in the State of
Tennessee.
Mr. President, I do not think that any party in
this country desires to deprive the white men of
our country of any of their constitutional rights.
This is an allegation that is very often made; but
there is no foundation for it. The Administra-
tion party, the Union party that now controls
the-Government, are as anxious to preserve the
rights of individuals as the Senator from Illinois.
This talk about the desire of the President, or the
desire of the party to protect the rights of the ne-
gro at the sacrifice of the rights of the white man
is, to say the least of it, empty declamation. If
that idea could be instilled in to the American
mind, you would make rebels of the whole Amer-
ican people, because we are proud and sensitive.
Senators ought to be cautious before they lend
the weight of their names to such a proposition.
The President of the United States is not an
especial favorite of mine, and yet I will say this:
1 have seen nothing in his conduct to show that
he would desire to trample upon the rights of a
single American citizen. He has been kind and
lenient and forbearing, yielding sometimes when
he ought not to have yielded. 1 have never known
a case in the history of this war where he has
willfully trampled upon the rights of an American
citizen; nor do I believe he will do so. If he was
.actuated by bad motives, if he was a dangerous
man using his vast authority for the purpose of
overthrowing the liberties of the people, 1 would
be ready to step to the side of the Senator from
Illinois and resist him even to the extent of war;
but I do not believe there is any such case. There
is no man within the limits of the United States
who has reason to believe that the President of
the United States desires to overthrow this Gov-
ernment and deprive the white men of the coun-
try of their liberty; nor do I believe the Senator
from Illinois really in his heart thinks so; and
yet these constant reiterations of this statement
that the President and his party are endeavoring
to subvert the rights of the white men of the
country in some way or other will have a very
injurious effect, and l think it ought not to be re-
peated here.
Mr. President, I have said all I desire to say in
correction of some of the statements made by the
Senator from Illinois. J again repeat what 1 said
the other day, that I believe it is our duty at this
session of Congress, by some cat efully considered
act, to do all we can to wipe slavery out of ex-
istence in the United States; that the best, plain-
est, and broadest road is by proposing to the States
amendments to the Constitution; thatbesides that
we may authorize the employment of negroes in
our Army and secure them their emancipation.
We may, to the extent of our power , i n other ways
aid in the abolition of slaveiy. I believe that it
is our duty to close up this troublesome contro-
versy at this session, and I think the Senator from
Illinois ought to join with me in doing it.
What would be the effect ofa broad act of eman-
cipation ? Suppose we had no slavery in this coun-
try. Where then would be this angry excite-
ment, this angry turmoil that for ycats lias dis-
turbed our party politics? The occupation of
many who have been exciting the people of the
country both North and South on this subject
would be gone. The time has arrived when we
should reap the great fruit which springs out of
this civil war; when we may make our institu-
tions more harmonious, when we may remove
from our Government that feature which has been
obnoxious to every just mindfrom its foundation;
that feature which was denounced by all the train-
ers of the Government. If by the saci ifice of thou-
sands of lives and millions of money we can not
only preserve the Union but can remove from our
system this incongruous clement, it will be money
wisely spent and lives nobly sacrificed.
I would not have entered into this war nor
would I have waged it for the purpose of freeing
the negroes of the country; but since we are in it,
since these rebels have themselves by their act
of war given us the power to strike at slavery, I,
for one, am in favor of doing it. Since they are
at open war with us 1 would avail myself of this
action of theirs by a constitutional amendment to
wipe out every vestige of slavery. Then the States
that are now acting harmoniously in the Govern-
ment and the States that shall hereafter conic in
with us and take their places by our side, both
new States to be formed out of the Territories and
the disloyal Statesof the South that shall return,
will give us the requisite consent by a majority of
three fourths of the States, and then this problem
and controversy will cease and determine. I be-
lieve it will nevercease until the cause of the war
is ended by a great act of emancipation.
Mr. RICH ARDSON. The Senator from Ohio
does not answer the question I propounded to him
in reference to Mr. vallandigham. There is no
dispute about the facts in his case. We all un-
derstand what was done. Where did they get
the authority? The Senator says that if Mr. Val-
landigham had done inside ofour lines, in the State
of Tennessee, what he had done in Ohio, a mili-
tary court-martial could have tried him; and why ?
There was no law in Tennessee but military law.
But while the courts were open in Ohio, if he was
a public enemy, contributing to this rebellion,he
was guilty of treason, and ought to have been tried
by the laws.
Mr. SAULSBUItY. If my friend fiom Illinois
will pardon me, I should like to make this in-
quiry: what did Mr. Vallandigham do in Ohio
which, if done in Ohio or anywhere else, would
give the Government power to court-martial him?
Mr. RICIIAUDSON. I do not desire to get
into any collateral controversy on this point. I
do not myself admit even that he did anything of
the sort. But even admitting it, the courts were
all open in Ohio; there was no pretext for the ex-
ercise of military power at all; he was neither in
the naval nor military service of the Uni^pd States;
and where did you get your authority to do what
was done? Sir, it was a clear'violation of the
Constitution.
The Senator says in reference to the President
of the United States, and probably I will make
some admission on that point, that he is kind-
hearted and has allowed a great many men to go
free whom he ought not to have let go free. I do
not know how that is. The Senator from Kan-
sas [Mr. Pomkroy] says it is so, and the Senator
from Ohio says it is so; and I suppose they have
examined the subject. But I will toll you what
he has not done. lie has not restrained his sub-
ordinates in striking down the guarantees of the
Constitution of the United States which were
thrown as a broad panoply around every Ameri-
can citizen wherever he may be. That is my re-
ply, so far as the President may have done those
acts himself. It is his duty to restrain_his sub-
ordinates. They have done the oppiession; they
have violated the law; they have tiampled upon
the Constitution; and he being the only power
that could restrain them, and not doing it, he is
responsible for their acts.
I will say to the Senator from Ohio, in reply to
his observation in reference to the constitutional
mode which lie now points out of amending the
Constitution on the subject of slavery, that I do
not know what objection there is to submitting
that question to the States and allowing them to
act upon it; but I was replying to the heicsies,
the dangerous and monstrous doeti tnes, that I find
in the speech of the Senator from Ohio. I did not
intentionally misrepresent the Senator. I cer-
tainly unduistood him mostclearly and positively
to take the gi ound that this being a civil war, the
parties to it bring belltgeients, the laws of nations
conferred upon Congress the power to abolish
slavery without any other enactment whatever.
I so slated at the time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I again lepeat that in those
States which are recognizcdas belligerents I think
there is no doubt on that point; and the gentleman
can scarcely controvert that by the laws of war
the Government of the United States have the right
to emancipate their slaves and employ them in
their armies, and that as Congress prescribes the
mode and manner in which our armies shall be
used Congress may dneet the application of that
Anny.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am not discussing the
| question of what force Congress may employ and
wiiat it may not.
The Senator referred to precedents in history
the other day to show that nations in all time
had employed then slaves in war. I shall enter
into no discussion in reference to that point. That
is not the question in issue between the gentle-
man and myself. The question in issue between
us is this: can you legislate upon the property of
a belligerent, your enemy, before you have con-
quered him ? I say you cannot. The gentleman
has not controverted that point. What you may
do after you have conquered him is another ques-
tion. I am* not discussing that question. I have
not investigated it. I have not thought about it.
When the time comes to think about it and to
discuss it I shall do so.
This controversy, therefore, Mr. President,
leads us to precisely where it found us, I imag-
ine. I certainly did not intend to misrepresent the
gentleman in any particular in any position he
has taken, it was not my purpose to do so. I
thought I made a fair statement, as I certainly en-
deavored to make afair statement, of his position.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until Thurs-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
EXAMINATION OF OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the bill
(S.No. 85) to provide for the examination of cer-
tain officers of the Army.
The motion was agieed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs that every quartermaster
and assistant quartermaster, and every commis-
sary and assistant commissary of subsistence,
and every paymaster and additional paymaster,
shall, as soon as practicable, appear for examin-
ation as to his qualifications before a board to be
composed of three officers of the corps to which
he belongs, of recognized merit and fitness, which
board shall make a careful examination as to the
qualifications of all officers who may appear be-
fore them in pursuance of this act, and shall also
make a full and true record of the examination in
each case.
Hoards of examination are to be constituted,
under the direction of the Secretary of War, by
the Quartermaster General,the Commissary Gen-
eral of Subsistence, and the Paymaster General,
at convenient places, and general rules of exam-
ination and a standard of qualifications are to be
prescribed by those officers, subject to the ap-
proval of the Secretary of War, and are to be pub-
lished in general orders.
After the board shall be constituted, and after
the general orders shall have been published for
a period of ninety days, none of the officers men-
tioned in the first section of this act are to re-
ceive any pay, allowances, or emoluments, until
they shall have appeared before llie proper board
of examination; but if any officer shall be unable
to appear before such board by reason of sick-
ness or wounds, he shall, upon the certificate of
a medical officer of the Army, or of a practicing
physician, when a medical officer of the Anny is
not accessible, he entitled to receive the usual and
lawful pay and allowances until such disability
shall cease to exist, unless sooner discharged or
dismissed from the service, and thereafter he is
to receive no pay or allowances of any kind until
he shall lntve appeared before the pioper boaid
of examination.
If the board of examination shall report that
any oflicerdoes not possess the requisite business
qualifications, they are to forward the record of
the examination of such officer to the head of
the bureau to which he may belong, and if the
head of such bureau shall approve the finding and
report of the board, the officer so failing in his
examination shall, if commissioned, be dismissed
fiom the service with one month's pay, and if not
yet commissioned his appointment shall be re-
voked. If the board shall report that any officer
fails to pass a satisfactory examination by reason
of intemperance or vicious habits, and if the head
of the bureau shall approve the finding and report
of the board as to his lack of the requisite busi-
ness qualifications, then such officer is to be dis 
missed fiom th" service without pay, and is not
to be permitted to reenter the service as an officer;
but such dismissal is not to relieve him from lia-
bility, under existing laws, for any offense he may
have committed.
The boards of examination are to forward all
their records of examination to the heads of the
bureaus to which they appertain,and such records
aie to be filed in the proper bureaus with a suit-
able index, and any officer who may desire it is
