THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juljr^
therffo^e.we ah all settle it. now. If the Senator,
foopi Massachusetts aiovesto'reconsider, I shall
resist it, and we can have a vote whether the Sen-
ale will5 open this resolution' to diijooSsion and
consideration with a view to amend it.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like tornove a tax
<?n whisky, on hand.
-,-Mr. SHERMAN, Thattaasbeeti voted down.
Mr, SUMNER. I know itihas been on for-
mer occasions voted down, butdoes it follow that
it will fee voted down now?.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was voted down in the
House of Representatives on Saturday.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says it was voted
dow n in the'House of Re prese n tati veso n Saturday,
hut ifcsvfts atso voted up in theHouseon Saturday.
There were several votes taken upon it, some
oae;vay and some the other. I am told there is
not a quorum in the House. There again is an
illustration .of the ill-considered resolution which
we adopted on Saturday night. I should like to
have the resolution in such a situation that we can
have a vote on the question of taxing whisky on
hand-. •> '
Mr. JOHNSON." Withthe permission of the
honorable member from Massachusetts, without
a motion to reconsider I suppose the debate is
out of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The debate
is not in order in the range it takes at the present
time. s
Mr.SUMNER. I take it the whole resolution
is under discussion.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The question
is oil the passaged the joint resolution, and the
resolution itself is open to discussion.
Mr. SUMNER. Does not that open the whole
question on the whole resolution?
Tiie PRESIDENT protempore. Not the ques-
tion of particular amendments.
Mr. SUMNER.' • I take it that when one ques-
tion of taxation is pending before the Senate the
whole vast subject of taxation is open. The
question naturally is whether what you propose
to enact is adequate, and all the considerations for
and against are proper to be presented to the
Senate.-. Now, sir, at this moment I feel that this
resolution is inadequate. It is simply intended
to meet the exigency created by the new enroll-
ment act. It is not intended to provide those
additional ways and means which the late head
of the Treasury has told us the country now
But the Senator from Ohio has informed us
that the present Secretary of the Treasury does
not desire any additional means. I deem it of
vast importance to the' country that that state-
ment should go forth, but that it should be ac-
companied also with the reasons. I wish there-
fore to know in what the difference consists be-
tween the estimates of the late Secretary of the
Treasury -.and of the present Secretary of the
Treasury. I speak now for my constituents and
for the country at large to know whether or not
adequate means have been provided to meet the
great emergencies. Can the Senator from Ohio
Rnlighten us on tho point?
  Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts appeals to me. I now appeal to him as
an American citizen and as an American states-
man whether he desires to open these contro-
verted questions at this stage of the session, the
inevitable effect of which will be to defeat this
resolution and prevent the enrollment act which
he himself and his colleague have forced upon
the country from being enforced. I beg him to
allow this resolution to pass. He knows that in
the present condition of affairs we cannot amend
it without defeating it. I trust, therefore, that
lie will not delay action 011 this resolution or hin-
der its passage. If our measures should prove
insufficient—and I have been from the first in
favor of the largest taxation—the Piesident of
the United States can call 11s together to-morrow,
or the nextday, or at any time, and we can make
any further provision that is deemed necessary.
As for going into the views of the present Secre-
tary and the former Secretary of the Treasury,
getting up a dispute between those two gentle-
men 
Mr. SUMNER. No dispute.
Mr. SHERMAN. Or showing that there is a
difference of opinion between them, or might pos-
sibly be a difference of opinion between them, I
will .not do it. The only question now before the
Senate is on the passage of this joint resolution,
whether we will agree to levy an income tax for
the purpose of meeting the bounties provided for
by the enrollment act. There; is no other ques-
tion before the Senate. I appeal to the Senator to
allow the resolution to pass. He knows very
well that an attempt to amend it at this 'stage of
the session in the present condition of the House
will be to defeat the resolution. He has it in his
power, any Senator has it in his power, to de-
feat this resolution. It is a question of responsi-
bility, of patriotism, of duty; and I for one con-
sider my duty best performed by not answering
the suggestions of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, by not going into these controverted mat-
ters, although I might vote with him and agrefe
with him at other times. The question is, shall
we pass this joint resolution in order to provide
the bounties demanded by the enrollment act?
That is the only object, the only intention of the
resolution; not to reopen these questions of tax-
ation. The House', in pursuance of its constitu-
tional duty, has refused to open up those ques-
tions, refused to send us propositions of that kind,
and if we now attach them to this resolution,
however just and meritorious they may be, it will
only create trouble, confusion, delay, and the
defeat of the measure.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Ohio en-
tirely misunderstands me. I have no purpose of
defeating this measure. I want it passed, but I
also wantsomethingmore. I wish so far as I can
as a Senator here to meet this occasion. I do not
wish to desert my post here leaving that duty
undone; and I, on my part, now in these last hours
appeal to the Senator from Ohio to exercise his
commanding influence over these questions to en-
deavor to satisfy the demands of his country. In
various quarters we already hear that Congress
will be soon convened again in order to meet the
exigency and to do what we now leave undone.
I call upon the Senator from Ohio by energetic
action to render any extra session of this Con-
gress unnecessary. Lethim notchideotherswho
now seek to animate Congress to their duty, but
let him join in the work which the hour requires.
Sir, 1 am with that Senator as he knows very
well on this resolution; but I ask in the name of
my country that adequate means shall be sup-
plied in order to carry 011 this war to maintain the
national credit. Is the Senator from Ohio ready
to go home now and leave the national currency
and the national credit all afloat? Sir, it does not
belong to a Senator in his position to abandon
that great, transcendent duty at this moment. He
errs when he seeks to stifle discussion; he errs
when he seeks to supersede amendments to the
resolution now under consideration. According
to the strict provisions of the Constitution, the
resolution is open to amendment; there is no piop-
osition of increased taxation which may not be
properly attached to it; and the country now looks
to us to see that adequate means are supplied.
Sir, I regret the mood of the Senator from Ohio.
I regret that he joinsin dismissing this Congress,
and to cause disappointment to our fellow-citi-
zens at home. As 1 have abeady said, I have
no opposition to make to the joint resolution. I
am speaking sincerely in the interests of my coun-
try ns I understand them. I do not doubt, of
course, the patriotic purpose of the Senator from
Ohio; but 1 think that he has yielded, unhap-
pily, to what I will call this madness of tho hour,
this desire for the sake of the comforts of home
to leave these seats and to abandon the high duties
that have been imposed upon us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beg to say one word
in refeience to the extraordinary exhibition of
the Senator from Massachusetts on the present
occasion; but I shall not allow myself to be be-
trayed into any extended remarks at this hour.
I cannot account for the position of the Senator
from Massachusetts in any other way than as
an uffoi t at this stage of tho session to screen
himself from the responsibility which he has
taken and to place it upon the shoulders of some-
body else. We have had during this session of
Congress revenue bills before us; we have had
tax bills before 11s; we have spent weeks and
months upon them; and nowatthis hourthcSen-
ator from Massachusetts rises andasks if we are
to desert our positions without answering tho de-
mands of the country, because he wants a tax
on whisky on hand! Sir,that Senator has stood
here and persistently voted against putting a tax
on whisky on band. . <-.>
Mr. SUMNER. I beg thejSenator's pardon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator voted against
it when it was introduced, unless I am greatly
mistaken. 1 -* ■'
Mr. SUMNER. When introduced the be-
ginning of the session I voted againsttbe tax, but
when it was introduced 011 the tax bill f voted
for it. -
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think ft ill becomestliW
Senator, who stood in his place and fought' tho*
imposition of a tax on whisky at this very ses-
sion of Congress, to lebulte those who struggled-
for it and did all they could to impose it, now in
the closing hours of the session, and say, " Yhu
are the gentlemen who are-deserti i1g the interests
of the country." If we had ha4 the powerful
influence of the Senator from Massachusetts at
the start to put this tax upon whisky, instead of
having that influence against it,doubtless ere this
we could have put the tax upon whisky on hand.
But, sir, 1 promised when I rose to go into no
extended discussion. I think this Congress has
done a great deal to sustain the Government. We
have increased the tariff; we have passed an in-:
ternal revenue bill after great consideration which
it is hoped will raise a very large sum. Congress
has acted, I doubt not, according to its best judg-
ment in these particulars; and now at this hour
to say that we should revise and unsettle all that
we have done seems to me most extraordinary.
But lest anything I may say should provoke dis-
cussion, which 1 do not wish to do at this hour,
or to have any controversy with the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts, I shall not continue my remaiks.
My only object in rising at all was to show that
if Congress has not done its duty, and if ourex-
penses were likely to be larger than we antici-
pated, the Senator from Massachusetts is the one
who aided in passing a bill giving bounties and
increasing our expenses; the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is the one who aided in preventing a
tax on whisky on hand at a time when, with the
aid of his influence, we could probably have'
passed it.
Mr. SUMNER. I have only one word tosay
in reply to the Senator. I have a very severe cold,
so that I speak with difficulty. I am unwilling to
be presented in the attitude in which he presents
me. Sir, I have from the beginning voted for the
largest tax which,at the time, seemed to me prac-
ticable. When the questionof taxing whiskyon
hand was presented as a separate measure, 1 did
not see my way then, on grounds of policy and
expediency, to vote for it. It was at the begin-
ning of the session. 1 did not speak on the ques-
tion. I exerted no influence over it beyond that
of my silent vote. When the question was pre-*
sented again on the tax bill remodeling our
whole system of taxation, then I devoted myself
strenuously to procure a tax 011 whisky on hand.
And now the Senator rises in his place to rebuke
me for having opposed the very taxation which I
sought to establish.
He further charges me with having exercised a
peculiar influence with regard to the recentenroll-
ment act. The Senator knows very well that none
of those propositions relating to bounties came
from me, nor did they receive my support except
as I voted for the bill. So far as I made any mo-
tion on that bill, it was all in a different sense.
I moved more than once a proposition to require
in addition to a substitute the payment of a cer-
tain portion of one's income graduated by an
ascending scale according to the income, thus
striving to put money in theTreasury rather than
to take it out; and yet the Senator from Illinois,
entirely ignorant of the facts, charges me with
having exerted an influence to take it out. Such
influence as I had was given in precisely the other
direction; and now such influence as I am able'to
exorcise, it may beonlyin the nature of a protest,
is to put money into the Treasury of my country.
Mr. HARLAN. I have voted for the highest
tax proposed on all the various commodities that
it was supposed would bear the tax suggested in
all the bills that have been pending, believing that
it would be better for the country to levy and for
the people to pay a large tax than to permit the
difference between gold and currency to be in-
creased. But, sir, at this time I am unwilling to
unsettle the legislation that has been had on that
