"1588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
cloak and Scotch cap, lesf, as was fenred by his friends,
lie might have received a warmer greeting than would have
been agreeable on his way through Baltimore at the hands
m the constituents of the honoiablegentleman from Mary-
Fund, [Mr. Davis.]"
I ask every man in this House, Mr. Speaker,
to notice the premeditation And the siYeeringgrai-
tjication with which the gentleman from Ohio says
these things. Before I came to that^should have
stated that this effort of his was not an extempo-
raneous one. We have the record on that. On
Saturday last the Speaker drew out the gentle-
man from Ohio to make a statement on the sub-
. ject. He said that he had had the manuscript
prepared for more than four weeks. For four
weeks he had sat in his room, while the moon
had waxed and waned, while the sun had risen
above and gone below the horizon thirty times,
pondering over the manuscript of iiis speech.
" Yes," be says, " I have looked over it and de-
liberated upon it." lie cannot therefore ask us
not to give his language its full effect. His speech
is not the emanation of a heated contest when the
blood is up and words are hastily uttered and
language incautiously used. Whatever excuse
might be offered under such circumstances can-
not be suggested in favor of a man who has
waked and slept four weeks upon his well-ma-
tured speech.
Why so unkind a fling at the honorable gen-
tleman from Maryland? Is it because that glo-
rious old State has recently declared that she de-
sires no slaves to tread her soil?
In the woids which I have read you find the
disposition with which the member from Ohio
[Mr. Long] starts out. He lias this lurking in
his heart. 1 wili show you where he gives us an
insight as to how lie took the oath of allegiance
in this House. He does not say that in reference
to himself,but hestates that Galileo, after he had
been in prison, after he had been almost starved
to death, after lie had been forced to abjure his
belief in the Copermcan system, as lie rose ftom
the ground said, "The earth stili turns round, not-
withstanding." He goes on to say;
" So it will be with the man who is iorccil to take the
oath to s.ive himself, hi* lamily, and in-, pioper ty. Tic May
take it, hut in his heart he will detect and de^pi^e the au-
thority that lequire.s it. Will such a man be devoted to or
make a good citizen of tin* Government in which ho live--?
The history of Roland, of liungaiy, of Ireland, and of Italy
fnriMflie* an answer to t!i<> question. If imperial Govern-
ments are not able to hold m Mibim^ivo obedience small
po!Uori«i of a vast empire, once in revolt, now much !<••*?
a Government having lor its U.ims the consent of the gov-
erned.*'
lie was forced to take the oath in order to get
a seat in this Congre.ss and diuw gieenbaeks in-
stead of rebel wig^. £ir, the leaders, I know,
would do just so; and the leaders in the rebel i auks
this side of the Union lines do the same thing.
Sir, a mon can picture his own ease very well
by supposing another. It shows me the dispo-
sition t hat actuated the member when he eatne at
last to make the other declaration winch he did.
You tell me you can convict a man ofcrnne without
circumstantial evidence, without a chain of testi-
mony. I know that positive proof is often brought
against a criminal, but mote frequently it is cir-
cumstantial. He generally takes the night-time,
seeks secrecy, whispers not his intention to those
around him, but at the proper time he may mutter
the true feelings of his own heart. Now, I say in
those declarations we find the disposition. He
ehaig(d the Government with being despotic.
He says:
u I he imof period <>£ three slioit yeais h.is pioclnced a
fenrhri chango m Un-, free, luippv, anil fno.peious Govern-
ment; «-o tree ui its icstuunH upon pewmal hhcuy, and
So gentle in its demands upon the icsotnccs of the people
tluu t.'ie eeielji.ucd Humboldt, after tiaveling tiuou?h the
eountiv, nu In^ ictum to Rinope t-.nd, 'The American peo-
ple h.ivp a Government winch you can neithf r t-ee noi
aecl.' h?o ditreroiit i-. it now. arid bo ciear h the change
that tho inquiry migl't well be made to-d<i\, are ue noun
ConManliiiople, m Hi. I'lter-buig, in Vienna, in Rome, oi
in Paris? Atilimry aoverunis and tiieir provost mai^hal?
oveitule tire l,nv-, and the echo of the armed heel rihg*
for Ur as clearly now m America a-? m France or in An--tin,,
and the President siis to day guarded by armed soldiers.
Ktauuned tit f'ery appioach leading to tire Executive Man-
sion."
What, sir, compare our Government with those
despotisms' There is the language. And why
do I contend th.it evinces the disposition and heat t
of a traitor? I contend so because tiratis the very
language of those who have rebelled, or did all but
rebel so long as they were permitted to occupy
seats upon this floor and in the other end of the
Capitol,
What is the next point of evidence ? He then,
speaking with reference to,the subjugation of the
South, and in relation to language used by the
gentleman from Kentucky, gives another insult to
the loyalty of the nation. 1 say these little straws
of testimony also show which way the wind of
the feelings of that man's opinions blows. He
must give these listening galleries a specimen of
his uneasiness, knowing as he does that they but
represent the loyal sentiments of the country. He
But{ subjugationMsthe watchword. X^iberty and free-
dom lor the slave, and subjugation and extermination for
the master, is the popular eiv. Meet them, fightthern, crush
them, say-> the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Smith.]
Sir, that Is easily said upon this floor, and is popular with
those who from day to day fill the gallery of this House."
Oh, how some of us hate popular opinion when
that popularopinion all runsinapopularcurrent!
We hear the argument that because the last Con-
gress did not expel Mr. Conway, therefore this
Congress cannot expel a man who says his feel-
ings are more with Richmond than with Wash-
ington. Because that Congress failed to do its
duty, is this one to fol-low m the same channel?
And yet how is that argument taken up upon the
other side of the House? Did you ever, Mr.
Speaker, hear so many conflicting reasons for the
same conclusion? Nearly all of them must rise
in their places and say that they disavow the sen-
timents of the member from Ohio, [Mr. Long.]
Why ? Great God! if they who vote as they gen-
erally do must disavow these sentiments, who
but rebels would sustain the man who utters them?
Why, sir, I tusk gentlemen on the other side, what
is there wrong in the opinions of the member from
Ohio ? If you cannotagree with those sentiments
there must be some error.* What is the error ?
Sir, it is that terrible error which gives aid and
comfoit to the enemy. They seem delighted to
find the expiessions of a few persons who before
or at the incipiency of the rebellion had carelessly
declared " Let the Union slide," or some such in-
cautious sentiment. I believe it is claimed that
a Senator from New Hampshire once offered a
petition to the Senate for a dissolution of the
Union. Sir, 1 do not recollect that any such pe-
tition was over offered by that Senator. I deny
it, and the man who affirms such a thing must
bring the proof.
Mr. Speaker, I shall vote for the expulsion
of this member for the icason that I believe from
his own declarations here before us and in the
face of the foe, it is a conclusive fact, so far as
l.e can externally manifest it in such a placf*,
that he has deliberately, pivmcditatedly, and by
woids and actions manifestly shown th*i, he pre-
fers at this tune the recognition (he southern
confederacy to its subject,>n. Now, sir, some
men talkHboutthe words " sub}cction"and "sub-
jugation;" aUii there is a doleful howl over that
word k< abolition." How harmoniously that word
chimes upon the ears of Democrats! They tell
us that everybody who does not vote the Demo-
cratic ticket is an abolitionist. Before this war
commenced who were the abolitionists? A few
poisons away up Noith who were trying by the
power of moral suasion and lehgton to introduce
churches, schools, and freedom among the south-
ern people. That was all they tried to do—these
few men away up North. Did these abolitionists
affect the institution of slavery? Sir, they af-
fected U just as much as a large humble-bee could
atlec.t tile skull of a darkey through its curly ton-
soiul luxuriance. [Laughter.]
1 once heard of an incident happening in a Dem-
ociatie county in Georgia which may be applica-
ble here. An old colored man and his boy were
working in a field. The boy noticed that as the
old man was going along hoeing corn or weeding
cotton a humble-bee alighted on hishead, and was
working away with all its industry, energy, and
power, its long sting excitud to its utmost capa-
city, every neive m its biilliant body strained to
its utmost tension trying to reach the old man's
ciamum, but never touching that institution. So,
sir, before this war broke out a few persons in
the North were trying to sting the institution of
slavery. But the boy, not knowing that'the old
man was perfectly secure, and feeling very so-
licitous for paternal safety, seized a stick about
four feet long and two inches in diameter, and
saying, " Daddy, stand still," brought it down ;
with a flail-like motion on the old man's head, i
missi-ig the humblc-bre ami nearly killing the old I
man. [Laughter.] So it has been with theabo-
litiofiists and slavery. These secessionists saw
a few abolitionists at the North whose arguments
and language never came within the confines of
the slave States. Why? Because those States
were governed by Democrats, and were in favor
of "free speech!" They undertook to break the
head of the humble-bee of abolition with their
club of secession, and they have knocked the
brains out of slavery, while the bee of abolition haa
.flown over, and is taking the circuit of the Union.
What can you expect from a man who is a
traitor? Is that parliamentary, sir? I have not
said yet that he is altogether a traitor. He has
not got a pistol in his hand; he has not presented
Jeff. Davis with a flag; he has not carried any
contraband goods that I know of down South;
butmustwe wait until that time, and, sitting here,
listen to and witness everything but that?
Sir, gentlemen grow eloquent over the liberty
of speech. Has this House no right to say who
are worthy members of this body? Have we no
right to purify this Hal] and to exclude members
for the utterance of treasonable sentiments as well
as for bad character? The gentleman from Ohio
rises in his place here, and this is the culmina-
tion of his ideas:
" I believe that there are but two alternatives, and these
are, either an acknowledgment of the independence of the
South as an independent nation, or their eomplere subju-
gation and extermination as a people ; and of these alter-
natives I prefer the former."
We may admire the boldness of the utterance.
He who comes out thus plainly on the side of the
rebels shows more courage than the man who
gets up and says he does not agree with those
reasonings, that it is a little nearer treason than
-he will go, butthat he will still vote to retain such
a member in this House.
They tell us we are afraid of public opinion.
Yes, sir, we are afraid of iot/ai public opinion; and
the man who has not learned to be afraid of it
may live to see the day when it may return on
his head, or else his children may curse the day
when he was their father. Gentlemen are horri-
fied at the phrase " subjugating the South," and
would have the people believe that it means some-
thing very terrible, as if there was no such thing'
as Webster's Dictionary in the country, and as if
the people did not know that " subjugation" or
"subjection" means no'such thing as the slaying
of all the men, women, children, and Democrats
of the southern Slates. [Laughter.] The word
has no Such meaning. It means the bringing
ini,o legal submission and subjection to authority.
Louisiana has been subjugated; but has slaughter
come upon the women and children? No, sir;
Louisiana is coming back. Arkansas and other
Slates are beginning to hold up their hand. Other
States are being also subjugated in the same sense;
and so the work will go on.
They tell us we are making a political question
of this, and ask us why it is that, if we do not
approve of the speech of the gentleman from Ohio,
we subscribe for it. I will tell honorable gentle-
men why we subscribe for that speech. It is for
the purpose of showing our constituents why we
vote to expel the member from Ohio. When they
read that speech they will say "Amen" to out
action.
We have had everything dragged into this de-
bate by gentlemen on the other side. I was al-
most afraid that they would bring to bear upon
it a prayer of the Chaplain to the Senate who, it
is said, prayed God the other day to give that
body "'more brains; more brains." [Laughter.]
I expected to have had that brought in as evi-
dence that the Union party was lost. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, my colleague [Mr. Broomall]
lias asked me to yield him a portion of my time,
and I now do so with pleasure.
i Mr. COLFAX. As no gentleman claims the
j floor, I will move that the House take a recess
| till seven o'clock. I will state that I desire to ask
; the House to come to a vote upon this resolution
1 this alternoon. Gentlemen on the other side of
the House, several of them, remaiked to me yes-.
terday that if the debate continued during the day .
j «and evening, and during to-day, they would think
that would be a fair range of discussion, and that
they would assist in coming to a vote before the
adjournment over until Thursday.
While up, I will say also in this connection
that when 1 shall rise to close the debate and n\ove
the previous question, while the rules would give
