2564
THE'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
pay off their debts they only do what they have
engaged to do. In ordinary times I would not
interfere with them; but now, when it is indis-
pensably necessary for us to reduce the volume of
paper currency, I would compel the State banks
to retire theirs; and I would not end there, and it
is not the desire of the Government to end there.
I know that the amount of United States notes
now outstanding is; entirely too large, and it
is the determination of those who conduct the
finances to reduce the volume of circulation. I
know it is now being reduced day by day, and it
will be reduced more.- It will fee and must be
funded. There is no other course left. This large
redundant circulation must be retired as rapidly
as possible,but I ask you how it can be done now,
with two systems of banks rivals with each other.
Suppose the Government desires to ieduce the cir-
culating medium. The very momentthe Govern-
ment' commenced reducing its circulation, that
very moment these banks would commence to in-
crease theirs. There would be a pressure on the
money market, and the banks would come in with
new notes issued by them, and increase the circu-
lation. The Senator refers to Indiana. Although
the Government has been reducing its circulation
for the last six months, 1 have tables before me
showing that certain banks in every one of the
eastern States have largely increased their circu-
lation. Thcfic tables, which I will print, show a
wonderful exhibit. At a time when every man
m the country nearly iscrying out against the in-
flation of paper money, these banks, scattered all
over the principal commercial States, are largely
inflating their issues. In the State of Maine, here
is a selection of twelve banks, showing an in-
crease in the last six months of $311,410. In the
State of New Hampshire there is an increase in
twelve banks—the banks with thelaigest increase
of circulation are selected—within the last six
months, of $146,325.
Mr. POMEROY. That is without any increase
of capital.
Mr. SHERMAN. With no increase of capi-
tal and no redemption. In the State of Vermont
—the State so ably represented by the honorable
Senator, [Mr. CollamerJ—twelve banks in that
State have in the last six months increased their
circulation $450,349, or thirty-two per cent, of
thtir aggregate ciiculati.on. In the State of Mas-
sachusetts twelve banks have increased their ag-
gregate circulation in six months $827,278. In
the State of Rhode Island twelve banks whose
total increase is$16O>6G0, or twenty-five per cent,
on their old circulation. In the State of Connec-
ticut there is an increase in twelve banks of
$314,132, or eighteen per cent., and that at a time
when evui ybody admits that there is an inflation
of the paper money, and when it is an offense,
not against the public inoials, but against the
public safety, to further increase the volume of
circulation.
In the State of New York the total increase is
$1,254,0S7,1 of which $530,970 was in the city.
In New Jersey a list of twelve banks shows an
increase of §499,530, or thirty per cent, on their
circulation within the last six months. In Penn-
sylvania in twelve banks theie is an increase of
$1,20(5,443, or twenty-five per cent, on their cir-
culation; in Maryland, theie is an increase of
$754,090, or thirty right per cent, by nine banks.
The increase by four banks in the State of Del-
aware is #55,725.
I know thatin Ohioand Indiana and the North-
west generally, the circulation of Stale banks has
decreased; and why? Because our banks are
gradually going into the national system, where
they do render an active aid to the Government
by the purchase of United States bonds and by
coming under the general supervision and control
of the national authorities. But the banks m the
States 1 have designated have largely inflated their
paper money at this time when every man knows
that it is improper fo increase it. What power have
we over them, what power has this great Gov-
ernment over these banks? They may issue to-
morrow §100,000,000 of their notes, ond what
power have we over them? They would forfeit
their charters, it is true; but they have forfeited
their charters at any rate already. When every
addition of $1,000,000 to our aggregate circula-
tian is destroying the vital element which sus-
tains the national life, here are these banks be-
yond your power and control inflating the cur-
rency, running rivals to the national Government
in the issue of paper money. In a time of war
the issue of paper money is the same as coming
money; gold having disappeared there isnothing
but paper money, and when a bank issues paper
money it coins money. This is the very highest
attribute of sovereignty, carefully reserved to the
national Government by the Constitution. These
banks, then, in issuing money in this time when
money is superabundant', coin money in express
violation of the Constitution, and exercise that
function of sovereignty which Congress alone has
the power to authorize.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio whether his table shows the in-
crease of circulation of the different State banks
from the time the'law authorized the issue of the
legal tender Treasury notes until the present
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. But I will tell the
Senator that he will find full information on that
subject in the Finance Report which is on his table,
or he can get it by sending for it. I give these
figures because they are later than those shown
by the published reports. I know that there are
other causes of inflation besides the issue of bank
paper, and it would be very wrongforany one to
leave the impression that that alone is the cause
of bank inflation. One fruitful source of inflation
is the common habit adopted now in the city of
New York and extending all over the country,
of using certified checks where money is never
paid, and these certified checks are used precisely
as currency. I have it from intelligent bankers
engaged in the business, that nothing has tended
so much to inflate the currency of the country as
the use of certified checks in the form in which
they have been used; but that is not all.
The Government of the United States has un-
doubtedly tended to inflate paper money by the
issue of United States notes, but there is this ma-
terial difference between the banks and the Gov-
ernment in this respect. The Government has
been compelled by the necessities of war to issue
its paper money in order to furnish a circulating
medium to pay the soldiers and to carry on the
operations of war. The banks, however, have
no excuse for their increase of circulation. They
do it for gain, for profit, to the manifest detriment
and injury of the public credit and of the whole
country, because every citizen has hi** property
affected by thisenormous inflation. The Govern-
ment has been compelled to issue paper money
by its stern necessities. It has had no choice. If
it had any choice I would not resort to it for one.
It must use paper money m order to carry o* the
war; but the banks have no such pretext and no
such reason. They issue their paper money now
when they know that all the channels of circula-
tion arc filled. I say, therefore, that it is an act
of patriotism in them to retire their circulation;
and I am thankful that the State Bank of Indiana
and the State Bank of Ohio have done their share
in this respect. All I desire by this amendment
is to induce them or compel them to withdraw
their circulation, and thus leave the channels of
trade to be filled by the circulation of United
States money.
But i( was said the other day by my friend from
Missouri, [Mr. Henderson-,] and I am sorry
ho is not here, as 1 wish to reply to one or two
observations that he made, that the national bank
bill which we passed the other day tends to cre-
ate the same inflation. The purpose of that hank
bill is, and I believe the effect of it will be, to re-
duce the circulation; and why? It will be neces-
sary, I havfe no doubt, in the process, to induce
the State banks scattered all over theUnited States
to go into the national system or to retire from
the field. That will be done. I think an un-
healthy competition long continued between these
two systems of banks would be injurious to both.
I wish that the State banks themselves would look
at it in a patriotic view and see that two rival sys-
tems standing side by side,filling the channels of
circulation, cannotexistand prosper. One or the
other must give way. I have no doubt of it. The
objection to the State banks is that they are di-
versified; they are not under a common head; they
are under no common control; they make no com-
mon reports; they have no common security, no
common basisof redemption, no common system
of exchange. The mostthat can be said of them
is that the banks of the State of New York are
compelled to redeem in the city of New York.
This system of local bank paper will not an-
swer the purpose; and it is a good old Democratic
doctrine that the Government must not rely upon
the use of local bank paper. It cannot use it as
currency. We have provided a medium through
the national bank system by which the State
banks, without a sacrifice of any interest of theirs,
may go into the system based on national stocks,
where they will be compelled by their organiza-
tion to render the Government some aid in the
purchase of bonds, and where they will be under
the control and supervision of Congress*, and,
through Congress, of the people, w lie re they may
be called to account, where their circulation may
be limited, where all their functions and opera-
tions may be controlled by the public will, for
the national banks depend solely on the public
will; they are always within the power of Con-
gress; every man who goes into them knows that
the system must be so conducted that the public
sentiment will sustain them, or else they will go
to the wall. The law organizing them may bo
repealed, and they maybe driven out at any time
by the power of Congress. They are under
bonds for good behavior. They file in the vaults
of the United States more than the amountof their
circulation in bonds of the United States taken at
this time when it is necessary for us to sell our
bonds. I say these two systems lunning rival
with each other will undoubtedly endanger each
other, and therefore it is our duty and our right,
exercising the sovereign power of Congress, to
compel the local banks either to retire from the
field or to go into the national system.
But, Mr. President, the remark has been made
seveial times, and I may as well answer it now,
as I do not wish to continue this discussion long,
" Why issue bank paper, why not continue the
issue of greenbacks without interest, and Jet the
Government get the benefit of the interest?"
There are several answers to this suggestion. The
first is that paper issued without any plan of re-
demption is always uncertain and unstable, and
tends to inflate and depreciate the currency. The
greenbacks are simply a promise of the Govern-
ment of the United States, redeemable in bonds.
To the amount of a reasonable circulation, say
two or three hundred million dollars, they would
be- nearly equivalent to gold; but the very mo-
ment you issue more than that you depreciate
their value. The aggregate notes of the United
States now, about $400,000,000, are not worth as
much in gold and silver as $250,000,000 would
have been if only $250,000,000 had been issued.
We know that very well. Every issue tends to
depreciate their value. The ease with which this
paper can be issued, the fact that it is not ledeem-
able, that there is no private interest to protect
it, operates against it. There is another and a
very striking argument agamst the further use of
United States paper money; and that is, that the
experience of several nations, where the Govern-
ment has issued too much circulating money,
shows that the inevitable road which has been
often traveled is, first, a decline, and, finally, le-
pudiation. France lepudiated her Government
paper money. Our own Government repudi-
ated the Continental money. That has been the
history of huge issues of paper money by all
Governments; but it is very different with bank
paper. No bank paper will be repudiated by the
Government, because it is not a loan of the peo-
ple, it is not a debt of the people who control the
legislation of Congress, but it is the debtof banks,
of private individuals, of private associations,
who are bound by the law to redeem their notes.
No Government will ever relieve a bank fioni
that liability.
Therefore it is that the notes of the Bank of
France, which isaprivate corporation, are just as
good as gold and silver. They may fluctuate
backand forth occasionally,butafterall the French
people will demand that the private individuals
who have invested in the Bank of France shall re-
deem the notes of that bank. So in Great Britain,
the notes of the Bank of England are not the debt
of the people, but they are the debt of the corpo-
rators, the individual citizens who own the bank,
and the people of England will always msistthat
those jtjotes shall be ledeemed. If the question
