1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
should ever come up hereafter in future times, and
we should have a large issue of paper money out-
standing without any foundation for it exceptthe
credit of the Government, there would be a bare
possibility, although I can scarcely conjecture it,
that the United States might do what other nations
have done. T*hat, however, can never be the case
with notes which individuals are bound to pay,
which individuals have pledged their property to
pay, which individuals are personally liable to
pay. The nation will always enforce such a con-
tract against individuals, though it might not as
against itself; and therefore it is that bank"paper
secured by the Government is always better than
the Government paper itself. If the United States
should repudiate the greenbacks, it might be ex-
cused by the example of other nations; it would
be a wiping out of a debt of the people of the
United States, it operating as an unjust form of
taxation, but the people willneverallowthe own-
ers of these banks, the men who take stock in the
national associations, to repudiate their notes until
not only the stocks in the hands of the Govern-
ment are exhausted and soW, butuntil their indi-
vidual liability is exhausted, and that is more
than ample to redeem them whatever may come.
It is for these reasons' that bank paper, secured
by the Government, has sanctions and securities
that are not contained in the mere issue of Gov-
ernment circulation, because it has the liability
of the Government in the first instance, based also
upon the liability of individuals, with the inter-
est of the whole community to compel the banks
to pay their debts. The national bank currency
will be better and less in danger of repudiation
than the greenbacks, though 1 have entire faith
and confidence in both.
But, Mr. President, it is said that the issue of
this national currency has the same effect as the
issue of local bank paper, and that it will tend to
depreciate the value of United States paper. So
it would if you kept out in circulation all the
United States money you now have out,and also
authorize the issue of national bank currency be-
sides, The inevitable effect would be to destroy
both; both would go down together; but, sir, I
take it to be the policy of the Government, as it
is the plainest dictate of reason, to retire its cir-
culation at least as fast as the national bank cur-
rency is issued. We can do it by funding; we
can do it in various ways. We must do it. If
the United States continue to issue its own notes
in the form of currency and also authorize na-
tional bank notes to be issued pari passu, both to-
gether, in overwhelming amounts, as a matter
of course the result would be to destroy all values;
but I take it that it is and must be the policy of
the Government to retire as rapidly as possible the
United States notes and to substitute for them the
national currency. It may not be done to-day;
it may not be done to-morrow. It will be a
gradual process, taking time. It is a slow opera-
tion. The sad perils and necessities of war may
keep this money outstanding longer than it ought
to be, but still that the policy of the Govern-
ment will be what I have just stated no man can
doubt.
Suppose to-morrow we should hear of great and
gloiious victories from our armies in the West
and our armies in Virginia; suppose confidence
should be restored in this country and (he Union
restored, how rapid a process would the funding
of all the United States notes be! Very rapid.
Every man then would have confidence in the
Government. Although the debt of the United
States now may be $1,700,000,000, who doubts
the power of the Government to pay the interest
on this debt and very rapidly to pay the princi-
pal ? Even the retirement of §200,000,000 of out-
standing circulation would be worth moic to us
than a great victory, by reducing the value of
gold and removing the perils and dangers by
which we are now surrounded. I say, therefore,
that the national bank circulation will be of great
importance when we shall step out of this stage
of war into the stage of peace, when the notes of
the United States shall be funded and retired from
circulation and we again assume it in the form of
a debt. Then this national currency, made uni-
form m its redemption, in its execution, in its se-
curity, in its law, will furnish us what we never
have had in this country, a national currency
founded upon the public faith, secuied by the
public bonds, and also doubly secured by the in-
dividual liability of the stockholders and the in-
terest of all the persons engaged in the system.
Mr. President, 1 have said all that I desire to
say in regard to taxing banks, but as the tax bill
is now under consideration I will occupy a mo-
ment or two in relation to the gene£al merits of
the bill; in my judgment this effort to codify our
tax- law this year was unwise; I believe that all
that is vital and essential-in this volume of law
might have been far better condensed into;fivfeor
ten pages. But still the House of Representatives,,
being- the judges of this subject,, have sent us this
bill. In my judgment it is not-sufficient. It is
trifling with agreatduty and isinadequate to sus-
tain our vast expenditure. I'believe that a simple
law trebling the income tax or raising it to ten
per cent., (not a very high war income tax,) a
tax of about twenty per cent, on manufactures,
would be far better than this complex mamnjoth
bill'. I would levy it any moment. If Senators
will look back to the discussions in the early his-
tory of the Government they will notice a very
singular change of opinion in regard to taxation.
In the First Congress when the first impost law
was framed duties on imported goods were put at
the rates of five to twelve and a half per cent.
They hesitated whether they would put three per
cent, or five per cent, on many articles. They
finally concluded, as the country was terribly in
debt, that they would levy a duty of five percent,
on certain imported goods. They1 looked then
upon a tax upon imports precisely as we do now
upon a tax on manufactures. A duty of fifty per
cent, on all the manufactures of this country
would not add to the price of the articles sold by
the manufacturer one half as much as your in-
flated currcncy has added to that price.
Take bar iron in its rougheststate, the simplest
production of labor; it was worth before this war
commenced about $50 a ton; it is now worth $140.
It is true this is partly caused by the demand for
labor; many causes operate in this matter. It
has morethan doubled in price. The inflation of
the currency has contributed some to it as well as
the absence of labor. How much now does the
little tax of five dollars a ton we have put on that
article contribute to its cost? Nothing whatever.
If we had a stable currency, limited in amount,
well regulated, controlled by law, so that the peo-
ple would have confidence in.it, a tax of twenty.-
five or even fifty per cent, on all the domestic man-
ufactures of this country would not be felt by our
people. It would be cheerfully and promptly
paid. The tax we here impose does not add ma-
terially to the cost of the article. A system of
taxation could be devised that, in my judgment,
would yield much more revenue; but I do notpro-
pose to offerany such amendments, nor do I sup-
pose the Committee on Finance will, and may
entirely disagree with me in these propositions.
We would not be justified in the present condi-
tion of the country in delaying this tax longer in
order to change and modify this, or adopt a new
system.
This bill, such as it is, has been sent to us; we
ought to pass it. It is said it will yield $250,000,000,
but 1 believe that an income tax of ten per cent,
on allmcomcs above the more product of a man's
daily toil, a tax of twenty-five or even fifty per
cent, on manufactures fairly collected, a large
tax on those articles of luxury consumed by the
rich, and then a tax on common carriers who
are but the freight agents of this count! y, would
yield more than twice as much, with far less
trouble and expense in collection. We could then
dispense with ail the insignificant and trifling
taxes with which the bill abounds. A tax of one
half of one per cent, on gold dug out of the bow-
els of the earth in California is perfectly insigni-
ficant. We havp never exercised our power of
taxation. The wealth of this country and the
manufacturer of this country arc capable of
bearing an enormous taxation. We could pay
twice the amount levied by this bill. I do not
feel alarmed ot taxation. I feel more alarm at
the condition of the cuirency than 1 do at any
system of taxation or on account of our public
debt. If we could reduce ihe currency by a wise
system of legislation to a stable basis, so that
every man would feel that the note he held in his
| hands was the representative or neatly the repre-
! sentative of gold and silver, we should have no
difficulty by taxes in carrying ontfeeiwar. - A.
system of taxation might be devised that woigd5
yield $500,000,000, which cotiltt'be paid'now I5et--
ter than at any other time. Now, pricey are ne-
cessarily inflated,by the war, but when the war isf
over there will be a period of depression. Haw-
is the time to collect taxes. England for years
collected sixty percent, of her enormous war ex-
penditures in ner struggle with' Nalpoleon:;
income tax was raised to fifteen'percent; mauy-
Of her taxes would now be. considered altfragfc
fabulous.
We hav j all this rich mine of taxation operi tip
us. We have a people who are patriotic beyoiti
comparison^ a people every where-demanding &
just and fair system of taxation, novwhcre«coni->
plaining that.the burdens of this war are thrown
upon them. They feel that their national exist-
ence, all that is near and dear to them as citizens,
as families, as States, and as a nation, is depend-
ing on thiscontest. They: do-not compl&fn of the
burdens that are heaped upon them; they de-
mand,those burdens; all they ask is fairness, and
equality.
' Sir, 1 believe that if Congress should now re-
sume its just and legal power over the currency
of the country, and control all currency with its
mighty power, wc might do more good to our
country than General Grant can do even by a
great victory at Richmond. Yes, sir, although
the State Bank of Indiana may be a'very good
bank, although the, State Ban'k'of Ohio may t>e,
as I know it is, a v,ery excellent b"aok,yet!as th$
$167,000,000 of State bank currency is nowa part
of our circulating medium, it fills a place that is
dangerous to our peace, dangerous to the condi-
tion of our country. I would, wi'th.out doing any
unnecessary injury to the owners of thispropcrty^
put it out of the way, compel these bank propri-
etors to pay their debts, to retire their circulation',
and conform to the general laws prescribed by
Congress, or else cease to do the business that
now inflicts a great national harm. Then, sir, I
would, if necessary, by law, although I do not
believe it is necessary to pai3&! any such law,
adopt a policy that youjd compel the funding of
the United States notes fo an amount that is, i$a-
sonable,even if necessary by a sale in open market
for what they will bring of the bonds of the United
States. It is better for us to sell our bonds'even
below par than to continue this enormous infla-
tion of paper money. Then, sir, by a wise sys-
tem of taxation we could approach very nearly
our expenditures, and the difference between our
expenditures and receipts should be paid by the
sale of bonds of the United States. Make them
a mortgage on the future earnings of ourcountiy,
I believe we should do more good to our couutry
by such a financial system than even General
Grant can do at the head of his army against our
foes at Richmond.
Synopsis vf increase of circulation in State Banks («•> shown
by report made to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue}
from October, 1863, to J2pril} 1864.
MAINE.
Seventy-one banks, of which but thirty-eight show cir-
culation toi both periods, October, 1863, and April, 1864.
v Of these thirty-eight twelve exhibit an mcieasc, as fol-
lows:
Name of Bank.
Buldcford Bank 
Calais Barrk 
Ca^-co Bank 
Cobusyee Bauk........
Fiontier Rank 
Gardmer Bank 
Granite Bank 
Northern Bank 
Oakland Bank 
Orono Bank 
llielunond Bank 
Rockland Bauk 
Capital.
§150,000
100,000
60,000
100,000
73,000
50,000
73,000
1U050 00
50.000
50^000
75,000
150.000
§1,035,000
Average circulation.
Oct'r, >G3.{ April, '64.
$89,741|
6G.349I
3SJ ;i45|
44,12l!
57,033
21,40'"
35.44-2
55,625
29,399
37,36*
30.037
741301
&iJ0,G42
79.127
402,524
81,032
69.074
37,054
68.219
80.754
47.328
44.157
o3.51>2
103.705
§8o6.96cf
$1,178,378
866,968
$311,410
Total increase, $311,410, being over 35 per ee'rit.
NEW IIVMPSHIRF.
i Fifty bank*, of which but thirty-three thovV the circu-
. lation for both periods, October, 1863, and April, 1864.
