1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
mc tli e right to make the closing speech,! do not
desire to avail myself of that privilege. I desire
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Long] shall
have the privilege accorded to him of closing the
debate after I have submitted the remarks I may
have to make. I wish to do him full justice, and
I shall ask the House to accord to him that cour-
tesy, with this reservation, that should the gen-
tleman in the course of his observations depart
from the merits of the controversy and indulge in
remarks personal to myself, I shall ask the priv-
ilege of reply.
Mr, NOBLE. I hope this question will not be
pressed to a vote to-mght. I myself have been
for a week confined to my room, and I do not
want to be compelled to remain hero during a
night session, and I do not desire that such a
question as this should be voted on without the
privilege of being present.
Mr. COX. I "will say to my friend, the dis-
tinguished Speaker, that there are several other
members who propose to speak, and 1 think there
are several gentlemen on this side of the House who
are willing to speak this evening and before we
take a recess. I think the bcstai rangement, there-
fore, if any arrangement be made at all, would be
to take a vote on this resolution 011 Thursday,
and that when we come together on that day it be
taken without further discussion.
Several Members addressed the Chair, desiring
to speak.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to the point of order that
every member in the House nearly is standing
upon the floor, and it is almost impossible to hear
what is going on.
Mr. COX. Including the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. SMITH. I submit the question of order,
and ask the Speaker to recognize it.
The SPEAKER, jiro tempore. The point of or-
der is well taken, and the business will not pro-
ceed till the House comes to order.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I am willing to yield
the floor for the purpose of a recess, if it is de-
sirable.
Mr, HOLM AN. I hope we shall take a recess
until seven o'clock without any further under-
standing as to anything beyond.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] made the suggestion that the debate
be allowed to goon until Thursday, and the vote
be taken then without further debate. I feel it a
duty to ask the House to come to an early vote
upon this resolution, and as I have the matter in
charge I must designate the time when 1 propose
to move the previous question. I am willing,
however, to say that if there be a unanimous un-
derstanding that we shall close this debate at half
past twelve o'clock on Thursday, subject to the
speaking of myself and the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Long,] I will consent to that.
Mr. COX. Let me say right here, that the
gentlemen on this sale cannot consent to that,
and 1 therefore withdraw any proposition I have
made. Gentlemen here do not consent to it. They
do not know how many may wish to debate this
question, whetliei half a dozen or a dozen.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 wish to say to gentlemen
upon the other side of the House, that there are
gentlemen over here who are ready to go on at this
moment, and who would rather go on now than
to be cut off from expressing their views upon
this question.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentleman from In-
diana to allow me a single word. I hope the
gentleman from Indiana nor no other gentleman
from that side will insist upon an early vote upon
the question. I want each man on this side and
on the other side to be heard who desires an op-
portunity. I think it will be for the benefit of
the country, and for the progress of truth and
right, that this discussion be full and ample. I
hope, therefore, that gentlemen will not insist
upon a vote until all have been heard.
Mr. CRAVENS. I hope the House will ac-
cord to the sentiments uttered by the gentleman
from Kentucky. I know that there are many
members here who desire to be heard upon this
resolution. It is a matter of the utmost impoit-
ance that they should be heard, and I hope that
no arrangements for closing this debate will be
made at this time. I do think, however, that
there is a propriety in taking a recess; and 1 hope
my colleague from Indiana will propose that,and
then let the debate go on without further arrange-
ment.
Mr. COLFAX. After my friend from Ken-
tucky has been heie as many years as some older
members of the House he will entertain a differ-
ent opinion. He will find that if it be proposed
to let the debate run until every member who de-
sires to shall have spoken on the subject, it will
be months before we can come to a vote. Such
at least has been my experience. Th&re have been
more names proposed already to speak than can
be accommodated in two or three days, and if it
bo proposed that the debates shall continue until
every member has had an opportunity to speak
—and every member can speak and will be will-
ing to speak—this matter will go on to the exclu-
sion of all public business.
Now, sir, I will conclude what I have to say.
I will withdraw my motion for a recess, as gen-
tlemen desire more time for speaking, and as we
are informed there are other gentlemen 011 that side
of the House who are ready to go 011 now with-
out recess. I will not demand the votes on the
propositions to-night, but I give notice that at
half past t\vcive o'clock on Tiiuisdaj next I in-
tend to ask the House to come to a vote on the
propositions subject to the two speeches 1 have re-
ferred to. Then I will desire to test the question
as to the sincerity of gentlemen on the other side
of the House who told me they wished the de-
bates to be closed for reasons which they stated
•—not concerning the merits of the questions one
way or the other, but 111 order to proceed to the
consideration of the public business. If the de-
bates were suffered to continue to-day they told
mc that they would aid mc in closing it at half
past twelve o'clock on Thursday next.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. Speaker, I had hoped that
discussion would have been closed on this reso-
lution to-night, and thatconsent would have been
given all around for that purpose. I trust that
the effort of the gentleman from Indiana to close
it at half past twelve o'clock on Thursday next
will be successful. The country demands that
we should proceed to the consideration of other
questions which aie prevented from coming before
the House by this discussion. It is time, sir, that
we should dispose of the other great public ques-
tions winch aie before us. The tax bill is pend-
ing and ought to be acted on. The country de-
mands that we should dispose of that impoitant
measure. The finances of the country are at this
time staggering. Gold is rising to an unprece-
dented extent. -4i is due to the people and to the
Government that we should proceed at once to the
consideration of the public business.
Mr. GANSON. Is there any tax bill before the
House ? 1 las it been reported from the Committee
of Ways and Moans, or is it ready to be reported?
Mr. FENTON. The committee will be ready
to report a tax bill if this matter now podiiig is
disposed of at the time indicated by the gentleman
from Indiana. The bill is prepared and already
printed.
Mr. GANSON. Then I am opposed to spend-
ing any moie time in making buncombe speeches
if we can proceed to the consideration of legiti-
mate business.
Mr. KNAPP. I ask the gentleman from Indi-
ana whether he will call for a vote on this resolu-
tion to-night in any event?
Mr. COLFAX. 1 will not.
Mr. KNAPP. Then 1 will help the gentleman
to close debate on the resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that we take a re-
cess until seven o'clock.
Mr. COLFAX. I have already infoimed my
colleague that I do not piopose to take the vote
to-night, and I hope that no recess will be taken.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Indiana, I will move
that the House take a recess.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I yield forthe purpose
of taking a recess, but for no other purpose.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I- move that
the House take a recess until seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr. COLFAX. I am willing to sit here with-
out a recess, if there are gentlemen 011 the other
side who desire to c ontinue the debate at this time.
Mr. H A R1UNGTON. 1 do not care whether
there is a recess or not.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Then 1 with-
draw my motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew it.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House take
a recess until six o'clock this evening.
The motion was agreed to.
And then (at half past four o'clock,p. m.)the
House took a recess until six o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at six o'clock,
p. m.
Mr. HARRINGTON, who was entitled to the
floor, yielded to
Mr. CRAVENS, who said: I thank my col-
league for the courtesy he has extended to me on
this occasion, for it will enable me to make a few
remarks which perhaps otherwise 1 should not
have the opportunity to offer. The Speaker an-
nounced to the House this evening before the re-
cess his determination to move the previous ques-
tion 011 to-morrow, which will close the debate
after this evening except one' or two speeches.
There are a number of gentlemen 011 this side of
the House who desire to speak on this question
before the debate is closed. I had intended if the
discussion was continued to have spoken more at
length than I shall now feel at liberty to do. I
cannot do more ncjw than state very briefly my
position on the subject before us. Under the cir-
cumstances 1 would not even do that if I did not
feel that this was a most important question, one
involving the fundamental principles upon which
the Governmentiscstablished. I feel that it ismy
duty to enter my protest against the passage of
the resolution if I do no more.
I regret the introduction of the resolution to
expel the honorable member from the second
district of Ohio. I regret that my colleague (the
Speaker of this House) should have felt it incum-
bent on himself to offer the resolution of expul-
sion. That work might have been assigned to
some member less conspicuous with great pro-
priety, if it had to be done at all. I was not pres-
ent when the gentleman from Ohio made his
speech, but I have read it carefully since its pub-
lication, and I do not indorse it. I think it u
speech that ought not to have been made under
all the surrounding circumstances. I thought so-
before it was delivered, and so stated to the hon-
orable member from Ohio, who had the frank-
ness to tell mc that he was going to take in his
speech the position he has taken; but, sir, while
I doubted the propriety ofhismakingthe speech,
1 have not nor do I now doubt his perfect right
to make it. He is responsible to his constituents,
and to no one else. 1 do not believe that there is
anything in the speech which should subject the
honorable member to cither censure or expulsion.
I believe that if it was calculated to do harm to
the Union cause the importance given to it by
this lesolution of expulsion will increase that
harm a hundred fold.
The gentleman, after reviewing the progress
for the last three years in the prosecution of the
war, comes to the conclusion that we have to ac-
cept either one or the other of two alternatives;
that is, we must acknowledge the southern con-
federacy or we must subjugate and exterminate
the southern people. Of the two he prefers the
former. Now, sir, 1 do not agree that we have
to accept either of his alternatives. 1 hope we
may never be compelled to acknowledge the
southern confedeiaey, and I can think of nothing
more abhorrent to my mind than the idea of ex-
terminating all the men, women, and children of
the South. I do not believe it is possible to do it,
I and if it were I would not accept it as ail alterna-
! tive. My humanity revolts at the thoughtof blot-
| ting out 111 blood eight millions of our own people.
| Sir, I have been astonished to hear gentlemen
|j on the other side talk so flippantly about exterm-
i inating the South, and populating that country
i with a better people; I think all such talk .die and
ij foolish. 1 am not surprised that this question
II has excited the public mind to the extent it has,
I, for it rises 111 importance far above any personal
|j bearing it may have on the gentleman from Ohio;
i it touches eiery member, it reaches home to the
people, it goes to the very foundation of your
Government. You strike down the freedom of
debate here, and you will do the same thing with
!; the people. How are the people to he heard here
I except through their Representative? Close his
!! lips, and what redress have they.' None,except
