1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
subject. Those that are wiser than I am have
had this subject under their control during the
whole session; their bills and various measures
have been matured and have received theapproval
of both branches of Congress; and 1 have under-
stood that it is believed by the gentleman who has
been, recently appointed to control the financial
department of the Government that the passage
of this one additional measure will give him the
revenue necessary to enable him to meet the vari-
ous demands on the Treasury during the current
fiscal year. I am therefore unwilling to unsettle
what has been done and propose a larger tax on
any commodity whatever.
It would be much more pleasant to me to go
home and say to the people I represent on this
floor that a light tax has been levied than to tell
them that a very heavy one has been levied; and
when those who have been appointed by the
proper authorities tell us that the bills that have
been passed with the addition of this single meas-
ure will enable them to meet all the accruing in-
terest 011 the bonds that have been issued, and to
meet the other debts of the Government during
the current fiscal year, it seems to me that it is
folly and worse than folly for Congress to remain
here for the purpose of unsettling the legislation
of the session with a view of imposing a greater
burden on the people than that which is supposed
to be necessary to meet all the demands of the
Government. If the question was now open, if
Congress had not previously settled on the tax to
be levied on these commodities, I would vote with
the Senator from Massachusetts; but it seems to
me it would be unwise at tliis time to go back
and undo that which we have previously done.
] therefore hope that we shall come to a vote on
this resolution, and that we may be able to ad-
journ at the hour fixed by the Senate and House
of Representatives on Saturday evening.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Clark, Cannes?, Cowan, Doo-
littlc, Foot, Fo&ter, Hale, Italian, Harris, IIlet;8, Ilowe,
Johnson, L.une of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDoug.ill,
Morgan, Moral!, I'onieroy, Ramsey, Slieiman, Sumner,
Ten Ey'ek, Trinnhnll. Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson,
Wlllev, ami Wilson—'29.
NAYS — Messrs. Rtickalew, Garble, Davis, Powell,
Richardson, Kiddie, and SauUbury—7.
ABSENT—Messis. tlrown, Chandler, Collamer, Dixon,
Fessenden. Grimes, Harding, Henderson, Hendricks, How-
ard, Nesimtii, Sprayue, and Wright—13.
So the joint resolution was passed.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
Mr. FOOT. I offer the usual resolution for
the suspension of the 16th and 17th joint rules:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the 16th and 17th joint rules of the two Houses be
suspended so far as respects any bill or joint solution
which may pass either House for the residue of tile present
session.
I will read those rules, to show the necessity
for the adoption of (his resolution. It is one
which is adopted at the close of every session.
Mr. HALE and others. There is no objection
to it.
Mr. FOOT. If there be no objection I shall
not read tliein. It is a question that is to be de-
cided withoutdebate under the rulesof the Senate.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWS.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That Albert Brown have leave to withdraw ills
memorial and other papers from the fifes of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That J. O. Armes have leave to withdraw Ills
petition and otiiei papers from tile tiled of the Senate.
JOHN C. M'CON'NEIX.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the Senate to take up
House bill No. 461, for the relief of John C.
McConnell.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,as
in Committee of the'Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, winch had been repoited adversely
from the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not worth while to read
the bill. It appropriates J,2,000 for the benefit
of 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill had
better be read. Il has not been read at all except
by its title.
The Secretary read the bill, which directs the
Secretary of theTreasury to pay to JohnC.Mc-
Connell the sum of $2,000,-in full payment'for
money advaneed-a!nd service rendered in raising
troops in the State of Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON, i was about to say that the
Committee on Claims reported against the bill
because there was nothing before them, as the
chairman told me, to show that that amount of
money was expended; bat I know personally
that he spent a much largersum than that in rais-
ing troops who were mustered into the^service,
and so informed the honorable chairman of that
committee. I believe he has now no opposition
to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator is mistaken
about speaking to the chairman of thecommittee;
it was I. The tshairman of the Committee on
Claims is now in the chair. The committee re-
ported against this claim because there was no
evidence, at least no sufficient evidence, before
the committee to support it. The Senator from
Maryland says it was within his knowledge that
the money was paid.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. Upon that statement I have
no objection to the bill passing.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
NORTHERN INDIAN SUPERINTKNDENCY.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to allow a vote to be taken on a mo-
tion to reconsider a bill. It will only occupy
one moment. It is Senate bill No. 59, to consol-
idate certain Indian superintendencies. TheSen-
ator from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson] who in-
troduced the bill has no objection to having it
reconsidered, with a view of letting it go over to
the next session.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator if that
includes northwestern Iowa?
Mr. HARLAN. The bill proposes to consol-
idate Minnesota with Dakotaas an Indian super-
intendency. There are someobjections to passing
the bill, but the Senator from Minnesota doesnot
insist on having the vote taken upon it, nor do I.
I desire the vote passing the bill to be reconsid-
ered in order that it may go over until the next
session.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to re-
consider the vote by which the bill (S. No. 59)
extending the limits of the northern Indian su-
permtendency was passed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move that the bill be
postponed until the first Monday of December
next.
The motion was agreed to.
COURTS IN NORTHERN NEW YORK.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move to take up House bill
No. 542, to regulate the pay of paymasters and
military storekeepers of ordnance.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will not press that until I can get a vote
on a bill that was unfinished on Saturday.
Mr. WILSON. This will take but a moment.
Mr. HARRIS. But then I shall lose the floor.
Mr. President, I was unfortunate, perhaps I may
say, withoutimpropriety,disappointed in notget-
ting the floor upon a bill of some considerable lm-
poitance to my constituents on Saturday night
until a large amount of business was transacted.
When 1 succeeded in getting the floor and getting
tile bill before the Senate, I was fortunate enough
to obtain an emphatic judgment of the Senate m
favor of its passage. 1 desire very much to take
the effect of that judgment. It can be passed in
a very few moments; and I hope the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts will not oppose my having that
bill taken up and having a vote taken upon it. I
desire to say further to the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] that I hope he will not by mdi-
tection attempt to defeat the bill when he sees that
a large majoiity of the Senate are in favor of it.
I appeal to the Senator from Illinois whether or
not lie considers it lus duty to pile on this bill
amendments which he does not himself approve
foi the pui pose of defeating it when two thiids of
the Sena'e are in favor of its passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
York certainly will remembet* that the Committee
on the Judiciary deliberately considered thisfcafe-
ject. It is not pYoper to speak of what individ-
uals did; butasHhe ol-gan of that committee I cafi-
not consent certainly to take one judge outof thte
general rule which we agreed upon. *. r
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ■ 'The Chair
most state to Hhc, Senator'that debate upon the
merits of a bill is not in order on a motion tt>
take up. ■
Mr, TRUMBULL. I only wish to make that
suggestion to-the Senator from New York.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the Senatorfrom Mas-
sachusetts will allow me totakeavote on that bill.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir. 1 withdraw my
motion.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 32, to
regulate the sessions of the circuit and district
courts for thenorthern district of New York,and
for other purposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 must object to taking- up
that bill. It involvesthe question of raising the
salary of the judgeof thenorthern districtof New
York; and if his case is taken up, I must insist
that we shall equalize the salaries of the judges
generally throughout the United States. His case
is not peculiar. The Cohinjittee on the Judiciary
have determined not to raise salaries generally.
If the Senate, however,, is of a different opinion,
that the salaries ought to be raised, then I think
we should do justice to the other judges; and I
must insist upon amendments to carry out that
objcct if the bill should be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the \Vhole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (FI. R. No. 32) to regulate the
sessions of the circuit court and district courts for
the northern district of New York, and for other
purposes, the pending question being on the mo-
tion of Mr. Trumbull to amend the bill by add-
ing at the end of the foui th section the following:
And In lieu of the salary now paid to tlic judge of tho
district court of tiie United States for the State ofOonnp.c-
ticm, there shall he allowed and paid quarterly to the said
judge out of the Treasury of the United States the sum of
$3,500 per annum.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senatorfrom New
York allow me to pass some resolutions for the
printing of documents?
Mr. HARRIS. I cannot. I shitll lose a vote
on the bill if I give way any longer. I will not,
at this stage of the session, attempt to debate this
question any further; but if any amendment shall
be put upon this bill by which it shall be neces-
sary to send it back to the Houseof Representa-
tives, I shall abandon it. Although the bill is
important in its other provisions in relation to the
rearrangement of the courts in this large distiict
of New York, and I regard it as very important
independent of this question of salary, yet if it is
changed in any way so that it shall have to go
back to the House, 1 shall abandon the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me if there is
an importance in this bill that the Senatorfrom
New York had better consent to concur with the
report of the committee and adopt the rest of the
bill, leaving out the fourth section, which raises
the salary of this judge; then there will be no
difficulty about it; and let it go over until the
next session, when we can probably agree to scale
the salaries of these judges properly.
Mr. HARRIS, if the Senator will move an
amendment to reduce the salary of the judge in
his own district, which is now £3,500, the amount
that is sought to be paid to this judge of the north-
em district of New York, there will be somepio-
priety in his opposing this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senatorfrom New
York knowsthat the Constitution wouldnotallow
me to do that. lie would not ask me, ccrtainly,
to move an unconstitutional amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. I am not aware of any con-
stitutional objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am very much mistaken
in the provision of the Constitution if it be not so.
I will call the attention of the Senator from Now
York to that provision of the Constitution which
1 think is applicable to such a ease. I am very
much mistaken if it does not provide that the
salaries of judges 
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator need not read the
Constitution. I am aware of the provision to
] which ho refers; but if the Senator desires to
