vm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
that which is always open to them for their
escape from tyranny, and that is the right of
revolution. The nextmove that wilt be made will
be to have a committee appointed whose duty it
shall be to examine the speeches of members be-
fore they are delivered, and determine what shall
and what shall not be said. 1^ is coming to that,
if we do not assert our right under the Constitu-
tion to the freedom of debate.
Now is the time when we ought to indulge the
largest liberty of debate. We are in a terrible
war, daily drawing on the blood and treasure of
the people to keep it up. New questions are daily
presented to us for discussion,and new issues are
constantly before us. We have to meet these
issues, and we must be free to do it. We will not
be free if you establish a censorship over us. I
regret to witness that spirit of proscriptive intol-
erance which is manifested by the dominant party
on this floor and elsewhere toward those who
differ politically with them.
Sir, in this great contest it will require the aid
and support of every loyal man of the North to
put down armed rebellion and restore the Union.
Those who are responsible now fof the restora-
tion of the Union, if they could comprehend the
task before them, would see at once that they
could fiot ignore a million and a half of Demo-
cratic electors at the North. They must have the
assistance of that element of national strength if
they succeed,and jret they seem entirely indiffer-
ent toward them."'" You are swift to denounce
every man a traitor or a copperhead who does not
agree with you in all your political dogmas. You
are vehement in your denunciations of every man
who does not to the fullest extent indorse your
present war policy; when there is not one man
among you of the mostcommou intelligence who
does not know that you have entirely changed the
policy of the war, an'd you know that we honestly
believe that that change is unwise,if not ruinous,
to both North and South; yet we have made no
factious opposition to the Administration; we have
given you all the men and all the money you have
asked for, and if you have not succeeded it is not
the fault of the Democracy. We have no faith
in you, but we have faith in the Army if your
politicians will let it alone. And we have faith
in the people. Their sober second thought can
hardly fail to be right.
I find that I am trespassing on the time of my
colleague. I should like to have replied to some
remarks of my colleague from the eighth district
[Mr. Orth] mndo on last evening, m which lie
referred to the Democracy of our State, and es-
•ecially to the Democratic membeis from the
■tate, whom he said were elected on a war plat-
form; he referred to the Democratic Legislative
of the State, and to the soldieis who had pub-
lished an address to the Democracy of the State.
I have not time to make any comments now
upon his speech more than to say that he has not
done justice to the Democracy of the State. I
will, as soon as I can have an opportunity, vindi-
cate my own position and those who agree with
me on the war question in my own State. I
shall vote against the resolution, believing it to
be one of the evidences that mark our tendency
to centralization of power and to despotism. For
the present I can only express the hope that our
gallant Army in the field may be successful in
putting down armed rebellion, that the Union
may be restored, and that peace and prosperity
may once more bless the land.
Mr. HARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, before
entering upon what I desire ,to say with reference
to the extraordinary resolution now before the
House, it may not be improper for me to make
my acknowledgment to my colleague, the Speaker
of this House, for the courtesy he has extended
to me in giving me the floor on this occasion.
However I may differ with him with reference to
the policy which he may pursue and which he
has pursued upon this occasion, I trust I am not
so bigoted in my notions that I cannot extend to
him an appreciation of the courtesies which he
has extended to me; and in the remarks which 1
shall make in reference to the position which my
honorable colleague occupies in reference to the
resolution before the House, 1 shall allude only to
his political position, for it is that and not his in-
dividual position that appears before the country,
I am aware, as has been stated by my colleague,
that we are in the midst of a war and revolution
Si
which are exercising the mind and energies of
the nation. lam aware that not only my col-
league and his friends,but myself and every other
member who has at heart the interests of our
country, are sorely exercised on account of the
rebellion that now distracts our country. I am
not, sir, one of the number that has ever given one
silent thought or one word of encouragement or
countenance to the rebellion that would tear
asunder this once happy country and leave the
people, whose prospects were so bright, and who
bade fair to overshadow the nations of the earth,
in danger of an absolute destruction of the in-
stitutions under which they live.
1 was surprised, Mr. Speaker, when I entered
this House on Saturday last to find my colleague
not in the usual place which has been assigned
to him by a majority of this House, and which
he has filled with satisfaction, I believe, to this
side of the House; J know he has done so as far
as I am concerned, and I have no doubt he has
done so to the satisfaction of the entire House.
I say I was surprised when I found him on the
floor as the prosecutor and accuser of. a brother
member, offering a resolution of expulsion. I felt
that his position would give eclat before the coun-
try to the chaige he had made. I did not ques-
tion his light to take the step; but,sir, I do ques-
tion the propriety of our woithy Speaker turning
prosecutor and common informer, instead of leav-
ing the matter to other gentlemen upon the floor,
who were certainly as able and willing to assume
these duties, and retaining his position as Speaker
in the chair. In that respect I believe the reso-
lution that has been introduced for the expulsion
of the gentleman from the second district of Ohio
has a feature of which there is no record in the
annals of this House.
Having said this much with reference to the
nature of the prosecution, and without impugning
at all the motives of my colleague, I will simply
add this remark, that I regard this proceeding as
partisan, and not as one prompted by patriotism.
It is a partisan movement to send before a dis-
tracted country, which already reels and staggers
beneath an accursed rebellion, one more cause of
dissension for political ends, the ends of the party
to which my colleague belongs—a party which
would baptize the nation in blood, provided that
from that baptismal font they could rise triumph-
ant in the coming election. I may do injustice to
the gentleman, but I express my opinion honestly
and without reserve.
Having said this much with":refercnce to the
natureof this prosecution and the intention which
I believe exists on the other side of the House
to build up the Jacobin party to which they be-
long, i pass on to addiess myself for a moment
to the remarks of my colleague from the eighth
district.
I was somewhat struck when I came into the
House last evening and saw my colleague [Mr.
Orth] in a perfect exhibition of contortions, his
hands and fingers flying like a thousand streamers
from a pleasure-boat, defining the position which
I and other Democrats of Indiana had occupied
in the canvass of 1862. 1 do not question his
right to do so, but I must say that after listening
to my honorable colleague, who until I foimed
his acquaintance in this House was to me a
stranger, the rhodomontadc was pretty much all
there wasofit. He presented himself as the ex-
ponent of the issues in Democratic districts in thdl
State of Indiana, and claimed that he had a thor-
ough knowledge of the principles upon which my-
self and other members on this side were elected
in the full of 186:2. 1 wish to call the attention of
the House for a few moments to the issues in the
third congressional district. I will not speak of
the seventh; the gentleman from the seventh dif-
fers from myself on some points. 1 cannot and
will not speak for the second or fourth congres-
sional districts; the membeis from those districts
can speak Air themselves; they are in their scats.
My colleague says that the issue in all the dis-
tricts that are now represented by certain Demo-
crats on this side of the House in the fall of 186*2
was that we were for a more vigorous and ultra
prosecution of the war than the Republicans them-
selves.
Mr. ORTH. I excepted theTerre Haute and
Evansvillc districts, but m all the other Demo-
cratic districts of the State that was the issue as
I understood.
Mr. HARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I am
glad my colleague did except these districts, for
really 1 do not know what the issues were in the
others. Hut he includes my district, which is the
third, and says he understands that the issue was
in substance this: that the Democracy were fora
more ultra and vigorous prosecution of the war
than the Republicans, and that therefore my op-
ponent, Hon. Mr. Dunn, was defeated. The
gentleman is slightly mistaken. On the 8th of
January, 1862, a State convention was held at In-
dianapolis, at which I had the honor of being a
delegate, representing in part the county of Jef-
ferson.
The gentleman [Mr. Orth] is well aware that
in the canvass of 1862 he attacked the platform
of that State convention. Mr.Speaker, I voted
for that platform and indorsed it. My competitor,
Hon. William McKee Dunn, charged upon mo
ia the canvass that though he believed I was loyal
to the country at heart, and though he acknowl-
edged my services at the breaking out of the war
in assisting to raise forces to overcome this rebel-
lion, still 1 had the stigma upon me of having
been a member of that convention. 1 never
avoided the point, and preferred to meet the issue
fairly. I said in the canvass to those who heard mo
that 1 was a member of the 8th of January conven-
tion; that I voted foreach plank in that platform;
and that if they could not indorse that, of course
they would not indorse me. That was theground
I took before the people at eve/y hustings, for
we had a joint debate throughout the district of
eight weeks.
What was in that platform? Among other
things was a resolution declaring that we were in
favor of a war for the purpose of maintaining the
Union—the Union as it was and the Constitution
as it is—but that we were opposed to a war for
the purpose of subjugation. That was in the
platform, and it was read and rung by my com-
petitor on every stump. I was fora prosecution
of the war within the Constitution, and for the
sole purpose of overcoming resistance to the
execution of the laws, and maintaining the con-
stitutional rights of all and the integrity of the
Union. I know the temper of the people whom i
represent; they have furnished their quotas with-
out draft from the first to the last call of the Pres-
ident, as they intended for the purposes I have
indicated. 1 do not speak of this boastnigly, but
to show the folly and madness of those on the
other side who think that God has vested in them
all the patriotism, manhood, and decency of the
country.
That platform, Mr. Speaker, was not only in-
dorsed by me upon the stump, but was made a
part of the congressional platform upon which I
acccpteda Democratic nomination. After declar-
ing tor a prosecution of the war, in favor of which
I now am, (hoping as I do for a change of Ad-
ministration,) it also declared that—
" Wc licteby adopt as a pari of the present plaifonn the
platform of the Democratic convention held ai Iiniiauapo-
lis, in the Slate of Indiana, on tlic 8th ol Janu-uy,
Having said this much in reply to him— 1 know
my colleague will not deny the statements I have
made—I desire to present another question with
legald to the canvass in the third district, in that
canvass I declared myself m favor of the prose-
cution of the war, in favor of furnishing white
troops and money for that purpose; and I pledged
myself to my constituents that I would never vote
a dollar to put the black barbanan in the Army
beside the scar-worn veteran soldier, nor for the
puichase of his emancipation. This was and is a
matter upon which the citizen and the soldier in
and from my district are extremely sensitive. I
pledged my self to them, and I have kept that pledge
faithfully, and will keep it. Point to your records
and you will find that when you have attempted
to raise negro soldiers, and you have tried to
get my vote for that purpose, it has been given
against it. I lepeat that 1 pledged myself against
it to my constituents, and had I betrayed them and
voted for it upon this floor and return to my con-
stituency, I ought not to have been permuted to
remain in my district for an hour. 1 believe 1
would have been driven out by violence. 1 know
in such case 1 would be an object of disgust to a
patriotic and overburdened people.
Sir, my constituents are ready to give you
white soldiers to put down the rebellion, but they
want nothing to do with the negro soldiers who
