1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1591
have boon introduced into our armies for the pur-
pose of freeing them under the abolition pretense
that they are expected to fight the battles of the
country, when itisknown they will give no fight-
ing strength to our Army, but will be the cause of
a humiliating annoyance to our western soldiery.
While on the stump dunng the canvass in my
distiictin 18621 asked my competitoi whether he
was in favor of the emancipation of the slaves and
the taxing of white men to pay for them, and
whethet he was in favor of bringing the negroes
into the Army to share with the white men of my
distuct the glory of lighting the battles for freedom
and the Constitution. When I put that question to
him he said, No, I am in favor of using them to
fortify and dig trenches and save our soldiers from
such labor. To this 1 had no objection. I undertake
to say that any man who would come into that dis-
trict and advocate the enlistment of negro soldiers
and taxation of the people for emancipation would
lose half the Republican vote, certainly would lose
a large portion of it, and the district is Democratic
by fifteen hundred votes. Indiana wants no
negroes to fight her battles. I am aware that
another feeling prevails in another section of the
country. 1 know that the people at home in
New England want negro soldiers, because the
people at home have no stomach for the fight; they
want the negro to fight battles foi them. [Hisses
in the gallery.] Such demonstrations do not dis-
turb me. They are the men who hang about to
disturb a deliberative body and want negroes to
fight their battles or at least fill the quotas of their
States. Indiana and the West send white men to
the armies of the country, who with their own
strong i ight ai ins hui i the bolts of war against the
enemy with a prowess that adds a noble fame to
the ai ms of the country.
So much for the canvass in the third district of
Indiana. I thought this much was due to my
constituency. 1 have said it with no feeling of
disrespect for my colleague, because 1 know him
to be too honest a man to misrepresent me or my
people or any people knowingly.
Mr. LOUTWELL. With the assent of the
gentleman I desue to ask if he has any evidence
on which he bases the remnik that the sohheis
of New England have no siomach for lighting?
iVlr. HARRINGTON. I did nut say soldiers,
sir, but the people at home in some of t hose States.
Of those men 1 can only judge by their R"pre-
ventatives upon tins floor, who vote for negroes
to fill their quotas. Wc have no need of nejfio
soldiers in Indiana. Indiana has always filled
up hot quota on every call promptly with white
sokheis. The gentleman asks m reference to
New England soldiers, j did not speak of New
England soklieis, i spoke of New England llep-
ie&entative.s and citizens who do not go into the
Army.
Mr. LOUT WELL, f call the attention of the
IIouso to the words of the gentleman, that New
England soldiers had no stomach foi fi^htm^.
Mr. HARRINGTON. Not the soldieis, the
people who do not fill her quotas.
Mr. BOUT WELL. What, evidence has the
gentleman that the people of New England have
no stomach for fighting?
Mr. IIAIIR1NGTON. The evidence of their
representatives who came to Indiana to lecruit
negro soldiers to fill their places.
Mr. EOUTWELL. I will ask the gentleman
whether he has any evidence that any lecruiting
officer from New England has gone to Indiana to
teciuit negro soldiers?
Mr. HARRINGTON. There is no doubt of
the fact of Governor Andrew having such re-
cruiting agents in Indiana. I know it by circu-
lars which were issued tlieie, and from the fact
that negroes in my own town and district were
reciuit'-d and sent to join Massachusetts regi-
ments. It was dene openly.
Mr. ROUT WELL. 1 wish to say 
Mr. HARRINGTON. I hope the gentleman
will not take up all of iny time.
Mr.ROUTWELL. I de^ue not to take all
the gentleman's time, but I wish to ask the gen-
tleman to point to any vote of any Representa-
tive from New England, upon this iioor or else-
where, to justify the icimuk made by him. Sn,
no poition of this Union would have suffered so
little from peaceable .secession as New England.
Yet, sir, having control of one half the maritime
power of the country, she rallied to the cause
of the Republic. She has sent her men without
stint; she has poured out her blood from fiist to
lastin defense of the Union. I know of no act of
her Representatives to justify the remark that her
sold terser her people have no stomach for fighting.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I say u of your people
at home, because you want negeoes to do your
lighting for you, and their Representatives have
this session voted for enlisting negro slaves in the
Army. Indiana has never had a draft. She has
filled her quotas by volunteer white men. Can
the gentleman say as much for his State? You
have had a draft there.
Mr. ROUT WELL. Very likely there will be
no draft there, but 1 will say that if an enrollment
is ordered it will be carried into effect, and sub-
mitted to without the intei vention of any mob to
prevent it. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. HARRINGTON. We have no mobs in
Indiana, but the loyal white men volunteer and
fight the battles of the country, and do not go
round seekng for negroes to do it for them. [Hiss-
ing in the galleries.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE, I rise toaquestion of order.
I think we have suffered sufficiently from the
manifestations of New England men m the gal-
leues. [Cries of " Order!" from the Republican
side of the UoUfif.]
Mr. GRINNELL. I object to unv man saying
here without authority that New England men
alone create disturbances in the gallei ies. [Cries
of "Oiderl" from the Democratic side of the
Ho use.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order,
and have a right to be heard.
Mr. GRINNELL. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I believe that New England
men in the galleiies are making these disturb-
ances. [Cries of i( Order !" ''Order!"] You can
call order as much as yon please, but I have the
floor. I make the point of otdcr, and I repeat it,
that I believe it is New England men who are
making these distui bances in the galleries; and if
the House has any respect for itself it ought to
put a stop to their interference with its delibera-
tions. [Ci tes of{< Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. ANOONA. 1 think the noise is made by
shodd v contrectoi s.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Whoever is making this
distuibance ouj>ht to lie excluded fiom the gal-
11 lene.s. 1 insist that the Chair shall pi eserve oi der.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
endeavor to observe the i ules of the House. The
Chair will ha\e (lie rule read for the information
of tlie galleries.
Mr. 110LMAN. The Chair is armed with am-
ple powws to preset vo older in this House, and
1 hope he will ( xen i*e it.
The SPEAKER pro tnnporc. The Chair will
exercise it when it becomes necessary to do so.
Mi. ELDRIDGE. I give notice ih. a [shall
move t*i clear the galleues if another disturbance
is made.
Mr. GRINNELL. I hope that this motion
will not be made at this time. L(,t the gentleman
give notiec that he will make that motion if the
distill banco a^ain occurs.
Air. ELDRIDGE. That is what I proposed
to do, and I will insist on the motion if the galle-
ues undei take to show approval or disapproval
of what occuis upon this floor.
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish to say, Mr. Speaker,
that 
Mr. HARRINGTON. I cannot yield to the
gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. GRINNELL. I do not want it to go out
that New England men- 
Mi. ELDRIDGE. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Iowa is out ot order, and will take his seat.
The Clerk will tead the rule, for the information
of i he gaiki tes.
The Cictk lead, as follows:
9. In cat!! ot" ate* .irstuihance or thsordeily conduct m
the <Mlleiie-5 or lobby? tlie Spoakei (oi chairman of the
Com ip lit"'* of I he Who!" Uou->e) shall have power to outci
the bailie to l)'j cleared.55
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chairgives
! notice that he will enforce the rule of the House.
Doot keepers are directed to remove from the gal-
leries any person who makes any disturbance
whatever.
Mr. HARRINGTON. One further remark in"
regard to the speech of my colleague from the
eighth district. ' He stated that forty thousand
soldiers mustered into the Army were decided
Union men. They are Union men. Tin; very
factoftheir volunteering without a draftand with-
out force is the best evidence that may be asked
that they were Union men. But then, Mr. Speaker,
when 1 have heard during this session on that
side of the House that our Army is an abolition
Army, 1 know,as far as the gallant soldiers from
the West are concerned, it is not true. They feel
bitterly the fact that by the power of the Admin-
istration and under an act of Congress the negro
is to be placed alongside of them, and to be in the
same mess, according to the strict rule of military
discipline. I say the armies of the country are
not abolitionists so far as the West is concerned,
and you will find it out sooner or later. They
hate abolition. They hate the abolition leaders
m this House. Hundreds and hundreds of letters
have poured m upon the members on this side
of the House ftom western soldiers, from officers
and men, denouncing the abolition sentiment on
that side of the House. Whoever says the sol-
diers of Indiana are abolitionists, that they are
willing to share the same camp and to mess with
negroes,slanders them. I know what I say when
I make this statement. They are for the Union.
Why should they pert! their lives unless they are
for the defense of the Union and the rights of all
under the Government of our fathers?
In the opinion of the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Davis,] in the opinion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] no one
has helped to suppress the accursed rebellion
which has shot athwart the Union the red light-
ning of this war but their party and the devotees
of fanaticism. Let me tell you that the soldiers
will hurl back this ci y of yours to full upon your
heads like the bolts of Heaven. They will do it
at the ballot as citizens and free electors when the
proper time permits.
So much, then, for the gallant soldiers of In-
diana; I do not wish to consume the time of the
House furtherin reply.
I have said that the resolution which is now
before the House was not prompted by patriot-
ism, but by a desire for party advantage, and
from mere petty pro tisan motives, in my opinion.
Why, the best evidence I have of that ts that the
gentlemen who ate horrified at the remarks of the
gentleman from the second district of Ohio, [Mr.
Long,] and of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mi. IIaruiSj] have been subscribing largely for
their speeches to circulate among then constitu-
ents and over the country. While the gentleman
from Mai yland was speaking I saw an exhibition
which I never expected to see in a deliberative
body. Almost the entire members of that aide
of the House crowded around him, looked htm
m the face, grimacing and laughing tmmodet ately,
as it (hey d'vsned to betray lum into passion and
into some indiscreet remark. Why this? You felt
your fortunes weie failing; you thought that
something was necessary to retne\e what you
have lost and ate losing befoie the country; you
j hoped you could lay the charges against the
i gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Harris] at the
! threshold of thcdoois of gentlemen upon this
' side of the House and the party they represent,
and that you could go befoie the country and
chaige that the sentiments of that gencieman, and
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Long,] were the
sentiments of the Democratic party, our labor,
gentlemen, is in vain; your tricks have been too
long before the people for any such ?.hrewd oper-
ation to succeed.
The gentleman ftom the Galena district ot Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburnf.] rose m his seat, and with
considerable, dignity and with a gieat deal more
bluster than dignity, said that thus speech of the
gentleman from Ohio was the key-note of the
canvass ! Thekey-noteof tlie canvass ! He knew
better. He knew that upon this side there were
! but four members who by act or vote had enun-
ciated such doctunes. Do you think you can
| toy and play wuh the people in this manner and
I titus vote your President or yourselves into a new
! lease of power? Key-note! Look upon the votes
| given upon this sale; four men at the outside reck-
1 oil! n£T are all who are in favor of such sentiments.
■ Tlie Democratic party upon this floor represent
| a million and a half of doctors. Such mbrepte-
