1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Increase.
298 New England banks out of 5U9 show perfect
report?; 60 of these $%410,154
252 other eastern banks out of 525 show perfect
reports; 58 of these  3,7119,790
550 banks in eastern States out of 1,034 show
perfect reports; 118 of these   $6.209,944
Estimated increase of all the banks east of the Allegha-
nies and including western Pennsylvania, $13,000,000 iji
six months.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes the
duty of the Chair, under the order of the Senate,
to announce that a recess will now be taken until
seven o'clock this evening.
evening session.
' The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p. m.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.'
The bill (H, R. No. 450) to provide for the
"repair and preservation of certain public works
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
PRINTING OF AMENDMENTS.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to have an amendment printed which I pro-
pose to offer to the bill (S. No. 286) to prohibit
the discharge of persons from liability to military
duty by reason of the paymentof money.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be received, and the order to print be
made, if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
Mr. WILSON submitted amendments which
he intends Ko offer to House bill No. 405, to pro-
vide internal revenue, &c.; which were received,
and ordered to be printed.
POVT OF ENTRY AT PLATT8BUROII.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to suspend all pre-
vious onlers, and take up the bill (II. R. No.
120) to reestablish the principal port of entry for
the district of Champlain at Plattsburgh,and for
other purposes. I think there is no objection to it.
Mr. CLARK. I hope we shall not postpone
the bill before the Senate.
Mr. MORGAN. This bill will not take time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) If there be no objection, the motion
will be regarded as carried, without displacing
the legular order.
The bill (H. R. No. 120) was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to repowl
the third section of an act to equalize and estab-
lish the compensation of the collectors of the
customs on the northern, northeastern, and north-
western frontiers, and for other purposes, ap-
proved March 3,1863, changing the port of entry
for the district of Champlain from Piattsburgh to
Rouse's Point, and to reestablish Piattsburgh as
the principal port of entry for that district, at
which the collector of customs shall reside; and
a deputy collector is to reside at Rouse's Point,
and be vested with ail the power and authority
given to deputy collectors by law; and all vessels
coming into Lake Champlain from Canada,
through the Richelieu or St. John's river, arc to
enter and leport to him.
Mr. MORGAN. Atthe suggestion of the Sen-
ators from Vermont, I move to strike out the last
clause of the bill in these words: " and all vessels
coming into Lake Champlain from Canada,
through the Richelieu or St. John's nver, shall
enter and report to him."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in. The amendment
was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be
read a third time. The bill was read the third
time, and passed.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
405) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes.
Mi. CLARK. Theie are several amendments
which have been unanimously agreed upon by the
Committee on Finance to perfect the bill, and
while Senators aie coming in perhaps the pend-
ing amendment may be informally passed over,
and I can offer these amendments m behalf of the
committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be done
by unanimous consent, there being a pending
amendment. If there be no objection, that will
be passed by for the time being to consider other
amendments moved by the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend by striking
out, in the first sectionof,thebill,the words " an
office is hereby created" in the Treasury Depart-
ment to be called the office of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue; and the President of the
United States is hereby authorized to nominate,
and, with the advice and consent of the Senate
to appoint, a Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
with an annual salary ofjJ4,000,'who,"and in lieu
of them to insert, 44 the Commissioner of Interned
Revenue, whose annual salary shall be $4,000."
I will state what is the object of this amendment,
and several others which I shall offer in connec-
tion with it. It is to prevent the giving of new
bonds by the Commissioner, Deputy Commis-
sioner, cashier, assessors,and inspectors} &c.
Mr. JOHNSON. Leaves them in under the
present law ?
Mr. CLARK. Leaves them in under the old
law. The office of Internal Revenue Commis-
sioner was established by the old law, and I pro-
pose to lot him stand under the old lav/, so that
his old bond will hold good.
Mr. WILSON. I doubt the wisdom of this
amendment, and I have prepared an amendment
that I intended to offer to this section, requiring
that immediately after the passage of this act the
President shall appoint a Commissioner. I desire
to have this bill so framed that it will lequire the
Appointment of a new Commissioner immedi-
ately. 1 think the great interests of the country
demand it. 1 think that it depends very much
upon the man what we are to receive as revenue;
that some men will raise from fifty to one hun-
dred million dollars a year more than others. I
have not a word to say against the gentleman who
at present fills that office, but in my judgment it
requires one of the very first men of this coun-
try to fill that place. He ought to be a man fit
for the office of Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States. The salary ought to be larger
than $4,000; it should bp at least §6,000. I find
in this bill that the Commissioner, who ought to
be one of the foremost men of this country, a
man fit to take any Department of this Govern-
ment, is to have $4,000 a year, while some col-
lectors in some of the districts may have $5,000.
1 do hope that we shall notattempt to legislate
the present Commissioner in his place; but I
hope that it will be so amended that it will.in-
quire that a new Commissioner shall be sent into
this body, and that the Executive will understand
that we demand one of the first men of this
country. We want a man who wdl cast his eye
over the whole country, who will sleep with his
hands upon the wires, who will know every man
under him, who he is and what he is, and ali about
the condition of every district of the country.
We want a man of power, of influence, who
knows how to interpret the l.tws, anil how to ad-
minister the laws. We want the President to
understand that if such a man is not sent in the
Senate will not confirm him. 1 hold this to be
one of the most important things before the
country; that in assessing these great taxes upon
the country there shall be put at the head of the
Internal Revenue Department one of the ablest
men of this country.
There is nobody who will pretend that the
present gentleman, respectable as he is, is that
man. Few men in the country are fit for the
place, very few men; and I think the Senate
should demand in passing this bill that if we have
such a man m the country he shall be put at the
head of this great department of our Govern-
ment. The present condition of our finances
demands this action, and we shall be false to
duty if we fail to place a first-class man at the
head of the Internal Revenue department, which
is to collect three fourths of the revenues of the
nation.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to call the at-
tention of the Senator from New Hampshire to
1 one point in the proposed amendment. 1 believe
I all our courts have held that when you change
the duties of an officer, or impose a new duty upon
; an officer, the securities that he formerly gave aie
j not bound.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That depends on thecharr
acter of the bond and the farm of the jaw.'.
.Mr. RICHARDSON. I am told by gentlemen;
around me that the Supreme Court have-decided-
the reverse of w.hat Ihave said. If so, I *un.xtiis-
taken, . < '
Mr. TRUMBULL. If my colleague will allow,
me, I will state that',it depends on, the character
of the bond and of the law. The bond may be 8&
drawn as, to mike the securities reaponsible.for*
additional duties imposed upon,the officer, ,and £« .
think that was provided probably in the other
law and in the bond. If £6, the securities-are*
bound.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My opinion Had been,
in reference to the law on th%t point that you
had to require4he securities to give their assent
before they were bound.' • -
Mr. TRUMBULL. . Not If the law provided.
when the man took the office, and the bond pi:o^
vided that in case other duties should -be cast-upoa
him, he would discharge the duties of the office
and any additional duties Imposed upon him by
law. 't'hen if the securities enter into that bond
with that understanding, I see no difficulty.
Mr. McDOUGALLv That is the law undoubt-
edly; but is that the case in this instance?
Mr, CLARK. I did not suppose, Mr. Presi-
dent, that it was the object of the House of Rep-
resentatives or of the Senate in framing this .bill;
to legislate the Commissioner out of office. I
should agree with much that has been said, per-
haps with all that has been said by the Senator from
Massachusetts tn regard to the qualifications of
the person who shall hold this office of Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. It should be filled
by a man of extraordinary ability, of fino talent,
and great watchfulness; but I did not suppose that
Congress would wish to take the extraordinary
course of abolishing the office and establishing a
new one to get nd of the incumbent. If that be
so, and the Senate come to the conclusion that it
is best for them to retatn the provision of the bill
for the purpose of turning out the incumbent and
establishing a new office, then I suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts that that should be
done in regard to the whole of them, that you
should not'.single out by legislation this one man
and discharge him in that way. I submit to the
Senator whether it would not be best to make the
effort in another direction, because if you legis-
late the man out of office you have no surety that
the President will not appoint the same man.
Mr. WILSON. The Senate can take cure of
that.
Mr. CLARK. That may be or may not be. I
think we have had a great deal of experience in
that direction. I think it may be worth the Sen-
ator's consideration whether ir. would not be best
to lot the bill be perfected; let the amendment be
made in Committee of the Whole, and letussee
what we get from the bill, and then he can retain
his control of it in the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. McOOUGALL. Having just -come tn,
and not understanding, exactly the run of the de-
bute, I should like to know how the amendment
affects the status of the present Commissioner.
Mr. CLARK. The amendment that I propose
allows the present Commissioner to remain in his
office. It does not abolish the office or create a
new one. I move the amendment for that pur-
pose, to leave the Commissioner in his old office,
with his old bond standing until he is removed,
or in some other way out of the office. I will
suggest to Senators,as I have done already, to let
the'amendment be adopted and let us perfect this
series of amendments; let us see how the bill
looks, and then the Senate will have conirolover
it; and if when the Senate is fuller it chooses to
take the extraordinary course suggested for the
purpose indicated, 1 do not know but that it will
be wise: I do not know but that I shall go with
the Senator from Massachusetts if that is thought
to be best. 1 concur with him m his object to a
very great extent, but I should desire to reach it
in another way ir i could,
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a whole series of
.! amendments now offered by the Senator fiom
i j New H amps line, simply to carry out that idea, m
l! older to avoid impairing the validity of the bonds,
!! to recognize the offices as continuing. The Picki-
