THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
July-4,
the petitions andalmasta'is&of the friends of these'
dllier judges; who said!that'they were in seoirii-:
tion of absolute destitution, and would have to
seil' their foofs, ofer their heads unless, within:
some few months relief was granted by Congress^'
or abandon lShmi' positions,, and in their .old age"
gmbaek to the bar if thayace fit to go there, or
undertake to discharge some other dutyj
The Senator from Pennsylvama;[Mr. Cowan]
says I shall soon get eloquent; and rather than
sach a calamity as .that should befell the Senate
I will stop. [Laughter.]
vvMiEssAdB rio3i inE iroirsB. '
_ A message from th.e House pf Representatives,
by Mr. T.t.ovu, its Chief Cleik, announced that
tbe House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendment of the Senate to the re?oln oo;of:the
IJpusc fixing a day for closing the present session
of Congress. . . ... , . .
i The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the resolution of
tie Senate to suspend the ]0h and 17 th joint rules
of the two Houses for the reside of the session.
■ REVENUE COMMISSION.
J_ Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senatorfrom New
'fork to al!o\yme to introduce a joint resolution,
to, which jt kn.ow there will be 110 objection, to
appoint a commission upon the subject of raising
revenue by taxation.
. Mr. HARRIS.' I yield for that purpose.
* Tiy unanimous consent, leave was granted to
ipt_rpdu.ee a join? resolution (S. No. 78) providing
for tKf; appointment of a commission upon the
supject, of raising revenue by taxation; and'it was
reajl l\ffic.e by its title.
v',lSlr. SHERMAN. .1 ask,for the present con-
sideration,of the. resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to hear the reso-
lution read before I consent to its consideration.
_ The joint re;solutjori was read. It proposes to
iju'thonze the Secretary of the Treasury to ap-
point a commission of three persons to inquire
and report at the earliest practicable moment as
to the best and mpst^ciUcient mode of raising by
taxation such additional* revenue as, may here-
after be found necessary in order to supply the
wants of the Government, with power to tpke
testimony^
' By unammcius consent, the joint resolution was
eonsidered as in Committee of tlie Whole.
, Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that in order to
carry outtlie purpose of the resolution effectively,
spine one should be empo.wered to study the ays-
te'ms of taxation in European countries, especially,
in England and Prance, tfiegreat taxed countries
of the wrorld. Hhinkso'meone probably should be
instructed to visit those countries and put himself
in connection with the administration of the tax
systems there and make a report upon them. 1
tli,ink>e should all be gainers by that. I do not
ftnow but that that may be done under the reso-
lution.
, Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think the words are broad
enough to cover the necessary examination. In
framing the present tax law we found ourselves
constantly emburrassec! by the diverse statements
df different persons. We propose to have testi-
mony taken witli deliberation,and by commis-
sioners, on which we can act in framing any
clianges that may hereafter be made.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed fur a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MBSSAHIS FEOM TUB IIODSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills of theSenate:
A bill (No. 343) making an appropriation for
testing submarine inventions; and
A bill (No. 34G) for the relief of Richard G.
Murphy.
The message furtlierannounced that the House
of Representatives bad passed a joint resolution
(No. 121) granting additional compensation to
the employes of the two Houses of Congress; in
which it requested the concurrence of theSenate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Themessage furtlierannounced tlmttheSpeaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
Allowing enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which were, thereupon signed by the President
prolempore:
A bill (S. No. 138) to regulate proceedings in
cases between landlord and tenant in tbe District
of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 185) to establish a branch of the
Mint of the United States at Dalles City, in the
State of Oregon;' ■
A bill (S. No. 246) for the relief of seamen and
others, not officer's, borhe ott the books of vessels
wrecked or lost in the naval service;
A bill (S. No.34fj)for the supervision, repairs,
liabilities, and completion of the Washington
aqueduct;
A bill (H. R. No. 244) to guaranty to certain
States whose governments have been usurped or
overthrown a republican form of government;
A bill (H. R. No. 305) to restrict the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims, and to provide for
the payment of certain demands for quartermas-
ter's stores and subsistence supplies furnished to
the Army of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 406) supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to grant pensions,"approved
July 14,1862;
A bill (H. R. No. 411) to encourage immigra-
tion;
A bill (H. R. No. 461) for the relief of John
C. McConnell;
A bill (H. It. No. 510) further to regulate the
carriage of passengers in steamships and other
vessels;
A bill (H. R. No. 534) toauthorize the Secre-
tary of the NaVy to provide for the education of
naval constructors and steam engineers, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 549)-further.to regulate and
provide for the enrolling and calling out the na-
tional forces, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 573) making an appropria-
tion to carry into effect an act to prevent smug-
gling;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 119) explana-
tory of a joint resolution relative to pay of staff
officers of the Lieutenant General; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) imposinga
special income tax.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and-by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
349) to provide for the survey and sale of the
mineral lands and to extend the right of preemp-
tion thereto; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of the
president of the Marietta and Cincinnati Railroad
Company, remonstrating against the extension of
the Goodyear patent for the manufacture of vul-
canized India rubber; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Charles
Wilkes, praying for indemnity for damage to his
property, in the city of Washington, by excava-
tions made in theadjacentslreets, below the grade
of those streets, by persons acting under the au-
thority of the Government, and compensation for
earlh and gravel taken from his premises and used
111 the improvement of other streets in said city;
which was refeired to the Committee on Claims.
COURTS IN NORTHERN NEW YORK.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (H.
R. No. 32) to regulate the sessions of the circuit
and district courts for the northern district of
New York, and for other purposes, is before the
Senate as m Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that tbe Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator from Kansas was
good enough on Saturday night to withdraw a
motion that he made in order that a bill for the
relief of a widow whose husband has been lost
in the service might be taken up. It is a House
bill that has been reported unanimously by the
Committee on Pensions of the Senate. It is not
more than three or four lines, and can be passed
in a moment. I ask the Senatorfrom Kansas to
withdraw his motion to allow me to ask the Sen-
ate to take up the bill for the relief of Deborah
Jones.
Mr, HARRIS. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. FOSTER. If theSenatorobjects, of course
it is the end of the bill.
. Mr. HARRIS. I must insist on:a vote upon
the bill before the Senate.*
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I insist on my mo-
tion. My experience is that the best way to get
all these bills through is to go in to executive ses-
sion, disposeof ourexecutive business, and theft
open the doors and pass the bills.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 am surprised that the Sena-
torfrom Kansas should be so persistent in this
matter. 1 only ask for a vote on the bill.
M;r. WILKINSON. I ask unanimous consent
to make a report.
Mr, HARRIS. I cannot consent. I must hare
a vote on this bill if 1 can.
Mr. WILKINSON. Perhaps the Senator will
notget'a vote very soon.
Mr. LANJ0, of Kansas. I insist on my too-
tion that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
which is to add to the fourth section of the bill a
provision making the salary of the district judge
of the United States for the district of Connecti-
cut $3,500.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 8, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs*. -Foster, Hale, Ramsey, Sprague, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, and Wilkinson—8.
NAYS— Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Carhle, Clark,
Conner, D.ivis, I)ool title, Foot, llailnn, Harris, Hendricks,
Hicks, Ilovve, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Morgan, Mornil, Pomeroy, Powell, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Van Winkle, Willpy, and Wilson—25.
AC SENT—Messrs. Bi o wu, Chandler, Col lamer, Cowan,
Dixon, Fesscndcn, Grimes, Harding, Henderson, Howard.
Me'Dougail, Nesmith, Richardson, Riddle, Wade, ana
Wnght—16.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I feel it myduty to offer another
amendment to this bill. When 1 go home and 1
am asked what were the peculiar merits that au-
thoiized Judge Hall to be picked out of all the
judges in the United States and his salary raised,
i shall not know what answer to give to the very
worthy gentleman who is judge in my State, and
who has to go to Boston to hold court and gcta
very much less salary than Judge Hall. I otTer
this amendment to be added to the fourth section
of the bill:
And iu lieu of the salary now paid to the judge of the
distuct court of the United Stales tor the-State of New
Hampshire, there shall he allowed and paid quarterly to
said judge out of the Treasury of the United States tho sum
of.$2,5G0 per annum.
I ask for the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I see that the policy ia
to wear out the session on this bill. I move to
dispense with prior orders and to take up House
bill No. 421. It is the bill for the relief of the
Globe, that its publication may be continued.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the Senator from Indi-
ana will not press that now. I do not think this
kind of opposition can be carried much further.
I do not think there is a disposition to do it. I
think the Senator from New Hampshire after he
has had a vote on his amendment will allow the
vote to be taken on the bill. I shall not persist
much longer if i find there is a disposition to take
up time in this way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. By the opposition call-
ing the yeas and nays on every district in the
United States we may consume the residue of the
session; but I will withdraw my motion until I
sec whether we can soon come to a vote on this.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Hale, resulted—yeas 6,
nays 29; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Foster, Hale, Sumner, Ten Evek,
Trumbull, and Wilkinson—6.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Carlile, Clark,
Conness, Cowan, Davis, Doohttie, Foot, Harlan, Harris,
Hendricks, Hicks, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, MeDougall, Morgan, Morrill. Pomero>, Lowell,
Ramsey, SuuKbury, Sherman, Sprague, Van Winkle, VVii-
ley, and Wilson—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Collamer, Dixon,
Fessendon, Grimes, Harding, Henderson, Howard, Nes-
mith, Richardson, Riddle, Wade, and Wright—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
