1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3545
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 consider it my duty as
the organ of the committee that reported in favor
of striking out one section of the bill to make that
motion in the Senate and ha?e a distinct vote on
it. I move to strike out the section increasing
the salary of the district judge of the northern dis-
trict of New York. It is exceptional and con-
trary to the report of the committee, and X move
to strike out that section, and on that motion I
should like to have a vote of the Senate by yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of K ansas. I again renew the
motion to proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the vote. It
will take no time.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator from Kansas is
very persistent. He must have some object.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I withdraw my mo-
tion.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out the fourth section in the following
words:
•find be it further enacted, That in place and ill lieu of the
salary now paid to the judge of the district court of the
United States for the northern district of New York, there
shall be allowed and paid quarterly to said judge, out of the
Treasury of the United States, the sum of $3,500 per year.
Mr. HARRIS. I only desire to say that if this
section is stricken out the bill must go back to
the House of Representatives.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. JBuckalew, Carlile, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Howe,'Lane of Indiana,
Ramsey, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, and
Wilkinson—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Davis, Dooiittle,
Foot, Harris, Hendricks, Hicks, Johnson, Lane of Kansas,
McDougall, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Powell, Saubbury,
Sprague, Van Winkle, and Willey—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Collatncr, Dixon, Fessen-
den, Grimes, Harding, Henderson, Howard, Nesniith, Rich-
ardson, Riddle, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time, and
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to suspend all
prior orders and take up House bill No. 421, to
pay in part for publishing the debates of Con-
gress, and for other purposes.
Mr. CARLILE. With theconsentof the Sen-
ator from Indiana, as this proposition may lead
to some discussion, I ask him just to let it be
passed over informally to take up the House res-
olution which proposes to increase the compensa-
tion of the employes whose salaries do not really
afford them a support. ["No," " No."l
Mr. HENDRICKS. This is of much more
importance. We shall save time by putting this
right through. Nobody objects to it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am about to move
to proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, but before doing so I wish to introduce a
resolution.
Mr. HALE. I object*
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This is the usual
resolution, I will say to the Senator from New
Hampshire, to wait upon the President.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. Theresolution
will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, Thata committee of two members be appointed
on the part of the Senate to join such committee as may be
appointed on the part of the House of Representatives to
wait upon the President of the United States and inform
him that, unless he may have further communications to
make, the two Houses, having finished the business be-
foie them, are ready to adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we are not ready to
adopt that yet. It is not twelve o'clock, and we
have not finished the business.
Mr. MORRILL. I object.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I insist upon a vote on
the proposition which I have submitted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Indiana to
proceed to the consideration of the bill in relation
to the Congressional Globe.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a very important bill.
! should like to have it read.
The Secretary read the bill. The first section is
a direction to the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House of Representatives to purchase
from the publishers of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix, for each Senator, Representative,
and Delegate in the present and each succeeding
Congress, who has not heretofore received the
same, one complete set of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix.
The second section provides for paying to the
publishers of the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix, by the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, out of
the contingent funds of the two Houses, accord-
ing to the number of copies of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix taken by each, one
centforeveryfive pages exceeding three thousand
pages for a long session or fifteen hundred pages
for a short session, including the indexes and the
laws of the United States for this and each future
Congress.
The third section appropriates $98,544 for the
purposes named in the act for the present Con-
gress; $30,424 of it to be disbursed by the Sec-
retary of the Senate, and the remainder by the
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
The fourth section repeals all acts and parts of
acts inconsistent with this; and contains a pro-
viso that the preceding provisions are made upon
the express condition that they may be abrogated
by either Congress or the publishers of the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix atany time after
giving two years' notice for that purpose.
Mr. HALE. 1 move to strike out the first
section of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. An amendment of this
bill now is its defeat and the defeat of the Globe.
It is a subject that is settled, and I hope no amend-
ment will be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have an amendment to
offer to test the sense of the Senate. This is a
very important measure, entering into a contract
involving at least $100,000 per annum. 1 have
presented a resolution which was carefully pre-
pared and submitted to the Committee on Print-
ing, directing an inquiry to be made into the pro-
priety of continuing the present publication of
the Globe, and also into the cost of the building,
materials, &c, I ask that that resolution be read,
and I wish to'offer it as a substitute for the pend-
ing bill. I do not want to delay the Senate; if a
majority are determined to pass this bill, I shall
not stand in their way; but 1 should iike to have
a vote on my resolution as a substitute for the bill.
Mr. HALE. My motion to amend is first in
order, I suppose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that my proposition
be read for information.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio that we may as well test the sense of
the Senate on the amendmentof the Senator from
New Hampshire. It is understood that any
amendment defeats the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think, if my resolution
is read, Senators will see that probably the defeat
of the bill would make no great difference. I ask
that the resolution be read as pait of my remarks.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Superintendent of Public Printing be
directed to ascertain the actual cost of reporting the pro-
ceedings of Congress, and of the publication of the reports
as they now appear in the Daily and Congressional Globe.
Also, what would be the cost ot the pnohcation of reports
of the concessional debates if published under the direc
tion of the Superintendent of Public Printing. Also, what
arrangements, if any, eould be undo with the heirs of the
late John C. Hives lor the puicliase of the materials and
the purchase oi rent of the buildings used in the publica-
tion of the Congressional Globe. Also, what sum, if any,
ought in equity to be allowed to said heirs for the publica-
tion of the Globe duiing the ptesent session and until Con-
gress shall determine whether to extend or change the
publication of the Globe. Ako, that the Superintendent
of Public Printing communicate tins information to the
Senate at its next session, with any other facts on the re-
porting and publication of congreisioun! debates that he
can obtain.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire to strike out the first section of
the bill after the enacting clause.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now more to strike out
the entire bill after the enacting clause and insert
the resolution just read as a substitute for it; and
on this motion I foi lift' yeas ami nay.= ,
The yeas and nays were ordered.-
Mr. TRUMBULL, i wish to make an inquiry
before the yeas and nays are taken. Cannot thia
investigation bo made just as well after as before
the passage of the bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill, if passed, will
operateasacontractfortwo years. 1 do not think
we ought now to make any contract until we have
this information. I have an estimate carefully
made by an actual practical printer, showing that
the work can be done in the Government printing
office at the prices now paid, and 1 believe the
official report of the Superintendent of Public
Printing will show that this work can be continued
at its present cost to the Government; and con-
sequently all that is proposed to be paid for back
numbers and future numbers is substantially s
gratui ty,which we can save by continuing the pub-
lication of the Globe ourselves. I am willing to
vote for a liberal allowance to the heirs of John
C. Rives for the loss they may have incurred
during the present session, and this inquiry will
bring out and ascertain that loss. I here say be-
forehand that if it shall appearafter this report is
made that the heirs of John C. Rjves have lost
by continuing the Globe during the present ses-
sion and shall lose during the next session until
the time weact upon the subject finally, I for one,
as an individual Senator, will vote to repay that
loss. I do not think we ought now at this stage
of the session to make a contract so important as
this without full information.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I recollect that some years
ago a similar inquiry was made to that now pro-
posed by the Senator from Ohio, and we had a.
response to it. I cannot recollect now, I have
not investigated it, what the precise reply was;
but at any rate it was not such that Congress
thought proper to take any action upon it. The
late Mr. Rives was known to us all; he was an
unassuming, quiet man, and I think strictly a
truthful man, one of the most honest and liberal
men, in a quiet, unobtrusive way, that 1 ever
knew. I had several conversations with him in
his lifetime, and I know that the Globe was the
peculiar pride of his life, and he was continuing
it as he told me at an actual loss. We all know
how expenses have increased since.
I do not want to do anything more than is ne-
cessary to be done; but I think the Globe ought
to be continued; I do not think we should sus-
pend the publication of it; and certainly we can-
not ask any one to continue it as a matter of
pride. We cannot ask the heirs of Mr. Rives to
do that, and we ought not to have asked him to do
it. I am inclined, therefore, to vote for the bill
which has been passed by the House of Represent-
atives, and after that I shall be willing to vote for
the inquiry proposed by the Senator from Ohio,
and if it turns out as he supposes it will, we may
abrogate the arrangement.
Mr. POWELL. 1 desire to say in behalf of
the Joint Committee on Printing that we have
given this matter of the publication of the Globe
the most mature consideration, and both the com-
mittee of the House of Representatives and the
committee of the Senate came to the conclusion
that the plan now proposed in the bill before us
is the very best thing that could be done. That
is the mature conclusion of the committee. The
House of Representatives have passed the bill,
and I hope the Senate will pass it. Then, if the
Senator from Ohio desires to have his resolution
adopted in addition, I shall have no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 shall detain the Senate
but a moment, and nothing but a sense of public
duty would induce me to say a word. This is
substantially a gratuity of §100,000 a year for
books in violation of the lav/ of Congress under
which we are paid. I am notdisposedto vote for
it. I am as friendly to Mr. Rives as any man in
the Senate. I remember the inquiry that was
made before, and the result of that inquiry was
to take off the very thing that this bill now pro-
poses to put on, and that is the one fifth of a cent
a page for the extra pages.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the
Senator from Ohio a question. This is the first
time in my life I ever heard it suggested that#
Government could do work of this land as cheap
as individuals. I should like to know how itcan
be done.
Mr. SHERMAN, In reply te that, I wslisay
that we have actually made the experiment, and we
