1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
used, because such a tax as that would attract very
great attention in the country, and if it were im-
posed I am sure it would be very profitable,
though I do not know how popular it would be
in certain quarters.
Mr. POMEROY. I feel no particular interest
in this amendment myself, but 1 wish to state that
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Henderson]
feels a great interest in it; and the effect of the
amendment, as he suggested to the-Senate the
other day, is that taxing stemmed tobacco kin
fact taxing the raw material. The pfocess in the
West, especially in Missouri, now, is to take the
stem out of the leaf and ship it. It is like ship-
Ding the raw material formerly. When we had
water communication from the West all the way
to New York, tobacco was shipped to New York
in the stem, but since the communication is cut
off by the way of N&w Orleans, and the article
must be transported by rail all the way, the to-
bacco is stemmed before it is shipped, and the
stemming process has no more to do with man-
ufacturing tobacco than taking off the stalk has.
The expense of transportation by rail is so much
now that the tobacco raised in the West, in Mis-
souri especially, cannot be sent East by rail in the
stem. This taxing at thirty-five cents a pound
with the stem out is taxing leaf tobacco as raw
material thirty-five cents. Thatis the effect of it,.
I do not know that that is too high a tax; but it
will have this effect: the manufacturing of it will
have to be done West instead of East, because it
will not bear transportation by rail all the way to
carry the stems.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know that it affects
the process of stemming, and it is necessary to
tax the tobacco in this form to prevent a great
deal of fraud. I am told by the Senator from
Kentucky that not much of it, if any, is manu-
factured in this country, but that it is carried to
the coast and exported. It is necessary, there-
fore, that it should be taxed in this country the
same as other tobacco is, in order to prevent
frauds and prevent its use without the tax; and
if it is afterwards worked up in this country into
cavendish or other forms of tobacco, it pays no
additional tax, because the discrimination is made
by taking out the stems and the process of sweet-
ening. Where the stems are out and the tobacco
is taxed, it does not bear any additional tax if it
is worked into cavendish or anything else.
Mr. POMEROY. What is the tax oil leaf to-
bacco under the old law?
Mr. CLARK. I cannot tell the Senator pre-
cisely now.
Mr. SUMNER. There is none on leaf to-
bacco.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought there was none,
and this is virtually a tax of thirty-five cents a
pound on leaf tobacco.
Mr. CLARK. On tobacco after it is stemmed.
Mr. POMEROY. The stemming process is
no more than taking out the stalk.
Mr. CLARK. I understand it, and it stands
precisely the same in the amendment I propose
as in the bill that came from the other House.
It does not make any alteration in that particular,
except that in the other provision the stemmed
tobacco is liable to be taxed again when it is
worked into cavendish, plug, or twist. That
ought not to be. It should only be taxed once.
I think if Senators will examine the provision
they will see, on looking at line four hundred and
fifty-one of this section of the bill, that stemmed
tobacco is taxed, and there is also a tax on cav-
endish, plug, twist, or manufactured, so that if
stemmed tobacco is not manufactured tobacco,
when it comes to be manufactured it is liable to
be taxed again. We propose a new line of dis-
crimination, which is stemming and sweetening.
Mr. POMEROY. It occurs to me that where
we have imposed no tax before, thirty-five cents
now is rather high. It may not be too high, how-
ever.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the Senator fiom New
Hampshire will permit this amendment to lie over
until the Senatorfrom Missouri, who feels a very
deep interest in it, shall return. He will be here
to-night or to-morrow morning. It is a matter in
which the people of Missouri are deeply interested;
and 1 will say to the Senator that the people ot
my State are becoming very deeply interested,
as are all the other people of the Northwest. As
I understand the proposition it will operate to the
injury of the Treasury, and only to the advantage
of railroad corporations thattransportourtobacco
to the eastern markets, and to the advantage of the
large manufacturers of tobacco. However, I may
not comprehend it, but I prefer that it should lie
over.
Mr. CLARK. I think it is very evident the
Senator does not comprehend it.
Mr. GRIMES. Is the Senator willing, that it
should lie over?
Mr. CLARK. If such is the pleasure of the
Senate. I want to make as much progress as we
can; but if Sentors are ready now to take up the
bank amendment I am entirely willing.
Mr. BROWN. I trust the Senator from New
Hampshire will permit this matter to lie over.
Mr. CLARK. Very well; I am willing to let
it go over.
Mr. POWELL. If the question is going to
be laid over I should like to have the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, that order will be made.
Mr. POWELL. I think the last amendment
moved is very wrong, and should not be adopted.
It needs modification, certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
properly before the Senate, which was passed
over by unanimous consent, is the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to section
one hundred and nine.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the question is fur-
ther debated I will modify the amendment by
making the tax on circulation one sixth of one
per cent, instead of one fifth of one per cent, a
month.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent that modification will be made on the
suggestion of the Senator from Ohio, but the
amendment, having undergone amendment al-
ready, is placed beyond his control.
Mr. SHERMAN. One sixth of one per cent,
a month would be two per cent, per annum on
circulation up to ninety per cent, of the capital
fltock paid in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The modifica-
tion will be made by unanimous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That modification being
made, let me state the difference between the two
sections. There is the same tax on deposits and
the same on capital in the section which the com-
mittee reported as in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio; but while we propose a tax of
one per cent, on circulation he proposes two per
ccnt. Then there is a difference m the time of
collecting the tax.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
Maine if in the bill as reported by the committee
tliere is not this discrimination against the State
banks that the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio contains?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Upon their issues over
ninety per cent, of their capital stock there is a
tax of one half per cent, semi-annually, which
cannot 1>e on the issues of the national banks, for
the reason that they can only issue ninety per
cent, of the amount of bonds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was putin to make
them equal and to prevent the excess of circula-
tion. The national banks now can only issue
ninety per cent, of the bonds they deposit.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But you tax all the issues
of State banks, whether below or above ninety per
cent., one half per cent, semi-annually fiist, and
then you impose an additional tax of one and one
half per cent, semi-annually on State bank issues
which cannot be put on national bank issues.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator understands
that the national banks can only issue ninety per
cent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We allow the State banks
to issue ninety per cent, of their capital on pre-
cisely the same terms and conditions. We design
if they go over the ninety per cent, to put so heavy
a tax on them as will make it unprofitable. The
object is to restrict them also to ninety per cent,
of their capital. It is notadiscrimmation against
them, because we do it merely for the purpose ot
bringing them to the same ratio with the national
banks precisely.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand then thedif-
ftreiicc between the taxation of (lie two systems
is to be leeirned by taking this bill in connection
with the bank bill. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. We tried to make it equa!,
and I think we did.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was reluctant to saf
anything further on this subject this evening?——
Mr. McDOUGALL. Before my friend from
Indiana proceeds, I should like to hear the amend-
ment read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The words pro,>
posed to be inserted' by the Senator from Ohio in
lieu of section one hundred and nine will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment. .
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was remarking that I
was reluctant to ask the attention of the Senate
to-night, for I am npt in. a condition to- discuss
this .question on account of my health; but J am
not willing to ask for a delay, in,the consideration
of any part of this bill. An early adjournment
is desired as,much by myself as by any other
Senator, and I-shall there/ore submit now a very
few remarks in reply to some arguments pre-
sented by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,.}
The Senator from Ohio, with his usual frank-
ness, states to the Senate that the purpose of his
amendment is not so much revenue as to drive
the State banks from,the field,and to give up ths
commercial field not to the Treasury in its issue
of Treasury notes, but to the system of national
banks about being established, which was pro-
vided for by a law at a former session. I sub-
mit to Senators that that is not a proper motiyn
to govern us in legislating on a.revenue bill. Thi$
purports to be a bill- to raise revenue; its, con'
sideration is claimed on the part of the Senata
on the ground that it will increase our revenue,
that it will supply to the Treasury that revenue
which the condition of the country demands.
Then, when we are legislating for that purpose,
is it proper that we shall depart from that pur-
pose with a view of striking a blow at any in-
terest in the country? To legislate against the
State banks with a view of driving their currency
from the commercial world is not an effort to
raise revenue, but an effort to favor one system
of banking to the prejudice of another; and [sub-
mit that this is not a proper consideration to gov-
ern us in legislating upon a revenue bill.
But the Senator discusses the merits of the
State banks; and first he says that thoy furnish
but a local currency, that they cannot regulate ex-
changes. This is a very old argument, an argu-
ment that has been used from the time I believe
that a system of national banking was first ad vo-
cated. I suppose that we of the North westarc as
much interested in the question of exchange as
the people in any other part of the country. The
eastern States are not much interested in that
question. The exchange for a number of years
has been so tiifiing as not materially to interfere
with the operations of our trade. Our currency
at the West has been so good, it has had the con-
fidence of the country to so great an extent, that
exchange has been but very trifling against our^
section of country. *"
But the Senator says that the State banks fur-
nish but a local currency, that the currency fur-
nished by the State Bank of Indiana or of Ohio
is not well received in the eastern States. Thai
is not ail aigument in favor of revenue; it is not
an aigument to be addressed to the Senate, in my
judgment. It might be an argument to be ad-
dressed to the Legislature of Indiana or of Ohio
if a proposition weie pending in the Legislature
to repeal the charteis of those two banks, but
with us it is not a consideration as [attempted to
suggest a moment since.
The Senator's mam argument, however, is upon
this proposition, that the inflated condition ot the
cuirency is the evil of which we now eomplum.
That is true; and he says that §167,000,000 of
this currency is furnished by State banks; but
does the Senator propose to reduce the currency ?
Does the Senator propose to reduce the paper
currency of the country by $167,000,000? By
no means; he proposes simply to drive from the
channels of tiade a currency in which the people
have confidence, and to supply its place with ei
currency that the people have less confidcnoe
| in. It is to give place for the operations' ot the
| system of national banks. Instead of having
| $107,000,000 of State bank paper, theSemiloi pro-
1 poses by this policy to give us at least $lt)7,000,000
I of free bank paper; a paper that cannot now
