18(14.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1593
live. Is there danger of public opinion beingde-
moralized by two gentlemen on this floor? Is
public opinion so weak that it can be overthrov/n
and turned aside from the channel in which it
ought to be directed by the language and argu-
ments of such men? If so, then public opinion
is not worth preserving and representative gov-
ernment is gone. I tell you, sir, that were there
a serried phalanx of steel in this Hall I would
not surrender one jot or tittle of free expression
of opinions in debate in this presence; for the mo-
ment you have surrendered that you have sur-
rendered the vital principle of free government.
Neither would I approve or indorse a sentiment
detrimental to the interests of the country. I
would battle it here as becomes a man and Rep-
resentative; battle it face to face. I would place
the fiat of my condemnation upon it, and trust to
the intelligence ofapatiiotic people and the events
of time to decide the controversy. Any other
will allow a majority to practically disfranchise
the minority of the country.
Why, sir, the gentlemen upon the other side,
who seek now to put down the debate in this
House by means quasi forcible, know the weak-
ness of their cause or their fanaticism. Their
cause is not weak if they are for their country,
but their fanaticism is intolerable; it abandons
reason and leans to force. Sir, you may pros-
trate the body, you may fetter it, but he who
undertakes to prostrate the human mind by force
undertakes to walk over the decrecs of God.
Mind must battle with mind, and if left free for
the conflict, right and justice will prevail. Force,
quasi force, cannot overcome the human mind,
and any attempt to accomplish the object by that
means will result in disaster.
We on this side claim the right of free discus-
sion. My opinion was, and is still, that the con-
stituents of any gentleman on this floor have the
right to demand that he retain his sear, and even
though he utters sentiments disorderly, senti-
ments distasteful to a majority of the House, sen-
timents that may be injurious in their tendency,
injurious to the country at large, you cannot dis-
franchise the constituency who sent him here.
When he goes back and asks for their suffrages,
if he has abused their trust he will not receive
their vote. If he is, however, indorsed by them,
then he faithfully represents his constituency,
and you have no right to say that the second dis-
trict of Ohio shall not be heard upon this flofcr.
When you require by a vote that lie and they
shall be silent, we are no longer a representative
body; you wiil have become an oligarchy, the
few in this House controlling the masses of the
people and sitting in judgment upon what shall
or shall not be public opinion.
Mr. BROOMALL. I rise for the purpose ot
offering an tunendment to the pending resolution,
and when it shall have been read, I desire the
floor for a short time for the purpose of giving
my reasons for offering it.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Whereas Alexander Long, a Repiesentative from the
Becoml district of Ohio, by his open dcclatatious in the na-
tional Capitol and publications hi the otty of New Y<>i k,
has shown him-elf to he in tavoi ot a recognition ot the
no-called contedTaey now ttymtf to establish itself upon
the inin.s ol our country, thereby giving aid and comfoit to
the enemy in that dotiuetive purpose—aid to avowed
tiaitois nfcreating an illegal go\emmpnt wit Inn our bor-
ders, comfoit to them by assutances of their success and
affirmations of the justice of their and vvheren?
such conduct at the smie tune evidence of disloyalty
and inconsistent with his oath of oifice and lus duty as a
member ot tins body : Thereiore,
Resolved, That the <?aid Alexander Long, a Represent-
ative ttom the second district ot Ohio, he, and he is hereby,
declared to be an unworthy member of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Resolved, That the Speaker shall read these resolutions
to the said Alexander Lono during the session of the
House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order;
and I ask, in oider to ascertain whether tins is a
proper time for raising it, whether the gentleman
offers what has been now read as an amendment
at this time.
Mr. BROOMALL. I offer that as an amend-
ment now, but do not desire a vote upon it till
Thursday, p. m.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then my point of order
should be now raised. If it is the desire, how-
ever, of gentlemen upon the other side of the
House, I din willing the Chair should reserve
his decision, and that the vote, if any should be
had upon it, may be reserved until another period.
I raise the point now, before it shall be too late,
and before any laches shall occur on this side of
the House to prevent it.
My point of order is this: that the speech of the
gentleman from the second district of Ohio was
made in Committee of the Whole, and that if ex-
ceptions were to be taken to that speech, they
should have been taken in committee and reported
to the House. The remarks to which exception
was taken should also have been taken down in
committee, and should have been read to the com-
mittee before any other business was done under
the rules of the House.
I then take this further point of order, that after
the committee rose, even if this point of order was
not available in committee, as 1 suppose it was,
then it should have been immediately taken on
the report of the chairman of the committee to the
House, and the words should have been then taken
down, then read, and then entered upon the Jour-
nal, or the point of order could never be made
available. I ask the Clerk to read the 61st and
62d rules of the House.
The Clerk read the rules called for, as follows:
"61. If any member, in speaking or otherwise, transgress
the rules of the House, the Speaker shall, or any member
may, call to oidei; ju which case the member so called to
oidor thai! immediately sit down, utiles permitted to ex-
plain; and the House sli^li, if appealed to, decide on the
case, but without debate: if there be no appeal, the de-
cision of the Chair shall he submitted to. If the decision
be m favoi of the member called to oider, lie shall be at
Jibeity to proceed; if otherwise, he shall not be permuted
to proceed, in ease any member object, without leave of the
Uouxe; and it the ease require it, he shall be liable to the
oen<ure oi the House.
if a nicmbet be culled to oider for words spoken in
debate, the peison calling him to oider <-h;dl lepeat the
words excepted to, and thev shall be taken down m writing
at the Uloik'd table; and no member shall be held to an-
swer, or be suited to the een&uie of the House, for words
spoken in debate, if any other member has spoken, or other
business has intervened, after the words ppuken, and be-
fore exception to them shall have been taken."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I make this point of order:
that what could not be presented as an original
proposition could not be presented as an amend-
ment at this time. That 110 pioposition as an
amendment could be entertained now which could
not have been entertained at the time the words
were spoken, and that, the words not having been
taken down and other business having intervened
without any exception being; made, the House
cannot receive the gentleman s substitute.
Mr. BROOMALL. I have 110 objection to the
gentleman going on as long as he pleases, if it
does not coine out of my time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. A point of order cannot
come out of the gentleman's time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is of
the opinion that the point of order does not apply
to the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
xMr. HOLMAN. I rise to another point of
order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I reserve my right to take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
not entirely stated its decision. The preamble of
the resolution here offeied does not propose to
censure the gentleman from Ohio for ntiy partic-
ular speech, but by reason of declarations in the
Capitol of the nation and publication made in the
city of New York. The Chair therefore over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 shall reserve my rightto
appeal from the decision of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Now is the time
to take an appeal.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I shall reserve it until after
the ggatleman from Indiana has stated Ins point
of otror.
The SPEAKER;iro tempore. No pointoforder
can be received until the pending one has been
disposed of.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I now take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. SMITH demanded the yeas and nays on
the appeal.
Mr. BROWN, of "Wisconsin. What are the
grounds of the Chair's decision?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amendment
is ruled to be in order, because it does not propose
to censure the gentleman from Ohio for any par-
ticular language, but for utterances in the national
Capitol, and publications in the city of New York.
Does the gentleman insist 011 lus appeal?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I certainly do.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I did not hear
my colleague's point of order, and I want to hear
it, to know whether I shall vote for or against the
appeal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands the gentleman from Wisconsin to ob-
ject to the amendment because the words of the
gentleman from Ohio were not taken down at the
time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Because the words were
not taken down at the time the speech was ma'de,
and reported from the Clerk's desk; and further,
because, when the committee rose and reported to
the House, the words were not reported, and busi-
ness intervened.
Mr. HOLMAN. In order to avoid making
these points separately, I make the point that the
amendment is not germane to theonginal resolu-
tion. Iask thathyunanimousconsentthesepoints
shall be laid over.
Mr. BROOMALL. Until Thursday morning?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir. 1 make the prop-
osition for the purpose of saving time and trou-
ble. If my point of order is sustained, all others
are of no moment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
now state, for the information of the House, that
he is of the opinion that the amendment is ger-
mane to the original resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. Allow me to state my point
of order in a few words.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. My point is this: that the
original resolution proposes to expel a member
from his seat upon this floor, while the amend-
ment only proposes to censure the gentleman from
Ohio. 1 make the point of order that one is not
germane to the other.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is one
point of order now pending.
Mr. BEAMAN. Then I ask to make a state-
ment. 1 think it was the understanding on both
sides of the House that there should be no voting
to-night.
Mr. HOLMAN. On the original-proposition
only.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 think that to carry out
the understanding in good faith there should be
110 vote taken to-night. I therefore ask that the
points be reserved until Thursday next.
Mr. HOLMAN. I had nb such understand-
ing.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If, however, the
statementmade on the floor of the House was that
there should be no voting, the Chair will reserve
the point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then the proposition is not
consented to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania has the floor. Does the gen-
tleman yield to the gentleman from Indiana?
Mr. BROOMALL. No, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a pointoforder, then.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. One point of or-
deris already pending.
Mr. HOLMAN. \Thatpoint is abandoned pn- *
less my fiiend has it acted 011 now.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir; the Speaker has
reserved it, and my appeal also.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 desiie to raise a point of
order and have the matter reserved.
Mr. BROOMALL. I object to this and claim
the floor.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The gentleman
from Indiana rises to a point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. My point of order is that
the proposition submitted now is not germane to
the original proposition.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point will
be reserved.
Mr. BROOMALL. I offer thatamendment, not
because I am opposed to the original resolution,
but because when I can do one thing and cannot
another, 1 prefer to do that which I can do, even
though it may not be that which I most de-
sire to do. By a vote in this House on last Sat-
urday upon a similai question arising in respect
to the gentleman from Maryland, 1 see very
plainly that we are not going to get a constitu-
tional majority to expel the gentleman fromOhio.
I am confirmed in that opinion by the remarks
which have fallen from gentlemen upon the other
