1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the admission of Mr. Field only for the reason
that ho did not receive the number of votes suf-
ficient, in their estimation, to entitle him to a seat
upon this floor. The legality of the election is
unquestioned. The only objection the committee
urges is that he did not receive votes enough.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts
what number of votes that committee has decided
to be sufficient to entitle a man to a seat upon this
floor?
Mr. DAWES. I was saying that the commit-
tee were unanimous in the conclusion they came
to; that they were unanimous in the resolution
they agreed to report. But in reference to the re-
port, no member of the committee, except the gen-
tleman who made the report, is responsible for the
statements contained m it. The committee were
entirely unanimous upon the resolution; the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Upson] having one
reason therefor, the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Brown] having another, and my distin-
guished friend from New York [Mr. Ganson]
holding perhaps still another reason. But they
all agreed that the resolution should be reported,
and by nojDrocess of reasoning could they come
to the conclusion that the gentleman from Louis-
iana was entitled to a seat upon this floor. This
covers the whole meritsof the case, and it is quite
unnecessary for me, or for any member of the
committee, in the full discharge of the duty im-
posed upon him, to go further than to show that
that gentleman is not entitled to a scat here.
The leason why thegentleman is not entitled to
a seat seems to be briefly this: he has neither law
nor a constituency to sustain him. He has not
law to support him for this reason: the Constitu-
tion of the United States has provided, in article
one, section four, that the Congress of the United
States may prescribe the mode of holding an elec-
tion for Representatives in Congress. The Con-
gress of the United States has prescribed the man-
ner of holding this election. That manner has not
been conformed to in any respect in the .State ot
Louisiana, and therefore thus far and to that ex-
tent the claimant has no law upon his side. Nei-
ther did the election confoi m to the statute of Lou-
isiana, for the leason that the votes were notcast
in conformity to law, nor were they counted or
canvassed in conformity to law. So, then, the
law, so far as that prescribed the manner, the
method, and the requirements of an election, is
totally against this gentleman. Now, he had no
constituency. By that i mean that there was no
election, even in that which the claimant calls his
district, which can be considered by any sort of
rule a proper and just election—a choice by the
Union voters of that district, admitting that the
old first congressional district was the proper dis-
trict 111 winch the election should have been held.
In oider to show that this gentleman was the
choice of the legal voters of that disti ict, you must
show that the legal voters of that distiict had an
uppoitunity to express their choice. J do not
mean to say that a man may not be elected to Con-
gress, under some circumstances, with only one
hundred and fifty-six votes, the total number
polled for this claimant. But when a man in a con-
gressional district of one hundred and twenty-
three thousand inhabitants, and ten thousand legal
voters, actually receives only one hundred and
fifty-six votes, there are almost ten thousand who
have not expressed their choice, if they choose
to stay away from the polls they ate taken to ac-
quiesce in what the one hundred and fifty-six
mendoatthepolls. Undersuch circumstances it
is right and proper to take the vote actually cast
as the vote of the district. But when ncaily ten
thousand of the voters are found to have been pie-
vented fiom appealing at the polls, and you can
bring no charge against them that they voluntarily
lemained away, they cannot be held to have ac-
quiesced in what one hundred and fifty-six men
may have done. Their mouths weie stopped, and
they were not permitted to protest.
Without stopping for one moment to discuss
the piopriety or right of military interference here,
I have to say that the evidence was abundant that
aimed men prevented nine thousand eight bun-
dled and forty-four voteis in that district fiom
expressing their choice at the polls. By what
process of reasoning, then,can it be said that one
hundred and fifty-eix men who were permuted in
one cornoi otthe district, m the parish of St. Ber-
nard, a fraction of the disti ict, to go to the polls
and express their choice, expressed the choice of
ij the remainder of the district, and that that re-
mainder acquiesced in what the one hundred and
fifty-six men did ?
This is the state of the case, and this is all I
desire to say.
The question being on the resolution reported
by the Committee of Elections,
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes 85,
noes 48.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SMITH. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
llaoltcd, tij.u A. i>. Field he allowed the mileage and
p y!hat lie would have been entitled to had lie been a
member of tin-, (Jongi e&s.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee of Elections. [Cries
of" Oh, no; withdraw it.'']
Mr. SCHENCiv. The resolution being ob-
jected to, I must insist on my motion.
Mr. AVASIIBURNE; of Illinois. I submit
that this is a question of piivilege, and has been
so held by the House on former occasions.
The SPEAKER. Such a resolution, at the
close of a contested-election case, has not been
held to be a question of privilege.
Mr. SCHENCiv. 1 am willing that the reso-
lution should be referred to the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. COX. I hope my colleague will allow the
matter lo be disposed of now.
Mr. SCHEiNCK. Well, 1 have no objection.
The SPEAKER. The le.solution is leceivcd,
and referred to the Committee of Elections.
OONSCttll'TION BILL.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sciienck's
motion, and it was agi red to. j
So the i ules wi re suspended ; and the House re- ;
solved itself into tlx' Committee of the Whole on J
the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawks in the chair,) i
and pioeeeded as a spinal older to the eonsnleni- |
tion of Senate bill No. 36, to amend an a<-t entitled '
"An act for eniollmg and calling out the national I
forces, and foi other purposes,"approved Maich j
3,1«63. !
Mr. STROUSE. I move lo amend the thir- '
teenth section by adding atier the w oids "United
States" the woids "and of the Slate couits of1
leeoid;" so that it will i\ad: '
That tin; following pei -on- be, and tliey <uo hei< by, ex-
cepted and exempied tioin the pio\mods of this act, and
t-hall not be liable to uulnai e dut\ under thes-ame, 1o wit. i
sue 11 as a:t: ojeeu d a- ph\-ieaiK oi mentally iniht toi the i
set vice ; the V ice Pi evident f i! tin' United St,ilev, the^hiL'e-i ,
of the vai ion-? eoni !s oj the United Slate.-. and of the Htatc j
couits of leeoid, See.
1 desne to say but a few words in suppoit of i
this amendment, in the section of the original |
bill the exemptions ate \eiy few, including the \
Vicc Presidon t of the United States and the judges J
of the courts of the United States. My amend- ,
mentadds to the exemption list the judges of the j
State courts of record, in my opinion it is no- j
cessary that the amendment should be ingrafted I
on this bill. The chairman of the Committee on ,
Military Alfans, speaking yesteiday of the sub- 1
p'Ct of exemptions, ga\e as a leason why the ,
Vice President and judgesof United States courts j
should be exempted that in some eases great pub-
lic inconvenience might ause fiom their being ,
drafted. j
Well, Mr. Chairman, we are in the midst of a
great war. We know that,at piesent, everything J
must give way to the demands of the military \
service; but I think that this committee will con- j
cur with me in saying that notwithstanding the |
fact that we have a tiemendous rebellion on our ;
hands we still believe in the old and, 1 trust, '
never-to-be-forgotten doctrine, that in tins Repub- ,
lie ihc militaiy must e\er be subordinate to the |
riv11 power. Wo aie hcie'he Repiesentativ( s of j
loyal States and Commonwealths, soveieignties I
in themselves, having theirown constitutions and j
laws, and their courts of justice where matters i
are adjudicated, involving ]ar<re amounts of prop-1
erty as well as the lives and liberties of citizens. :
The power to decide these questions rests in the !
judiciary. I believe that the judiciary,of the coun-
try should be, and is, above suspicion, and that
it should not be annoyed or interfered with by
anything like a conscription or draft.
1 offer this amendment because it is my firrft
conviction that to take away the judges of courts
of record or even to make them pay commutation
money would be something of a'degradation to
them, and would have a tendency to bring our
judiciary into contempt.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the amend-
ment now offered to exempt the judges of the va-
rious courts of record in the various States. It
has been impossible for me to hear (he remarks
Qf the gentleman who proposed it. This Hall is
so miserably adapted for hearing, so much worse
than the old Hall of the House of Representa-
tives, that it is almost impossible to ascertain what
is going on in it. Without having heard the re-
marks, therefore, in support of the amendment,
yet understanding the amendment to be as I have
stated, I have a single remark to make in reply.
A great many very plausible reasons and a great
many spccious arguments may be adduced in sup-
portof amendments of this kind; butif the House
listen to such arguments and begin to ingraft them
upon this bill it is impossible to say where they
will end.
It will be observed that this bill does not exempt
the heads of the several bureaus of the Depart-
ments of the Government. It does not exempt
members of Congress, either in the House or the
Senate; it does not exempt the sheriffs of coun-
ties in the States, nor the prosecuting attorneys^
nor any of the various official personages whose
service:? at home are necessary for carrying on.the
various blanches of the State and Federal Gov-
ernments.
Now, sir, if you begin to exempt these officers
on the ground of the inconvenience of their absence
from theiroffices,jfyou listen to the many specious
reasons that may be urged in favor of the exemp-
tion ofall these vai ions classes of persons, you will
have rendered the bill, like the present law, worth-
less almost for the purpose of raising tioops to
meet the enemy. Such is the character of the
existing law that it has been found almost a fail-
ine in ns piaetical operations in consequence of
the large number of exemptions piovided for.
Wc have cut off a large class contained in this
so-called humanitarian section of the existing law;
and wc have done it with as much regard as we
propeily could to making this bill as stiingentas
possible, and as effctive for the purpose of rais-
ing men to fill oui ai mies, of raising a force suffi-
cient to put down this rebellion, winch, without
some such stringent provision, we shall not suc-
ceed in
The amendment was not agreed to.
The thirteenth section was read, as follows:
Si e. .'hid hr il juilhrr cna<ici], That action two of
the a<M toi cm oiling an<l e.iliiny out the national force*, and
tor ot I)''i put poM*>. approved Aland) 3, 18Gi<, shall be, and
the t-ame iieicbv. amend* d by ftfi i king out all of fvifd sec-
tion a!tei the woid ' enacted.5' and inseuin? the following,
to w it : that tiie iollowuiK peiM) s he. and they aie hereby,
excepted and exempted lioin the pio visions of this act, and
<■Ij.iII not he liable to imht.it y duly unde. the came, to wit:
such a-s aie [ejected a- ph\Mcaliv <>i mentally unfii for the
si'i vice ; the Yiee PieMih nt of the U-mted States, the judges
ot the vai iou-> eon a- ol the Umtt d i.;Ute>, the heads- ot the
\,111011= Ku-eutive Depai tnients oi the Government, lh^
Goveino!-, ot the seveial £tat< and all peit-on" actually in
the nuluai) nt naval -eiviee oi the United States at ihe
time ol (hall oi who have been in Mich s-eivice toi the term
o1 two _ve.ii> dm injf tie' p:e-ent wai, and been honorably
(h-ehar^f d iheie! mm : ami no pe^on^ butsueli as. are heieni
exti-pud .^liall be exempt.
iYlr. COFFROTH. I move to amend section
thirteen by mi ikiit^ out, commencing in line ten,
the- woid*, %'the Vice President of the United
States, the judges of the various courts of the
United States, th" heads of the various Executive
Departments of the (lov ei n nient, t he Govt mors of
the several States.'5 i understood the chairman
of the Military Committee a morfient ago to say
that all the. able-bodied men who can be obtained
aie wanted to put down this n bullion, and that
exemptions should he suspended as far as possible.
Well, sir, it is as much the duty of the Vice Pres-
ident of the United States, fhe judges of the va-
rious courts, the heads of the Executive Depart-
ments, and the Governors of the several States to
aid in the woik of suppressing the rebellion|(^it
is the duty of the private citizen, X am opposed
to the discrimination.
When Senators and members of Congress are
not exempted from the draft why is it that the
