257 0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
compete with the State bank paper. If the Sen-
ator proposes to give us a better currency, if he
proposes to give us a currency in which the com-
mercial world will have greater confidence, if he
proposes to give us a currency that will have good
credit in every portion of the country, he need
not be afraid of the contest between that currency
and the State bank currency, because the better
currency will control the contest and occupy the
field. If the Senator proposes simply to reduce
the currency by $167,000,000, there would be
some force in his argument. I admit all that he
says in respect to the condition of our trade so
far as it is influenced by an excessive paper cur-
rency.' I do not question that; but I do question
the propriety of driving from the field by arbi-
trary legislation a currency in which the people
have confidence, to supply its place by one that
cannot take its place by virtue of its own merit.
" The Senator as an argument against State banks
has said that in the earlier days of the Republic
our statesmen doubted the power of the States to
authorize the issue of State bank paper. I be-
lieve he is correct about that; but it has now come
to be established that the States may charter
State banks and that those banks may issue bank
paper as a currency or as money. That is not a
question now, I believe, and it is hardly worth
while to dig up from tile grave that argument,
which is now disposed of by the decisions of the
courts. I will not discuss the question whether
bank notes are bills of credit prohibited to the
States by the Constitution or not; for the reason
that I assume it to be a settled question by judi-
cial authority. Whether that be so or not, it is
not for Congress to undertake to decide that ques-
tion. The States have incorporated these banks,
they have issued their paper, and it is not for
Congress to decide that the States had no author-
ity to do this thing.
The next -objection made by the Senator to the
State banks is that having failed to redeem their
paper money in gold and silver they have violated
their charters. That aigument might have come
with some force from myself, but I think it cannot
be heard from the Senator from Ohio. The charter
of the Stale Hank of Indiana requires that that
bank shall redeem every dollar in gold or silver;
and why does she not redeem m gold ami silver?
She is prepared to-day to do it; she would expe-
rience no difficulty, as 1 understand, in redeem-
ing her whole circulation in gold and silver. Why
does she not do it > For the reason that the Sen-
ator in connection with the rest of his political
party have made the Treasury notes a legal tender;
and the supreme court of Indiana have decided,
in a case taken before it last year, that it was com-
petent under this law for the State Bank of In-
diana to redeem her issues in this legal-tender
money. It is not. her chartei; it is no action of
the State of Indiana that has enabled the State
Bank of Indiana to redeem in anything else than
gold and silver; it is the policy that has been
adopted bj Congress making the Treasury notes
a legal tender, and enabling the State Bank of In-
diana and every other State bank to discharge
their indebtedness, as it hasenablcd every citizen
to discharge his indebtedness by the payment of
Treasury notes 1 thought it was a very singu-
lar argument coming from the Senator. ina«-
much as the courts have decided that under the
law of Congress the State banks have the right to
redeem their currency in the legal-tender Treas-
ury notes, the Senator cannot say Hint those
banks have forfeited their charters. I suppose he
alluded to the fact that they had claimed to dis-
charge their indebtedness in legal-tender notes
when the Senator said that they had violated then-
charters, and he even went so far as to say that
they had forfeited their charteis. So far as there
has been any decision of the courts on the subject,
those decisions are uniform that the State banks
may redeem their bills m Treasury notes. I be-
lieve that one of the courts in the State of New
Yoik at one time decided that they could not so
redeem then* currency; but the court of appeals,
as 1 understand, has decided otherwise.
The Senator has admonished us that the gold
disappeared in>m the country at the commence-
ment ofthe war. It was not the war that drove
the gold our of the rountiy. K was something
else; and 1 think the Senatorfrom Ohio had some-
thing to do with that pohey which has driven ^oM
out of our country. I think the Senator from
Ohio had something to do with the policy which
has created the distance between the paper money
of the country and gold and silver. By the very
act which authorized the issue of Treasury notes,
those very notes were depreciated in the market.
That law did allow the receipt of those notes in
the payment of customs at your custom-houses,
and to that extent from the first they were a cur-
rency inferior to gold and silver. As I under-
stand, the first issue of Treasury notes which
were receivable in payment of duties never did
fall but to a small per cent, below.gold and silver;
but as soon as that issue was exhausted and this
other class of Treasury notes came into the market
with a prohibition against their being- received in
the discharge of duties, that very instant the dif-
ference between gold and paper commenced in-
creasing, and has gone on until the present time.
That is one of the causes of the depreciation of
the paper currency.
Another cause is its enormous increase. As the
Senator informs us, $400,000,000 have been issued
under one law, and $200,000,000 under another
law, making in all $600,000,000 of paper money
issued by the Government. When the Senator
makes this statement to the. Senate, docs it not
strike every Senator that the statement made by
the Secretary of the Treasury to which I have
alluded, that the depreciation of the paper cur-
rency was owing to the increased circulation of
the State banks, is not sustained? When but
$167,000,000of the bank issues are in circulation,
and $600,000,000 of the Treasury notes are in
circulation, it can hardly be said that the depre-
ciation of the paper currency is owing to these
$167,000,000.
The Senator called my attention to the tables
to be found in the last report of the Secretary of
the Treasury. If I understand those tables aright,
I will make a statement from it. From 1834 to 1840
the average bank paper currency of the country
was $120,904,000; from 1841 to 1845, $82,872,000;
from 1846 to 1850, $117,133,000; from 1851 to 1855,
$173,231,000; from 1856 to I860, $193,228,000;
from 1861 to 1863, $208,206,000. And now 1 un-
deistand the Senator to say that in the northern
States the circulation is nhout $167,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. The statement, in that table
I think shows that it is not any less now than at
any previous pet iod. It is, 1 said, $167,000,000.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 understand that is
about the case, independently of the table fur-
nished by the Secretary, i thought itwaszibout
$168,000,000. Senators will observe that between
1856 and i860 the bank circulation amounted to
$192,000,000; after i860, and between then and
1863, it footed up to $208,000,000, being an in-
crease of only $15,000,000, and since then it has
fallen off very many millions of dollars.
Then, sir, is it fmr to say that the inflation of
the paper currency of the country, and its con-
sequent depreciation, is chargeable upon the is-
sues made by the State banks? The facts do not
sustain the Senator; the facts do not sustain the
Secretary of the Treasury. But, sir, if it be so,
does the Senator or does the Secretary of the Treas-
ury by the present policy propose to remove the
evil ? His proposition is not to decrease the cur-
rency, but to supply the place now occupied by
the State bank issues with money issued by the
i national banks. The amount being maintained,
■ the effect cannot be changed. While we have so
; much currency, while the proportion between the
paper and the gold of the country is as it now is,
we cannot expect papei to conic any nearer to
the gold standard than we now have it.
WhatdoestheSenatorpropose? I do not speak
of his proposition upon this particular bill alone,
but upon this bill in connection with the bank
bill which he has leported. He mfoims us, a's
we weie brfoie informed, that $400,000,000 of
legal-tender Treasury notes are m circulation,
tngpthei with $200,000,000 of interest-bearing
Tieasury note«. lie then brings into the Senate
and advocates the passage of a bank bill author-
izing the national banks to issue $300,000,000
moie of euirency. Accoidmg to his policy we
shall have in the country £900.000,000 instead of
$767,000,000 of papei money. He now shows
that we have ^600,000,000 uf Treusuiy notes,
legal-tender and iMi'Tesl-he.n in^; and that we
also have $167,000,000 of bank paper, which
makes §767,000,000 of paper ciurency, and Ins
policy is to withdraw the £167,000,000 if possible
and to supply its place with $300,000,000 more,
to be issued, not by the Treasury direct, but by
the national banks; and that is the policy of the
Treasury Department by which the currency of
the country is to be reduced and the difference
between gold and paper money removed!
Mr. SHERMAN. I know the Senator does
not wish to do me injustice; itis nota subject on
which that could be desired.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I said expressly,
at least I ought to have said, that I had not the
slightest doubt that the Secretary of the Treasury
had so declared in publiccommunications,and in
every other way, that he intended to reduce the
circulation of United States notes at least equal
to if not more than the amount of national batik
currency issued from time to time. I will now
state a fact to the Senator that within the last
month over sixteen millions of interest-bearing
notes have been retired, and they will be retired
just as rapidly as possible. The Senator is also
probably aware that that species of paper money
was issued under compulsion to pay bounties to
soldiers, and the policy of the Secretary is to with-
draw it just as lapidlyas possible. The amount
fixed by him in his annual report fur the ehcula-
tion of the United States notes was $400,000,000.
The interest-bearing notes are to be retired. Every
dollar of them that comes in in the ordinary course
of payments at the Treasury is canceled and not
reissued. It was issued under the circumstances
by which the Secretary was compelled in De-
cember last to provide for the payment of boun-
ties and other unforeseen expenses of the war.
His own standard, according to his reports, fixes
the amount of United States paper money at
$400,000,000, and just to the extent that national
currency is issued he expccts to retiie United
States paper money. The Government of the Uni-
ted States is ultimately bound fur the redemption
of the national currency. The Senator ought not
injustice to account the $300,000,000 as additional,
but it is a part of the $400,000,000 which is fixed
in the mind of the Secietary as the ultimate limit
of paper money in this country.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not making any
attack upon the Secretary of the Treasuty ; 1 was
not in this connection charging him with improp-
erly issuing the legal-tender notes or the interest-
bearing notes. 1 may have something to «uy
about that directly; but I was attempting* to de-
fend the State banks against the charge made by
the Secretary of the Treasury. He has assumed
to say that it is the presence of the State bank
currency in the market that has depreciated the
national currency. That is not the fact. The fact,
is that the Stole bank currency has been depio-
ciated by the piesence of the legal-tender notes.
This day, in my judgment, the bill^ of the Bank
of the Slate of Indiana would be worth nearly
gold were it not for the fact th.it the bank may
redeem themin thelegal-tendercurrency furnished
by the Treasury. The very fact that the bank
cannot retire her currency shows that it is not in
the way of the national currency. As I stated
before, for three years the State Bank of Indiana
—and 1 believe the same is true uf the State Bank
of Ohio—has b jeu trj* mg to iotirc her circulation;
and she has not been able lo do it, because in the
market it is worth more limit tho greenbaeks*,
and while that is the case the people will not pay
it m to receive greenbacks nuts stead. Can it be
said, then, when the people are simply locking
this money away, putting it in their pockets and
in then* safes, that it is causing an inflation of the
curicncy? It is not the case.
But the Senator anticipated a question that
would of cour.se have been asked him. Heasks,
why does the Sccietaiy of the Treasury then
favor a national ban king system instead of issuing
the notes directly from the Tieasury Depait-
ment' That question lias presented itself to my
mind, and I presume to the mind of every Sen-
ator. Why is it that theSecretaiy of the Treas-
ury has recommended, why dots the Senator
from Ohio advocate, the issue of bank paper by
a national bank under a law such as has been
passed by the Senate, instead of issuingthe notes
directly from the Treusiuy Department ? The
Senator has given one reason, and that reason is
that Governments usually repudiate their obliga-
tion to redeem their paper curtency. Docs the
Senator contemplate a possibility of that soil
