1594
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
April 12,
side, and I am forced with some reluctance to the
conclusion that there are at least one third of the
members of this House who either are of the
sameopinions with the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Long] and the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Harris] or who are under the influence of those
who are of those opinions, or who are so used to
run in the old Democratic? harness and on the
old Democratic track that it will require some-
thing more than we can urge upon this side of the
floor to switch them off of that track.
Knowing that a mere majority of this House is
sufficient for the purpose of my amendment, I offer
it as the best that can be done to show to the peo-
ple of the country the utter abhorrence with which
we contemplate the sentiments of both of those
gentlemen. I would have been glad if we could
rid the House of sentiments of that kind; but I
find we cannot, and I am not willing, in the effort
to do that which we cannot, to lose the chance
of doing that which we can. We can censure;
we can deelarc such members here unfit to rep-
resent constituencies who are citizens of the
United States; but I am forced to the conviction
that we cannot get two thirds of this House to
concur with us in both those opinions.
I have said I desire this House to express its
abhorrence of the opinions entertained by those
gentlemen in the strongest language and in the
strongest way it can under the rules. Iliad the
satisfaction of hearing the speech of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Long.] 1 sat within three
or four feet of him during all the time he was de-
livering-it. 1 plead guilty to one other thing
which has been charged upon this side of the
floor: I subscribed for one hundred copies of that
speech, to send, not to the army of the Potomac,
not to Richmond, not to the court of St. James,
but to those of my constituents who have not
yet found out the entire fullcxtcntof the rebellion
with which we arc engaged.
I may admit also in listening to the speech of
that gentleman I wasgratificd thathe should com-
mit himself to the full length to which he did
commit himself, and 1 say further, if we had suc-
ceeded in expelling these gentlemen, my opinion
is we would have had left worse men than they
in tliis body. I will not say whether upon this
side of the House or the other, but we would
have left wotse men than they within this body.
I bcheve the Democratic party, as at present
organized, lms drifted to the position of the gen-
tleman from Ohio and the gentleman from Mary-
land. 1 have boon fotced to that conviction re-
Uictanily, but I thinlc some gentlemen upon the
other side of the floor do not know themselves nor
the party to which they think they belong. I
was gratified with this honest, open, and avowed
cxptession of what 1 conceive to be modern De-
mociacy.
Some gentlemen upon both sides of the House
seem to have forgotten that that great exponent
•of modern Democracy, Mr. James Buchanan,
laid down the same doctrine expressed by the
member from Ohio in his speech before the House.
They seem to have forgotten that tins avowal of
James Buchanan stands upon record against ihe
•Demociatic party, wholly disavowed up to this
time; and that avowal was, in the spirit of the
language of the gentleman from Oluo, that we
have no right to coerce into good behavior those
who undertake to overthrow the Government of
our country.
Mr. Buchanan did not go to the full extent of
the doctiine of the gentleman from Ohio; he did
not come to the additional-conclusion that we
not only have not the right but that we have not
the power. lie denied the right; and 1 have vet to
see the pioceedings of the first. Democratic meet-
ing or convention held since that time that has
repudiated that idea. Sir, K stands as a plank
of the modem Democratic platform to this day,
and if the gentleman from Ohio shall feel him-
self aggrieved by the action of this House, in case
they should expel him, or adopt my more active
though pel haps less offensive amendment., he will
have the consolation of knowing that at least one
fellow-citizen of mine, one gentleman ftom my
State, really concuis with him in one of his opin-
ions upon this question.
I have said that there are gentlemen upon this
floor—or rather, perhaps, have implied it—who
agree with the gentleman from Ohio. I am satis-
fied of that, although few such have spoken. To
the credit of gentlemen upon the other side of the
floor, most of those who have addressed the House
upon this subject have repudiated that doctrine.
It is a wholesome fact. It shows that at least a
portion of that party is advancing, is taking warn-
ing from the signs of the times; that the great
Democratic truth enunciated by James Buchanan
duringthe few lastmonthsof his presidential term
has been outgrown by the country. They are be-
ginning to believe we have power under the Con-
stitution to coerce evil-doers into good behavior.
I am glad to sec this, and I for one am not sorry
this discussion has arisen, because it shows to us
that the dividing line is to be drawn, excluding
from the Democratic ranks all who will not sub-
scribe to the sentiments of the gentleman fiom
Ohio. I have looked upon some fifty odd gen-
tlemen in this House who habitually vote together
as actually sympathizing with the rebellion, and
I always regretted it. 1 also am of opinion that
many gentlemen on the other side of the House
do not know exactly where they stand. This dis-
cussion will bring out the ideasofgentlemen,and
show who it is that agrees with James Buchanan
and Jeff. Davis—because he is of the same opinion
—and who it is that agrees with us, the defenders
of the country.
Sir, I listened to the speech of the gentleman
from Ohio with great attention, and when it was
concluded I remarked to him, as 1 shall now re-
mark to the House, that he had taken a position
diametrically opposed to gentlemen on the other
side of the House; that theie aie but the two
sides, and that his fellow Democrats must either
go to him or come to us. 1 did not' add, as I will
here, that I believe about one third of them will
go to him, and the remaining two thirds to us;
and the sooner that occurs the sooner will this re-
bellion be crushed. It is impossible to tell thus
far, at least, who it is that agrees with the gentle-
man from Ohio to the full extent of his language.
But one gentleman on last Satuiday seemed to
agiee with him. I allude to the gentleman from
New York, not the one I see immediately before
me, [Mr. Iyernan,] but that other gentleman from
New York who occupied a prominent position in
the city of New Yoilc at the same time that the
Governor of Georgia, then a seceded State, occu-
pied a prominent position in thatState. [Laugh-
ter.] That gentleman from New York had some
correspondence with the Governor of Georgia,
and that correspondence is in evidence here. I
understand in that correspondence he regretted
his inability to assist the lebels in their undet-
taking by sending to them the arms then stopped
in transitu by officers of Government. 1 do not
know whether the gentleman is piesentor not;
but if he or any of his Aiends undertake to deny
this, I will give them a chance. That gentleman
from New Yoik, immediately after South Caro-
lina had seecded, and while secession looked as
if it might become popular and Democratic, ad-
vised the city of New York to set tip tor itself,
to imitate South Caiolma and inaugurate a little
secession there, and become a great city, compar-
able with Venice and other free commercial .cities
of the Old World in the olden time.
Thatgentlemnn agrees with thegentleman from
Ohio—it is not to be wondered at—m the idea that
the people of the United States have no power, in
their collective capacity, to make men behave
themselves. And thegentleman from New Yoik,
thinking probably that notoriety is the next best
thmg to fame, if not quite as good or a little bet-
ter, asks this House to put him into the same
resolution with the gentleman from Ohio. Thcie
probably would be little objection to this from any
quarter. That far the gentlemen on the othjfrside
seem to be committed to the doctrines of Mr! Bu-
chanan.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I rather admire bold trea-
son. I have a respect for my enemy when he
comes out and tells me that the veiy next oppor-
tunity he g< ts he will cut my thioat. That is at
least honest, even if it is criminal. Therefore it
is that I say if t hese gentlemen weie expelled by
! this House for their treasonable utterances worse
| men than they will be left behind. The utter-
[ ances of these gentlemen are the rattles of the
| snake. They are that which gives us warning;
| and we have the same degree of lespect for the
| snake that warns us beforehand as we have de-
j testation for the sneaking copperhead that attacks
I us unawares without giving the smallest notice.
I have said I believe this to be modern Democracy,
and I have said that there are gentlemen on the
other side of the House who have not yet found
it out.
Mr. Speaker, I heard with a good deal of sat-
isfaction the speech of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Kernan.] I must say that with the
exception of the conclusions at which he arrives
I can most heartily coincide with him in what I
heard, without saying that there may not have
been something in his speech which I did notap-
prove. I wonder that the sagacity of that gen-
tleman has not shown him where the party with
which he is acting is dragging him. He is not
the man to raise constitutional quibbles. He is
not the man to shelter himself behind the sup-
posed barriers of the Constitution in his efforts
to prevent traitors being struck at. Many times
during his speech I thought of what I had heard
said of him a day or two ago: that he speaks the
best and votes the worst of any member on the
other side of the House. [Laughter.]
I listened also with a good deal of attention to
the speech of the gentleman from Ohio. I am
sohiewhat embarrassed by the rules of the House,
which forbid alluding to a member by name. As
there are many Representatives on this floor from
the State of Ohio, 1 will endeavor to distinguish
by saying 1 allude to that gentleman from Ohio
who can tell by the smell the distinction between
an Abyssinian and any other negro. [Laughter.]
Probably that is not understood in this House.
[Renewed laughter.] I suppose it is not. a sufii-
cicntdesignation. 1 will try itagain. Ialludeto
that gentleman from Ohio who was a followerof
Judge Douglas, as long as Judge Douglas played
into the hands of the pro-slavery party ; but who,
as soon as that statesman saw the necessity of
repentance and amendment, and turned round to
assist the Government of the country against
armed rebellion, deserted him. 1 do not know
whether that is a sufficient designation. If not,
I have no other way of designatmglum,inasmueh
us the rules ofthe House would preventmy men-
tioning His name.
That gentleman, [Mr. Cox,] during his sin-
gular discourse the other day, took delight in put-
ting questions intended to be awkward to gentle-
men on this side. One favorite question of his
was whether gentlemen could be induced under
any circumstances to violate the Constitution for
thCgood of the country. He put that question
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfielh.]
He put it to the gentleman fiom Indiana [Mr.
Julian] and tootheis. These gentlemen answered
the question boldly and nobly, each in his own
way. I will answer it probably in a different
manner. If that gentleman were present 1 would
like to propound to him the question which the
gentleman fiom Indiana [Mr. Julian] propounded
to him the other day, and which 1 took occasion
to wnte down, " Would you violate the loiter of
the Constitution in some small particulars if it
were the only way to save our country from de-
stiuction?" "The'gentleman from Indiana put
that question four or five distinct times, and on
every occasion it was evaded except one, and that
brought this response: " Under no circumstances
conceivable to the human mind would 1 violate
the Constitution for any purpose whatever.5>
That is the published answer. Now, alt that
sounds very nicely. We have all taken nn oath
to support the Constitution ant] we intend to keep
it. There is no doubt about that. But let us
follow out the gentleman's position to some of
its conclusions. The Constitution prevents a man
from being a member of this House befoie the
age of twenty-five years. Suppose a gentleman
of the age of twenty-four should be elected to
this body and claim a seat here, and suppose to
give him a seat should be the only possible way
to save the country from destruction, would the
gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Cox] vote tor the ad-
mission? If 11 would increase the Democratic
vote in this body I might guess what the answer
would be. But the answer might not enlighten
me. It might be of less impoitance to save the
country than the Democratic party. In some
other parts of the countty 1 have found gentlemen
apparently laboring under the same conviction.
By the Constitution we cannot adjourn for a
longer period than a year. Suppose by this body
adjourning for more than a year and joining the
army of the Potomac the country could be saved,
