2572'
$HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,,
everything looks we!!. The results' ever have
shown and ever will show that the system is rot-
ten to the core, and wilt result in injury', bank-
ruptcy, and ruin to any and every country that
adopts it.
The Senator from Ohio advocates his scheme
and the scheme of the Secretary with very great
ability, and certainly with very great tenacity. 1
had thought that a year or two's experience would
have caused the'Secretary-himself to abandon it,
and the able Senator from Ohio to come up and
admit that it was an error and ask that the sys-
tem be repealed,and that we resort to those prin-
ciples of finance that haVe been received' as good
by all the nations of the earth; but so far from
that his whole speech to-day has been an effort
to lay the sins of the Secretary of the Treasury
upon the State-banks. Why, sir, the State banks
have not been in default in this matter, as I think
I am fully able to show.
But, sir,allow me here to state, as I have often
before stated to the Senate, that no system of
banking ever was or in my judgment ever will be
sound and advantageous to the commercial and
business interests of the country unless the notes
of the bank are made redeemable, at the-counter
from which they are issued, in coin upon demand.
That is a principle in banking that cannot be de-
parted from without injury to the country upon
which the system is inflicted. I do not suppose
there is a financier now in any commercial State
in the world, save and except Mr. Secretary Chase,
that would think that any other system was cal-
culated to promote the good of the country.
Have you such a system in your national
banks? No, sir; and I am very much mistaken
if the word "coin" appears in the national bank
bill at all. I tried, when your first national bank
bill was passed, to introduce "coin" into it. I
wanted to give it a little stiffening. I wanted to
let the people see when it went out to them that
it contemplated somethinglike coin;eromethingat
some time like a redemption of the paper in gold
and silver coin; but I could not get the word
"com" into the bill. I offered an amendment
that they should be required to redeem their is-
sues in coin. It was rejected. I then asked that
they be required to keep on hand one fourth of
the amount of their issues in coin, for the benefit
of the note-holders. That, too, was rejected. I
then asked that a smaller amount should be re-
quired to be kept on hand, but none wa£ put in
What security have the holders of the notes of
youj; national banks? The distinguished Senator
from Ohio to-day told you that bank paper se-
cured by the credit of the Government was bet-
ter than the Government itself. If that be true,
the Government is at a very sad discount to-day,
I should be pained to think that the Government
was in no better credit than the national bank is-
sues. I should bo sorry if it, had nomovo credit.
The Government to-day, according to the Sena-
tor's theory, is at a very heavy discount, nearly
two for one, and perhaps by this time to-morrow
it will beat In tie over two to one. Many countries
have passed through dark and stormy trials, and
have come out with honor, with dignity, with
grandeur, with wealth, and with power; but it
has always been by abandoning paper-money
schemes. The paper-money system iiaa fallen to
atoms all around us. It has been tried in almost
every commercial country in Europe at some pe-
riod of its history, and the experience of its sad
effects should be a warning to us. We resorted
to it in the time of our own Revolution. The
Continental money was issued, and it finally be-
came utterly worthless. Still we held on to our
Government, and we thought that our fathers had
given to us in the Governnienta priceless legacy;
and if wo can preserve it with all the constitutional
guarantees given us by our fathers, it will prove
a priceless legacy to our children after us.
Sir, this paper-money system is wrong. There
is not a single sound ptincipleof finance in it. 1
have asked the question, what arc the securities
for the bills issued by the national banks? The
Senator bays they are issued on the basis of the
Government bonds, to the extent of ninety cents
of notes to a dollar of bonds. What is your Gov-
ernment bond worth to-day? 1 suppose it is At
fifty per cent, discount,£r<>ld* being at thepricc it is
to-day in New Yoik. Whatother security have
your The national banks are icquired to keep on
hand in greenbacks twenty-five per cent, of the
amount of their issues; and those greenbacks are
at a greater discount than your Government bond.
Put the two together, and the issues of the national
banks are no'tsecured. You issue ninety per cent,
of notes oh the basis of the Government bond, and
when you take the bond and the twenty-five per
cent, in greenbacks required to be kept on hand,
and put them together, they will fall twenty or
thirty per cent, short of securing the issues. I
speak of the security of the notes of the national
banks, considering gold as the measure of value.
Do not tell me that such a systerh of banking will
result otherwise than in injury to the country.
The national bank notes fall still-born; the coun-
try does not take them except at a ruinous and
heavy discount. The securities for the bank
issues are greaterto-day than they will beto-mor-
row or nextday. The issues are not secure now';
what can you expect will be the result two years
hence? It will get worse every day. Ithalsgrown
worse every hour since the first note was issued.
I admit there has been some little fluctuation; it
has been some days up and then has fallen back
again; but the general tendency of the paper money
has been downward. Six months ago, when we
met here, I declared that by midsummer a dollar
of gold would be equal to two dollars of paper.
Already that point of depreciation has been about
reached.
The Senator from Ohio says you must have this
paper-money issue in consequence of the exigen-
cies of the war, and he wishes to know what else
we could have done. He asks whether we could
have kept the sub-Treasury law in operation all
the time, receiving and paying' out nothing but
gold and silver. During the consideration of the
national bank bill which is now on the statute-
book, I suggested to the Senate what I would
have done. I would not in this crisis content my-
self with receiving and paying out coin alone; I
would have suspended so inuchofthe sub-Treas-
ury law as required payments to be made in coin;
and I would have used the issues of sound State
banks, receiving and paying them out during the
war. if you had done that, you would have had
a paper currency which the people appreciated,
a currency furnished by" State institutions that
were solvent and in good credit. The Senator
said to-day that many of the State banks were
good and others bad. I admit that some of the
banks in some States were not worthy of credit,
hut at the beginning of this war the larger por-
tion of the State banks were in excellent condition,
and they are in excellent condition to-day. I be-
lieve that all the banks of the New England States
at that time were in good condition and are to-day.
The banks of New York certainly were. The
larger portion ofthe banks ofPennsylvania were.
The banks of Ohio were. The State Bank of In-
diana and all the banks of Kentucky were. As
to the condition of the banking systemin the more
remote Northwest, I am not so intimately advised;
but the Government could have well regulated that
matter and issued its orders monthly or quarterly
saying which bank notes should be received; and
then at the end of the war we should have sol vent
institutions witlrwhich our people were familiar.
There might have been some expansion in the
course of the war, and after it was over there
would probably have been necessity for contrac-
tion; but things would soon have accommodated
themselves to the wants of the country.
The Senator desires the conflict between the
two systems to subside. He says it ought not
to go on; it is injurious to both. I concur with
him in that. 1 want the conflict to cease; but I
want that bank paper taken out of existence
which is of the least value, I want the State
banks to maintain themselves, and 1 want your
national bank trash to be driven out and the law
authorizing it to bo repealed. 1 think itis a lam-
entable thing that the contest ever commenced.
I suppose every Senator here wishes the best
paper issue we can have. Surely it is not seri-
ously proposed to drive out the better to substi-
tute a meaner paper currency. We should de-
sire to continue that which is most secure, that
which is most solvent, that which will pass with
the least discount, and every Senator mustknow
that that is the currency of the State banks. Why
then destroy the State banks for the purpose of
foisting upon the country the paper issues of
your miserable rotten national bank system?
The Senator says that the State banks have for-
feited their charters. When did they forfeit them ?'
What they have done they have been forced tp
do by the action of the Federal Government.
Many of them never failed to redeem their issues
at their counters in coin, in accordance with the
provisions of their charters, until the Federal
Government at Washington passed laws making
its greenbacks a legal tender, and then they did as
the citizens of the United States did, they paid
out the greenbacks. I think the country is pretty
well.satisfied now, notwithstanding the glowing
predictions which were made as to the success of
your national bank system and the excellency of
the currency it would furnish,,that the issues of
the State banks are much better, and they are to-
day at a premium over your greenbacks and na-
tional bank issues throughout the whole land.
The truth is that in obedience to a law that reg-
ulates currency here and everywhere, the State
bank issues have pretty well gone out of circula-
tion, at least in all the region of country from
which I come. The reason is that that which is
of the least value and which will pass at all fills
all the channels of currency. The greenbacks
and national bank issues being the most trashy
and least secure of all the paper money in the
country has taken the place of the State bank
notes. I do not believe that $5,000 of Kentucky
bank paper is now paid out and received in the
State from which I come in a year. So it is in
the State of Indiana, and 1 dare say it is so in other
States. Why is it so? The bank paper of the
States 1 have mentioned is so much better than
the greenbacks' that the people put it in their
pockets and keep it, and use the Governmentpa-
per in their ordinary transactions. If your cur-
rency goes on depreciating, what will become of
the securities for the issues of the national banks?
It may happen, and I believe it will happen when-
ever an intelligent and honest and upright court
of final resort shall sit in judgment upon the
greenbacks, that they will be held not to be a
legal tender. Jf that should occur, what will
become of your issues? Then the twenty-five per
cent, of greenbacks which the national banks have
to keeponhand will be comparatively woithless,
for we all know that there is scarcely anything
which keeps up thatdescription of paper now but
the fact that it is made by law a legal tender; the
national bank issues are redeemable by law in
greenbacks.
I will say no more, Mr. President, as to the
question of the security of the national bank bills.
The Senator from Ohio has told us over and over
again that it is necessary in time of war to have
paper money. My reading of history differs
widely from that of the honorable Senator. My
opinion is that m times of war when excessive
issues of paper money have been resorted to they
have always resulted disastrously to the country
that has issued them. It was so in England at one
time. Great disasters followed there in conse-
quence of the very large issue of paper money,
i hold in my hand a pamphlet written by Mr.
Gallatin, of New York, and I wish to God we
had his financial'brains in the Treasury Depart-
ment to-day, in which he treats of the subject
very elaborately; but I shall not trouble the Sen-
ate by reading it. In the French Revolution that
Government issued their assignats, and, as we all
know, the result was utter ruin. When the first
Napoleon came into power he swept their paper-
money system by the board and he paid the sol-
diers that bore his eagles in coin. Then he had
victory, and then he restored that country and
relieved it to a very great extent from the disas-
ters that had followed the fatal paper-money sys-
tem. Napoleon I, on the 20th of October, 1805,
from the scene of Ney's victory, from which he
took his title as Duke of Elchmgen, the day after
the capitulation of Ulm, when engaged in the
great and marvelous campaign of 1805, conse-
quent upon the coalition of Russia, Austria, and
Englana, wrote the following letter:
Elchin«en, October 20, j8g5.
M. Eegnier: I am softy tosee that my Tribunal of Com-
merce does not attend to its business. Bank notes are not
money, and do not bear the mark of the *overejgfi. Pay-
ment in notes Is no longer an obligation. In a country
where justice is compromised social order no longer exists.
The bank must exchange its notes for com at the counter,
or close its doors if it has no com. £ wiil not have paper
m«ney* NAPOLEON*
This letter of one of the greatest soldiers and
