1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2573
statesmen the world ever knew plainly expresses
his views of the use of irredeemable paper money
in time of war.
How was it in the war of the Revolution ?
What was the condition then? Did our Conti-
nental paper serve us in that trying struggle of
our fathers? No, sir. They issued two or three
hundred million dollars of Continental money,
and what was the result? They passed laws de-
creeing that a man was not a patriot who would
not receive it; and they published every edict
possible to compel the people to take it; but what
was the result? It went down and became worth-
less. How were the fortunes of our fathers then
relieved in a financial way? Every reader of
American history knows that it was the genius
of Robert Morris who formed'a bank jn Phila-
delphia—the bank that was afterwards called the
Bank of North America, a few years afterwards
chartered by the State of Pennsylvania. It was
a hard-money bank. It paid its issues in coin.
He it was who furnished the sinews of war to
Washington when your paper issues had brought
vis almost to utter ruin. And yet, sir, with these
examples before us, w'e are told every day and
every hoar when this question is up that in con-
sequence ofthe war we must have excessive paper
issues. It is ali a mistake. There is no more
necessity in time of war for having a paper cur-
rency that is not convertible at the counter from
which it is issued into coin than there isinatime
of peace; and that Government which enters upon
that description of finance does the greatest in-
jury possible to itself.
It is claimed that the necessities of the war
have caused the excessive paper issues. What
has been the result? It is this excessive paper-
money system and the inflations that have fol-
lowed which have entailed and will entail on this
country nearly one half the public debt under
which we labor and will labor for years and years
to come. How has it that effect? When you
make these very great and very redundant issues,
you inflate the price of everything. We are
told here now that the Government is the heavi-
est purchaser in the market for all the products
of the farm and of the loom. They have to feed
their armies; they have to clothe their soldiers;
they have to furnish the meat, the bread, and the
vegetables to the soldier; and the food for their
horses and their stock used in the Army. In con-
sequence of this inflation prices have risen, near-
ly quadrupled on many articles. The Govern-
ment when it goes into the market has to pay
these very extravagant prices, and every dollar
that it pays becomes a six per cent, interest debt
payable in com. That is the way your debt is
increased. It requires much more of this trash
of money to subserve the purposes of circulation
than it would if your money was good. For this
reason it does not take more than half a dollar
of good money to buy a dollar's worth of the
commodities that you have to buyand payforin
this paper trash. Half the amount of issue would
do. Suppose you go to buy $10,000 worth of
pork, or corn, or flour, or horses, and you pay
jn this paper money, those commodities are
doubled in value. You have to pay $10,000 in
this paper money. But suppose theie had been
no inflation of currency and prices had remained
as they were, it would have cost but $5,000 to
make thatinvestment,and youcould have bought
it for $5,000 in good currency. As a currency
' depreciates in value it requires more of it to an-
swer the purposes of tiade and commerce; there
can be no doubt about that; and hence it is that
by this inflation, caused by the blundering and
bad policy of Secretary Chase, you have put
hundreds of millions of debt upon this people.
You have destroyed confidence in your currency.
Everything has gone up to the most extravagant
price, and when you go into the market to pur-
chase you create a debt the interest of which is
not payable in this paper money, for the interest
on your bonds is payable in coin, and a six per
cent, debt with interest payable semi-annually in
coin is a very heavy interest for a solvent Gov-
ernment to pay for money.
But, Mr. President, it is claimed that you sell
your bonds at par. The honorable Senatorfrom
Ohio spoke the other day about these bonds being
sold at par now, and he said that before this pa-
per-money system you could not sell them at all
perhaps, or else at a discount. Why, sir, they
never have sold at par. If you sell-one to-day,
you sell it at a most ruinous discount. ' Senators
will remember that when I speak of discount, I
always speak of gold and silver as the standard
of value. That is what I conceive to be the con-
stitutional currency, and none other. You sell
every one of your bonds at the most ruinous dis-
count to-day. There is no question about that.
You receive for them this paper money, and you
give a bond, the interest of which is payable in
coin; and so really, instead of borrowing money-
at par, you are paying ten, twelve, or fifteen per
cent, interest to'-day.
The Senator from Ohio says that you must de-
crease the paper issues,-and that, he says, is the
policy of the Secretary of the Treasury. If so,
he goes to "work to effect it In a most singular
manner. He does it by recommending a system
of banks that areauthorized to issue$300,000,000
of paper money. I concur with the Senator from
Ohio in saying we must reduce the circulation
of paper money before we can have a healthy
currency. What amount of paper money have
we now ? I hold in my hand a table that I have
made out from the best information that is at
hand; I do not suppose it isentirelyaccuiate,but
it foots up as follows: of temporary loan there
is $47,207,545; United States Treasury notes,
$449,073,616; fractional currency, $19,173,320;
interest-bearing Treasury notes, $200,000,000;
certificates of indebtedness, $131,093*000; and-the
State bank circulation I put down at$170,000,000.
That makes $1,016,552,481. I do not take into
that account the issues of national banks, which
perhaps amount now to some fifteen or twenty mil-
lion dollars. I include the certificates of indebt-
edness because I know that in large mercantile
transactions they are passed as currency. Then
we have to-day overa thousand millions of paper
money in circulation in these various forms. Does
anybody suppose that we can have any healthy
system of currency with that enormous issue of
paper money ? But what is the remedy the honora-
ble Senator proposes? He says we must retire it,
and first he wishes to legislate outof existence the
State bank§, 1 will not enter into anyaigument
to prove that State bank paper.isa better currency
than the notes of these national banks or the green-
backs. Although the country knows that the
Government here at Washington is making war
upon them, notwithstanding the Secretary of the
Treasury cries out daily that they must be put
down, notwithstanding his able and eloquent ad-
vocate, the Senator from Ohio, every time tins
question is up proclaims boldly, and 1 admire his
manhood, that his object is to put them down—
notwithstanding all that pressure upon them, the
issues of those banks are greatly more valuable
than the paper of your national banks. -
I could without the least trouble take up the
charters of these banks and show the security
that exists for their issues, and make it manifest
everywhere that they are solvent, while no man
on earth can take up the law you passed here or-
ganizing the national banks and prove that there is
a sufficient security for the issues of these banks.
It does not exist to-ddy, and every day, in my
judgment, the securities will grosv less valuable.
But, sir, the Senator would retire the one hun-
dred and sixty or one hundred and seventy mil-
lions of State bank issues. That will not do.
You would have some eight hundred and forty-
six millions of currency left. I will suppose that
three hundred millions of issue, at the ouside,
would be sufficient for this country, particularly
with the seceded States off. I know that in
1837 we had three hundred and forty-four mil-
lions of bank issues, and what was the result?
A crash and a breaking up, commercial disaster
and bankruptcy throughout the whole country.
Ill 1857 we again had an expansion, and a crash
followed, not so great, however, as that of 1837.
The crash is now upon us m consequence of the
Secretary's paper-money issues. The honorable
Senator from Ohio would reduce them, I suppose,
by retiring the greenbacks; and right here, while
I never did advocate the issue of a greenback, I
must come to the defense of greenbacks. I think
if we must resort to Governmentpaper money the
greenback, costing the Government no interest, is
the one we should have stuck to. I was opposed
to the issue of that description of paper money. 1
was opposed to it upon policy, such as satisfied
my judgment, at least I was opposed to the legal-
tender clause,"because I thought it was a g
violation of the Constitution of the country.
But, sir, how is the Senator to get-clear df the
greenbacks? How can he get clear of Efctem knd
support his national bank system? In
authorizing yournational banks, you require the
issues of those banks to be redeemed in what you
call lawful money of the United States,-and thati#
a greenback. You cannot retire them ^hife you
have your rotten paper-money system created l>y.
this national bank scheme. You have to keep
twenty-live per cent, of them in the vaults of each
ban k as security for the note-holders; there twen ty-
five per cent, is absorbed. You have to redeem
thebank notes in them. So, then, it is utterly
impossible to retire them. You might retire a
portion of them, I grant you, but a very large is-
sue of them must remain'out Tor the purpose of
redeeming the national bank paper. Suppose you
issue three -hundred millions of bank paper, I
should suppose that, according!© every system of
correct banking, there must be at least half of that
amount in greenbacks for the purpose of meeting
the provisions of the law, and for the- redemp-
tion of the bank issues, it will not do for the-
advocates of the bill to say that gold and silver
may be used, for I suppose there is no man who
thinks that a note issued by a bank formed- on*
this national bank system ever can be at par in
coin. Such a thing does not-exist and never
will exist in 'any State in the American Union.
That is the very worst species of " wildcat'*
banking. It has been exploded in the States.'
Many of them had a similar system, and there
was not one in which the system was not better
than your national bank system, because all of
them with which I have any acquaintance required
a certain amount of coin to be kept on hand, some
ten, some fifteen, some twenty per cent. Those
systems, too, required another thing which your
banking system does not require. If there was
a depreciation in the bonds, they either had to
retire their issues or furnish to the custodian of
the bondsan additional amountsufficient to secure
their issues,
I say, then, you will be compelled to keep your
greenbacks afloat. You cannot retire them under
this system. As long as you retain the national
bank system, so long will you be compelled to
keep the greenbacks out to enable those banks to
comply with the provisions of the law; for the
idea of their ever redeemingtheirnotes in coin is
absurd unless you amend the law and require
them to keep coin on hand for the purpose.
I would suggest to the Senator from Ohio that
in order to Garry out the principle which he has
in mind when he says that the issues of paper
money must be reduced, weshould commence by
retiring that which is of least value, and whenever
you apply that test the favorite pet scheme of the
Secretary and of the Senator will be at an end,
and the issues of the national banks will be re-
tired. If we must have paper money that is not
redeemable in coin let us have that which is of
greatest value and which approximates nearest to
coin. That, it strikes me, is what wise, prudent,,
and sensible men would do. But the Senatorfrom
Ohio and the Secretary of the Treasury desire to
retire the best paper currency we have and to leave
that which is most worthless and trashy in the
hands of the people. To that 1 am opposed. I
admit, with the Senator and with the Secretary,
that you must retire the redundant issue of paper
before you can have a paper circulation that ap-
proximates to the valueof coin; but letus act like
wise and sensible men and retire that which is of
the least value.
There are "many other reasons why I cannot
advocate this scheme for the destruction of the
State banks. The Senator from Ohio makes that
direct issue. He sa}^ these two systems cannot
live; either your national bank system must go
down or the State banks must bedestroyed. I for
one will stand by the State banks, and I will en-
deavor to destroy that system which I think fur-
nishes the least valuable currency. I am glad lie
has made the issue, for I do not believe there is a
Senator in this Chamberexcept himself who does
not believe that the State banks furnish a better
currency than the national banks. That being
the case, lot us hold on to the State banks, and let
us commence the retrenchment of these issues at
the right place; ietus repeal the national bank law,
and then, as we receive the greenbacks for dues to
