1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
Ml*. COFFROTH. Certainty I will accept that
modification. Now, sir, as a general thing in
Pennsylvania outside of the cities, drafted men
have to undergo the hardship, fatigue, and ex-
pense of traveling long distances, sometimes from
seventy-five to eighty miles, to appear before the
board of enrollment. My own district is about
two hundred miles in length, running west nearly
to the Monongahela river, and down to the State
of Maryland, at Carroll county. Some of the
drafted men of my district have to cross five or
six mountains in older to reach Chambersburg;
wlieieas if the examinations had been held in the
county towns it would have been accommodating
to them and would have saved money to the Gov-
ernment.
I claim this out of justice to the people. We
are legislating here not to impose greater burdens
than are absolutely necessary upon the masses of
the people. We are here to make the burden as
light as possible upon their shoulders. This we
can do by the adoption of the amendment which
I have offered. At the same time u will effect a
saving ofexpense to the Government. As a matter
of justice, therefore, I aslc the other side of the
House to consider this amendment, and to adopt it.
Mr. STEVENS. May I ask my colleague to
modify his amendment by making it read " au-
thorized" instead ofrequired r"
Mr. COFFROTH. I would yield to my dis-
tinguished colleague, but I am afraid that if we
used the word ''authorized" the object would not
be accomplished.
Mr. STEVENS. The great difficulty before
was that the Secretary of War consideied he was
not authorized to order this to be done. I think
my collenjruc had belter accept the modification.
Mr. COFFROTH. Then 1 will accept my col-
league's suggestion, and modify my amendment
so as to make it read " authorized."
Mr. SCHENCK. I mnveto amend the amend-
ment by inserting as a substitute for it the seven-
teenth section of the House bill, as follows:
That the Secretary of War is authorized, whenever m
hi^ judgment the public mtcu'tft will bo Mib-eived thereby,
topenmtor requite boauh of examination of cm oiled or
drafted men to hold their examination^ at different points
vviunn their respective enrollment distuet*. to be deter-
mined by him.
The Committee on Military Affairs was satis-
fied that there was much reason m asking that the
law should be amended in this particular. The
committee had the whole subject before it,and,
after consideration, adopted this as the best form
in which that authority or requirement could be
placed. At first it was thought of providing that
these sessions of the boards of enrollment should
be held in the several districts, at the county seats,
but there was found to be a difficulty about that.
There are States—Missouri and Kentucky, for
example—where it might be impossible, or at
least dangerous, to hold the sessions of the en-
rollment board at the county seats; and yet they
may be within districts ot country the greater
part of which may be occupied by our troops or
by loyal citizens. Then there are districts in
which the countyseat would notbe the best place
for the sessions of the enrollment board. This
•was felt to be the case m regard to the State of
Michigan, a member from which State is on the
committee. And yet there are largc distucts over
which men must travel a great distance it the
board is to sit in only one plaee. It was there-
fore thought advisable that instead of requiring
absolutely that the sessions of the enrolling boards
should be heldattheseveral county seats it should
be left to be determined, under the administration
ofthelaw, by the War Department ^whether they
are to be held at particular points, of suchaprom-
inent character, of such accessibility and conve-
nience, as make them the most proper points.
There are places where it may be well to hold ses-
sions at more than one point; and on the other
hand there arc places where sessions at one point
may do for two counties. I think the committee
has put the matter m the best shape, all things
considered: and therefore 1 hope the substitute
will be adopted.
Mr. WINFIELD. I think that the question
presented to the committee by the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and
by the substitute proposed by the chairman of the
Military Committee, comes before us in this light:
while k is conceded that perhaps some reforma-
tion of the evil complamcd of by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Coffroth] is necessary
and important, the question arises whether the
local boards of enrollment are not better judges of
the necessity of affording this relief than the Sec-
retary of War can possibly be. 11 appears to me
that the Secretary of War in the midst of his
multifarious duties would not desire to assume
the responsibility and trouble of determining with
reference to each of these congressional districts
where this authorization to change the place of
holding the sessions of the board of enrollment is
necessary. While I believe that ho would act with
as much impartiality and fairness as it would be
possible for any officer to exercise with the vast
amount of labor and responsibility which is rest-
ing on him, yet I have no idea, Mr. Chairman,
that he desires to assume the increase of labor
which the determination of these applications
would devolve upon him; and I submit that the
local boards, having a better knowledge of the lo-
calities and the interests of each particular com-
munity, are entirely competent to determine this
question if it shall bo left as a matter of choiceor
determination with them. I therefore prefer the
original amendment.
The question being on the amendment to the
amendment,
Mr. COFFROTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Coffroth
and Schenck were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 57, noes 52.
So the amendment ^ras agreed to.
The amendment as amended was then adopted.
Mr. A. MYERS. I understand the section has
been amended by incorporating the seventeenth
section of the House bill into it. I now move to
amend that section by adding the woids " prefer-
ring county seats where practicable."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The fifteenth scction was read, as follows:
Sec. 15. And he il further enacted, That any person who
fdmll toicibly resist or oppose any enrollment, or who^mll
incite, counsel, enootnage, or who shall coinptie or conled-
eiate with anv othci pet^m or poi>ou-< forcibly to tcsi-t or
oppose any such enrol I incut, or who shall aid or n^s^toi take
any part ni any foiciblc lori^tanee oi opposition ihcieio,
or'u ho shall assault, obstruct, hinder, impede, or threaten
any officer or othorpeison eniphned in makinsoi in aiding
to make such enrollment, oi employed in the prilotmnnee
or in aiding in the pcrlomianoe of anv service in any wav
relating theicto, or m atrestmg or aiding to arrest any spy
or deM-rtci from the military seivice oi the United State*,
shall, upon conweiion thou-of in any court cnnip'-tent io
ti> the olTeiw, be punched In a fine not exceeding,),000,_
or by impugnment not exoeedin? five years, or by both of
said punishments in the discretion of ilio conn, And in
where such assaulting, ob^tnteunu, hnuleunn, or im-
peding shall produce the death ot «oich otliccr or other per-
son, the offender shall be deemed {,'iulfy ot mutder. and,
Upon conviction theicof upon indictment in the cneuif
court of the United States lor tin; district within wlneb the
offense wai committed, *hall he punished with death.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I move to amend the sec-
tion in the thirteenth line by striking out the words
"competent to try the offense," and inserting; the
words " of civil jurisdiction." The object, Mi.
Chairman, I have in offering that amendment is
to test the sense of the committee as to the proper
tribunal before which to try offenders under this
section. It is well known among lawyers that
the line of demarcation between the jurisdiction of
courts which exercise military authority and those
which by law have civil jurisdiction is not very
clearly defined.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether it is customary in his State
to try criminal offenders before couits having civil
jurisdiction.
Mr. W. .1. ALLEN. I will say to the gentle-
man that in lllinoisourcivil courts have criminal
juiisdiction. They do there try men for crim-
inal otfenses ill courts having civil jurisdiction.
It is customary and it is law, if common law and
common rightare respected. We have 110 crimi-
nal courts there as contradistinguished entirely
from civil courts, except such as have been created
by recent legislation.
Mr. THAYEIl. It is entirely different in my
State. Our courts having criminal jurisdiction
have no civil jurisdiction.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. Thatis very likely. What
I want to get at is to test the sense of the commit-
tee whether or not these cases arising for offend-
ing against this section shall be tried by the civil
courts of the country as contradistinguished from
the military, self-constituted courts.
Let me say, Mr. Chairman, that there is a grow-
ing distrust in my section of the country of the
exercise of unwarranted and despotic authority
by military courts. It is believed that they are
trenching upon the authority of the civil courts
of t'he country, that they have neither the learn-
ing nor the honesty of heart of the civil tribunals.
Now, sir, all strictly military offenses the mil-
itary courts or authorities,in my opinion,should
have jurisdiction of; but for all offenses not ex-
clusively military in their character the civil courts
having criminal jurisdiction ought to have exclu-
sive jurisdiction. My object, therefore, is to pre-
scribe by this amendment the duties devolving
upon these several courts respectively. 1 want
military courts to try military offenses, and I
want civil courts (and that is the term 1 desire to
use) to try offenses not exclusively military.
It will not be contended by anybody in refer-
ence to this scction that the offenses defined in
the section are military offenses. It is merely the
citizens'opposition to the enrollmentact because
of deeming it wrong. It is not a military offense
in any sense whatever.
Mr. Chairman, don't use your gavel for the
present, for under the rule lam done.
The question being on the amendment,
Mr. W.J. ALLEN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Grinnell
and W. J. Allen were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 48, noes G8.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend that sec-
tion by striking it out, and inserting section fif-
teen of the House bill, as follows:
See. 15. .flu,? he it. fin !hc.r enacted, That any person who
shall tbiciiily resist or oppose any enrollment, orwlio shall
incur, couilr-et, encourage, or wliosliail conspire Or confed-
erate Willi any other person or persons foieibly to resist or op-
pose any sucii entailment, or who shall aid or assist or take
any part in any loiciblo lesistance or opposition thereto, or
who shall asMiuit,obstiuct, hinder, impede, or threaten any
offieci or other person employed 01 aiding in making such
eijjollment, or employed or aiding in the performance of
any service relating tlieieto, or in arresting or aiding to ar-
rest any -py or deserter from the military service of the
United Stales, shall, upon conviction thereof in any court
competent to tiy the offense, ho punished by a tine not ex-
ceeding §5,000, or by inrpiisoninent not exceeding five
yeais, or by bolh ot said punishments, in the dlseietion of
theeourt; but nothing in this section contained shall he
con«tiued to relieve the paltyofl'endingfioinliabilityunder
pnipei indictment oi process for any cume against the laws
of a State, committed by him while violating the provisions
of this section.
It will be observed that there are some slight
veibal alterations made in the section of the Sen-
ate bill, but that the sense is in no way changed
except in one particular. The only material alter-
ation is in the last sentence. If gentlemen will
turn to page 9 they will find in the original sec-
tion of the Senate bill this sentence:
And io rases wlieie Mich n<Faulting, obstructing, hinder-
ing, or imp,'ding shall produce the death of such officer or
other person, the offender shall he deemed guilty of mur-
der, and upon conviction tliereof, upon indictment in tile
ciieuit couit of the United Slates tor the district within
which the offense was committed, shall be punished with
death.
The Senate provided for two offenses: where
they commit an offense in resisting the enrolling
officer, and where they committed the crime of
murder. It is possible that those who resist the
draft may commit not only the crime of murder,
buturson and other crimes. Theiefore we struck
out the whole of that and provided that " nothing
in this section contained shall be construed to
relieve the party offending from liability under
proper indictment or process for any crime against
the laws of a State, committed by him while vio-
lating the provisions of this section." They allow
the men engaged 111 the mob resisting the draft to
be proceeded against under the laws of the States
for arson or any other ciime.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. 1 move the following
amendment to the amendment:
Stiike out the word "shall" in line twelve, section iif-
teen, and incCit.
And any person who shall jesdstany draft of enrolled men
into the service ot tin* United States, or shall nut oreounsel
anv peison to resist such chart, or hhaN as-s-ault or obstruct
any officer in makinsr such (haft. or in the performance of.
any serviec m relation theieto, 01 shall counsel any person
to a-45.aull oi obstiuctany suehorfieeijorsliall coun&eljaid,
or assist any diafted man to avoid the obligations tliereof,
or willfully dissuade them ftoin the performance ot mili-
tary duty, as required bylaw; all such persons shall be
subject to summary ai rest by the pi ovost marshal, and shall
be forthwith delivered to the civil authorities, and.
Mr. Chairman, this section as it now stands
