552,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
provides a penalty for the offenses set forth—a
fine not exceeding $5,000 and an imprisonment
not exceedingiive ye'ais. That is for offenses of
resistance to the enrollment. I observe by the
twenty-fifth section that a penalty is provided for
offenses of resistance to the draft ofafine notex-
eeeding §500 and an imprisonment not exceeding
two years. I think that the penalty for resisting
the draft should be as great as that for resisting
the enrollment. Most of the resistance has been
to the draft and not to the enrollment. In my
district the resistance has been by advising per-
sons to "escape over into the British provinces.
There,are many miles of border there, and draft-
ed men have been induced to escape over them into
a foreign country. The penalty in these cases
should be as gteat as that for resistance to the en-
rollment. Therefore I hope that my amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am inclined to think that
the amendment ought to be adopted. It changes
nothing.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 hope that that amendment
will not be adopted. The provost marshal is to
be made tiie judge whether a person counsels or
dissuades from the draft. He, of his own caprice,
whim, or will, is to imprison for what length of
time he pleases. Then he is to turn over to the
civil authority the person who, jn his judgment,
shall dissuade from the draft. Now, the dissua-
sion may be by a counselor-at-law, or by a father
to his child, or by a wife to her husband. It is
not an unnatural crime for a wife to dissuade her
husband. I beg gentlemen to look at the provis-
ions ofthis act, which seem tome to be sufficiently
penal for any purpose whatever. It provides for
punishing for obstructing the draft in the provost
marshals court or in some military court, it
provides foriinotherpunishmentm thocivil courts
of the States. And bore steps in the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Rick,] who, with the sanction
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, proposes that if a parent dissuades a child,
a wife a husband, or a counselor a client to test
the constitutionality of the law, he shall be ar-
rested by the piovost marshal and punished. I
beg gentlemen to be content with the inflictions
of this bill as they are. 1 beg them to stand upon
the record as it is, and not add too much for hu-
man endurance.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio to accept the
amendment?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not.
The CHAIRMAN. The question, then, is upon
the amendment to the amendment.
^ Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move that the committee
rise, with the view to close debate upon this sec-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee lose; and the Speaker having
. resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
hud, accoiding to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the Senate (No. 36") to amend an act entitled "An
act for em oiling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes, "approved March 3, J 863,
and had made progress therein but had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr, SCHENCK. I move that when the House
a^aiti resolves itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union all debate upon
the pending section be closed in one minute after
the committee resumes the consideration of the
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The House being divided, and there being—
ayes 57, noes 73,
Mr. bllLIiS demanded the yeas and nays.
I he yeas and nays were not ordered.
I he motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I move that the'rules lie sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into I he Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in tho chair )
and resumed the consideration of Senate bill No.
>J(i, to amend all act entitled " An actforetirolliti"
and calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes," appro,ved March 3,1863; the pending
question being on the amendment offered by Mr.
Rice, of Maine, to the amendment offered by Mr.
Schenck.
Mr. WADSV/ORTH demanded tellers.
Tellets were ordered; and Mr. Wadsworth,
and Mr. Rice of Maine, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 50, noes 59.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. W .J.ALLEN moved toamend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That arrest's tor offenses under tins section shall
lie niiuie only upon written authority issued trom courts of
civil jui Miction, or upon view, with tlic liability under the
common law for abuse in making arrests.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered to the fif-
teenth section, the Clerk proceeded with the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move toamend by striking
out the seventeenth section, as follows:
Reo. 17. Jlml be it further enacted, That piovost mar-
tinis, boards of etnnMmfrit, or any member thereof acting
by authouty of the board, shall have power to summon
witnesse.iand enlorco their attendance by attachment with-
out previous payment of lees m any case puniliilt; betore
tliein. or either ot tlu n), and the same wniie^s fees and
costs shall be allowed as may he allowed in the distnet
court's of Hie (Jailed States, and they shall have power to
administer oaths and allinnutious; and any pei=on who
shall svveai oi .will in lalsely before any provost inaishal ot
board of enrollment, or member thereof acting by author-
ity ot the boaid, or who shall, belore any civil magistrate,
sweai or affirm falsely to any affidavit to be used"m any
ease pending betoie any piovost marshal or board of emoll-
nienl, shall, upon conviction, be fined not e.\eeedin .o500,
and imprisoned not less than six months nor moie than
twelve months.
And inserting in lieu thereof the eighteenth sec-
tion, as reported by the committee, as follows:
Src, 18. .dud be if ftothcr enucted, That piovo-t mar-
shal-., boanh oi' eniollment, or ;my nnnnbei thereof nctin,"
by anihoiity of tho bo.ud, shall have power ro summon
witnesses in behalf of the Government, and enforce then
attendance by attachment without pievious payment of
leea m any ca- e pending heioie them, or either of them;
and the lees allowed for witnesses attending under sum-
mons shall be five cents per mile for imieaqe, and no other
lees or costs shall bo allowed under the provisions of tins
section; and they shall have power to administer oaths
and atnrmations. And any person who shall willfully and
eoriuptly swear or affiun talsely befoie any ptovo.st mar-
shal or boaul of emolhncnt, or member thereof acting by
auihoiity of the board,oi who sdiail, betoie anvemi m.i^is-
tiate, willfully and contiptly sweai or aithm falsely to any
allidavit 10 be used 111 any ease pending befoie any provost
marshal or board of enrollment, shall, 011 conviction, be
lined not exceeding $300, and nnpn^oned not less than six
months nor more than twelve months.
The difference between the two sections is to
bo found, first, in the words inserted in thesection
of the com mittee, " in behalf of the Government,'5
after the words il ahnll have power to summon
witnesses." This ifj for tho purpose of enabling
the enrolling officer representing the Government
to bring1 before them sue!) witnesses as they think
proper on behalf of the Government, leaving- tho
parties to make their own defense. The com-
mittee supposed thatwithoutthis provision parties
might examine elouds of witnesses at the expen.se :
of the Government, because those witnesses aie
to be paid mileage for their attendance. The Sen-
ate bill provided that such witnesses should not
only be paid mileage but bu allowed the same
witness lees and costs as may be allowed in the
district courts of the United States. It has been
thought by tile Military Committee not advisable
to permit these enrollment boards to sit as a court
and run up large bills of costs and fees in that way.
hvory lawyer is acquainted with the fact that the
costs and fees allowed and charged in the district
couits of tho United States are very much above
the standaid of fees in the several States. It has
been supposed by us thatsuch a provision as that
contained in the Senate bill would only atFord a
chance for persons to come before the bo.Xrd and
bring1 up persons for the meie purpose of running
up a bill of fees against the Government. We
have provided, therefore, simply for paying to wit-
nesses who may be brought before the board travel
fees at tlie rate of five cents per mile.
Oui amendment also inserts in lines ten and
thiiteen respectively, the words " willfully and
corruptly sweai " instead of the woid "swear."
1 hose, are the piineipal differences between the
two sections.
Mr. DRIGGS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio by adding to it
the following:
Provided, That in all distiicts over one hundred milesin
extent, and in such as are composed of over ten counties,
the boaid shall hold their se&Mons in at least two places in
such district, and at such points as aie bc&t calculated to
accommodate the people thereof.
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that an amendment
has already been adopted providing that the Secre-
tary of War may cause the boards to hold ses-
sions in different counties, but I wish to say that
my district is over eight hundred miles in extent.
I am almost as near to my residence now as I
would be in the remoter parts of my district. I
hope it will not be leftoptional with the Secretary
of War to say whether the board shall hold ses-
sions at one or more points. I desire to compel
the boards to hold two sessions in districts which
arc over eight hundred miles in extent. ( have
twenty-eight counties in my district, and it is
eight hundred miles in length.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to—ayes sixty, noes not counted.
Mr. SCHENCK. At the suggestion of the gen-
tleman fiom New York, [Mi. Brooks,] and to
remove all ambiguity, I will modify my amend-
ment by inserting after the word " mileage" the
words " counting one way."
Mr. KASSON. 'I wish to say to the gentleman
from Ohio that that would not pay the actual cost
of travel in regions of country which are not sup-
plied with railroads; in the region west of the
Mississippi, where railroads are not as abundant
as they are in Ohio, that would not pay the actual
expense of travel.
Mr. SCHENCK. In order to accommodate
gentlemen I will modify my amendment so as to
make the mileage six cents pei mile, counting one
way.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, if I under-
stand this section there is no process provided by
which the defendant, if you may so call him 
the drafted man—can bring his witnesses before
the court. It is only in behalf of the Government
thatsubpenas can be issued; and the drafted man
who claims that he has been wronged can sub-
pena no witnesses. Now, I ask the Committee on
Military Affairs if that is intentional ?
Mr. GARFIELD. It is intentional.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman says it is
intentional. Then I think that a different pro-
vision should be made, and that the defendant
should have a right to subpena witnesses also.
But, in order that we may have an opportunity
to consider this question, and as it is late anil we
are all very hungry, I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committeeiose; and theSpeaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dmves repotted that the
Commiitee of the Whole on the state of ihe Union
had had under consideration, as a special order,
the bill of the Senate (No. 36) to amend an act
entitled "An act for enrolling and calling out the
national forces, and for other pui poses, "approved
March 3, 1863, and had made progress therein,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
APPOINTMENT Oi' A COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed the followingns a select committee on the
question of allowing Cabinet ministers to occapy
seats in the House, namely, Messis. Pendleton,
Stev ens, IVIoiirill, Mallory, Kassox, Ganson,
and Blaine.
And then, on motion of iUr. COX, (at twenty
inutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
minutes past
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 10, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and uppiovcd.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
^Mi. JOHNSON presented the petition of
Charles Vinson, praying for compensation for
extra services as a clerk in the office of tho Third
Auditor; which, with his papers on the files of the'
Senate, was ivfeired to the Committee on Claims.
Mr, HOWARD presented a memorial of the
i>ay de Noquet and Marquette Railroad Com-
pany ot the State of Michigan, remonstrating
