257*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
the Government, retain them and notreissue them;
and then when your paper circulation shall be re-
duced to some two hundred and fifty or three hun-
dred million dollars, you will find that it will ap-
proximate to gold-in value, and not till then.
Secretary Chase may come here with his finan-
cial tinkering; he may ask you to pass gold bills,
and you may.pass them, and yet you will not
put down the value of gold nor put up the value
of this paper money. When you withdraw your
paper money from circulation, batik paper, if is-
sued in accordance with approved systems of
banking, having sufficient capital, and the note
being redeemable in coin at the counter from
which it is issued, you will have a paper currency
that will be of equal value with gold, and not till
then. No financial tinkering ever did or ever
will cause a bank note not issued on healthy
principles of banking to circulate at par with coin.
I believe that since the world commenced no
country was ever cursed with a more disastrous
financial policy than the present Secretary of the.
Treasury has inflicted upon our country. We
have Seen its bad effects all around us, and the
longer it is continued the more glaring they will be.
I am opposed to taxing State banks; I am op-
posed to the proposition contained in the report
of the committee aa well as to theamendment of the
Senator from Ohio. There is really very little dif-
ference between the two propositions. I do not
beliove that the circulating medium should be
taxed. It should be like the air wc breathe, free.
Of itself it is not of value. Its value is represent-
ative altogether. It is the medium of exchange.
It js the measure of values. It does for com-
merce the office that the vital air does for the hu-
man system. All the tax you should lay on the
State bank's is a tax on their earnings, their
profits, as you tax citizensengaged in other bus-
iness. You have taxed the net income of men
in business heretofore three per cent. Tax the
profits of the banks that much. If you raise your
income tax on individuals raise it on the banks.
Treat them as you treat individuals. If you lay
additional tuxes on them, everybody knows that
if they issue their notes the corporations will not
pay the tax, for they will exact it from their cus-
tomer*) in some way. I would tax them like indi-
viduals on their income, and I would not tax
them any more. I think it is bad policy to do it;
and particnlaiiy would I not do it in order to
carry out the object avowed by the Senator from
Ohio and the Secretary of the Treasury, to kill
off the State banks and substitute for their paper
this miserable nauotm! bank currency.
Sir, was there ever such a magnificent failure
as this national bank currency? You have had
it for some time; it went forth with the faith of
this mighty nation pledged to it. It was pro-
claimed to the people, "If your Government
stands this money will be good." And yet it is
not to-day worth more in gold than about half its
nominal value,and every hour it is growing worse.
I admire the tenacity of my friend from Ohio. 1
thought we had had experience enough to con-
vince him that the system was t\ failure. The
Senator, i know, has discussed the question with
great ability, i do not behove you could find a
gentleman here or elsewhere who would have
made so elaborate, able, and plausible a speech in
advocacy of such a rotten scheme. I had hoped
that after our past experience he would give it up;
but he fights on with the tenacity of Butler's hero,
Hudibras:
" Down he fell; yet falling, fought;
And bein^ down, hiill laid about/'
He Is now laying about the corpse of this miser-
able system, for it has died in its infancy. We
find him and the Secretary of the Treasury harp-
ing on it, and wishing to murder everything that
comes in competition with it. I expect that after
the State bank currency is all putout of the way,
an edict will be issued banishing gold and silver
com, because it is a better currency than the is-
sues of the national banks.
Mr. Piesident, I hope thecountry will no longer
listen to those who uige this paper-money sys-
tem. Let us act tor ourselves. 1 know and the
Senate knows that the national bank bill winch
was passed here at the last Congress was passed
against the judgment of the Senate. We thought
we had it killed; bu t the Secretary of the Treasury
came into this Hail; he told Senators privately
that he could not carry on the Government for
sixty days without the bill; and yielding their
judgments to him they gave it to him; and how
did he get along with his finances afterwards ? I
think nobody will now say that the national banks
have helped him. The Senate yielded their judg-
ment to that functionary then: I hope they will
do so no more. It has proved a most magnifi-
cent failure, if I may be allowed to use such an
expression. Let us actlike free and independent
Senators, and protect our country from the great
and crushing disaster that must follow from this
paper-money system of Mr. Secretary Chase. I
verily believe that this paper-money system of
the Secretary will be quite as disastrous to the
commercial and industrial interests of this coun-
try as the rebellion itself. For God's sake do not
let us follow such a leader any longer; let us turn
to the right path; let us carry out such financial
schemes as the history of the world for a thou-
sand years has indicated are not fallacious, and
then we will discharge the duty of patriotic Sen-
ators.
Senators have spoken of the Continental money.
Sir, I verily believe that the fall of this paper
system that we now have will be ultimately as
great and more rapid than that of the Continental
money. I have a table here showing the fall of
that Continental money. We passed the first law
for the issue of legal-tender notes on the 25th of
February, 1862; then we passed another in July
of that year. We have had those legal-tender
issues now for about two years, and what are
they worth ? Gold is 194 to-day. I hold in my
hand a table of the value and depreciation of Con-
tinental money, which I will send to the Secre-
tary's desk and ask him to read it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Continental Currency.—A friend hand* us an extract
from an almanac wiitten lor the year 1791, giving a scale
of the depreciation of the Continental money for the sct-
llement of old debts, as directed by the Genera! Assembly
of Pennsylvania, from which wo gather som« partieuhhs
of the progress of the depreciation of Continental cur-
rency which may not be uninteresting to the readers of
tin: Ago:
Per cent.
Date. discount.
1777. January  1*
Febni.uy  J J
March  2
April '.  2*
May 
June, (^lightly impioved)  9
July, August, Septembei, October, November a
December *  4
1718. Janu.u)    4
Fcbiuavy and Mai eh  5
April, (highest point foi two years)  fi
May, (again impioved)    5
June and July («-uu better)        4
Augtift, Sepieuibei, < )ctober  f>
November and December  6
177D. Jami.uy  8
February   10
March 10*
April 17
May SM
June {temporary reaction) U.0
July, (ternpotary reaction) ., ^... 19
August   --30
September 
October 30
November ;JN*
UeeemluM, (about present discount on gioen-
baek )  41*
1780. Januaiy 43*
Febiuarv       47*
March, Apii! 6I£
May, (Ja^t spasmodic n covery) 59
June CI*
July l>4*
Au<ru.-t 70
September     ...7-2
October 73
November 74
December. 75
In 1781,the depreciation was fixed atab<nit7jdunnsrthe
months of January, February, March, and Api il. At 70 per
cent, discount it icquuod fouj (ioil.tr-- ot paper to represent
one silver dollar, fioni tin* point the depieciatioa was
much more rapid; it soon icquired five, then six, then ei^ht
paper dollars tu represent one in specie. On the l-st of'May,
17dl, one hundred paper dollar were equivalent to one dol-
lar in com, after winch the difference became so wide that
the Continental money ceased to circulate.—Philadelphia
Jlge.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, we all know
the condition of that Continental currency. It
became utterly worthless. It will be observed,
however, from the table that has been read that
it stood much better than the issues of paper
money we have now at the end of two years after
it was issued. I have no doubt that this paper
money will become quite as worthless as that.
The law establishing the national banks makes
them depositories of the public money,at the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, and over-
throws the independent Treasury system, a sys-
tem that has worked well and met the approval
of the entire country until the bill to create na-
tional banks was introduced. I had supposed
that there were no statesmen of this day who were
not fully and entirely satisfied that the public
money should be kept apart from the banks, that
the wisdom of the independent Treasury system
had been fully vindicated by its practical work-
ings.
When you make the national banks deposi-
tories of the public money you will entail upon
thecountry tenfold the evils of the pet bank sys-
tem, which worked so disastrously to the country.
That illustrious patriot and statesman, General
Jackson, placed the country under a debt of ever-
lasting gratitude by his overthrow of the United
States Bank, which he conceived to be danger-
ous to the liberties of the people, and his advocacy
of hard money. That wise statesman said:
" Give the people an honest Government, freedom from
monopolies and puvileged classes, and hard mouey, not
paper cuirency, for their hard labor, and all will be well."
In the place of an honest Government we have
the most corrupt and venal Administration the
world has ever seen, monopolies in the shape of
a high protective tariff and mammoth systems of
internal improvement, followed by high taxation,
which impoverish the people by wringing from
them the honest earnings of their labor, while a
worthless paper currency floods the land.
I have another objection to this national bank
system. I believe that it is unconstitutional. 1
think there is no warrant in the Constitution for
the organization of such banks, 1 believe it tends
to consolidation. I believe that it createsa moneyed
power here which, if they carry it out, will be
dangerous to the liberties of the people. 1 am
utterly opposed to it m every form. I am in favor
of the local banks. 1 wish to make no war upon
them. 1 believe that no institutions ever acted
more patriotically than those banks have done
during this war. It was the banksof New York
chiefly, and the banks of Philadelphia and Bos-
ton acting in conjunction with them, that gave the
sinews of war to the Government at the begin-
ning of the strife. We could not have got along
without them. They enabled the Secretary of the
Treasury to get along; and he now, with great
ferocity, has turned against them, and wishes to
crush and destroy them. I think it is a species
of ingratitude that a virtuous and honest people
ought not to submit to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. Fl^SSENDEN. Before the question 13
put I have awoid to say.
I shall not oppose an adjournment if the Sen-
ate see fit to adjourn, and I am perfectly willing
to stay here as long as the majority of the Senate
see Jit to stay. But in the course of the day many
Senators apply to me, as having charge of this
bill, and ask me to have an evening session. They
say, " We cannototherwise get through with the
bill; it is necessary to close this session; wemust
finish up some time or other." Very well; wo
have an evening session. When we meet nj the
evening, many Senators come to me and say, "It
is very oppressive m this Chamber; I cannot stay
here; my health lssuffering; let us adjourn until
to-morrow." 1 ask Senators as a personal kind-
ness to me to do either one thing or another;
either not ask to have an evening session 01 else
not ask me to agree to end it, and then settle the
question for themselves without reference to what
1 may think or wish on the subject. I am will-
ing to stay here as long as Senatois choose; but
1 warn the Senate that if we expect to get thiough
before this time next year we must be content to
act on a bill of this kind, large as it is, without
these very long speeches, because if we continue
them, especially on our side of the Chamber—I
have nothing to complain of at all—we shall not
see the end (if it for many weeks, and we want to
get through some time.
Having said thus much I leave the Senate ta
act on the question of adjournment at this time
according to their own pleasure.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall come to a
vote on this amendment to-night before we ad-
journ.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand the honor-
