1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
257$
able Senator from California [Mr. McDougall]
desires to address the Senate upon it, and that is
the reason why he has made the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. CONNESS. I was not aware of that.
Mr. WADE. I think we might commence
earlier in the day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sena-
tor that the Committee on Finance is obliged to
be in session every morning at half past nine
o'clock, and do not get through their business
until twelve, and then they are compelled to be
in the Senate Chamber. 1 have more business
on my hands than I can possibly attend to in the
committee-room. Senators must reflect that at
this period of the session all this business accu-
mulates on the Committee on Finance, and if they
do not give us some time to attend to that, we
shall be compelled to act without any consulta-
tion in the committee in the premises. I should
* be very desirous to meet as early as you please
if I could only be relieved from the committee-
room; but I am obliged to go there at half past
nine in the morning and work until twelve, then
come into the Senate and work here until half
past four o'clock, and then come here again in
the evening and work until the Senate adjourns.
Mr.WADE. I have nothing more to say about it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Of course this debate is
all out of order. I stated to the chairman of the
Committee on Finance that I desired.to address
the Senate on this subject. We have been in
evening session until twenty minutes to ten
o'clock. Many Senators have left the Chamber,
and those who have not left have generally been
engaged in private business. I should like to
have the privilege of addressing the Senate on
this subject in the morning, and therefore I have
moved the adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 30, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular order
of business, to call the committees for reports, to
go upon the Calendar, and not to be brought back
by motions to reconsider.
CAPTAIN ANDREW ItUSSISLL.
On motion of Mr. PRICE, the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of W. F. Per-
cell and others, in reference to Captain Andrew
Russell; and the same was laid on the table.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF THE WAR OF 1812.
Mr. SPALDING, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported back, with sundry
amendments, a bill (H. R. No. ^66) granting pen-
sions to the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar and the bill and accom-
panying report ordered to be printed.
No further repoi ts being made from committees,
the House proceeded, as the regular order of busi-
ness during the remainder of the morning hour,
to the call of States for resolutions.
EVACUATION OF CUMBERLAND GAP.
Mr. COX. Under this order of business, I
suppose, the resolution which I offered last Mon-
day, calling upon the Department to inform us
•why my former resolution calling upon the De-
partment for the report of General Morgan, in
reference to the evacuation of Cumberland Gap,
has not been answered, comes up for consideia-
tion. Since that time the original resolution has
been answered, and I withdraw the pending reso-
lution.
CABINET OFFICERS IN CONGRESS.
Mr. PENDLETON offered the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That the select committee to which was re-
feriod the bill to admit members of the Cabinet to seats oil
the lioor ot the House be continued during the present
Congress.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
JUVENILE OFFENDERS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, introduced the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
•Reso/t'ed,T!iat the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be infracted to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing *i bill providing that rill juvenile offenders convicted nf
crimes in the Distuct of Columbia shall be sentenced to
that house of correction outside of the District which,
after sixty day«J notice shall have been given by the Sec-
retary of the Interior in some newspaper in cach of the
principal cities of the United States, shall agree to keep
them at the least expense to the Government.
CHANNEL OF THE POTOMAC.
Mr. THOMAS submitted the following- reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an ap-
propriation to deepen the channel of the Potomac river
from the Long biidge to the wharves in Georgetown, so as
to open an outlet for the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, in
place of the Alexandria canal aqueduct, which has been
seized and appropriated to the use of the quartermaster's
department of the United States.
SIDE-WHEEL GUNBOATS.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution for the relief of the
contractors for the machinery of the side-wheel
gunboats known as double-enders; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
ADDITIONAL AIDS-DE-CAMP.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution', which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tit at the Secretary of War he requested, as soon
as practicable, to futin-h to this House the names, rank, and
date of commivsion ot all asds-dc-camp, commonly called
additional aids do camp, who wore m the mihtaiy >>er
vice of ..the United States Match 31,1864,and who have
been appointed by authoiity of the act approved Augusta,
IbGl, entitled u An act supplcmentaiy to an act entitled
i An act to in<*roa>e the present military establishment of
the United States,' " approved July 19,1861, and beeneon-
tiuued in service by auiiiouty of section nineteen ot the
act approved July i~, 1863, entitled "An act to define the
pay and emoluments ot ceitain officers of the Army, and
for other purposes," togcthei with the name of the major
geneiai fur whom such additional aid-dc-camp was ap-
pointed; the name of the major general or other officer
under whom he was seivmg on the la«st day of March,
1864 ; the nature ot the duly pei formed by such additional
aid at the date, and the place whore perlormed,
WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, also submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be msti uoted to inqutie into the present condition of the
Washington National Monument Society, to ascertain the
amount of funds collected lor the association since its last
report; the amount expended and paid for salaries, since
said report, to the respective officers of the company, and
also in what manner the funds on hand aie invested or
kept; and that said committee be authorized to make any
otiiei inquiries which they may think best, and also to send,
if necessaiy, lor books and papers, and witnesses,and that
they report to the House.
THE DRAFT.
Mr. ANCONA asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
foim the House what notice has been given to the people
of the quota-, due and required from the sub-districts alter
the credit for veterans reoniisted and volunteers under the
various calls for troops have been ascertained and de-
ducted.
Mr. "VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. That reso-
lution calls ioi information from one of the Depart-
ments. I object to its consideration to-day.
RENDITION OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. HUBRARD, of Connecticut, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to repoit to tins House a bill for the tepeal of all
acts and pait* of act-< providing for the lendition of fugitive
slaves ; and that it be in order lor said committee to make
said repoit at any time.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
OBJECTS OF THE WAR.
The House then proceeded, as thp regular order
of business, to the consideration of a resolution
offered on the 16th of December, 1863, by Mr.
Rollins, of Missouri, declaring that, prompted
by a just patriotism, we are in favor of an earn-
est and successful prosecution of the war, and
that we will give a warm and hearty support to
all those measures which,will jbe iyios£ effective in
speedily overcoming the rebellion^ and in secur-
ing a restoration of peace, and which may not
substantially infringe the Constitution and tend
to subvert the true theory and character of ihp
Government; and, we hereby reiterate that the
present deplorable civil war has been forced upon
the country,by the disunionists now in revolt
against the constitutional Government; that in
the progress of this war,Congress, banishing all
feeling of mere passion or resentment, will recol-
lect only its duty to the whole country; that this
war is not waged on our part in any spirit of op-
pression, nor for any purpose of conquest or sub-
jugation,,nor purpose of overthrowing or inter-
fering with the rights or established institutions
of those States, but to defend and .maintain the
supremacy of the Constitution, and to preserve
the Union with all the dignity, equality, and rights
of the several States unimpaired; that as soon ap
these objects are accomplished the war ought.to
cease.
The SPEAKERstated the pending,question lo
be on the motion of Mr. Morrill to refer the
resolution to a select committee.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Mr, Speaker,
the resolution which has just been read I had the
honor to offer to the House on the ICtli day of
December last. It is in effect the same resolution
which was adopted at the July session, 1861, of
the Thirty-Seventh Congress, with only two dis-
senting voices—Potter of Wisconsin, and Burnett
of Kentucky; the last-named individual being now
a member of the confederate cpugi;ess iit Rich-
mond. I believed it to be right then—I voted for
it—and I believe it to be right now. It is pre-
sented in no paitisan spirit. At the time of its
introduction it was pronounced by a member on
this floor, now deceased, (Mr. Lovejoy,) a " se-
cession document." Upon a motion to lay the
resolution on the table the vote stood—59 yeas,
114 nays. After the vote, the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] proposing to debate it,
it went over under the rules of the House, and
now for the fiist time since comes up for consid-
eration to-day. While it is not my purpose to
detain the House at length, I feel that it is but
right, as the mover of the resolution, that 3 should
say a few words in regard to it. Whatever may
come of it I have to say, Mr. Speaker, that it
presents a platform upon which I have stood fiom
the commencement of the rebellion; and it has
occurred to me that it is a safe platform, upon
which ev^ry sincerely patriotic Union man in the
nation might stand, no matter to what political
party lie might belong. And it was offered not
only as expressive of my own sentiments, butas
affording"a rallying point for all the friends of the
Government in the terrible struggle for its main-
tenance. I hope the House will come to a direct
vote on the resolution. Let us see who is for it,
and who is against it. I hope there will be no
indifferent motions made in regard to it.
If ever there was a time, Mr. Speaker, when
there should be a cordial unity of sentiment and
of action among all those who desire to preserve
the happy form of Government under which we
live, it is the present moment. And, sir, if we
fail in this gigantic and important struggle; if the
ship of State, so richly freighted, tempest-tossed,
and threatened on all sides with dangers, shy II go
down, it will be lost not on account of inability
on our part to preserve it, but because we ex-
haust our strength upon questions of seconduty
impoitance, and because of the infidelity of the
ciew, in not directing their whole energies to th#e
safety of the vessel. Sir, for what do we con-
tend ? Is it that this or that institution, long ex-
isting in some of the States, should suddenly per-
ish? Is it to have this or that amendment hastily,
and it may be irregularly, incorporated into the
Constitution? Or is it lor the far higher and
nobler object of preserving the Constitution itself,
and which is the only bond of union which can
bind indissolubly together the people of all tin:
States?
Mr. Speaker, in my younger days it was often
a matter of congratulation to myself that Lhe
American people were so blessed in their happy
and matchless form of Government, and so fai
advanced in Christian civilization, that they would
never attempt to settle political questions in any
other mode than by the peaceful processes of
reason and of logic. In the history of the world
