2576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
May 80.
I had read of the desolating civil wars by which j
other nations had been visited to gratify the am- !
bition of kings and of despots, but I had flattered ;
myself that we would be exempted from these
calamities, and that the fierce barbarism which in
other periods of the world's history had stained
with blood the annals of our race would never
disturb the good order of society, endanger the
structure of our own Government, or mar the
.beauty df our social and political organization.
'Iff this I have been sadly mistaken.
I confess, sir, 1 placed far too high an estimate
on the good sense, the virtue, and intelligence of
the American people. Foolishly involved,aswe
are, in one of the most causeless and disastrous
struggles that the world has ever witnessed, we
are but following in the footsteps of those who
have preceded us, setting at naught the precepts
of wisdom, trampling under foot the teachings
and setting at defiance the moderation of the great
and good men who, with so much care, had built
this grand temple of liberty, and beneath whose
shadow their posterity for ages might have lived
fci the enjoyment of every blessing which a great
country and the noblest and freest institutions
ever planted on earth could confer; we find our-
selves rapidly undermining this beautiful temple,
bringing poverty and death upon ourselves, and
destroying the hopes of the wot Id in the capacity
of men to maintain and preserve a Government
based upon the will of the people and a written
Constitution. It is an old adage that "human
nature is the same in every period of the world,"
and we seem determined that its truth shall be
fully exemplified in our own history. Sir, man-
kind are amazed at theevenfs which are now trans-
piring around us, and we are stultified at the follies
and calamities which we have brought upon our-
selves. We are now solving the important prob-
lem whether we shall be equal to the task of pre-
serving a Government and a Union which our
ancestors had the wisdom to create and establish.
No greater problem was ever presented for solu-
tion since the first dawn of creation; and no ques-
tion more important to the well-being of our race
in all the ages that are to follow, was ever dis-
cussed among men. And, sir, if we can pass
through this civil war with the Federal Consti-
tution and the American Union preserved, it will
be the subhmest spectacle that the world has ever
witnessed, growing out of the political interests
and actions of men.
In my poor view war is not the best mode of
preservmgaGovernmentanda Union founded in
the popular will and having for its chief corner-
stone the nffections of the people; and a fearful
responsibility rests upon ail those who, in public
and in private life, have in any way opposed con-
ciliation, and by their conduct nurtured and en-
couraged the deplorable civil war which alike dis-
graces and afflicts our country. Rut, sir, for the
present we must pass by these questions. At
another time, and under other circumstances we
may be permitted to inquire into these matters,
while the record of history will be properly made
in fixing the blame which rightfully attaches to
all those to whom the country is indebted for its
presentmisfortunes. The question now is not so
much for what causes and by whose indiscretion
this civil war exists, but how we can most safely
and honorably get out of it, with the life of the
nation and the union of the States preserved. In
the settlement of these important questions the
heart of every true patriot throbs with'anxiety;
and to these, and these alone, should all our ener-
gies be now directed. In the midst of these great
events, more important in their consequences than
any that have ever transpired m the world's his-
tory, we should rise above all eonsideiations of
party malevolence or mere personal icvenge. For
whatever may be the errors, however great the
crimes, which the southern people have commit-
ted in commencing this war against the Government
of their fathers, we must remember that they
sprang from the same stock with ourselves, that
we have the same religion, speak the same lan-
guage, were educated m the same schools, have
the same traditions, and must share a common
destiny, and in the very war now being waged
they have proved themselves in generalship, in
ingenuity, in courage, in pertinacity, in endur-
ance, and in military skill a foe in all respects
" worthy of our steel." It is idle for us in these
particulars to underrate the high qualities of the
southern people. Upon a hundred bloody and
well-fought fields they have attested their valor,
and wrung from us an unwilling tribute of their
stern devotion to the bad and unjustifiable cause
in which they are engaged. If we may boast of
a Grant, a McClellan, a Hancock, a Sedgwick,
and a Sherman, we must remember they have
their Lees, their Johnstons, their Beauregards,
their Longstreets, and their Hills. I know, sir,
that in giving expression to these liberal senti-
ments, founded as they are in truth, I run the risk
of incurring the displeasure of those rampant
patriots who are unwilling to acknowledge the
possession of any virtue by our obstinate and de-
luded enemy. We have.underrated these people.
Engaged as they.are in an unholy cause, and de-
spising it as we do, we have been slow to acknowl-
edge the high qualities by which they have thus
far sustained it; and at last, sir, when,their mili-
tary power is overcome, as, by the blessing of
God, it will be, if we would then expect to have
peace in the land, we shall have to treat with them
upon the same terms and in the same mannerthat
other liberal and enlightened nationalities have
treated with those violators of the law, who have
attempted to overthrow and destroy the Govern-
ments under which they lived.
Mr. Speaker, since the outbreak of the rebel-
lion, the actual commencement of the war, I have
seen no other mode of ending the struggle than
by fighting it out. It was, and is either this or
the acknowledgment of the independence of the
confederate States. These have been and are
r.ow the alternatives presented to the American
people. These issues cannot be changed; and
regarding disunion as fraught with every possible
evil to ourselves and to our posterity, as a stigma
upon our national escutcheon never to be oblit-
erated, a disgrace to the American name,"a draw-
back to civilization and progress, a destruction
to our nationality, in the continuance of which is
centered the best hopes of mankind, I have seen
no other way since the war commenced of ending
the contioversy and icestablishnig the authority
of the Government than by the diead arbitrament
of arms. The southern people themselves who
are actually engaged in the rebellion contemplate
nothing else; they have staked their all upon it;
disunion is their watch word; to it they arc wedded,
and they will give it up only when, exhausted m
men and resources, they shall be compelled to
yield to the superior power of the Government.
Hence, sir, in my view that legislator best meets
the obligations of true patriotism in this crisis
and sustains the idea of an early and a lasting
peace who stands by the Government in voting
men and money to carry on the war, and in en-
couraging every constitutional measure calculated
to weaken and at the same lime to end the rebel-
lion; not in a spirit of " passion or MiBcntment,"
in the language of the resolution, "nor for any
purpose of conquest or subjugation, nor purpose
of overthrowing or interfering with the rights or
established institutions of those States, but to de-
fend and maintain th^ supremacy of the Constitu-
tion, and to preserve the Union with all the dig-
nity, equality, and rights of the several States
unimpaired."
Such is the language of the resolution; and
these, m my view, are- the only true objects for
which the war ought to be prosecuted . And any
depaiture hitherto or hereafter made from the
spirit of this resolution will only tend to prolong
the struggle, complicate it with new and difficult
questions, produce division and alienation among
those who ought to be united in the one essential
object of saving the Government and reestablish-
ing its authority over the entn e country. To the
securing of these everything else ought to be in-
cidental and subordinate. And, sir, I venture the
assertion, that if from the beginning, when a sim-
ilar resolution was adopted with such great una-
nimity by this House, and approved and sanc-
tioned, I briieve, by all the departments of the
Government, its spirit and purpose had been strict-
ly adhered to, and the policy of the Government
in no respect changed, we would this day have
not only greater harmony among ourselves, but
we would be much nearer.the end of the rebellion.
In other wotds, sir, if from the beginning we had
pursued the policy which all Union men started
out upon, if we had held aloft the Constitution
and the olive branch in one hand and the sword
i in the other, assuring in every way the people of
all the States of the South that our sole purpose
and duty was to defend the Constitution of the
United States, to maintain the authority of the
Government and uphold the Union of the States,
it is my firm conviction that to-day, sir, there
wouldhave beenaUnion party in theSouth equal
in numbers to the party who are now endeavor-
ing to destroy the Government. For we know
at the commencement there was a powerful Union
party in every southern State with, perhaps, the
exception of South Carolina. And if we find mat-
ters so greatly changed we have mainly to look
for the cause in the changed policy into which we
have drifted and which has been pursued. Com-
mencing the war without excuse or justification,
we have been continually making a cause for them
until they now present au almost unbroken pha-
lanx against the Government and the progress of
the national arms.
I know, sir, that the President has been sur-
rounded by great difficulties growing out of the
rebellion, far greater than any which ever beset
any other President, and having confidence in his
patriotism and his sincere desiie to overcome the
rebellion at the earliest possible day, and to rees-
tablish the authority of the Government, I have
not felt it to be my duty to make war upon him
in regard to those questions wherein I differed
from him. In a greatensia like this, while there
must be wide differences of opinion there should
at the samfc time be permitted the freest toleration
of sentiment among all those who claim to have
the same patriotic object in view. Nor would I
hold men to the strictest accountfor those changes
of opinion which revolution and the constantly
varying aspect of public questions tend to creatc
in their minds. I can well see that men may be
equally honest and patriotic, and yet differ widely
in reference to the best policy for the Government
to pursue, where dangers threaten on all sides.
But many questions have been started and issues
presented having no necessary connection with
the war, and which have been greatly calculated
to distract and divide and draw the attention of
the people from that which should be the only
true issue before the country. And to theextent
that these ill-timed and irrelevant questions are
continued to be urged upon us will the cause of
the Government and of the Union be weakened
and endangered. For at last, at the end of the
struggle, wc shall have to come back if we would
save the Union, and to which all of us professso
much attachment, to the very terms and spirit of
the resolution now under discussion. In the lan-
guage of Mr. Lincoln in his inaugural address,
"Suppose you go to war, you cannot fight al-
ways; and when after much loss on both sides
and no gam on either you cease fighting, the iden-
tical old questions as to terms of intercourse are
again upon you.M And I repeat, to be settled if
at all in the spirit of that resolution.
1 know of no punishment too severe to be in-
flicted upon the authors of this cruel and unne-
cessary rebellion; but so far as the masses are
concerned, who have been deluded and led astray,
we should not only adopt a policy of the broad-
est amnesty, but we should abandon all schemes
of confiscation arid legalized plunder, some of
which have been persistently and too success-
fully urged upon this House. I take the same
view of ail those insane theories, having for their
object the subversion of the State governments,
and converting them into territorial dependen-
cies. In looking to reunion,! have no other idea
than that the States will be preserved in the same
geographical and political relations to the Gen-
eral Government which existed anterior to the
rebellion. That theie will be changes in some
respects I do not doubt. As well might we ex-
pect to see the huriicane and the storm sweep
across the land without uprooting the forests as
to see a country like ours pass through the bloody
ordeal of a great revolution without some import-
ant modifications in the organic law. But it is to
be hoped that these changes will not materially
infringe the true theory and character of our
Government or upturn the essential features of
the Federal Constitution.
These unavoidable and incidental changes pro-
duced by a great rebellion we must submit to
But we can never have, in my view, a better form
of government than the one under which we have
lived—the most perfect, consistent with the idea
of the fullest enjoyment of human liberty, which
