THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1, 1864.
New Series.,...No. 162,...
was ever formed. The division of the powers of
the General and State Governments, so admirably
adapted to the protection and the promotion of the
interests of the nation and of the individual States;
the perfect harmony and beautiful simplicity of
the whole machinery working in such admirable
order,commanded alike the admiration and won-
der of men. Endangered at last by an attempt
to put into practical operation the extreme and
dangerous and, I would add,absurd theory of the
constitutional right of a State to secede from the
Union, we must be careful, in avoiding this danger
in our political system, not to drift to the oilier
extreme, whereby the rights of the States would
be ignored and swallowed up in consolidation and
centralization. Our safety consists in guarding
with jealous care the rightsand the powersof the
individual States as well as of the General Gov-
ernment, as defined in the Federal Constitution;
a Constitution which in the achievements of hu-
man wisdom stands without a parallel, and of
which a distinguished Virginian, at one time an
eloquent member of this House, now a general in
the confederate service, said:
" Washington, Franklin, Jefferson, all combined, in Con-
gress or out of Congress, in Convention or out of Conven-
tion, never made that Constitution ; God Almighty sent it
down to your lathers. It was a work, too, of glory, and a
work of inspiration.
" I believe that as fully as 1 believe in my Bible. No
luan.fiom Hamilton and jay and Madison—lioin Edmund
Randolph, wtio had Hie chief bund m making it, and he
was a Virginian—the writers of it, the authors of it, anil
you who have lived under it frinu 1789 to this year of our
Lord 1858, and none of your fathers, ami none of your fath-
ers' sons, have ever measured the Height, or the depth, or
the length, or the breadth of tile wisdom of that Constitu-
tion."—Speech of Henry -1. Wise, 1858.
I act upon the theory that the Union is to be
preserved and the Government saved from wreck;
for it may be, if we fail in the grand effort which
we are now making for national preservation,
the whole character of our institutions may be
changed, and the Government itself converted
into an absolute military despotism. For one,
sir, 1 would be content to-day with the old order
of things, with "the Constitution as it is and
the Union as it was." They mot the objects for
which they were created. No people on earth
ever prospered as have the American people un-
der the influence of our free and beneficent insti-
tutions. They were established by the wisest
and noblest set of men who ever adorned the an-
nals of human history. I was satisfied with their
work. It was good enough for me and for my
children. I would not have changed it myself,
nor do I know the men who are wise enough to
improve it. And all this is perfectly consistent
with that advancement and rational progress in
the science of government and human improve-
ment which a more liberalized culture among the
masses and a steadily advancing Christian civili-
zation would be sure to bring.
Mr. Speaker, as we seem to approach the term-
ination of this struggle, questions of the great-
est magnitude constantly spring up, demanding
of us the most earnest consideration in their
proper settlement. Even after the rebellion is over-
thrown, their capital taken, and their archives
(if they have any) scattered to the four winds,
and their military power so far overcome as to be
no longer effective and dangerous, the question
will still be asked, how can the masses of the
people be best brought back to their former rela-
tions to the Government? I know the theory is
encouraged by some gentlemen—I hope they are
not very numerous—that these people are to be
deprived of all their political rights, that they are
no longer to be readmitted to the full privileges
of citizenship under the Government. Whatever
justice there may be in all such suggestions as
applicable to the leaders in this rebellion, I can-
not appreciate the wisdom or piacticability of
such a policy being extended to all the masses of
the people. It would certainly be destructive of
" all the ends we aim at," in endeavoring to bring
about a restoration of the Government. We all
profess a desire to see the southern people, who
have been led astray, return to their allegiancp
162
and meet the common obligations which we all
owe to the parent*Government. But how can we
expect them to do this with all the onerous con-
ditions which are so strenuously urged by some
imposed upon them? No,sir,.even after the war
is over there must be negotiation and reconcilia-
tion. All these people cannot be driven in exile
from the country; you cannot punish them all for
the crime of treason; they must come back, and
while they will be taught and if need be forced
to obey the laws, they must be made to feel that
under the Government alt their rights will be
respected and protected, and by a faithful observ-
ance of all the laws they will be placed upon the
same footing of equality with every other citizen
of the Republic. To insure their fidelity, they
may and perhap.§ they ought to be required to
take such oaths and to conform to such other
reasonable conditions as will be sanctioned by
the good judgment and accord with the enlight-
ened liberality of the country. By this policy
we may reasonably hope to have peace after the
war is over; the disorders of society produced
by the rebellion will be assuaged; prejudices en-
kindled by the fierce conflict of arms will be soft-
ened; and we must leave to time to heal other
wounds and to wear away the sectional animosi-
ties so long agitating the country, culminating, at
last, in a disgraceful and bloody war, and shak-
ing the very foundations upon which the super-
structure of our Government rests.
Mr. Speaker, in my poor view this is the only
mode by which we can everexpect to restore per-
fect peace to the country and biing again once
more to all the people that prosperity and good
order which existed prior to the breaking out of
this rebellion. Residing in a State where at one
time the opposition to the Federal Government
on the part of many of the citizens was violentand
unrelenting, which has furnished a large number
of soldiers to the confederate army, and in which
the authority of the General Government has
been almoRt entirely reestablished, and the citi-
zens have returned to their allegiance, I am not
wholly without experience in reference to the in-
fluence and good effect of the policy to which I
have adverted. I know that these opinions will
find but little sympathy with many gentlemen on
this floor. Extremely radical as they are and in-
dignant at the attempt to destioy the Government,
irritated at the calamities which the war has
brought upon the country,and the heavy burdens
which musf rest for many years to come upon
the shoulders of the people, and following the
instincts of human nature, they think more of
inflicting punishment upon the guilty than by
a liberal and humane policy endeavoring to win
them back to their allegiance. They would con-
fiscate their estates; they would patcel out their
lands among the brave soldiers who have borne
aloft the banner of their country in the suppres-
sion of the rebellion; they would deprive them
of the right to vote, as well asof therightto hold
office under the Government; they would estab-
lish a system of serfdom over the entire southern
States; they would create a necessity for a stand-
ing army in every county and district of that part
of our country in order to keep the peace and
prevent revolt 1 And some would even go so far
as to elevate the negro to the piivileges of citi-
zenship, and the ownership of the property of
the country, while they would see our own race,
men of Anglo-Saxon blood,degraded in the scale
of being, and become mere " hewers of wood
and drawers of water" for that servile and inferior
race of men whom they had hitherto held as
slaves! Sir,.I cannot repress the indignation
which I feel and which the bare intimation of a
policy like this awakens in my bosom, and i can
regard the men who would attempt the execution
of such a policy as none other than madmen.
<£ Oil, judgment! art thou find to brutish beasts,
And have men lost their reason ?"
Mr. Speaker, I think I appreciate at its full
value the importance of the preservation of the
American Union and of the Government of the
United States. The idea of a continuance of our
national unity and the grand results in the long
vista of coming years which would' flowifrom it
in diffusing the blessings of liberty and of free:
government to mankind in every part of the hab-
itable globe, has been the' thought, more thatran-y
other, which has guided and influenced my po-
litical action in life. It has b.een the political di-
vinity at whose altar I have worshiped from my
infancy; and when I contemplate the horrors
which must inevitably result from the breaking
up of this national unity, the degradation and
dishonor which must forever attach to the very
name of American, 1 feel that we ought to be ready
to make any and every sacrifice in, order to pre-
serve it. But, sir, there are some things-, in my
view, which are even worse than disunion; and
l-ather than see that bright and beautiful land de-
stroyed, its people deprived of citizenship, the
southern States brought into complete subjection-
and controlled and governed by the other States;
rather than see the negro, under the influence of
a false philanthropy and a pertinacious fanati-
cism, taking the place of the white man, arid
made by law politically and socially his equal,
or, as some would prefer, his master; sir, rather
than to witness these thing's, horrible as the idea
of disunion has ever been to me, I would say let
there be separation,hoping still,however, that in
the future, when the animosities of the present
hour no longer controlled, another generation of
men .following the patriotic example of the fathers
of the Republic, would bring about union once
more, so much demanded by the interests of this
continent and the happiness and liberty of our
race. No, sir, I am for preserving the Govern-
ment, but with all the "dignity, equality, and
rights of the several States unimpaired," and, I
will add further, witli the rights of the people, of
every citizen of the Republic, in whaiever part
of it he may reside, equal under the law and un-
der the Constuation, responsible only in a legal
and constitutional manner for any violations "of
the law or for any crimes and offenses which he
may commitagainst the Government. These are
the general views which have occurred to me as
most proper to be adopted m any plan of reunion
which may come up for consideration after the
cessation of hostilities, and they are substantially
embodied in the resolution which we now have
under consideration. But, sir, all. these theories
will fail, all resolutions passed by this House or
by the Congress of the United States will be of
no avail unless our arms meet with success. The
overthrow of the military power of the South is
a sine qua non to the reiistablishmentof peace and
the restoration of the Union; and every measure
which tends to strengthen our Army, to encour-
age our soldiers in the field, to sustain our gen-
erals, should receive the cordial support and
hearty approbation of every patriot in the land.
Mr. Speaker, I have never despaired of the Re-
public. I know the terrible trial which is now
upon us, and the still more terrible ordeal through
which we may yet have to pass before we reach
the end of the struggle. But, sir, 1 believe that
the American people will be equal to all emer-
gencies that may spring out of tins contest. They
are alive to its importance. They know the
issues at stake. Hitherto they have responded
with alacrity and promptness to every call which
the Government has made upon them; they have
not spared their means; and they have proved
themselves ever ready to bare their bosoms to
the storm. And now, at the very crisis of the
nation's fate, in the midst of the remorseless and
desperate struggle which has at last come upon
us; when the capital of the confederate States is
threatened, and, as we hope, on the eve of being
taken, and the piesident and high officers diiven
from the sacred soil of Virginia, and their gov-
ernment literally broken up; when tho biave and
immortal Grant, worthy, as lie has proved him-
self to be, of the highest honors of the nation, is
bearing aloft the national ensign, and carrying
the eagles of the Republic to the very heart of
rebeldom, we have abundant cause of thank-
fulness to Almighty God for the bright bow of
