556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
jre?ro or anywhere else, or a Secretary of a Depart-
ment, is in contemplation of law thought to be
more or less under the influence of members of
Congress; and from a desire to gratify a member
of Congress he may at times dccide unjustly as
against the Government, or at least erroneously.
He trusts to the member of Congress. He be-
lieves that his statements are true because of the
character which every member of Congress is
supposed to possess; and acting upon that, he de-
cides accordingly, as very often what decision is
to be given depends upon the authenticity of the
facts which are laid before the particular Depart-
ment..
ECU I submit whether that applies to a case de-
pending before a court-martial. The influences
upon the judges of a tribunal of that description
.are much stronger, I think, than any influence a
mere counscl can bring to bear because -of the
fact that he is a member of Congress. The judges
themselves, the members of the court, are ap-
pointed directly by the President or by the Piesi-
dent's authority. They depend mote or less for
their advancement in their profession upon presi-
dential favor. There are, besides—it is useless
to deny; we all know it; in the nature of things
it must be so—existing in every army and in
every navy what may be called cliques; and where
that is the case, if the judges who are to try a
man belonging to one of these cliques happen
themselves to belong to another, they bring, or
are supposed to bring, and in all probability do
bring without knowing it, the prejudices which
arise from that fact.
Now, the great security, or one of the great
securities, as it seems to me, of having a fair trial,
notwithstanding the outside influences or inter-
nal influences which the membcrsof these couits-
martial may, as 1 have said, unknowing to them-
selves, be under, is to have before them some pi o-
fessional man whose chaiactu in the eountiy
may be supposed to be more or less a guarantee
that lie will (Jo nothing professionally that he does
not think is right, and upon whose judgment after
the result of any particular case may have been
Jfnovvn the court may think the public themselves
will in some measure rely. 1 cannot conceive it
possible that because a man happens to be a mem-
ber of Congress lie can have any influence with
the judges of a court-martial which could operate
prejudicially at all to the attainment of justice.
Then, on the other hand, why is it—I ask in
the name of humanity and m the name of justice,
why is it that a man tried for his life before one
of those tribunals, more or less ignorant of all the
laws of evidence,and moreorless ignorant of the
proper construction to be given to the statutes,
should riot have the benefit of the best counsel
that he in his opinion may think is to be procured?
The meanest man in the community who hap-
pens to be tried for his life, or foi any offense
which involves his chaiacter, has a right to select
any counsel that he thinks proper before any of
the civil courts. Ife may come into thi-? Senate
Chamber or go into the other House and select
anybody that he can get to defend him, and it js
one of the duties of the piofession,nnd one, as far
as 1 know, that they never shrink from, to render
that service whether the paity charged is able to
compensate or not.
If you give the lowest man in the community
the privilege of being defended before an/com t
in the community other than a court-martial the
privilege of selecting his own counsel without
reference to the political status of that counsel,
why is it that you will not give to a genera! in tho
field, who has passed his life in the service of his
country, and added to its honor, as u may some-
times happen, and who is upon his trial for his
life, the privilege of being defended by the counsel
- that he may think best fitted to serve him ? If I
believed it to be possible, because of the relation
in which that counsel may stand to the Govern-
ment and because of the relation in which stand-
ing to the Government, he may stand, or be sup-
posed to stand, toward the tribunal before whom
he is to appear, that it would woik an erroneous
result and do mischief to the country, I would be
tlie last person in the world to object to such a
proposition as this.
Before I sit down, permit me to say, Mr. Presi-
dent, that so far as i am individually concerned
such an amendmentas this will have no effect upon
me except to save trouble. In many of the cases
in which I have heretofore been engaged in be-
half of parties before courts-martial, I have got
nothing and charged nothing; and in those cases
wheie I have chaiged, or rather where I have been
paid without charging, it was a compensation that
I would not have taken under any other circum-
stances; much less than I charged in oidinary
cases; because nine times out of ten the party who
is being tucd, no matter how high his rank may
be in the military or naval service, is unable to
pay. He-has spent his life in maintaining the
honor of the country, sustaining the glory of her
flag, representing her abroad, if he is in the naval
service; gone far from his home, if he is in com-
mand of a corps or division, and spent, nine times
out of ten, not only all, but more than you give
him; and when he gets involved in a difficulty
which may lead to a court-martial he is penni-
less, literally penniless, so far as concerns his
ability to pay counsel the professional fees which
they have been in the habit of getting.
Now here we aie in 1861. The Constitution was
adopted m 1789. Our foiefaihers went through
the war of the Revolution without such a provis-
ion as this. You went through the second war of
independence, as it has been termed, (he war of
1812, and the war with Mexico m 184G without
such a provision as this, and you have gone
through the present war up to the present time
without such a provision. What hatm has re-
sulted from permitting members of either House
to appear as counsel befoie courts-martial ? i am
aware of none at all; that is to say, I am aware
of no harm resulting to the country or to the in-
dividual because of the fact that the counsel of the
party happens to stand toward the Government
in the relation of Senator or Representative. I
think it has been found,on the contrary, no mat-
ter who is the counsel, that the commanding in-
fluence, the controlling influence, is the Executive.
A man from Maiyland was ti Jed,for aiding the
enemy, before a com t-martial composed of some
of the most intelligent and honorable officers in
the service, and he was subjected to the punish-
ment of a mere reprimand. The leeord of that
judgment was haidly filed in the War Depart-
ment before the Secretary of War lectured them
by an order, reprimanding the couit, and order-
ing the party who had been found not guilty, free
of the offense with which lie was charged, to be
handed over to theci\il tribunals to be there pros-
ecuted.
In another case where the party charged had
the benefit of the counsel of a member of the other
House, and who was tried, before a couit com-
posed again of as high-minded and honorable men
as are to be found in the military service, upon five
or six or seven specifications of charges all involv-
ing fraud, was not only acquitted, but was said to
be honoiably acquitted. Such was the finding
upon each one of the charges, and upon each one
of the specifications. When it came heie it was
filed in the same Department. The Secretary of
War—I am not finding fault with him; I am not
saying that he did not do what he thought to be
his duty: I think he transcended it, but that is a
matter of opinion—issued an otder dissolving the
court, icflecting upon the intelligence of the court,
insinuating disloyalty upon the members of the
court, and hud influence enough with the Piesi-
dent to get the President to say in an official order
that the man who bad been pronounced not guilty,
and pronounced as having been honorably acquit-
ted, was dishonorably discharged from the service,
ilis counsel could not save him.
I mention these facts not for the purpose of find-
ing fault with the Secretary of War, but merely
for the purpose of submitting to the Senate, as
illustiated by these two cases, that it is peifectly
clear that whatever influence can be brought to
bear upon the minds of a court-martial comes from
another quarter than that of counsel.
With these lemarks, Mi. Piesident, I leave the
subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, this Sen-
ate and the House of Representatives undoubt-
edly contain a very fair spiinkling of the legal
talent of the country, and probably possess an
average shaie of that integrity that belongs to the
pi ofession; but it makes a very small poi lion, an
almost infinitesimal portion of the legal ability
of the country. We really deprive nobody of |
any privileges, and submit' nobody to injury or |
loss by simply saying that the members of this I
Senate and of the House of Representatives who
are lawyers shall not practice in certain cases in
which the Government is concerned.
Mr. TRUM BULL. We only prohibit them
from receiving fees. They can go there if they
want to do so without fees.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then we should not
exclude the honorable Senator from Maiyland,
whose practice it seems to be to defend persons
without charge, especially in court-martial cases.
I think the proposition is a sound one and a
good one. In the first pfftce, with reference to all
other officers connected with the General Govern-
ment except members of Congress, their whole
time is, or ought to be, necessarily taken up in •
the discharge of their duties for which they re-
ceive jiay. With regard to us, the greater part
of our time is so, or ought to be so appropriated.
When we are at home some of us engage in pio-
fessional pursuits, and perhaps we do no injury
in any way in that particular. For myself, how-
over, 1 have been so long now in public life that
I have pretty much lost the capacity for profes-
sional pursuits, and therefore do not have much
to do.
1 think this rule a sound one. If we do not
give our whole time to the Government we ought
at least to see that we aie not mixed up in affairs
with which the Government are connected by
which we may be influenced in the discharge of
our public duties. That, I think, is the great
difficulty.
Take the case, for instance, of a court-martial.
A member of the Senate may be counsel for an
officer tned before a court-martial. It is impos-
sible, in the very nature of things, that his feel-
ings should not be strongly enlisted for his client;
and there are few counsel whose minds are so ex-
ceedingly well balanced that they can keep clear
of that prejudice and afterwards act without prej-
udice as judges upon the case. IIow often has it
happened that persons who have been tried before
courts-martial make complaints to Congress, and
efloits aie made here to bring in the record and
spicad it before the country. Peihaps we may
have occasion to act upon that very thing in
some other form, and it is impossible, in my judg
ment, that we can bring to it, after having been
ourselves employed as counsel, that clear and un
biased judgment which we ought to possess with
refeiencc to all such matters.
This matter of couits-martial has been suggest-
ed as one illustration. Perhaps it is the strongest
one. I think it is a case particularly wheie mem-
bers of the Senate and House of Representatives
should not act as counsel, either with fees or
without fees. All these matters, in which the
interests of the Government aie so particularly
connected, and are peihaps adverse to the inter-
ests of individuals,"are not such matters as we
should engage in; for I hold that having accepted
our offices and taking the pay that we icceive for
the services we render, and being members of the
Government itself, we should take care to keep
not only our time ready for the service of the
country, but our minds also in such a state that
they are unbiased in their action with refeience
to public affairs. More particularly do I hold it
not only advisable but essential that we should
receive no fees with leference to such matters,
although I see no impropriety in it as a general
rule, and do not wish to cast the slightest reflec-
tion on anybody. 1 believe the true doctrine is
that as public servants, acting in the capacity
and the high capacity we do, we should keep our-
selves in icgaid to the affairs of the Government
entirely clear of everything Which might tend to
cast a bias on our minds in reference to any par-
ticular matter or similar matters at any subsequent
period.
It is with this view and on this general consid-
eration, and this general consideration alone, that
1 shall give my vote for this bill, not exactly as
it stands, for I think it needs some little amend-
ment. It has been suggested to me that theie are
some amendments, which will be proposed, that
I suppose will address themselves to the sense of
the honorable SenatoYwho is chairman of the Ju-
diciary Committee. On those I have nothing to
say ; but with reference to the general principle,
I disagree entirely with the honorable Senator
fiom Maryland, for the reason that 1 have stated.
It is a single and simple one. Perhaps it will not
be considered so forcible by anybody else as by
