1602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
would bo to have it ruled over by those who are
itke to Pierce and Buchanan. Does the gentle-
man from Indiana want to ask a question upon
that? 1 knew the gentleman would rise to dis-
sent, and i was only going to ask, that if I was
condemned and to be hung with a hair halter, they
would give me the gracious privilege of having a
hemp halter, provided the hemp was not raised
on the soil which has reared so many bloody
traitors in arms.
The gentleman's interruption is so accordant
with Ins habits t Why, sir, he would not live in
good health, and his days would be shortened,
lie would reach an untimely grave, had he not the
blessed opportunity of rising to object to some-
thing suggested by gentlemen who have been in
the habit of using free speech in the Hall and out
of it.
Now, sir, I think I have done with that. Mr.
Conway was not censured, he was not expelled.
But i say there was then something like a good
reason for indulging such sentiments as he ut-
tered, although 1 did not justify their utterance
a year ago. At that time the Democratic party
was so strong that they had elected the Gov-
ernorof New York, and itseemed as if they were
about to carry the whole country by the misfor-
tunes of our Army; and the fear was entertained
that slavery, with all its desolating woes and
damning disgrace, would be spread over the land
by compromise. How different is the position
of affairs to-day, when the gentleman from the sec-
ond district of Ohio gets up to propose that we
divide the Union, and yield all to traitors and sla-
very. Where is the rebel army and where is the
Democratic party? The rebel army is reduced,
and our Army is strong and confident, having
conquered whole States. Where is the Demo-
cratic party? Go, sir, into the old Hall of Rep-
resentatives near us, and what do you see there?
You will find in marble the form of a corpsc hold-
ing the hatchet, lying upon a dark pall. It is
the dying Tecumseh. There upon his breast you
see two serpents worshiped by "the braves,"as
if about to sting his lite away. That is an illus-
tration of the position of the Democratic party to-
day. Its representative is prostrate and dying.
It is labeled, ts Do not touch it; donot hantfleit."
Thus it is with the gentleman from Indiana; he
would label his dying party also, " Do not touch,
do not handle it."
Sir, I cannot accept his advice at present; 1
shall handle the Democratic party; I shall speak
of it; I shall approve of the course of those of
its members who are true to the country, and con-
demn the course of those who ate not. I do not,
sir, attack all the Democratic gentlemen upon that
side of the House. There are men there who I
believe are true war men; but I do include those
gentlemen whose sympathies are with the rebels,
who have made grumbling a profession, and who
are continually upbraiding this side of the House
as abolitionists, to divide our people. That,sir,
was the decree which went forth from Jeff. Davis,
that hereafter we should all be called abolition-
ists. The gentleman from the Columbus district
of Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] early in the session charac-
terized us as abolitionists and miscegens, and
when asked what would become of the negroes
when set at liberty, said they would run over to
this side of the House, a deliberate insult to men
who havedeclaied against slavery, and amalga-
mation, its accompaniment.
I never understood until of late what the mean-
ing of miscegenation was. [ have found out
now that it means the mixing of negro blood with
the blood of the traitors, one species of Demo-
crat, and I will say for the benefit of the gentle-
man from Ohio I think the negro blood is greatly
vitiated thereby. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARRINGTON. Wilt thfc gentleman
from Iowa allow me to ask him a question now ?
Mr. GRINNELL. Certainly; i could not be
ungentlemanly if I should try,
Mr. HARRINGTON. 1 desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Iowa to whom he refers when he
uses in substance the language that a member
from Indiana stated that the New England sol-
diers had no stomach for the light.
Mr. GRINNELL. My recollection is some-
what indistinct, but I am under the impression
that the gentleman who is now questioning me
made that remark. I do not know but I alluded
to him. I said so.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I desire to ask the
member from Iowa if he did not hear me say,
when questioned by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,! that I referred to the
people of New England, and if he did not hear me
give as evidence the action of Governor Andrew
and the conduct of the Representatives of New
England upon this floor?
Mr. GRINNELL. I will say to thegentleman
that all that has been explained in his absence
from the Hall. His very faithful and worthy
friend, [Mr. Holman,] general objector to un-
parliamentary remarks, explained that matter
entirely.
Mr. HARRINGTON. The gentleman will
pardon me for one moment.
Mr. GRINNELL. I will yield if it is not to
come out of mv time.
Mr. HARRINGTON. One word only. I
wish to do justice to all-portions of the country,
and I hope the gentleman will not object to my
saying a word.
Mr, GRINNELL. 1 will accept the gentle-
man's explanation.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I only desire to say 
Mr. GRINNELL. Oh! 1 cannot allow a
speech.
Mr. HARRINGTON. Only one sentence.
The gentlemen is mistaken as to what I said. I
did not intend, nor did i by my words reflect
upon New England soldiers. I believe they are
as brave as any soldiers in the field. I spoke of
the Representatives of New England, and I think
the gentleman ought to have known that, and
ought not to have represented my remarks dif-
ferently.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, I think 1
have demonstrated my fairness to the gentleman.
I now wish to reply in a few words to the gen-
tleman from the Cincinnati distiict always fair
and able, [Mr. Pendleton,] who maintains that
we have no power to censure or expel a member
except for disorderly conduct, explained as vio-
lent acts or personally offensive words. I have
looked for the definition of the word disorderly;
it means "irregular, deviating from established
rules." Are these words of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Long] out of order ? Is he not in speech
against the country? Jf I wished to find an ex-
planatory use of the woid disorderly, I might
perhapsgo to the writings of St. Paul, where we
have a fair translation of words inspired, and I
should not make apology for quoting fiom that
Book of book's even here. He says, " Withdraw
youisrlvea from every brother that walketh disor-
derly ;" "for we behaved notouiselves disorderly
anion.; you." 1 maintain that by a fair and le-
gitimate construction of this word m these con-
nections we can expel or we can censure a mem-
ber. It certainly was not meant that it should
only apply incase of theft or in case of profanity.
It did not mean grossness, but a walk unchristian,
against, in all cases, the order of the church. The
law of order here is for the sacred cause ofourai ms,
and I contend that the gentleman from Ohio does
nothing less than destroy that order. He is for the
enemy, designedly or not, with deliberate speech,
lie took the oath to support the Constitution, and
yet has given aid and comfort to the enemy, pro-
claiming himself in favor of giving up the contest
and yielding to traitors in arms. He is in favor
of declaring a dividing line between the Union
and the confederacy. He would say to our sol-
diers on the eve of battle, u You will shed your
blood for naught." He is in favor of saying to
those who have lost friends in the ranks of the
Union Army, " Your sons, your brothers, your
fathers have died in vain," and the cause is hope-
less. In this way he has lent encouragement to
the enemy, and, so far as his wordsgo, paralyzed
our Army by the declaration that this war is
against the Constitution. ( submit that his case
: comes within the meaning of the word disoiderly
| as used in the Constitution. I believe that in-
| strumcnt gives us every power to deal with those
who are opposed to the country and in favor of
separation, and to say to them by vote, moved
by considerations of self-protection,^wc believe
you to be unworthy of a seat on this floor. 1
would trample on no rights, but guard free speech
when it did notencourage traitors and jeopardize
our cause.
Mr. Speaker, I have been subject to so many
interruptions that I must leave unnoticed points
which could be made in defense qf our proposed
action of censure.
In the light ofDemocratic precedent (poor, I ad-
mit,) I haveshown that we have full justification,
and that the Union men in this Chamber could
not expel Mr. Conway, who, by every word and
act, showed himselfa patiiot, however indiscreet,
and under the Constitution we may use our privi-
lege of censure or expulsion in rebuke to disloy-
alty on this floor and in encouragement to our
Army.
I yield the remainder of my time to the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Rollins.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
has but three minutes left.
Mr. GRINNELL. But for my interruptions
I should have given the gentleman fifteen min-
utes of my time.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
feel a good deal embanassed, because I shall not
be able to make a very interesting speech in the
course of the three minutes assigned to me; and
unless I can draw on the time of my friend from
New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,] who 1 believe is to
get the floor next, I shall claim from the courtesy
of the Speaker on Thursday morning the oppox*-
tunity of submitting a few remarks.
I think, Mr. Speaker, from the demonstrations
we "have had heie to-night, the heart of every
patriot in this House and in these galleries ought
to be filled with hope and assured with confidence
that the country is safe! Certainly no man after
the broad, liberal, patriotic, and anti-partisan views
which we have "heard expressed here to-night can
have a shadow of doubt that we shall be able to
suppress this rebellion!
To be serious, Mr. Speaker, 1 must confess
that my heart is filled with sadness at the con-
tinued notes of party, party, party, which I hear
sounded. It seems to me it is all for party and
none for country. It seems to me that on both
sides of the House it is a continual small attempt
to obtain some advantage for party, not to pro-
mote the great interests of the country, but to
promote the interest of party for the next presi-
dential election.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDR1DGE I hope the gentleman shall
have leave to go on.
There was no objection.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker,
if I could save this country from destruction, I
would be willing that this side of the House or
that side of the House should select the man to
preside over its destinies, not only for the next
four years but for the next forty years. If I
could save the Government from destruction, it
would be a small matter to me whether Abraham
Lincoln or George B. McClellan presided over
the destinies of the country.
Mr. Speaker, I desire io expiess my opinion
regarding the resolution proposed by the honor-
able Speaker of this House. I shall not vote for
the expulsion of the member fi om Ohio. I think
that resolution is the most ill-limed thnf has been
proposed m this House during the present session.
If the speech of the gentleman from Ohio contains
poison, which is likely to produce disease in the
body-politic of the country, the honorable Speaker
| could not have selected a more efficient mode of
| infusing that poison in the public heart of the
| country than by introducing a resolution to ex-
j pel the honorable member from Ohio. Except
j forthatre&olution, I venture to say that the speech
j of the gentleman from Ohio would not have been
j read by perhaps a thousand persons in the Uni-
ted States; but as it is, it will be read in every
State, in every village, in every mansion, and in
every cabin from one comer of the land to the
other. If it had not been for the resolution the
honorable Speaker has offered, the speech of the
gentleman fiom Ohio would have fallen still-born
from his lips. It would have passed like the
speeches of other gentlemen delivered here into
thepolitical historical rubbish of the country, and
most of us would have forgotten within a few
weeks or months that it had ever been delivered.
I repeat, sir, if that speech contains political
poison, the censure for disseminating it must fall
upon the head of the honoiable Speaker of this
House. If it be a dagger aimed at the national
heart, it is the strong hand of the Speaker that
wields it and drives it to its fatal aim ! And, sir,
jf this speech is capable of doing the injury
