2578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,.
promise which spans our skies. And in this
hour of the deepest anxiety, when the fate of the
nation and the perpetuity of our Government is
trembling m the balance, and when the complete
success of our arms will send a thrill of gladness
and of joy, of hope and of confidence to the heart
of every friend of free Government throughout
the habitable globe, may God inspire every true
friend of the Constitution and of the Union with
courage, with patience, with hope, with magna-
nimity, that we may meet the duties of the hour
like "men, high-minded men," not only at the
present time, but also when we shall have passed
the great impending crisis which is now upon us.
"With these remarks, Mr. Speaker, if no other
gentleman desires to discuss the resolution, 1
move the previous question; but I first desire to
modify itby striking out the word " substantial."
The SPEAKER. When the resolution was
offered on the 16th of December last the gentle-
man from Vermont moved its reference to a select
committee. The previous question, of course,
covers that motion.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I ask the gentle-
man from Missouri to give me an opportunity to
offer an amendment before he moves the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Having modi-
fied the resolution, I believe I must insist upon
the previous question.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise for the purpose of
modifying my motion sous to refer the resolution
to the select committee on the rebellious States.
Mr. SMITH ERS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. X desire the House to resume the consider-
ation of the Kentucky contested-election case.
The SPEAKER. That question will take
precedence.
Mr. MORRILL. I appeal to the gentleman
from Delaware to allow tins question to be dis-
posed of.
Mr. SMITHERS. If I was certain that it
would be disposed of under the previous question
I would tlo so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. A contesicd-
election case is always a matter of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desire/s to ascer-
tain from the gentleman from Delaware whether
ho calls up his question of privilege.
Mr, SMITHERS. As it seems to bo the de-
sire of the House that I should waive it for a
moment, I will do so.
Mr. COX. Have the yeas and nays been or-
dered ?
The SPEAKER. They have not been.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was on the motion
to refer to the select committee on the rebellious
States, on which the yeas and nays luid been or-
dered.
MESSAGE FROM Till! PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary,
announced that the President had approved.and
signed an act (H. K. No. 272) for the relief of
Julia A. Ames; an act (H. R. No. 407) author-
izing the establishment of ocean mail steamship
service between the United States and Brazil; and
an act(H. R. No. 432) for the iclief of the citizens
of Denver, in the Territory of Colorado.
MESSAGE E110M THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed an act (S. No. 19Si) relating to the com-
pensation of pension agents; an act (S. No. 288)
to amend an act for the relief of Solomon Wads-
worth; and an act (S. No. 291) to amend an act
entitled "An act to enable the people of Colorado
to form a constitution and State government, and
for the admission of such State into the Union on
an equal footing with the original States."
SUPPORT OS TUB WAR—AGAIN.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Is it in order to
move to lay th« resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I make that mo-
tion.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to put an
inquiry to the gentleman from Vermont. [Cries
of " Object!"]
Mr. MALLORY. I make the point of order
that the committee on the rebellious States, being
a select committee, having made its report, and
that report having been acted on by the House, is
functus officio.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is correct; but a select committee can be
revived by the reference of a bill, resolution, or
petition to it by the House.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Thatcom-
mittee has before it a petition which I presented,
and has not yet reported.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD called for the yeas
and nays on his motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 27, nays 114;as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold, John
D. Baldwin, Brandegec, Cresvvell, Thomas T. Davis,
Dawes, Donnelly, Eliot, Farnsworth, Garfield, Griiinell,
Asahel W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Hulburd, Little
john, Schenek, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Elilill B. Wasll-
burne, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Fernando Wood—
37.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Baily,
Augustus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Beainan, Blaine, Jacob B.
Blair, Bliss, Boyd, Brooks, James S. Blown, Chanter, Ara-
luose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cofiroth, Cole,
Cox, Cravens, lluwson, Ee.ktey, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge,
English, Fenton, Fmek, Frank, Ganson, Oooch, Griswold,
Hauling, Ilainngton, Charles M. Harris, Iierrick, Higby,
Dolman, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Hutchins, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kasson,Kelley, Orlando
Kellogg, ICernan, King, Knapp, I.e Blond, Loan, Long,
Longye.ir, Malluiy, Marcy, Maivin, McAllister, McBride,
MeCluig, McDowell, Samuel F. Miller, Moirill, James It.
Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nelson,
Noble, Odell, Chillies O'Neill, John O'Neill, Orth, Patter-
.-011, Pendleton, Perlmm, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn,
Radfoid, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall, Alexan-
der 11. Rice, John II. Rice, Rogers, Edward II. Rollins,
James S. Rollins, Ross, Seofield, Scott, Shannon, Smith,
Simthers, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles,
Sweat, Thayer, Thomas, Upson, Van Valkcnburgh, Voor-
hees, Wadswsnth, William B. YVaslibmn, Webster, Wha-
ley, Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Williams, Woodbriilge,
and Yeanian—114.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. COX. I wish to make an appeal to the
House to give us n direct vote on this resolution,
and not strangle it by referring it to a committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in or-
der. No debate is in order.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order to move to amend the motion by directing
the committee to report the resolution at a specified
time ?
The SPEAKER. That motion would not be
in order, the previous question having been or-
dered.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I wish to make
ail appeal to my friend from Vermont.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. 1 merely wish
to make a .suggestion.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I desire to
say [Shouts of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The previous question tfas
ordered on the motion of the gentleman from Mis-
souri himself, and he must know that it is not in
order to debate.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Well, sir, I
moiely want to appeal to patriotic gentlemen on
all bides to pass this resolution.
The question was taken on Mr. Morrill's res-
olution, and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas SI, nays GG; as follows:
Y I'.AH—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Boyd, Bian-
degee, Ambrose VV. Claik, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole,
Creswell, Henry Winter IKm-, Thomas T. Davi-,, Dawes,
Demlng, Donnelly, Eektcy, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fenton,
Frank, Gailield, Oooch, Gunnel!, Higby, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Asain.l VV. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Hulburd, In-
gersoll, Jenekes, Ka-sou, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Or
lando Kellogg. Llttletohn, Loan, Longyear, Marvhi, Me-
Cluig, Samuel F. Miller, Moirill, Daniel Morris, Amos
Myers, Leonard Myers, Charles O'Neill, Oitll, Perliain,
Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William 11. Randall, Alexander IL
Kice, John U. Rice, Edward II. Rolhns, Seheiick, Seofield,
Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Snnthers, Spalding, Stevens,
Thayer, Thomas, Tiaey, Upson, Van Valkcnburgh, Eliliu
B. Washbtlrne, William B. VVashbuin, Williams, VVildei,
WiNon, Windom,aiui Woodbritlge—81.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Atieona, Bally, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Jacob B. Blair, Bliss, Brooks, James S.
Biown,Chanler, Coft'rqth, Cox, Ciavens,Dawson, Denison,
Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, English, Finck, Ganson, Under,
Griswold, Hauling, Hai rington, Charles M. Harris, Heirick,
Uolman, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kernan, King,
Knapp, Law, Le Blond, Long,Mallory. Marcy, McDowell
James R. Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, Odell, John
O'Neili, Pendleton, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
Rogers, James 3. Rollins, Ross, Seott, John B. Steele, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Stiles, Sweat, Voorhees, Wadswoitli,
Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
White, Winfield, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—66.
So the resolution was referred to the select com-
mittee on the rebellious States.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. LAZEAR stated that he had paired with
his colleague, Mr. Mooriiead. ,
Mr. COX stated that Mr. McKinnf.y had gone
home with the dead body of an officer.
Mr. HOLMAN stated that Mr. Middleton
had paired with Mr. Bootwell.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN stated that his colleague,
Mr. W. J. Allen, was detained in Baltimore by
Mr. McALLISTER said he had paired with
Mr. Broomall.
Mr. ANCONA stated that he understood his
colleague, Mr. Miller, had paired with Mr.
Juli'an.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
HARBORS ON THE LAKES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Kentucky, who is entitled to the floor
on the Kentucky contested-election case, [Mr.
Yeaman,] yields the floor to me to move.to sus-
pend the rules to report and have passed a bill to
provide for the repair and preservation of certain
public works of the United States. I move to sus-
pend the rules for that purpose.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask if that bill has been be-
fore the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. ANCONA. Then I raise the question of
order that the bill, making appropriations, must go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois is to suspend all rules that in-
terfere with the consideration of the bill at this
time in the House.
Mr. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The rules were suspended—ayes 90, noes 20.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 now re-
port the bill, and demand the previous question
on its engrossment and third reading.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was read.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time, and was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the reading of the
engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not engrossed,
but it has received its third reading, and the de-
mand of the gentleman therefore comes too late.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 demand
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUNISHMENT OP GUERRILLAS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report from the Committee
on Military Affairs a bill for the punishment of
guerrillas, and for other purposes.
Mr. LE BLOND. I object to that bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the rules.
The bill was read. It is to provide for the more
speedy punishment of guerrillas, and for other
purposes. It enacts that the provisions of the
twenty-first section of an act entitled "An act
for enrolling and calling out the national forces,"
approved March 3, 18G3, shall apply as well to
the sentences of military commissions as to those
of courts-martial; and authorizes the command-
ing general in the field, or the commander of the
department, as the case may be, to curry into ex-
ecution all sentences against guerrillas for rob-
bery, arson, burglary, rape, assault witii intent
