1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
me; but it is a matter on which I have reflected
more than once during my congressional career,
and 1 came to the conclusion eaily that, so far as
the Government wasconcerned, members of Con-
gress should devote themselves in all these mat-
ters particularly to their own duties, keeping j
clear of any complications with others that might
m any way bias their opinions or affect their ac-
tion.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, upon the ques-
tion whether members of Congress should be al-
lowed to practice before courts-martial, 1 entertain
a very decided opinion. 1 did so in committee;
\ believe it was at my suggestion that the prohi-
bition was placed m the bill; and the more I have
considered the subject the more certainly I have
felt convinced that such prohibition will be salu-
tary.
I agree with the Senator from Maine as to the
reasons for this prohibition which may be con-
sidered personal to ourselves why we should not
thus act. But there are additional reasons not
less strong, in my judgment, than those, strong
and indeed conclusive as they may be.
When we consider the composition of these
militai y tribunals, there are, it seems to me, very
strong reasons why members of the Senate cer-
tainly should not practice as counselors and attor-
neys before them. The members of those courts
are all looking to promotion; they all expect at
a proper time to be elevated from lieutenants to
captains, and from captains to majors, and so on
up to major geneials or lieutenant generals, as the
case may be. It is true that Senators have not
the powerof promoting these seveial officers; but
we are supposed to exert a very considerable in-
fluence in piocuiing their promotion. Whether
that be so or not, it is quite certain that sitting
here in executive session we have some power in
deriding whether they shall bo promoted or not.
A single vote m the Senate is sometimes very im-
portant upon the question of the promotion of a
military officer. A single Senator may have it in
his power to prevent a man from being made a
major general or a brigadier general or any other
military officer of a higher or a lowei grade.
Taking human nature as it is, it is utterly incon-
ceivable that membeis of these military courts j
should not have this fact m their minds while they
are trying causes brought befoie thorn. I do not
say that they will be improperly biased by any
influence which a Senator, acting as counsel, could
exert before them. No doubt they,as honorable,
upright men, would intend to decide the cause just
as they would if any other person were counsel,
decide it on its naked merits, and try the cause,
and not the particular party, much less the coun-
sel of the pcutieulai paity. But after all it is per-
fectly clear that the influence of a Senator, should
lie choose to exci t it, might, quite unconsciously
to the members of the court, lead to a result which
all would deprecate and regret.
The honorable Senator from Maryland, it
seemed to me, was unfortunate in his illustiation
on that very point. He alluded to the decisions
of several courts-martial wheie the judgment of
the court, pronounced as he said by as intelligent,
high-minded, and honorable men as couid be
found in the military service, was by the Secre-
taiy of War set aside; and an officer who had been
honorably acquitted by the judgment nt his peers
was by the President of tho United States, influ-
enced by the Sicvetary of War, dishonorably
dischaiged fiom the service. Wiiyr" Because in
the opinion of the Executive that judgment was
one which ought not to be carried out; it was an
erroneous finding or an en oneous judgment upon
the finding; and so flagrant was this judgment
that the Executive discharged dishunorably from
the service one who had been honoiably acquit-
ted by thecourt-maitial. Ilow was the judgment
of that military court bro'ight about' Who was
counsel for that man thus acquitted by the court
and dismissed by the Executive t A membei of
Congress. I understood the honorable Senator
to state that the counsel for the accused in that
case was a member of Congress. Far be it from
me to impute any wrong to that member, or to
charge that any enoneous influence was exerted
by that member upon the mind of the couu; but
it is a fact which cannot be winked out ol sight
that the judgment was one which struck the Ex-
ecutive with surprise, and one which he would
not carry out. The Executive may have been
wrong and ihe court right, but it is quite possi-
ble also tlu't the court m:iy have been wrong and
the Executive right. At all events, under these
circumstances I would as soon accept the judg-
ment of the Executive, insisted upon, as I under-
stand the honorable Senator to say it was, by the
Secretary of War. as correct, as take the judgment
of the coui t; and if there cl/anced to bean unfor-
tunate element of congressional influence, in the
character of counsel, introduced into the trial ex-
traneous to the merits of the cause, it would ac-
count for the result at wffich the court arrived.
I have heard—I do not know that it is true, [
trust it is not, but it is an illustration of the prin-
ciple to which I am alluding—I have hoard that
on acertainocca^ion befoieacourt-martial n mem-
ber of Congress, appearing as counsel,and being
dissatisfied \vi th some preliminary decisions made
by the court, saidm veiy decided language to some
member of the court, "You expect soon to be
promoted, and I give you to understand that your
confirmation will not get through the Senate with-
out some difficulty." I am desirous, and I pre-
sume every member of the Senate,as well as every
citizen who desires that justice should be admin-
istered fairly, both by military and civil courts,
is desirous to avoid these evjfs, if it be possible
to avoid them by legislation. 1 think it is; and
I think that the difficulties which our citizen sol-
diers will sustain in consequence of not being able
to avail themselves of the services of members of
Congress to act as their counsel are more ima-
ginary than real. No doubt there are honorable
members of this body and of the House of Rep-
resentatives who could act most efficiently and
ably as counscl, either befoie military or civil
I courts; but as the honorable Senator from Maine
I suggests, these two bodies composing the Con-
j giess of the United States by no means contain
! the whole legal ability of the country. There will
j bo no danger but that innocence may be defended
| and justice vindicated before all the tribunals of
j the country if we have nothing to do with the
! administration of justice.
i To make the law is our proper duty, and I think
j as a gi netal thing it is better to leave to others the
! administration of the law which we may haveen-
1 acted; certainIy before all courts where those who
! compose them may be eonsuleivd^n any manner
: dependent upon us either for their continuance in
| place or for their promotion to a higher place. If
! the members of a civil couit held their'offices at
! our will, or we by our vote could remove them
i from office readily, 1 would prohibit members of
! Congress from appeal ing befoi e that ,though a civil
tubunal. Tlx1 consequences are quite too appa-
' rent, quite too full of evil, to permit such a course
> as that to be followed safely for a single day.
i Judges should be independent. 1 trust that this
amendment will be adopted, and that members
of Congi ess—at least members of this body, and
I would notdiscinnmate between thetwo Houses
in that respect—will not be allowed to practice
as counsel for pay before courts-mai tial.
Mr. KESSENDEN. I did not know when I
was up befoie to what uvocases the Senator from
Maryland alluded, and therefore 1 made no com-
ment about them. 1 have since been informed^
u hat they were, and I find that they are cases of
which I had heard before. One is the case of a
man m Pennsylvania or Maryland who gave to
the enemy when they were there information of
where a largo number of cattle belonging to the
Government could be found, the result of which
was that the enemy $ot possession of them. The
couit fount! him guilty, found tluU he had done
the thing, and sentenced him I believe to be rep-
rimanded; told him he must not do it again. Mr.
Stanton, the Secretary of War, I understand, did
dismiss the court with a great deal of contempt,
and gave expression to it openly; and I think that
feelingofcontempt wasshared by the whole coun-
try who knew the facts and saw the sentence.
The case was a very gross one, and no one could
throw the slightest imputation upon any officer
of the Government, having the authui ity, for rep-
rimanding the couit in such a case for not having
done its duty.
The other was the case of Major Belger. In
that case th" record, as J have been informed, was
such as satisfied the Gov eminent at once, on its
face, of the guilt of the officer. The very facts
rcpoited showed him to be guilty. It is well
known that there is a sort of fellow feeling or
something of the kind that very often operation
courts-martial, not constituted as civil courts are,
that unquestionably needs correction; and I do
not think the slightest reproach should be thrown
upon the Executive in such cases for trying to
make these courts, which after all are mere mili-
tary tribunals, do their duty; and I presume the
honorable Senator from Maryland did not mean
to insinuate thatanything had been done in those
cases without very good and sufficient causc. I
have stated the cases in order that they may go
into the same recoid with the remarks he has
made, so that the country may understand what
they were. I remember that at the time of their
occurrence I was informed of them, and for'rny-
self I fully justified the whole action of the Gov-
ernment in relation to those two cases, and I am
satisfied that if they had carried it further and
taken the same course in regard to some other
cases they would have benefited the country.
Mr. JOHNSON. Both the Senators who have
spoken in support of this amendment and the
chaiiman of the committee seem to suppose that
this bill prohibits members of Congress from try-
ing causes before courts-martial. It does no such
thing. That is not the amendment which 1 un-
derstand has been suggested by the Senator from
Connecticut. It only says that no member of
Congress shall try a case before a court-martial
for a fee agreed upon in advance, or paid in ad-
vance, or to be paid in the future. He is per-
fectly at liberty to go before a court-martial and
try a causc without a fee; and I said, therefore,
that so far as 1 was concerned it would create no
impediment in the way of any such duty as that
should I be called upon to perform it.
Now, a word in answer to the Senator from
Maine. He has said—perhaps he misunderstood
me or he would not have said it—that all our time
is due to the public. He does not mean to say
that every day of the year is due to the public. I
suppose he means to say that all our time while
we are here, which is necessary for the public
service, the public have a right to demand,.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator misunder-
stood me. I said that all our time that was
necessary for the public service, that the public
needed, was due to the public; I went no further
than that; butl expressly stated that we had much
time, perhaps in the recess, when we could attend
to professional duties. I placed my objection to
members taking this particular class of'duties on
them upon another ground.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 understood that,,and was
going to state it. The Senator placed it on a
double ground. Now, Mr. President, I am to be
informed for the first time—and I am now being
instructed by Senators—that there is anything
improper, looking to the full duty which a Senator
owes to the country, of his becoming counscl in
any case before any court, as an abstract propo-
sition. 1 concede with the Senator fiom Maine
that nothing is more plainly theduty of a member
of Congress than to give his entire time to the ser-
vice of the country in that relation, as far as his
time is necessary for that purpose. But as the
Senator says, and no doubt'he illustrates it by his
own example, theie is time not due to the public.
While he is away from here he tries causes in the
State of Maine. He has done it; he has not grown
too old to do it yet; and he is certainly not less
able to do it now than he ever was, but a great
deal more able if there can be said to be anything
more able in reference to such a counscl, and he
gives his time, when he goes home, to the prose-
cution of his profession. Do the public suffer by
that? Some erinc who might be astute to find out
that the honorable Senator from Maine was not
discharging the full measure of his public duty
might say that he ought to be studying political
economy, mastering all questions connected with
finance, studying the slave question, and study-
ing anything and everything which might at any
time become a public measure before Congress.
I do not wish, therefore, to be understood that
I would or that any member of Congress should
in my opinion undertake to defend a case before a
eomt-martial while Congress ism session. I had
no such idea. What I mean to say is this, not as a
right due to the member of Congress, but as a
right due to the citizen, he should have the privi-
lege of selecting his own counsel. If I supposed
that in the exeicise of that light his selection of a
member of Congress would operate to the preju-
