1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1603
winch seems to be attributed to it, the country
Will he indebted for the injury far more to the
Speaker than to the gentleman from Ohio.
But, sir, I do not apprehend any serious injury
from thatspeech. If the cause of the Union and
the cause of the country is to be shaken by such a
speech as that, it ought to perish; and if one hun-
dred and eighty-tluee membe'rs of the House are
not competent, morally and intellectually, to meet
the honorable gentleman fiom Ohio, in his argu-
ment, and show that he is wrong; if they can-
not furnish the antidote for the poison, then I say
we are unworthy to represent a free people m a
grcaterisis like this. We aredotng but poor jus-
tice to (he intelligence and patriotism of the peo-
pleof this country if we suppose for a moment
that a speech like that could shake their confidence
in the stability of theGovernment and m the per-
manency of our free institutions.
For myself, sii, I have no fears of the effect of
that speech. 1 r .ly upon the discriminating in-
telligence of the great masses of tiie American
people to correct m their own minds ihe gioss
errors with which it abounds; and for tin* utter-
ances ef that speech 1 would not expel or even
censure the gentleman. I would not do it because
I am in favor of the largest liberty of debate, es-
pecially in times like these. In my judgment the
wisdom of our ancestors has been no bettei illus-
trated than in that piovision of the Constitution
which says that no member shall be expelled ex-
cept upon the vote of two thirds of the members
of this body. We sec (he itn portanco of the rule
on this occasion. We see the lengths to which
paity spiiit would run. We see daily in the busi-
ness thatoccuis upon the floor of this House that
questions of the utmost importance are not de-
cided upon their merits, hut are dot ided inumably
according to the stieng'.h of the party on this side
or that side of the House. And while i do not
mean to throw a slur upon any member heie
in connection with this question, yet in conse-
quence "of the hold which party has taken upon
the minds of members here, it would be just as
easy to expel a man upon any question that might
be presented. It is a question of party, and 1 do
not pretend to say that under like circumstances
the same thing would not be attempted for party
purposes by this side of the House. It is one of
the evils of party spirit under a Government like
this. It is one of those baneful, poisonous influ-
ences which we ought to resist, especially when,
as in the present time, the country is struggling
for existence.
JNrow, Mr. Speaker, I go for the largest latitude
of discussion upon all questions, and while 1 dis-
avow the sentiments uttered by the gentleman
from Ohio in the speech m question, while I say
to him and to the House that I think it wasamost
lll-urned, injudicious, and,l mightadd, consider-
ing the cncumstances in which it was delivered,
unpatriotic speech—while I say all this, yet, tol-
eiating as i do the largest liberty of debate, the
utmost fieedom of discussion, I would not cen-
sure him for it. I do not believe that thatspeech
will be as productive of as much harm as many
gentlemen suppose. It merely expresses the opin-
ion the gentleman entertained, from his view of
the circumstances which now surround us, and
much as I condemn the sentiments, and him for
speaking them, I would not expel or censure him
for his great indiscretion. Sir, if every member
who makes indiscreet, unwise,and, J might add,
foolish speeches on this floor, was expelled or
censured, how long would there be left a quorum,
and how little of legislation would command our
attention here, exceptin discussing resolutions of
censure? He has merely followed the opinion
and example of his great leader, Vallandigham,
who delivered substantially the same speech in
the last Congress, which membeis around me
heard, and yet no movement was made to expel
him for much strongei language than that used on ;
Fiiday last by the gentleman from Ohio. It was :
a remark of Thomas Jefferson, that great apostle
of American liberty, u that error ceases to be dan- ,
gerous so long as reason is left free to combat it.5' !
And the first amendment made to the Federal Con- j
stitution after its adoption is as follows: :
<v (Jongre.-ss >lmi! make no taw t expecting an e-tihlishment ,
ofivJi^ion, oi piohibitmg tile fi t e e\eu ite lli< r< oi, Oi <r!n idg~ i
iu« I he tjfcJom of \pe<'--h w or (he }>i ess; oi o! tin* right ot
Ihep-ople peaceably to. i-t-eu i !>le ami to p. unm tneOovi in- j
inem foi a n-di'e^s o, ^io'v.uico.'' ;
If, sir, we cannot pass a law without violating
the Constitution, in -abiidging the freedom of the
press orof speech, how cautious should we be in
adopting another mode of punishment unknown to
the Constitution and utterly violative of its true
spirit! In despotic Governments the first blow
always struck at the liberty of the citizen is in
muzzling the press and abridging the sacred right
of free discussion—a right inestimable to freemen
and formidable to tyrants only. Sir, it is of the
very essence of liberty, to foim our opinion's and
to express them according to the dictates of our
own consciences. And to this sacred privilege,
gradually left unrestrained, as the world emerged
fiom the dark period of the middle ages, to the
dawn of light of the last few centuries, we are
indebted for the wonderful advancement which
we nowb'-hold in religion, in science, in govern-
ment, and in civilization. Talk ys you may,sir,
but a despotic Government would nowhere be
found on the face of the earth, amidst a virtuous,
enlightened, and educated people, with a free
press and free speech ! And a great and free peo-
ple will not be in danger of losing their liberties
so long as these sacred rights are properly guarded
and vindicated.
For many years past it is well known, that one
great complaint of the northern people has been
that they were not allowed without violence to
piiwtand to speak their sentiments with freedom
south of a certain line, and on a particular subject.
And shall we now, sir, aftel all that has been said
on this uibjcct, make a 1 et rograde movement, and
here in the very Hall of our national Legislature
strike down the light of fiee discussion by ex-
pelling a member fiom his seat for words spoken
m debate? Sir, for one I am piepared for no
such work as this. Let us answer and expose
the pernicious views of the honorable member, as
I take it we arc fully competent to do, and
let us turn him over to the tender mercies of his
outraged and patiioticconstituency, to dispose of
his case as to them may seem most proper and
right. But let us not desecrate this temple dedi-
cated to the cause of liberty and free discussion
by assailing one of its chief bulwarks in striking
down the right of free speech. It may be that'
erroneous and dangerous doctunes may be taught
here, and 1 can well suppose a case where the
cause of the Government might be temporarily
damaged, but this would be of shott duration
under the seaichmg opeiation of fiee discussion
in tins representative Chamber.
"Truth ciushodto caith will rise ngain;
The eternal \ca ^ ot God are inrs ;
Tut crior, wounded, writhes ni pain,
And dies iumd-t Its worshipers*. 3
And, sir, in my view, the cause of this Gov-
ernment and of the American Union is the cause
of truth, and however much it may be assailed
by the puny and traitorous aims of those who
would tear H down, or by the still weaker words
of those men of faint hearts and vacillating hopes
who in the midst of this nughtyand unparalleled
struggle for national existence would give up all
as lost; while I am neither a prophet nor the son
ot'a piophct, I but speak my own earnest faith,
that sooner or jalei the national authoi ity will be
vindicated, the enemies of the Government will
be dnvon back in shame and dn-irraco, those who
have spoken or dreamed of lecogmtion will take
back their injudicious words, and will be made
happy in once more kneeling with all the children
of the Republic around the altar of a still un-
broken and blessed Union!
1 wish 1 had time on this occasion to go into a his-
tory of the discussion of public questions not only
here but m the British Parliament, where the ut-
most freedom of discussion has been allowed, tol-
erated, and encouraged. During the war of the
Revolution, when the infant colonies of this
counti y wei e struggling for existence, every mem-
ber upon fhr?floor knows what terrible anathemas
weie hurled against the British Government by
Burke, Fox, Chatham, and other distinguished
orators in the British Parliament. The language
used by them in its severity has nothing to equal
it in anything that has evei been said by any mem-
ber on this floor, and ypt who ever heard of a res-
olution introduced for thur expulsion?
To show how far these men went 1 will quote
one or two short extracts:
"The gentleman teih us America is obstinate, America
K almost m open lebelhon. I rejoice that Ameuea has re-
sisted. Three million people so dead to nil the feelings of
liberty as voluntaiily to Mibmit to be slaves would have
been fit ins-trumcnts to make slaves of the rest.55—Lord
Chatham> in 177G.
Iri November, 1777, eighteen months after the
Declaration of Independence, after two years of
war, he said:
"As to conquest, my lords, I repeat, it is impossible.
You may twell every expense aud weiy effort stili more
extiavaguntlj —pile and accumulate every a.-siatanee which
you can beg or borrow, traffic and baiter with every little
pitiful German punce that sells and sends Ins subjects to
the shamble?, of a foictjm punce—jour efforts are forever
vain and impotent, if I wete an American as I am an
Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed hi my coun-
try! would never lay down my arms ; novel, never, never.
"But in such a war as tin*, unjust m its principle, im-
practicable in its means, and urinous in its consequences,
I would not eontiibu te u single effort nor a single shilling."
"The noble lord said the war w:t« not disgraceful; it
was only unfortunate. For my part I must continue to
call it disgraceful, not unfortunate. I consider them nil
alike,ketones and defeats; towns taken and towns evac-
uated ; new general-* appointed and old geneials recalled;
they are ail alike calamities; they ah spur us on to this
latal business. Victories give us hopes; defeats make us
desperate ; and both instigate us? to go on  *■ **
u Give ns back our toice, nor protraettlm burdensome,dis-
giaceiul, for it is not an unfortunate war."—Edmund Burke,
in 1781.
Said Fox:
"There i> not an American but must reject and resist the
principle and Hie light "
f quote, fiom Mahon }s History of England, vol-
ume seven, page 135, the language of the younger
Pitt in favor of Fox's motion for a committee oil
the American war in the year 1781. I now read
what he said:
" For my part, I am persuaded and will affhm, that it is
a most accused, wicked, baibmous, ciuel, unnatural, un-
just, and diabolical war. It ua-j conceived in injustice;
it wa>s matured and brought fotth in folly; Us footsteps
were niaiked with blood, slaughter, persecution, devasta-
tion."
Again, sir, no member here can have forgotten
the memorable language of Mr. Corwin, of Ohio 
in the Senate of the (Jiuted States, during the
Mexican war. He said:
"Weie I a Mexican as 1 am an American I would wel-
come the-je invaders with bloody hand* to hospitable
gi aves. J'
Yttt no one ever dreamed of either expelling or
censuring Mr. Corwin for this remarkable utter-
ance, and based upon sentiments hostde to the
war then being waged on the part of our country
against Mexico.
And yet, sir, in a free country like ours is not
a latitude of debate to be allowed ? Is not discus-
sion to be as broad as it is under a monarchical
Government in the Parliament of Great Britain?
Sir, there is no subject on which a free people are
more sensitive than that of fiee speech. It is re-
garded, and justly so, as one of the bulwarks of
freedom, and any attempt to abridge it, and es-
pecially in these Halls, must, as it ought to, be
condemned by the Ameucan people. And to-day,
sir, if this House commits the great blunder of
expelling the member fiom Ohio by the passage
of this resolution, mark my prediction, he will
rally around him a fnrniidcibie party, not that the
people indorse or sympathize with hint in the sen-
timents contained in his speech, but m vindica-
tion of the sacred right of hee speech m the Rep-
resentative Hall of the national Legislature.
But, i\Ir. Speaker, I only rose for the purpose
of saying to the House that I, for one, could not
and would not vote for the resolution of expul-
sion which has been offered here by the honora-
ble Speaker of the House of Representatives; and
to add, that I think he has done the very worst
day's work he could possibly have done by in-
troducing a lesolution expelling the gentleman
j from Ohio, [Mr. Loxg.] 1 ro&e also foi another
j purpose; aud that is to express my dissent from
j every position taken by the gentleman from Ohio
; in that speech. 1 differ with him " toto cceh." '
\ He is for giving up the struggle. He is for dis-
, union. He is for the recognition of the southern
| confederacy, now,at once. It occurs to me if the
view of the gentleman from Ohio was carried ou8
it would be the saddest day ever the American
people would be called upon to witness. Who
that has an American heart in his bosom can tol-
erate the idea for a moment that this great strug-
| gle is to be abandoned in ignominy and m dis-
j grace to the cause of liberty throughout the world?
i i do not believe for one this Government is likely
I to fail in this struggle. I do not believe but that
! the people of the loyal States have every assur®
