1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to commit rage, violations of the laws and cus-
toms of war, &e. The second section enacts
that every officer authorized to order a general
court-martial shall have power to pardon or mit-
igate any punishment ordered by such court,
including that of confinement m the penitentiary,
except the sentence of death, or of cashiering1 or
dismissing an officer* which sentences it shall be
competent, during the continuance of the present
rebellion, for the general commanding the army
in the field, or the department commander, as the
case may be, to remit or mitigate; and it repeals
the fifth section of the actapproved July 17,1862,
chapter two hundred and one, so far as it relates
to sentences of imprisonment in the penitentiary.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative; yeas 79, nays 42; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Anipld,
Daily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, tfeaman, Blaine, Jacob 13.
JBlair, Boyd, Biandegee, Ambrose W. Clatk, Cobb, Cole,
CreMvell, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Deinmg, Douneiiv,
DriggSjEckley, Eliot, Famswoitli,Fenton, Frank, Garfield,
Grinnel!,Griiswold, Higby, Ootchkiss, Asaliel YV. Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingorsoll, Jenckcs, Kat soi>,
Francis W. Kellogg, Oiiando Kellogg, Loan, Lonjiyear,
Marvin,McClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Daniel Morris, James
R. Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Charles O'Neill,
Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pqineroy, Priee, William H. Ran-
dall, Alexander H. Itice, JoluiII. Rice, Edward II.Rollins,
Scbenck, Scofield, Shannon, Smith, Simtheis, Spalding,
Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkonburgii, Ehhu
B. VVashburne, William B. Washburn, Webster, Whales',
Wilhams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbiidge
—79.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Aneona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Brooks, J.unes S. Brown, Clmnler, Cox, Cra-
vens, Dawson, Denison, fklen, Edgerton, Eldrulge, l-'inck,
Ganson, Harding, Harrington, Ilerrick, Philip Johnson,
William Johnson, Kernan, Knapp, Le Blond, Long, Mal-
lory, Marcy, Noble, Odell, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, James S. ltollins, Ross, Scott, John B. Steele, Stiles,
Sweat, Wadsworth, Chilton A. White, and Fernando
Wood—42.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
'having voted therefor.
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, there is a joint
resolution on the Speaker's table which provides
for registering the names of voters in this District
which have been omitted. It does not alter the
qualifications of voters atall, and I ask that it may
be taken up and passed, as the charter election
takes place next Monday. It only authorizes the
registering of the names of voters which have
been omitted. It is Senate joint resolution Wo.
57, to amend the charter of the city of Washing-
ton.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. 1 object, unless
it is referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. DAWES. Before moving to suspend the
rules I ask the gentleman whether he desires to
amend the resolution.
Mr. STEELS, of New York. I ask that it be
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia for action. It properly belongs to that
committee.
Mr. DAWES. Let it come before the House,
and then the gentleman can make the motion to
refer.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. What is the
object of that?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let us go
to the Speaker's table, and pass the joint resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It is the last one upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. DAWES. Let it come before the House,
and then the gentleman can make the motion to
refer it.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Why cannot I
make that motion now?
Mr. DAWES. Because it is not before the
House. I do not object to the gentleman's mo-
tion.
Mr. YEAMAN. Is it competent for me to in-
sist on the regular order of business?
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to suspend the rules.
Mi. COX. Does the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts want the resolution referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia?
Mr. DAW ES. 1 prefer to have it passed now.
The gentleman from New York can make his
motion to refer it. If the House shall think it
proper to refer the resolution to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, I will not object.
Mr. COX. There may be objection on that
side of the House.
Mr. DAWES. It will be within the control of
the House.
Mr. COX. Why take this resolution out of
the ordinary course?
Mr. DAWES. The charter election occurs
next Monday, and the only purpose is, not to al-
ter the qualification of a single voter, but to per-
mit the voter whose name has been*omitted by
mistake or otherwise, to be registered. That is
all I desire to do. ft ought to be done before the
charter election. I do not see why there should
be objection to it.
Mr. COX. The Committee for the District of
Columbia have a special day assigned to them,
next Friday, when they can report this resolution
back. I hope the gentleman will consent to that
arrangement.
Mr. DAWES. I do notsee why there should
be objection to registering the names of qualified
voters.
Mr. MALLORY. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House proceed
to the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. YEAMAN. I insist on the regular order
of business.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to give way
for a moment.
The SPEAKER. By going to the Speaker's
table it will be a long while before the resolution
is reached.
Mr. DAWES. In order to expedite business,
I will agiee to let the resolution be referred.
The joint resolution was taken up, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. Is there authority to report
at any time ?
Mr. ANCONA. I object to that.
MARQUETTE AND ONTONAGON RAILROAD.
•
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask unanimous consent to
make a report from the Committee on Public
Lauds.
Mr. SMITHERS. I will not object if it does
not take long.
Mr. ENGLISH. The Committee on Public
Lands have had but little time to make reports.
1 .desired to submit one, but was prevented from
doing so. I ask unanimous consent to reportback
from that committee House bill No. 469, extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Marquette
and Ontonagon railroad, in the State of Michigan.
Mr. SLOAN. I object.
Mr. ENGLISH moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 70;
noes 25.
So the rules were suspended, two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. ENGLISH demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers on ordering the
main question, and appointed Messrs. English
and Sloan.
The main question was ordered, the tellers
having reported—-ayes 78, noes 22.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask whether
anything has been done toward tile completion
of this railroad, and if so, how much has been
built; and I would also like to inquire how large
a grant of land this is, and whether it is in the
hands of the State of Micliigarfor in the hands
of speculators?
Mr. FENTON. I object to debate, as the main
question lias been ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am surprised at the
attempt to put through a bill ot' this kind.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SLOAN. I move that the bill'be laid on
the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. ENGLISH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved;
to lay the motion to reconsider on' the "table. "
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same, hamely:
An act (S. No. 248) in relation to franked
matter; and
An act (S. No. 65) to provide for the payment
of the claims of Peruvian citizens under the con-
vention between the United States and Pern of
the 12th of January, X8G4.
KENTUCKY CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House proceeded, as the regular order of
business, to the consideration of the report of the
Committee of Elections in the contested-election
case of McHenry vs. Yeaman, of Kentucky;
upon which the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr.
Yeaman) was entitled to the floor.
Mr. YEAMAN took the floor.
Mr. HARDING. Will my colleague yield
to me?
Mr. YEAMAN. For a few moments, if it
does not come out of my time.
The SPEAKER. Itwillcomeoutof the gen-
tleman's time except by unanimous consent.
Mr. PRICE. I object, unless it is taken out
of the time of the gentleman from Kentucky:
Mr. HARDING. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection,as this is a case from my
own State.
Mr. PRICE. I cannot do it.
Mr. YEAMAN. I wilt yield the gentleman
five minutes of my time.
Mr. HARDING. Itisnotmy desire to make
any extended remarks, yet 1 am notentirely sat-
isfied to give a silent vote upon a case peculiarly
situated as this is, coming from my own State.
I contend, in the first place, that there was no
necessity for any military interference whatever,
because under the statute of Kentucky every man
who had aided in the rebellion was disfranchised.
He had no rights, and was expatriated. That
statute hod been pressed upon the judges of ele«-
tions by the proclamation of the Governor, and
there was therefore no possible danger of any
interference upon their part. A few of those, rebel
citizens were scattered about, but not in sufficient
numbers to congregate and make any difficulty
at the polls. However, an order of General
Burn side was issued, the most objectionable feat-
ure of which was the proclamation of martial law
on the day of an election, it was unnecessary.
But the orders of Shackleford and Poster, which
followed, were outrages upon all principles of
law and Constitution.
The issue between most of the candidates of
that election was a vigorous prosecution of the
war or not, and consequently those who' were in
favor of a vigorous prosecution of the war were
in favor of voting men and money. Those up-
start military despots undertook to decide the
question in advance by declaring that whoever
was in favor of a vigorous prosecution of the war,
and of course in favor of voting men and money,
might vote, but that whoever was not in favor of
a vigorous prosecution of the war for the sup-
pression of .the rebellion should not vote, nor
should he run as a candidate. While I was in
favor of furnishing men and money, and of a
vigorous prosecution of the war, yet 1 would look
with indignation and scorn upon any attempt
upon the part of any officers to crush out those
opposed to mo or to that sentiment.
. 1 protest, therefore, against all military inter-
ference in the State of Kentucky. It was unne-
cessary and uncalled for; and,moreover,it never
can take place to any extent without a violation
of the Constitution and law, and is wholly unjust-
ifiable. The right of free and untrammeled vot-
ing is thegreatfoundation rightof all other rights,
and the people ought to struggle to the very last
to maintain it. They ought to struggle at the ex-
penseevenof their blood to maintain this the most
precious of their constitutional rights. While I
take this view of the ease, I condemn in the strong-
est terms imaginable all interference in the State
of Kentucky or elsewhere with the freedom of
election. The right is one that should never be
