1604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April V£,
anee and confidence that it will result in oursuc-
pc8s, and that we will recover authority over
every inch of territory belonging to the United
States. In opinion 1 dissent wholly and entirely
from thegentleman from Ohio justas well as from
the gentleman from Maryland.
i believe, sir, that this rebellion will be over-
come; not that the southern people will be ex-
terminated or subjugated, but I believe their mil-
itary power will be broken; and when it is broken
1 have confidence in their good sense that they
will return to their allegiance and submit to such
liberal terms as I doubt not will be proposed. It
has often been reiterated that this rebellion is
wholly without excuse or justification. This is
true to the letter. No people on earth, prior to
this civil war, ever enjoyed a higher degree of lib-
erty 6r a larger amount of happiness than the peo-
ple of tiro* southern States. And it is right that
they should be continually reminded'that tHis re-
bellion is the offspi ing of the violent and ungov-
ernable passions of their leading men. In proof
of this I desire to quote two extracts from speeches
made by Mr. A. H. Stephens, of Georgia, the vice
president of the confederate States. In a speech
delivered before the Legislature of Georgia on the
14th day of November, I860, after the election of
Mr. Lincoln, he used the following language:
"The fir&t question thatpiesents itself is, shall the peo-
ple of the South accede fioin the Union iu consequence of
the election ot Mr. Lincoln to the Presidency of the Uni-
ted States? My countrymen, f tell you fiaukly, candidly,
and earnestly, that I do not tlnnk that they ought, in my
judgment, the election of no man constitutionally chosen
to that high office is sufficient cause for any State to sop
arate fiom the Union. It ought to stand hy and aid still
In mulutnining the Constitution of the country. To make
a point of resistance to the Government, to withdraw from
it because a man ha< been constitutionally elected, puts
ifr m the wrong. We are pledged to maintain the Consti-
tution Many of u-have mvuih to suppoit it. (Jan we,
lheicfore,for the meie election ot amauto the Presidency,
and tiiat, too, in accordance with the prescribed louns of
the Constitution, make a point of icsifttauee to the Gov-
ernment without becoming the hieaker< of that «acied in-
strument ouiselves, withdtaw ouiM'lveo fiom it? Would
we not be iu the wiong? Whatever late is to befall tin-
country, let it never bo hud to the charge of the people of
the jMUitb, and especially to the people of Georgia, that wo
were untiue to our national engagements!. Let the tauli
and the wiongr lest upon other-. Jf all our hopes are robe
blasted, if the Republic is to go down, let ua be tound to
the last moment standing on lite deck, with the Constitu-
tion of the United States waving over out heads. Letthe
fanatics of the North bi«>ak the Constitution if such is then
fell pin pose. Let the responsibility be upon them, f shall
speak presently moie of their acts; but let not the South,
let us not be the ones to comum the uggiesMon. We went
into the election with this people. The leMilt was differ-
ent from what we waited; but the election has been eon-
Hltutionally held. Were we to make a point of re-i<tanee
to the Government and go out of the Union on thut ac-
count, the jpcoiri would be made up hereatter against u*."
■—Speech oj Alexander H. Stephen s- he fore the Legislature
o/ Gcoigia. delivered November 14, JS60.
Ami subsequently, in the secession convention
ofGcorgm, ill January, 18G1, he spolceas follows:
" Tlua-Uf'p [uf seeur^iuiij once uken can never In: re-
cnlled ; and all the baleful and witheiing consequence*
that nm«r fellow will rest on the convention foi all coming
time. When we ami our posteuty shall see our lovely
South desolated by the demon of war, which thi> act of
you is will inevitably invite and call foith, when oui gieen
fields of wavingharvests be trodden down by the mur-
derous sohliety and n.-jy car of war sweeping over out
land, our temples of justice laid in allies, all the hoiror-.
and deflations of w.u upon us, who but this convention
vv til be held ie>ponsible tor it; and who but hi in u ho shall
have given hN vote for thus nnwwi ami ill-timed mea^uie,
us j honevUy think and believe, shall be held to strict ac-
count lor this suicidal act by the present geneiation, and
piobaijiy cui.<ed and execrated by po-fenty ioi ail eomni"
t.tme, I or the wide and desolating rum that will inevitably
follow tins act you now piopuse to perpetrate? Pause, 'l
entreat you." * * * k * * * 5
'• VVIiiU! iiilit haw the North .is~:ulcd : Wlmt interi'bt of tin:
houth Ik.3 been invaded ? Wimt ju-tr<-<- ha, h-en di'n.ed,
and vv bat chum founded injustice and right has been with-
held . Can either of youto day name one governmental
net of wronsr, deliberately and purposely done bv the Gov-
ernment at Washington, of which the SouJh has a rnduto
couipi.un? I challenge the answer.'1 * *
'• We have always had the control of the General Gov-
ernment, and can yet if we remain in it and aiea^ united
as we have been. We have had a majority of the Piesi
dents chorus from the South, as well as the control and
managemuit of must offline chosen fiom the North, We
have had sixty ye air, of souihei n l?i cedents to then twenty-
torn. thus controlling the executive department. So of
the judges of the dupie-iift Court, we haye had eighteen
Irom the Somii, and but eleven from the Noith*; although
neatly (but flitus of the judicial business has arisen in the
free States, iri.gorny of the couit has always been
from the South. This we have loquned, «o ab to guard
against any interpolation of the Constitution unfavorable
to us. Iu like maimei we have been equally watchful to
gunid our mtere-ts in the legislative branch of Govern-
ment. Jn eJjoo-niff the preMdmg President- (pio lemyorA
<if the Senate, tie have had twenty-four to then eleven.
Speakers of the ii ow;, we have Inul twenty-thiec and tney
twelve. While the majority of the Representatives, from
their greater population, have always been from the North-
yet we liave feo generally secured tiie Speaker, because he,
to a greater extent, shapes and controls the legislation of
the country." * * * * "Attorney generals
we have had fourteen, while the North have had but five.
Foreign ministers we iiave had eighty-six, and they but
fifty-four." * * * "We have had the prin-
cipal embassies, so as to secure the world maikets for our
cotton, tobacco, and sugar, on the best possible terms. We
have had a vast majority of the higher offices of both Army
and Navy, while a large pioportion of the soldiets and sailors
were drawn fiom the North. Equally so of clerks, audit-
ors, and comptrollers, filling the Executive Departments.
The records show for the last fifty ycaisthat of thiee thou-
sand thus employed we have had more than two thirds of
the same, while we have but one third of the white popu-
lation of the Republic." * * * * * A fraction
over three fouiths of the revenue collected for the support
of the Government has uniformly been raised fiom the
Noith, Pause now white you can. gentlemen, and con-
template caiefully and candidly these important items,"
* * * * ***** *
" For you to attempt to overtln ow such a Government as
this, under which we have lived for more than three quar-
tets of a eentuiy,m which wo have gained oui wealth, our
standing as a nation, our domestic safety while the elements
of peiil arc around us, with peace and tranquillity accom-
panied with unbounded prosperity,ami rights unas^ailed,
is the height of madness, lolly, and wickedness, to which
J can neither lend my sanction nor my vote."
Now, sir, if the question were put to me when
I would abandon this struggle, at what particular
time, I would answer, in the language of the great
Kentucky orator, "Never, never, never!" If
asked again, "Shall we abandon the struggle?"
I would answer, When the last dollar is expended,
arid the last man raised for the prosecution of
the war for putting down this causeless, this in-
famous, and this unjustifiable rebellion. Not
until the credit of the Union is lost and in ii re-
trievable rum would I give up the struggle to
maintain the supremacy of the law and the au-
thority of the Constitution over our entire soil.
Not until the germ of patriotism has withered and
<{^6©ttcd in the national heart would I yield up the
struggle. Not until the last vestige of respect
was lost for that proud and beautiful banner, the
emblem of liberty arid of law, winch decoiates
your chair. Not, sir, until the thrilling inemo-
i ies which cluster around the actions of those im-
mortal men, Washington and La Fayette, whose
images adorn these walls shall have entirely died
away in our hearts. Not until the lastpulsauon of
patriotism shall have ceased to beat m the Amer-
ican heart would 1 yield the struggle in which our
people are at present engaged for the national ex-
istence and of ftee institutions. I am for the Union
first, last, and all the time. Whatever stands in
the way of the Union 1 say let it peiish.
My friend fiom Ohio, if he will allow me to
designate him as such, seems to me when he will
get out of the war by recognizing the southern
confederacy to be only plunging the country into a
war that will continue so long as the endless ages
of time shall run their ceaseless course. For the
sake oi'peace the gentleman from Ohio would dis-
solve the Union and stop the war ! Sir, 1 answer
him that for the sake of peace, permanent peace
on this comment, I would preserve the Union,
and in order to preserve it 1 would continue the
war. Whatever might have been accomplished
before the war, it seems to me, sir, now, that
there is but one way to terminate the struggle
consistent with the idea of national unify, and
that is by effectually overcoming and putting
down all who stand opposed to the maintenance
of the authority of the Government of the United :
States, It is idle to talk about the Government
having no constitutional power to coerce sov-
eieign and independent States. The Constitution
provides that the President shall see that " the
laws are faithfully executed;" and how can these
laws be executed when either people or States
stand in the way of their execution, without ap-
plying the necessary force in putting and keeping
them in operation?
Talk about coercing States! Sir, what would
a Government be worth which had not the au-
thority and energy to preserve Us own existence?
Suppose the Union was dissolved to-morrow,
and the State of Ohio detei mined to secede from
the northern Government, what would the gen-
tleman say? Would he say let her go in pcace,
and upon the ground that her people were not
bound under the Constitution to submit to the
national authority? Sir, where would this doc-
tune terminate.1' Suppose, sir, every other State
detei mined to secede, and set up an independent
government tor itself? If the rule is to be toler-
ated in one case it must govern in all. Why
not? And is the gentleman from Ohio piepared
to see as many different and independent govern-
ments set up on this continent as there are now
or may hereafter be Slates in the Union? Under
the prevalence of such a doctrine I would ask
him what'is to become of the national debt? "Who
is to pay it? Wha't is to become of the Army
and of the Navy? Who is to defend the sea-
board? Who is to protect our commerce upon
the seas? Who is to own the Territories? Who
is to represent the American name abroad?
Who is to defend us against foreign aggression ?
The very suggestion of these questions shows
the absurdity of the position assumed by tho
gentleman from Ohio in his speech, and a hun-
dred other questions of a similar character would
overwhelm and confound him and all otheis who
think like him. No, sir, there can be no two
separate Governments on this continent. We
are bound to live under the same Constitution;
this is our only safety, and those people who
will not do so peaceably must be made to do so
forcibly.
In regard to coercion I might add that all Gov-
ernments, whether democratic or monarchical, are
but different systems of coercion. No Govern-
ment could stand a day without the principle
of coercion. Without it, not only Governments
would be broken up, but society itself would be
dissolved. In one of his great speeches in the
Senate of the United States, Henry Clay used the
following language:
" Ifany one State, or any one portion of the people of
any State, choose to place them^leves in array a^tunst the
Government of the Union, I am for trying the strength of
thti Government. I am for ascertaining whether we have
«t Government or not, piacticahlc, efficient, capable of
maintaining its authority, and upholding the powers and
inteiests which belong to a Government. Nor, sir, am X
to be alarmed oi dissuaded fiom any such cour-e by inti-
mation-. of the t-piliing of blood, If blood is to he spilt, by
who.-e fault is it to be spiitr Upon the supposition 1 main-
tained, it will be the fault of those who choose to iai>e the
standaid ot disunion, ami endeavor to pio^tiate' the Gov-
ernment. And, sir, when that i^. done, s,o longa.s it ploa-es
God to «ive me a voice to e.\pre-s my sentiments, or an
aim, weakand enfeebled as it may be by age, that voice
and that aim will be on the side ot my conntiy, toi the
support of the geneial autlmmy, and foi the mamienanee
of the poweis of the Union." * * * * v
" If Kentucky to-mouow unfurls the banner of resist-
ance, I nevet will fight under that banner; Iowoapaia-
mount allegiance to the whole Union—a subordinate one
to my own State."—Hemy Clay, in the Senute, 1850.
But, sir, admitting for the sake of the argument
that there could be two independent Governments
established here, each composed of different
States, and based upon the right of secession, I
might well ask the gentleman from Ohiof how
long would they last? And to-day, sir, he lalks
seiiously about a dissolution of the American
Union! If the thing were possible, how would
he go about it? What would be the first step?
Would he withdraw the splendid Army under the
command of the brave and invincible Grant to
the north side of the Potomac ? And what a spec-
tacle would this be for the American people to
look upon at this stage of this momentous strug-
gle! What next? A hue of separation is to be
established. Where? Where is this boundtuy
to run if we recognize the southern confederacy?
Can the gentleman from Ohio answer the ques-
tion? Let U be remembered that these msuig<jnfs
claim all the southern States. Let it not be for-
gotten that all the southern States, with the ex-
ception i believe of Maryland and Delaware, aie
represented in the Richmond congress. Who is
to take Washington city ? is yonder monument,
commemorative of the virtues and the great ac-
tions of him who wns "fiist m peace, fiist in
war, and fiist in the hearts of his fello w-citizenw,"
to stand upon the soil of a government estab-
lished upon the ruinsof the great Rt public? And
is that sacred spot, Mount Vernon, with all the
glorious associations that cluster around it, with
Us precious relics, with the sacred ashes that he
beneath its soil, with the old mansion, with its
beautiful walks, with its stately trees, with its
evergreens and its fragrant flowers, planted by
the hand of Washington, to belong to a hostile
people ? Is the home of the Father of his Coun-
tiy to be denationalized and American citizens be
no longer permitted to kneel at his torn b? God
forbid ! Who is to occupy fins sph ndtd and mag-
nificent Capitol ? Where is Missouri to
young and giant Commonwealth that 1 have the
honor in part to represent on this floor? What
