56Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10.
Mr. President, I shall be very loth, loth indeed,
if you pass this act, to subject myself to its cen-
sure, but there are some things that must bo pre-
served at all hazards, and among them are certain
individual inherent constitutional rights. Among
these rights are the right of a full, and free, and
fair trial. Let me ask if the Senate are blind or
deafto the teachings of history ? Where hasdan-
gercome from in times past? Where is this ne-
cessity of now submitting the Senate ajpthe feet
of the military power? Does the history of the
world teach you that civil liberty is in more dan-
ger from the arts and chicanery of lawyers than
it is from the encroachments and oppressions of
military despotism ? I would sustain the Presi-
dent, I would sustain the Secretary of War and
the Secretary of the Navy and any of the heads
of Departments, in the time of this great emer-
gency, in doing a great many things that I think
should not be tolerated in time of peace; but I
cannot be blind to the teachings of history, and
if history has a lesson to teach anybody, it is that
the danger to liberty is from the aggressions of
the military power rather than from anything else.
Let me refer again to the case to which I al-
luded before in Boston. Suppose that when Theo-
dore Parker was indicted by the grand jury of the
circuit court of the United States in Boston the
Administration at that time had seen fit to do
what has since been done, and had said that his
seditious words, which were subversive of the
Government and its authority, should instead of
being tried by the civil courts be tried by court-
martial? The military power is competent to that,
and it has done it. Then, sir, a defense against
the attempt to brand as a crime free speech in the
ancient cradle of American liberty, to volunteer
or to appear in such a defense as that, would have
been a crime.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to suggest
to my friend that both of the cases he has men-
tioned are not excluded by this bill. He may
practice in such cases as much as he chooses.
Mr. HALE. My friend is totally mistaken.
Let me read the bill as it is. The bill is not altered
at all by the amendments in the slightest degree.
I will read the bill. It does not allow a member
of Congress "to receive any compensation what-
soever, directly or indirectly, for any services ren-
dered, or to be rendered, to any person, either by
himself or another, in relation to any proceeding,
contract, claim, controversy, charge, accusation,
arrest, or other matter or thing in which the Uni-
ted States is a party, or directly or indirectly in-
terested "
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before what?
Mr. HALE. " Before any department," &c.
That is qualified by the sentence after " or," in
the twentieth line.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a part of the same
sentence.
Mr. HALE. Let the construction of that be as
it may, it is just exactly the same. I was putting
the case of the Government undertaking to try
by court-martial those whom they formerly tried
in the civil couits, and then there would be no
right of appearing, no right of defense 
pMr. FESSENDEN. The Senator in the be-
ginning gave us, with a great deal of eloquence,
the account of two eases in which he stood be-
tween oppression and the oppressed; and he said
that by the bill he would be precluded for the fu-
ture from appearing in similar cases. My answer
to that is that those were both cases in the civil
courts of the country, and there is nothing in this
bill which prevents the Senator, or any other Sen-
atoror Representative, from appearing in the civil
courts of the country.
Mr. HALE. I am a little surprised that a gen-
tleman ordinarily so accurate as the Senator is
should make that statement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will read
the bill he will find that I am right.
Mr. HALE. I will read to your heart's con-
tent. I said when I got up that I intended toad-
dress myself to the whole bill, and the whole
bill is:
"That no member of the Senate or of the House of Rep-
resentative's or the United States shall, during his contin-
uance m office, hereafter appear or act as counsel, sittor-
nev, or agent 111 any cause orpioceeduig, civil or ciinuuai,
in any couu" 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is all stricken out.
Mr. HALE. That part is not stricken out. It
has been recommended by the Committee of the
Whole to be stricken out, but it is in the bill be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate have voted
to strike it out.
Mr. HALE. The Senate have voted it when ?
In committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We all agree to that.
Mr. HALE. But it is in the bill before the
Senate, and was the original proposition; and
when I began my address, I said that I should
address myself to the whole bill. That is the
proposition which is before the Senate now. It
is true that the Committee of the Whole have rec-
ommended that that part be stricken out; but it
stands and is in the bill.
But the question I was discussing^ when the
honorable Senator from Maine broke in upon me
was this: suppose the Government should under-
take now to try in courts-martial those matters
which they tried in 1851 in the civil courts, this
bill would apply; it would apply then to just ex-
actly those cases, so that the argument is just as
good, because we know that the Government does
assume the authority to try men for seditious
words, before courts-martial. I am not saying
whether it is right or wrong; but 1 am speaking
of the fact that the Government of this country at
this day does assume the power of trying men for
seditious words before courts-martial. I am far
from saying that they have not the right to do it;
1 am far from saying that it is not wise to do it;
but I do say that it is neither wise nor right, in
case the Government assumes to try before courts-
martial those offenses which have been ordinarily
tried in civil courts, to preclude members of the
Senate and House of Representatives from ap-
pearing before them.
I do not know that anything which I can say
will retard or delay or prevent the action of the
Senate upon this subject. I presume that it will
not; I presume that the bill will be passed, and
the honorable Senator from Maine says he would
have preferred it in the manner in which it was
originally presented; and that is total and entire
exclusion of members of Congress from any prac-
tice in any court in any suit to which the Gov-
ernment may he a party.
Some gentlemen, I think the honorable Senator
from Maryland and others, have said that this is
a matter which will do very little injury to those
who will be interested by it. i care not whether
it will effect injury to them or not so long as m
my humble judgment it is wrong. There is a
wrongpiinciple involved in it,and wheneversuch
a principle is involved I am opposed to it.
I do not know,sir, that I have occasion to say
anything more upon the subject. I do not know
that I can elucidate itany further. I do not pre-
tend to be less selfish than the rest of mankind.
I am selfish. I am a lawyer by profession, and
I work for fees; and the larger the fee that I can
get honorably the better I like it. I have no con-
cealment upon that subject. I am not one of
those to whom the good things of fortune have
been so bountifully showered down that I can af-
. ford when 1 am not here in the Halls of Congress
' to retire at ease and live at my pleasure without
: doing anything. I work. I work m the courts.
I hold myself out for engagements whenever they
come. 1 have received more or less almost every
year. I hold that this is a legitimate part of my
profession. If extraordinary courts are instituted
i think it is more than ever incumbentupon those
who stand as advocates to interpose every defense
which they may in those extraordinary courts,
more than they would before the ordinary tribu-
nals.
Sir, when power was in the ascendcncy and prin-
ciple was trampled under foot in the dark periods
of British history, when extraordinary tribunals,
or commissions, or whatever they might be called,
were instituted in England, would the honorable
Senator from Maine or would this honorable Sen-
ate have then said that it should be a criminal
offense for the advocates of England, at a time
when power was enlarging itself and rights were
being contracted and principles trodden under foot,
to take part in the contest, and to requiie that they
should retire from the contest, and let power have
i$ own way ? No, sir. When the ordinary tri-
bunals of the country, the customary courts, are
open, those charged with offenses should be de-
fended there; but when, from purposes of public
State necessity or of public State policy, it be-
comes necessary to institute new and extraordi-
nary modes of proceeding, instead of its being
proper that the ordinary defenses should be aban-
doned, and the defendants shorn of their full right
of defense, in my humble judgment they should
be enlarged; and it is not only the right but the
duty of every man belonging to an honorable pro-
fession to stand by the victim, whoever may be
upon the other side.
Sir, where is the necessity of ostracizing law-
yers and advocates ? Why not reach your pro-
hibition out to merchants? Why not prohibit
them from exercising: their legitimate business dur-
ing time of war? Whynotapply it to mechanics
and to everybody else ? Why single out lawyers?
Have there been, sir, within your knowledge,
within the knowledge of the Judiciary Committee
or of anybody, any great abuses practiced that
ought to be remedied ? No, sir. Itisnothingmore
nor less than an attempt to interpose extraordinary
prohibitions in the case of trials that are instigated
by the Government.
As 1 said before, I would sustain theGovernment,
but in sustaining the Government I trust it is .not
necessary to believe—for if it is I cannot sustain
them—that everybody they employ is as immac-
ulate as the angels. I believe that when you are
spending the amount of money that you now spend
there will from necessity be bad men, corrupt men,
who will fasten themselves upon the Government
and obtain place and power,and resort to bad and
evil practices. I have a very high respect for Mr.
Stanton. I believe that he is a patriotic and upright
and honorable man, and a man of great talents; and
I will say that there is one talent that he has in a
remarkable degree, I think in a greater degree than
any man I ever knew, and that is, when there is
a mean thing to do, he can get the meanest men to
do it. [Laughter.]
And now, Sir. President,having said thus much,
I leave this case to the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say one word
in reply to the honorable Senator, lest I should be
misunderstood. I certainly have made no attack
upon the profession; I do not think this bill makes
any attack upon the profession as a general rule.
The answer which I have to make to the Senator
is simply this: as I said in the beginningjthelaw-
yers in this and the other branch of Congress are
almost an infinitesimal part of the lawyers in the
country; if we embraced even a very large propor-
tion or any considerable proportion of the legal
lore and legal ability of the country, there might
be something in what the honorable Senator has
said as to our duties in defending liberty outside
of this Hall; but the Senator well knows that in
the part of the country we come from there are
many members of the profession, large numbers
of them, very much abler thar^I am, to say the
least—not more able perhaps than the honorable
Senator—and as honest and patriotic a'nd upright
men as he is himself. Sir, we may safely leave
the business of defending cummals and defending
liberty in the courts of the country to the multi-
tudesof men we have in all sections of the United
States who are able for that defense, and there is
no want of them anywhere, if we have something
else to do.
Sir, have we not a sufficient theater upon which
to exhibit our love of liberty by standing herein
the view of the whole country to speak for it? Is
there no opportunity afforded us as Senators of
the United States to defend here the rights of the
people and the principles of liberty which have
come down to us from our ancestors? Is this
theater too contracted for the honorable Senator?
Can he not make his voice heard here? Is there
any necessity that he should go before a court-
martial in order to defend the liberty of the coun-
try and the freedom of the press and the freedom
• of the people ? Why, sir, I had no idea but that
this theater was large enough even for him. It
is certainly too large for me. I find myself, with
all the labor which I am able to give to my duties
here, unable to accomplish so much as 1 would
wish, and I certainly do not feel that the rights of
the people at home, in the courts of the country,
even as against the Government, are in any dan-
ger because they have placed me in another posi-
tion and called upon me there to guard the great
interests which are submitted to all men whom
the people have placed in positions like ours.
Therefore, although I have listened to and have
