THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TIIE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON. D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session*.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1S64.
New Series.....No. 36.
been charmed as I always am by the eloquence
of the honorable Senator on the great subject of
human liberty and the teachings of history, 1
confess that I cannot feci in my heart that liberty
would suffer anything even if we were prohibited,
himselfand myself, from appearing before courts-
martial for pay.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I desire simply
to oay a word. I believe it is proper in making a
new law to inquire first what the old law is; sec-
ond, the mischiefs; and then to look at the rem-
edy. Now, as I understand the mischief which
js to be corrected here, it is that members of the
Senate and of the House of Representatives are in
the habit of appearing in cases where the United
•States* are concerned. I suppose there can be no
mischief in their appearing on behalf of the United
States. 1 suppose there is nobody who complains
of that here. If there be any mischief at all it
must exist m their appearing before certain tri-
bunals, not the judicial tribunals of the country,
against the United States. If that is the mischief,
then I propose to read the lawas itstands already.
I read from the act of the 2Cth of February, 1853:
•' .See. o. Jhul he it fwither cnacta!, Th.it any Scnatoi or
Kepie-rntative m (;on<rress who, uttej the parage of tins
act, .-halt, tor compensation paid 01 to be paid, oortam or
eoutimient. act as a«ent or attoinev for pioseeutni!* any
claim or claims against the United States., or shall in any
maanei ot by any means for such comju'iisaiiuii aid oi as-
•-i^t in the pieaecuiion or support of any such chum or
claims, or shall iccen o any gratuity, or any &h;ire of or tn-
teiest in any claim fiom any claimant against the United
Stales, with intent to aid or assist, or in consideiuuon of
having aided oi a^-i.-tcd in the piosceiition of «uch claim,
bhall be liable to an indictment a^ for a misdemeanor in any
couit of the United ^tate* having jun>dietioii thereof, and,
on conviction, shall pay u fine not exceeding £5,000, or <?ui-
fer nnpii-oiimeut m the penitentiaiy not exceudins one
>e.n, or both, as the couit in it* discietion shall adjudge."
i should think that was severe enough, it is
almost equal in its severity to the punishment that
we inflicted on treason a few years ago. Now
the question for our consideration is whether we
will prevent Senators and Representatives from
appearing for the United States. If there be no
mischief m that, then this bill is useless except as
to another item, and that is the item of courts-
martial, because that is the only place, 1 believe,
where they are not prohibited now from appearing.
I suppose, Mr. Piesident, that the true rule on
this subject is that a lawyer has a right to appear
before any regularly constituted court. Now, is
a court-martial that kind of couit? Is that a
kind of couit before which we can be trusted? 1
have never appeared before a court-martial, and I
have never found any place indeed where my in-
fluence as a Senator seemed to help me anything
beyond that which I possessed before I became a
Senator. I think that it is casting a reflection on
the officers of the Army who are now defending
its in the battle-field, who are now periling their
lives day after day for us, to say that when they
are constituted into a court-martial, and when
tiiey sit m judgment on their fellow-officers they
could be influenced by any such considerations
as have been suggested here as a reason for pass-
ing this bill. It that be true, sir, then indeed the
country is in danger, and if that be true it is too
late now to help it by legislation.
But there is another view of tins subject. When
a soldier or officer from the State of Pennsylvania
is brought before a court-martial here I shall defend
Inm. As was said by the honorable Senator from
Maryland the other day, J shall defend him with
or without fee. I shall not stop to ask him for
compensation. But what is the effect of this bill r
It is to take away fiom him a right which he pos-
sesses no w by law; and that is to compel me to do it.
He has a light now to compel my service there
as a lawyer by tendering me the proper compen-
sation; and he may desire to do so. That will
be tin1 eiTect of it, and that will be about all the
result of U. The result will be that perhaps no
gentleman, if a Senator or Representative, will go
before one of these courts-martial, because he will
not want to incur the suspicion that he is going
there for compensation when the law forbids lum
to leceivo any, knowing very well that the malice
of mankind will attribute the worst motive to him.
;u>
I hope, therefore, that the Senate will throw out
this bill and not pass it.
There is another feature in it that is exceed-
ingly significant of the times, as it seems to me.
That which this bill makes a crime was yesterday
innocent. It was a thing, not that the humblest
or the worst of mankind could do with impunity,
butit was a thing which honorable Senators of the
United State* could do without the imputation of
crime. To-day it is to be a crime, not malum in
sc but simply malum prohibitum. How is it to be
punished? It may be punished almostas treason
is made punishable under the amended act we
passed some two years ago, " by a fine not ex-
ceeding $10,000 and by imprisonment for a term
not exceeding two years, at the discretion of the
court trying the same." Why, sir, this is worse
than the punishment that is inflicted for the most
violent and aggravated assault and battery m any
of the States: worse than i<i inflicted for assault
and battery with intent to kill, m nineteen out of
twenty cases; worse than is inflicted for a larceny;
worse in the way of fine than is inflicted for horse
stealing. It may be supposed, however, that we
can stand it, but I have very great doubts about
that.
in myjudgment, this part of the bill is obnoxious
to another urn) alatal objection. The Constitution
ofthc United States piovules, in a section derived
strictly from Magna Charta, that this kind of fine
shall never be levied. " ILxcessivo bail shall not
be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel
and unusual punishments inflicted." What is an
" excessive fine r" An " excessive fine"is a tech-
nical term as well known to the law as that of lar-
ceny or any other legal term susceptible of exact
definition. Itis that line which,in the language of
the law, saved to the freeholder his tenement, to
the merchant his meichandise, to the villein his
wainage, and it was formerly assessed by a jury
in order that it might be determined from the con-
dition of the man how much he could pay without
touching the sustenance of his wife and childien.
They are not to be punished for the offenses of the
husband and fathei; and yet this bill would do it,
because this fine might be imposed in such a way
as to sweep away the inheritance from the chil-
dren of those who are convicted. I think it is
atrocious m its seventy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the debate
which has ensued on this bill is an illustration of
the truth that we know not what is before us. I
had no expectation that we should be led into a
discussion of the great principles of liberty and
m defense of the legal profession when I called
the attention of the Senate to the bill, and sup-
posed that we could dispose of it in a very lew
minutes.
The Senator from New Hampshire has made,
as lie always does, a very eloquent speech against
a provision not in the bill as it is before us. lie
says that before the Senate struck out a provision
m the bill it contained a clause that was very ob-
jectionable. The Senate has stricken it out. When
the question comes up whether it is to be put
hack again, his speech, pethaps, may be applica-
ble to it. Hut he has made his speech on a prop-
osition to insert the words " court-martial" m the
bill. That is the only question pending.
The Senntor from Pennsylvania, not satisfied
to discuss that proposition, has gone into a gen-
eral discussion of the rights secuied by Magna
CiKUta. lie say,s that tins bill provides severe
and unusual punishments. Why, sir, the pun-
ishment i-' left in the discretion of the court. The
Constitution, it is not ro be presumed, will be vio-
lated by the court. The court may assess a fine
of a dollar and imprisonment for an hour, if, in :
its judgment, thatis the proper punishment for a
person convicted under the act; or it may assess
the line without imprisonment. Because the bill
authorizes a punishment of a greater decree to be
inflicted, it does not follow that the court will im-
pose the heaviest penalty provided by the law.
But, sii, this provision as to penalty, if it is to
be discussed, is taken from a statute passed at a
former session of Congress prohibiting members
of Congress and officers of the Government of the
United States from taking consideration for pro-
curing contracts, offices, or places from the United
States; and the punishment prescribed by the bill
now under consideration is precisely the same as
that prescribed by the act to which I have just
referred. It was thought necessary some years
ago to pass a law to prohibit members of Con-
gress from receiving compensation for procuring
contracts or places for others, using their influ-
ence in that way, selling their influence.
Since this bill has been under consideration I
have been informed that money has been paid to
procure recommendations to West Point. If that
be so, I trust the offender will be brought to jus-
tice. Since this bill has been pending, I have
heard that officers in the Departments of this Gov-
ernment have received money in order to facilitate
claims that were passing through the Departments
of the Government. I have heard that where
there were many claims pending and it was a great
object on the part of the contractors to have their
claims acted upon and passed at the earliest day,
they have given money to clerks iiforder to shuffle
up their claims, so that they could be acted upon
sooner than others.
These are the abuses that we are to guard against
by this bill. The Senator from Pennsylvania
denounces the bill. He says he knows of nomis-
ehief to be remedied. Are not the practices I have
just stated mischiefs? Is it not time, when the
country is rife with these statements and when the
confidence of the people is being impaired in the
transactions of their Government, that we should
legislate to stop such abuses1
Mr. COWAN. May I ask, is there any pro-
vision for punishing that in this bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is.
Mr. COWAN. In the bill now before the Sen-
| ate ?
j Mr. TRUMI1ULL. Yes, sir, in the bill now
before the Senate. It provides that no ii head of
a Department, head of a bureau, clerk, or other
officer of the. Govei muent" shall " receive or agree
to receive any compensation whatsoever, directly
or indirectly, for any services rendered or to be
rendered to any person" in reference to a matter
that is pending h*tfoie a Department.
This is not a bill to prevent attorneys from
practicing in courts of law, but it is a bill to pre-
vent Representatives and Senators in Congress
and officers of the Government who are paid for
their services from receiving a compensation for
advocating claims in the Departments and before
the bureaus of the Government, and before courts-
martial. That is the particular question that is
pending.
Now, sir, I was in favor of extending this bill so
as to embrace courts-martial for the two reasons
which have been mentioned here in the Senate.
In the first place the officers composing a court-
martial are officers who are likely to be in a posi-
tion to ask favors of the Senate. They are made
up always of military officers. We al! know that
military officers are seeking promotion, and all
the officers of the Army of the United States are
passing m review before the Senate, receiving
their confirmation from the Senate every few
years. Hence I thought it was improper that
Senators having to pass upon these officers should
[ practice before them lest they might exercise an
undue and improper influence. Another reason,
which has been already stated, is that the pro-
ceedings of these courts-martial are often brought
m review before Congress. We are daily pass-
ing resolutions calling for their proceedings to be
submitted to us upon which to base legislation.
I thought it was proper, therefore, to embrace
courts-martial in the provisions of this bill; and
that is the dncct question which is now pending.
I am sorry that we have taken up so much time
on the bill; but as we have had it so long under
consideration I trust we may now hold on toil
until we dispose of it one way or the other. I
trust, also, that the Senate will let us come to a vote,
for 1 think this'question whether courts-martial
shall be embraced within the provisions of the bill
