ieos
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No, 306) to amend an actentitled " An act pre- 1
scribing the times and places for holding terms j
of the circuit courts for thedistricts of Iowa, Min-
nesota, and Kansas,"approved January 13,1863,
reported adversely thereon.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
Wo. 62) fixing certain rules and regulations for
preventing collisions on the water, reported it
Without amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ihg", to whom was referred amotion to print five
thousand additional copies of the report of the
committee on the conduct of the war in relation
to the Florida expedition, repot ted ia favor of the
-motion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Louis Roberts, praying for indemnifi-
cation for goods destroyed, submitted a report
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 234) for the relief
of Louis Roberts. The bill was read and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
RAILROAD GRANT TO KANSAS.
Mr. HARDING. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 101)
amendatory of the actentitled "An act for a grant
of lands to the State of Kansas, in alternate sec-
tions,#o aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads and telegraphs in said State;" a bill (S.
No. 124) to amend an act entitled "An act for a
grant of lands to the State of Kansas, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads and telegraphs in said State," approved
March 3, 1863; a bill (S. No. 182) to amend an
act entitled "An act for a grant of lands to the
State of Kansas, in alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of certain railroads and tele-
graphs in said State;" and a bill (S. No. 200) for
a grant of lands to the State of Kansas to aid in
the construction of the Osage and Cottonwood
Valley railroad *n said State, have directed me to
report a new bill as a substitute for ail of those
bills.
The bill (S. No. 233) making an additional
grant of lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the
construction of railroad and telegraph lines was
read,and passed to a second reading.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 have certain amend-
ments that 1 shall propose to that bill when it
comes before the Senate for consideration, which
I ask to have printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
FRKNCJI SPOLIATIONS HE POIIT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on limit-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to piintihtee
thousand additional copies of the report of the
Committee on Foreign Relations in regard to the
French spoliation claims, have directed me to re-
port in favor of the motion, and to ask for its
present consideration. The reason why 1 want
it acted on now is that the type is standing, and
unless the order be made at once the Government
will beal the expense, by and by, of resetting it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 wisii to inquire of the
Senator what report that is.
Mr. ANTHONY". It is a motion of the Sen-
ator Irom A4aryland [Mr. Johnson] to print three
thousand extra copies of the report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations upon French spoli-
ations prior to 1801.
The Senate proceeded to consider the motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not able to see that
there should be printed extra copies of an ordi-
nary report upon a private claim or a number of
private claims. It is not a question of such general
interest that ex tm copics ought to be published,
it seems to me.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, sir, whatever dis-
position the Senate please to make of it, I shall
be satisfied with. The committee thought, as it
was a subject of so much interest, that the report
ought to be printed. It is not by any means a
. pnvate claim, but a treaty claim, and there are
many peisons all over the commeicial parts of
the country who arc deeply interested m it. I
only want to have the matter disposed of.
Mr. BUCKALEW callcd for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered,
Mr. CONNESS. Before the vote is taken
on this motion, I should like to hear from some
Senator the reasons vtfhy three thousand copies
of this report of a committee on the question of
the French spoliation claims should be printed
for the use of-the Senate. It appears to me to
be an act of liberality not very wise, to say the
least of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I offered the resolution,
which has been favorably reported upon by the
Committee on Printing, from a conviction that a
great many of the people have an interest in the
subject, but particularly because the questions
themselves are of very great interest. The ques-
tions in regard to the obligations of the United
States to make good the losses sustained by those
who suffered from what are callcd spoliations by
France prior to 1801 are very important ones.
They'involve the .construction of a treaty be-
tween the two countries, and they involve also
the consideration of very many important ques-
tions of national law. Upon these questions
differences of opinion have prevailed in the coun-
cils of Congress in the past, and with persons of
different parties. Most of the reports, however,
that have been made in each branch of Congress
upon the subject, have been in favor of the pay-
ment of these claims. The obligation of the
United States to pay them is upon the ground
that they being at that time claims upon France,
were abandoned by the United States in the treaty
of 1801, in order to obtain on their part a release
from the obligation, or alleged obligation, under
which the United States were by virtue of ante-
cedent treaties.
The report is quite an elaborate one, drawn up
with all the fullness which characterizes papers
of this description prepared by the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations. He has
collected together, very accurately, I have no
doubt, all the facta connected with the claims.
He has given the lustoiy of the proceedings in
Con^re^s and the proceedings of the Executive,
and has examined very fully all the principles of
law applicable to the questions which the claims
present. The amount proposed to be allowed is
#5,000,000,payable in stock; I forget the paitic-
u!ar periods at which the stock is to be payable.
[ think it is due to ourselves, particularly in the
piesent condition of the country, when wc are
recommending anappropriation of so large a sum
as $5,000,000, that we should place ourselves right
before the country, and I do not know that we
can do it so effectually as by laying before them
such a report as is the one made by the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations. Weare
in the habit of pri^ng reports from the different
committees upon questions of much less geneial
interest, as I think, than those whjch belong to
this subject, and I therefore thought when 1 of-
fered the resolution (but it seems I was mistaken)
that there would be almost a unanimous agree-
ment on the part of the Senate that some addi-
tional copies, if not to the extent of three thousand
to some greater extent than are usually printed,
should be published of this report.
Mr.TRUMBULL. 1 do not piopose to enter
into the discussion of the ability of this report, as I
"have not read it, or of the propriety of paying these
French claims which have been before Congress
for a generation, and perhaps two or three gene-
rations,and have been discussed here repeatedly.
But this is a question of printing, not the usual
number of copies which are always printed of
every report, and which will be printed of this re-
port, I presume. Some fifteen hundred, I think,
are printed for the use of the Senate and House
of Representatives, and halfa dozen copies or more
for each Senator and Representative. The only
object of printing extra copics of any of the
public documents or reports is to circulate them
among the people. .Now, doesanybody suppose
there is a demand in this country from the people
for extra copies of the report of the committee in
relation to the allowance of these French claims?
Does anybody suppose that these extra copies
will be read? 1 do not expect any demand for
them from my constituents. Probably the French
claimants who are pressing these claims, and who
have been pressing them tor two or three genera-
tions past, would like to see the argument made
in favor of their allowance. It may be compli-
mentary to them to send them copies of this re-
port, but so far as legislation is concerned, we
shall have copies of the report, as many as any
of us want, and we can all re&d it and understand
it. I trust the Senate will not vote to print extra
copies of this report. I'can see no occasion for it.
It is a small matter, it is true. I do not suppose
it will cost a great deal, but there has been very
much said about the extravagancet)f printing since
I have been a member of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is only one con-
sideration which, in my judgment, would justify
the printing of this extra number of copies. These
are old claims, as stated by the Senator from Illi-
nois; and I can say to the Senate that I have the
fortune or misfortune to be personally interested
in them; that is to say, a portion of one claim of
the kind comes down to me in the position in
which I stand undera will. I have examined the
claims, and I have no question that they are as
just and honest claims as ever were presented to
any Congress. They have been reported upon
favorably some eighteen or twenty times in dif-
ferent Congresses at different periods, and always
kept alive. I believe there never were more than
one or two reports against them. The bill for
their payment has passed both Houses of Con-
gress several times, but only twice at the same
session, and in both those cases the bill was ve- .
toed by the Presidents on grounds which they
stated,one becauseitdid not make sufficient pro-
vision, and the other because he thought we had
not money enough.
Here is another report made. The matter has
gone outof the public mind. Nobody outof Con-
gress, and very few in Congress, exceptth£ heirs
of persons interested, now know much about
the subject. The bill proposes to appropriate
$5,000,000. 1 think that if the bill is to be acted
upon and passed, it would be well that the public
prints should have possession of the facts, that
they should know what the facts are on which the
bill is founded, in order that the public may
understand it. I think that is the only way in
which they can be got to understand it; and if
Senators think it light, and I believe the Senate,
if they come to hear it and discuss it will pass the
hill, it would be well to have a copy of the bill
and report furnished to the different presses of the
country in order that the question may be under-
stood.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would not the ordinary
number be enough for that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, the ordinary num-
ber would not be enough for that. That is the
only ground on which 1 act. I do not think as to
anything else it is of theslightestconsequence in
the world, because it is of interest to nobody -but
the claimants. If the Senate think it worth while
to print any particular number for the purpose I
have stated to put in the hands of thp press, in
order that the matter may be understood and ex-
plained, very well. There is no other reason for
it in my judgment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Thecostof thisprinting will
be less than $300. The gentlemen from the west-
ern States aie not aware of the great interest that
is felt in this matter in most of the commercial
States, i could send twenty copies of this leporfc
to my constituents in my litile State who arc in-
terested in the matter; and certainly if men think
they have, as I believe they have a just claim on
this Government, it is at least fair to let them
know what a committee of one branch of Con-
gress has decidcd upon the subject. This re-
port is exceedingly elaborate and able. There
have been a great many reports written on the
subject heretofore; and this contains all the in-
formation and all the facts and all the law, and
is the starting-point from which the question will
be discussed. It ought to be put into the hands
of the people; and 1 do not think that any report
has been printed at this session that will have a
greater interest to those who are concerned m it;
and they are a very respectable and very consid-
erable number of people. I think we have wasted
time enough on this matter; and 1 hope the Sen-
ate will dispose of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was astonished when
the proposition was made to print extra copies of
this report. I have no doubt the Senator from
Maryland is quite light in saying that it is an
elaborate report, at least it is a lengthy report. I
understand that it is a very lengthy report, and
to my mind that would be some objection to print-
ing extra copies, because the length of itincreasea
the cost of printing.
Mr. RIDDLE. If my fiiend will-allow me, I
