2584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
"There were soldiers at the election, persons whose
homes were in that voting precinct, arid who came to the
election to vote, and did vote. They did not control or in
any way interfere with the voting. The election was en-
tirely controlled by the officers appointed for that purpose
by the McLean county court, who, in every instance, de-
termined the qualifications of voters."
James B. Bennett says, page 162:
U1 travel a great deal over the county. I had my notion
3 about it. My opinion was that they stood for Yeaman be-
gfore the election.
| "Was there any military interference in Ohio county
by soldiers or military orders to prevent any one from vo-
ting for McHenry?
"Answer. Not that I know of. I saw none here at the
Hartford precinct, nor did I hear of any in tins county. I
was here all the day of the last August election, and the
militaiy did not Interfere at all.
" Was any man prevented from voting for McHenry or
any one else in the Hartford precinct?
" Answer. Not that X saw or heard of.
" Did you ever see an election conducted more fairly in
Ohio county?
"Answer. As far as thi-* precinct is concerned, I never
did." *********
" How did the secessionists vote for Congressman in Ohio
county, so far as you have learned?
" Aiu>u-cr. They voted for McIIenrv as far as I know. I
have not heard of any voting for Yeaman,"
J. B. Stevens says, page 163:
"I acted as sheriff at the election precinct at Hartfoid.
There was no interference by the military or any one else;
all were allowed to vote who made application, and no oath
was required of any otic."
T. Maddox says, page 140:
a I acted as sheriff of election at the Knottsvillc precinct,
No* 4.
*' How was the election conducted, and how did it go off?
"Answer. A more peaceable election we nevei have had
there, and I have acted as sheriff a good many years.
"Was anybody chstuibed or prevented from voting hy
toldiers or anybody cIm;?
"Answer. There was not, sir.
■" What was done in the way of swearing voters, or re-
quiring ontlH of them ?
u Answer. There were but two required to he sworn.
" What oath was administered to those two?
" Answer. The one required bv the proclamation of Gov-
ernor Hobiuson, of July 20, 18GJ, and the act <*' the Ken-
tucky Legislature, of March 11, 1803, and no other oaths."
Colonel James M. Holmes, page 142:
" Were you or not present at ICuoit-<vi)le on .Saturday the
1st day of August, 180.% when I and Colonel Meflemy
spoke there ?
"Answer. I was.
" In his fcpmich that day was he much applauded} if bo,
by whom ?
"Ansu-er. He was applauded a good deal, and by the
rebct party.
" Did he or not charge me with having said I would not
rflcelvc rebel votes, and that if elected by them I would not
serve; and said he would not get mad at anybody for voting
for him, nor resign either?
"Answer. He did.
" Did I or not make such a statement In my speech on
that day about rebel votes, as ehaiged by him ?
"Answer- You did
"Do you remember any statements or charges or allu-
sions made by turn against me calculated to excite the
rebel population agalnut me?
"Answer. I remember he said something nlmnt your n*-
BUining command of the home guard here without author-
ity, and sent out a party who shot a man in cold blood;
and further that you had been instrum«ntal in pioeurlng
assessments to be levied on the rebels because of guemila
raids.
" Do you or not remember that he made a statement In
language or substance to this effect: 4 That Kentucky nnwt
take her position, and light North and South, East and
West, and roll back the tides of lanatlcismfrom her?'
"Answer. I do
"Do you or not remember he made a statement in that
speech in language or substance as follows : ' Kentucky is
my home and my native State, ami i will toliow her, and
her position shall be mine wherever she goes?'
"Answer• Yes, sir.
" Did lie or not object to me that I had not and would
not indorse the . <>utimctit?
"Answer. lie did.
" Question by McSJenry. Do you think there was any ef-
fort made by McHenry to exrltt; any hostile demonstration
against Mr. Yeaman there that day?
"Answer. I thought there was."
H. M. Woodruff, page 336, Kays:
"After Ins (Colonel MelJenryV) refusal to submit his
name to the Union convention ot the di^tnct, whose sup-
port did he seek and leceive, judging from his conduct,
a^fociations, and the conduct ol the two political parties
of this county and distiict?
"Answer. It i-  my opinion that Colonel WeHemy sought
the support of both parties, but that he received his suf-
frages chiefly from the party styling themselves ' southern
rights men.5"
R. M. Hathaway, page 25, says:
"Since Colonel McHenry's dismissal from the A.my,
ami ilis refusal to go into the Union convention, how lins
ho been regarded by the Union party and loyal men gen-
erally?
"Answer. The Union men gradually lost confidence in
Colonel McHenry from the time of his dismissal from the
Army j and since he avowed himself opposed to furubb-
iflg any more money or men, taken 111 connection with his
associations with the secesh party, I am convinced a very
large majority of the Union party have Jost all confidence
in him as a Union man."
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have but one
remark to make in reference to this testimony;
that is, that a majority of the witnesses from
whose evidence 1 have quoted were witnesses
called on behalf of the contestant in this case. I
carried every county in the district. In a con-
tested election where the result is charged to mil-
itary interference, it would seem my majorities
ought to be largest where contestant has com-
plained most; and surely, as a good manager, he
w<5bld take his proof where he could make the
most of it. Now, to the facts: just in the coun-
ties where most is alleged and where the proof
was taken, my majorities were smallest; and just
in the counties—more than half in the district—
where nothing is alleged and no proof taken, my
majorities are largest. This remark does not ap-
ply to Muhlenburg, where some proof was taken
and nothing ptoved except that the people nearly
all voted for me, because they were nearly all
loyal.
1 desire now to call the attention of the House
to some of the principles involved in this rase. In
a contested election from the Territory of Mich-
igan, Biddle and Richard us. Wing, in I82G, this
House held—
"An election is the act of selecting on the part of the
electois a person for an oflice of trust."
Speaking of referring a case back to the peo-
ple, it is said:
" This, however, ought not to be done when it is possi-
ble to ascertain what the tiue result Mas been. The elect-
ive ptiviiege, is d veiy important one, and ought to be held
m the .highest estimation." * * * * "No
doubts winch are capable of being solved ought to be per-
mitted to operate against them. Indeed, nothing .short of
the impossibility of asccitcumiig for whom a majority of
votes have been given ought to vacate an election."
In another ease coming from Virginia in 1793—
Trigg vs. Preston—a company of soldiers under
the command of Captain Preston, a brother of i he
sitting member, had a disturbance at the polls; a
magistrate was knocked down, blood was spilled,
the poll surrounded, and voters kept away. The
sitting member had a majority in the whole dis-
trict of lOvotcs instead of 5,224. The committee
on account of the disturbance reported against
his right, but after a protracted discussion the
House confirmed him in his seat.
None will doubt General Burnside'e naked legal
right and power to declare martial law in his de-
partment or any portion of it. The propriety of
ltor the sufficiency of the reasons that moved him
are another question. His power as a military
commander was undoubted. Docsj then maitial
law per se make void an election not controlled by
it, when the result could not have been otherwise,
and when the older specified it was to secure the en-
forcement instead of the suspension of the local law
of elections? Admitting any given act or order to be
illegal, is the sitting member to beheld responsi-
ble for it unless he be shown to bo particeps crimi-
nis 7 If any irregularity will make void an elec-
tion,a candidate seeing his defeat sure mightepoil
the election by procuring the commission of an
irregularity, and thus do by fraud and connivance
what he could not do at the ballots. If any order
by the military will vitiate an election,no matter
what the vote, it is in the power of any Adminis-
tration to perpetuate itself in power by secretly
causing some subordinate to issue some order, and
then, though it had no control over the election, i
though the sitting member got a clear majority of j
all the votes in the district, he must go out be- j
cause of this order. So that the question in every i
case is, lias there been an election ? Have the peo-
ple spoken, and what have they said? And tins
House is the sole and supreme judge of that with-
out any appeal.
Viewing this case in the light of these ptinci-
ples, whatdo we find ? This contestant, in giving
me the notice of contest, does not claim that he is
entitled to a seat in this House. I submit, there-
fore, whether the statute was made for such a
case. I submit whether he had the right to come
here and trouble the House with his case, not
claiming in his notice that he is the duly elected
member. In the petition to this House he says !
in one sentence that the facts on which he claims
his seat are set out in the notice; but in the notice
he does not claim the seat, in the next sentence
he says that the whole election was void, null,
and unconstitutional; and then in the next he asks
that the case be sent back to the people. A man
cannot claim under the will and against the will.
He must take either as heir or devisee. A man
cannot go before the chancellor claiming there-
scission and the specific performance of the same
stipulation. He must elect one or the other.
it would seem, then, thathecomes here without
knowing exactly what he is entitled to. It is a
sort of experimental litigation which this House
is under no obligation to encourage or listen to.
The same kind of pleading is manifested in his
notice. In one sentence he says that Burnside's
proclamation was unauthorized and unconstitu-
tional; in> the next place he says it was issued
without cause, and that the causes alleged were
false, thus raising a question of veracity between
him and the distinguished general; and in the next
sentence he complains that the election was not
carried on in accordance with Burnside's procla-
mation. That, sir, is remarkable pleading for a
man to come into this body with.
Now, I suggest for the consideration of the
House that in a case of this kind where any mat-
ter is complained of or relied upon by the contestant
it must be alleged and must be shown that it went
to the full length of changing the result; in point of
fact, that my election must have been caused and
his defeat must have been caused by the influences
complained of,orelse no case at all isshown. It
is not like an action in law, where you can meas-
ure the damages in dollarsand cents. Here is no
case, here are no damages, unless the thing com-
plained of goes to the whole length of changing
the result. Bccausc if the result is not changed
the party complaining is not damaged. That ia
the point of law 1 make in this matter.
Here is a case of a gentleman working two saws;
with one saw he wants to get into this House, and
with the other he wants to get before the people
again. With one saw ho works against Bum-
side's proclamation, and with the other against
the election, because it was not conducted in ac-
cordance with Burnside's proclamation.
In regard to this testimony, Mr. Speaker, there
is one thing perfectly manifest, to which I desire
for a moment to call the attention t)f the House.
We in Kentucky—and it is a point material m the
determination of this case—had not the same kind
of political organizations which you gentlemen
of the North have. We had not there Repub-
licans, Abolitionists, War Democrats, and Peace
Democrats. We had but two parties, Union men
and secessionists; friends of the Government and
friends of the rebellion. There is at present an
unfortunate division grown up in the Union party,
but at the time this contest was going on the evi-
dence shows that the State was divided into these
two parties.
I made plain sailing with these gentlemen. I told
them I wanted no misunderstanding with them.
I told them that if I was elected and came here
I would go for grantingall the material resouices
of the Government to overcome that rebellion
with which th-eir sympathies wore in such active
support. I told them more; 1 told them that if
they wanted this Government overturned, that if
their labors and their prayers were in active co-
operation with the armed enemies of the country,
if they were respectable or self-respecting men
they would neither consent to hold office under a
Government they desired to overturn nor would
they vote for any man who would hold office un-
der such a Government.
Sir, I went further with them. I told them that
if they wanted my Government destroyed, that
if their sympathies were in unison and harmony
with aimed rebellion, I did not expect their sup-
poit, that I did not ask their suppoit, and that if
they persisted in voting for me, and I could trace
enough of their names on the poll-books to con-
trol my election, I would not take my seat in this
House. And, so help me God, I would not have
done it. To whom did I thus address myself?
A vast, majority of the men who voted for the
contestant. I will read an extract from page 132
of printed record:
"Do or do not the icbcls, secessionist-*, juid lubel sym-
pathizers call themselves southern right* men?
il Answer. Yes, sir.
" Are they or not the same who in times past, since the
eoimnr-ncement of the ptesent civil war, and before* they
were prevented by militaiy orders and the ptesencc of mil-
itaiy force, would openly and fiercely advocate the lebej-
hon, becebsum, <> d Jell'. Davi*, and denouueu the Govern-
