1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1609
will state that I have a copy of the report in my
hand. It only embraces forty-four pages. The
type is set. It has been the custom, 1 think, to
print extra copies of important reports like this;
but I may be mistaken. I feel sure that in the
other House itis done. Asitembraces butforty-
four pages, it can hardly be called a lengthy re-
port, and the printing cannot, I think, involve
even the expense the Senator from Rhode Island
supposes.
Mr, HENDRICKS. Forty-four pages is not
a very short report, to say the least of it, though
it might possibly be longer. But the question is
this: does it relate to a matter of such public in-
terest as to justify us in sending it before the coun-
try at the expense of the Government? I can con-
ceive of many cases in which it is proper to pub-
lish extra copies of a report, such a report as was
made the other day by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] and the minority report
made by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Buckalew.] Extra copies of that should prop-
erly be published, becausc it relates to a proposed
change in the policy of the Government, the aban-
donment of the fugititivc slave laws, their repeal,
a declaration that the provision of the Constitu-
tion on that subject is no longer to be respected.
That is of such general concern that as a matter
of course extra copies ought to be published, that
the public may be informed what the Senate is
doing on that public matter. But here is a private
claim. It amounts to five millions, it is true, but
the re*>ort relates to a private claim and not to a
policy of the Government, and 1 cannot see the
propriety of its publication to so great an extent.
1 know that the parties interested in the claim
would hke to read the report, but they are pre-
sumed to know the merits of their claim in advance.
Will the Senators who advocate the publication
of an increased number of tins report say that the
claimantsthemsel ves are now ignorant of the mer-
its of theii claim, that they want to be informed
by the report of the Senator ft om Massachusetts?
it is to be presumed that they knew in advance
what their claim was, and I ennnnt conceive that
any other parties are interested in the controversy
except the public so far as the amount to be ap-
propriated is concerned.
The fact that similar reports have been pub-
lished at other sessions is an argument against
publishing this, for I do not presume it will be
claimed that this repoit can be much other than
a compilation of old repoits. Are new facts in-
troduced? Do Senators say that new facta have
been brought to the attention of the Senate, or
that a new view of the law of the ease has been
presented by the Senator from Massachusetts?
That is hardly to be presumed when this question
has been discussed for a quarter of a centuiyin
this body ond report after report h s been pub-
lished. We want this report, as Senators, to vote
upon the question. Why we should send out
extra copies to the countiy I am not able to see.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, n.ivi«, Dixon, Fe^etxlon,
Fo toi, Hams, Hemiet-on, Howe, Johnson, Moigiin, Alor-
nil, iWsmitii. turnkey. Kuliiie, Saiil-bmy, Spra^ue, Sum-
ner, Van Winkle, \Yude, Wiiku^on, Wiliey, Wilson,
and Wriglit—
NAY??—Me^rs. Hrowrt, Ruekalew, Caihle, Chandler,
Coliamer, Conness Cowan, Grimes, Hale, Hardin**, Har-
lan, Humii ickf. How.ud, Lain- of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, Pomeroy, Sheunan, Tea Eyck, and Trumbull—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
TREATY RELATIVE TO HUDSON'S BAY COMPANY.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to be good
enough to proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 187, to carry into effect a treaty with
her Britannic Majesty, reported by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations. I am sure it will not
occasion debate. I move that it be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
187) to carry into effect a treaty between the
United States and her Britannic Majesty for the
final settlement of the claims of the Hudson's
Bay and Puget Sound Agricultural Companies,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the appointment by the Picsi-
dent of the United States, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, of a commissioner,
whose duty it shall be, conjointly with the com-
missioner appointed by her Britannic Majesty's
Government to investigate, adjust, and determ-
ine the claims of the Hudson's B^y Company
and of the Puget Sound Agricultural Company
against the Government of the United States, pur-
suant to the terms of a treaty signed at Wash-
ington on the 1st day of July, 1863; andthecom-
missioner may appoint a clerk, withacompensa-
tion at the rate of eight dollars a day. The com-
pensation of the commissioner is to be $5,009 in
full for his services and personal expenses. The
commissioner on the part of the United States,
in conjuction with the commissioner on the pan
of Great Britain, is to make all needful rules and
regulations for conducting the business of the
commission; such rules and regulations not con-
travening the Constitution of the United States,
the provisions of the act, or the stipulations of
the treaty. The Secretary of State is to trans-
mit to the commission such papers or records
relating to the business of the commission as he
may deem proper or as may be called for by the
commissioner; and at the close of the commis-
sion, and of the duties of the umpire, all the rec-
ords, documents, and all other papers which may
"have been presented on behalf of the United
States are to be returned to the Department of
State.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
RILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
232) m addition to the several acts concerning
commercial intercourse between loyal and insur-
rectionaiy Stales, and to provide for the collection
of captured and abandoned property, and the pre-
vention of frauds in States declared in insurrec-
tion; which was read twice by its title, refeired
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
PRINTING OF BILLS.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
OrJerah Tint the hill (P. No. 2=r>) extending the joris-
dieiioii of tin; dNttict eouite, and tiie lull (S. No. 2&J) to
regulate the lutein arid coasting trade on Hie northern,
northeastern, and" noithwe.-tern frontiers ot the United
States, and for other piupobC^, be punted.
WILLIAM YOCU3I.
Mi. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Reiolvrd, That the Socretaiy of War be diiocted to re-
poit to the ►Sniat'' the papeis in the eas-e ol William Vo-
etun, now confined in the penitentiaiy at AilMnv, New
Yoik, toyethei with the i«.-coid of tin court beune which
the &aid Yoeuiu wa> tiied and sentenced to imprisonment.
LIGHT-HOUSES IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. DOOLTTTLE submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce; be re-
quited to inqune and repoit what additional appropn-
iUioii< in.ij' bo neeOH-.iry to complete the Imht-hou-e woiks
at Milwaukee and llaeine, in the Stale ol Wi-seoiiMii.
RETURN OF REFUGEE INDIANS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution*, which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
" Resolved, That the President of the Dinted States be re-
queued to communicate to Ihe Semite lie; rca.^ons, if any
cxht, why the refugee Indiana m the ritat« of Kansas are
not returned to their homes.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION RILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. R. No. 151) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30,18C5.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Two amendments adopted as in
Committee of the Whole have been reserved for
a separate vote, the other amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole having been already
concurred in by the Senate. The first of tile two
amendments upon which a separate vote has
been asked will now be read.
The Secretary read the first reserved amend-
ment, to insert after line three hundred and thirty-
two the following clause:
For the pun-hate and preparation of a site for a cemetery
for tiie Navy and marine corp.- near Philadelphia, $-2O;000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I asked for a separate
vote on that amendment in order that I might put
a question to the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs in regard to it. I usk lura whether
$20,000 is not a large appropriation for the pur-
chase of land for this purpose? I do not know
how near it is to be to the city of Philadelphia.
Mr. HALE. I have not examined the subject,
and know nothing about it except from the letter
of Admiral Smith. He says it will cost $15,-000
to buy a lot and $5,000 to prepare it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It strikes me that this is
a pretty large sum to expend for a cemetery. I
had hoped that the chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee would be able to give us some information
on the subject.
Mr. HALE. I know nothing about it except
from the statement of Admiral Smith. He says
that owing to the war and the great number of
sailors and marines that go to the Naval Asylum
at Philadelphia and die there, their present ac-
commodations for a cemetery are altogether insuf-
ficient, and they want a new one, and he thinks
that $15,000 will be as little as they can get a lot
for, and that it will take $5,000 more to prepare
it, to build walls, &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we had better re-
duce the appropriation §5,000.
Mr. HALE. I have not the slightestobjection
to that, and I move to amend the amendment by
striking out " §20,000, "and inserting " §15,000."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next re-
served amendment will be read.
The Secretery read the amendment, which was
to insert as an additional section:
.Or,'' be U furthrr enncfrii* That tile United State" Naval
Academy shall be returned to and e-tabhshed at the Naval
Academy grounds in Annapolis, m the state of Maryland,
heroic tiie commencement ol tiie academic year in 1865.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after its enacting clause,
and inserting:
That the Seeietary of lie N.ivy -hall appoint a hoaul of
five naval otiieeis to examine and repoit npon the most
suitable place i'oi the Naval Academy.
The amendment which was adopted in Com-
mittee of the Whole proposes, for the first time,
to establish the Naval Academy at a particular
placc. It never was established by law at An-
napolis. it did not require any law to remove it
to Newport. It does not lequire any law to carry
it back to Annapolis. The Secretary of thcNavy,
acting under the President, has full authority to
do that now. The amendment proposes, how-
ever, not only to eairy it back to Annapolis, but
to establish it there. Now, sir, if we mean to
establish the Naval Academy at any particular
placc, we ought to knew wheie is the best place.
I dare say that you, Mr. President, [Mr. Foster
in ihe chair,] and your colleague, may think
New London the best place; mid the Senators
from New Jersey may think Perth Amboy the
best place; and 1 have no doubt that Newpoitis
the best place; but let us ascertain wheie tin best
place is before we go to the very great expense
of removing the Naval Academy, so that the ques-
tion may be ended, and, as the Senator fiom
Maine has said, we may he all relieved from its
discussion. I wish that Senator, who stands at
tiie door of the Treasury as the angel at the
portal of Paradise with a flaming swoi d in his
hand, to undeisiand that sf the amendment be
adopted, will take §500,000 out of the Treas-
ury. There will be the destruction of ^250,000
worth of military property, as appears by the
letterof the Secietary of War, read by the chair-
!! man of'the Military Committee the other day;
|i and 1 undertake to say that it will cost just as
'! much to establish accommodations at Annapolis
j1 for four hundred pupils, the number now in the
lj School, as it will to erect such accommodations
ii in the city of Newport. Put still I am willing
■j that the whole question shall be submitted to
;! those who know most about it; we certainly can-
'j not profess to understand so mlieb about a ques-
!l tion of this kind as the officers of the Navy, and
I1 the Secretary of the Navy has the whole naval
! corps to take into his counsels upon this subject.
If all the naval officers are, as the Senator from
'! Iowa thinks, in favor of the Academy going back
; to Annapolis, then it will go back there under
, my proposition.
'! It will'be understood, Mr. Piesident, that the
: adoption of the substitute 1 have offered will not
II delay the action contemplated in the original
