1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
treat them differently from what we treat men who
are intelligent, educated, and able to ascertain
what the law was by actual examination. The
rule to be applied in the one case is very differ-
ent from what ought to be applied in the other.
This is on the simple ground of justice.
And, sir, if it is just to do this it is certainly
expedient, for justice is always the highest expe-
diency. But passing by for the time that maxim,
let us look at the expediency of paying these men,
not only for the future but for the past, as we pay
white troops. If we say to these black men, " We
take you on an examination as to your condition
just as rigorous as that applied to white men; we
exact from you the same service; we place you
undei the same military law; we subject you to the
same discipline; wc call upon you to put your lives
in peril, just as we call upon white men to peril
theirs; but we consider you an inferior class, and
we will not pay you as much as we pay white
men," is there any more direct way than that to
make these men greatly inferior to other men in
service, much more inferior than they would oth-
erwise be? Do we not make the fact true by this
course, however it might be: Do we not make
these men inferior by this legislation, even if they
were not so before?
Sir, I believe that all men who are called upon
to Rfii ve their country in the field, who take arms
in their hands and go into the ranks, putting life
in pel i!, all men who serve in the same grade,
should be legarded alike and should be paid alike
—that u is a most inexpedient thing to undertake
to discriminate between them, and especially on
the ground of different complexions, and say to
a man with a black skin, "You shall put yowr
life in peril for ten dollars a month but we will
give a white man thirteen dollars a month." Why
not discriminate on the diiTeience of color in the
hair as well as in the color of the skin? Is not
the one as sensible as the other? If the men are
fit for so vice they should he regarded alike,
treated alike, paid alike, and if it is just and right
to pay these men for the future as we pay whites
it is but just and right to pay them for their past
services as we pay the whites. We cannot do
the one, thatis, pay them m the future, and refuse
to pay them in the past, without an inconsist-
ency, without creating among them such dissat-
isfaction and discontent with the service that
will cortt the Government very much moro than
it will to make up their back pay. Let this be
refused to them, if they continue in service they
will continue with a dissatisfied spirit. They
will feel that you have fixed on them the mark of
inferiority. They will feel that they have not
been honestly dealt with. Most of them, credu-
lous from their previous education and character,
relying upon the assurances of men to whomthey
gave their confidence, and not relying on the law,
will consider that they lmvc been duped and de-
frauded and cheated into the service. Let that
feeling be spread abroad among fifty thousand
soldiers, (for that is about the number we have
got of this class of troops,) and who can estimate
the evil which will be produced in the armies of
the United States?
It will cost US$1,000,000, more or less, to pay
these men from the time they entered the service
up to the present time, so as to make their com-
pensation equal to that of while troops. Will
$1,000,000 compensate for the dissatisfaction, the
almost mutinous spirit which will be rife among
tluse men if you thus deny them justice? No,
sir; millions will not pay for it, and millions will
never lemove the stain of bad faith fiom the
Government if we do not pay them. It will be a
reproach and a shame to our Government.
Putting the question, therefore, cither on the
ground of justice or on the ground ot expediency,
it seems to me tins amendment should not be
made; but the resolution should be passed mak-
ing these men, so far as compensation is con-
cerned, equal with the white troops.
Mr. SUMNER. I am grateful to the Senator
from Connecticut for his admirable argument on
this question; and yet, it seems to me, if he will
jwirdon me, that even in point of law he has not
stated the ease as strongly in favor of this obliga-
tion as itmightbe stated. It may be remembeied
that when this discussion was closing the other
day I ventured to throw outsome remarks to this
effect, that there were evidently two classes of
cases: the first, where enlistments in good faith
were made under the statute of 1861; andthe sec-
ond, where the enlistments were made under the
statute of 1862.
In point of law it seems obvious, if the enlist-
ments were made in good faith under the statute
of 186] and there was no legal objection to making
those enlistments under that statute, then theXJni-
ted States are bound. If, on the contrary, they
were made under the subsequent statute, then it
is simply a question of policy and expediency
whether we shall make this payment. The whole
subject is open to discussion,"first,in the light of
sentiment, which may involve expediency and
policy; and secondly, in the light of law. I do not
propose to say anything upon it in the firstaspect
except to make one remark: that our country at
this moment can ill afford to take the responsi-
bility of refusing an act of justice to colored sol-
diers whom it has allowed to shed their blood in
its cause. The soul repudiates in advance any
such sacrifice; for sacrifice it will be, at once of
honor and of inteicst. I do not follow out this
idea; but I pass at once to the second aspect of
the question, which I called the question of law;
and there 1 differ from my learned friend fiom
Connecticut when I say that there are certain col-
oied regiments in the field who, in point of law,
are entitled to the full wages of thirteen dollars a
month.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will pardon me,
1 insisted on that fact, and said they were enlist-
ed, not under the law, but under instructions from
the Department authorizing the officers to enlist
them on the same terms that white troops were en-
listed, which would be thirteen dollars per month.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. 1 still understood
the Senator to imply that perhaps in point of law
there might be some doubt whether the Govern-
ment was liable for the thirteen dollars a month.
I propose.to carry the argumentahttle furtherthan
the Senator did, and to show by calling attention
for one moment to the statutes—not at any great
length—that under the statutes themselves the
Government is obliged to pay certain regiments
thirteen dollars a mon^h.
I begin with the Massachusetts fifty-fourth and
fifty-fifth regiments; and these may be taken as ex-
amples. I have befoie me the actual older under
winch those two regiments were raised. It is in
the following words:
•'War DrPARrMiiM, Washington City,
({January IKjo.
"Ordered, That Governor Andicw, oi Ma^a^husetts, i-1*
authorized, until (unher oideK. to raise such niinibei of
volunteci companies of anillciy for duly in tin* foits uf
and ehewheic, and sindi eorp-. of iniantiy
toi the volunteer military fecrvice, a,* he may find conven-
ient, such volunteers to ha enlisted Jo> thicc years''—
Mark, sir, if you please, the period of service;
" for three yeais"—
'• or until sooner di-'eharc^d, and. mayinclude persons of +$fii~
can descent, oiganu'.ed into <«-ep<u.ite eorp--. He will make
tlic u-jual needful icquMii'iris on Hie appiopri.Ue stall bu-
llous and oiTio<-r-< foi the piopur tian^portation. oitjamza-'
lion, supplies, subsidence, amis, < .pupmcnts, of Mich vol-
unteer*.
<• F.D WIX M. STAXTON, Secretary of War"
Now, on the face of this order, the Governor of
Massachusetts is empowered to raise certain regi-
ments in the volunteerservicoof Hie UnitedStates
for three years Underwhat statute? Under no
other statute than the statute of 1861, for it was
under that statute that the organization for three
years was authorized. If you come to the later
statute—and to that I ask particular attention—
of July 17,186:2, which contains a special provis-
ion with reference to African troops, you will find
that it is to raise troops for nine months. The
woids are as follows:
k- Src. 3. Jindbe it fuilkcr encctcd. That the President be,
and ho i- hereby, uutuouzed. in addit'on to the volunteer
toicf-. which he js now authorized b\ 1 uv to nu-e, to ac-
cept the service'; of any number ot volunteer.*, not exceed-
ing one hundred th-m^nnd. a* mtrintry, lor a peuod of nine
montiK, unh'S^ sooner diachaigcd.-'
And then, sir, in section twelve of this same
statute, the President is further empowered toem-
ploy persons of African descent. In section fif-
teen we come to the question of pay. That section
I will read:
'-dndle it further enacted. That all persons who have
been or s-'ball be hei matter cm oiled in the berviee of the Cni-
ted states. undor tin* a<U>J— j
"Under this act"—an act authorizing enroll- >
ments for nine months, not for three yeais—
'{a.hnll receive the pay and ration* now allowed by law •
to soldiers according to their respective grades: Provided,
That persons of African descent, who under this law shall be
employed, shall reeeiveten dollarspcrmonth andoneration,
three dollars of which monthly pay may be in clothing."
Mr. HOWE. What page do you read from?
Mr. SUMNER. I read from page 599, volume
twelve, of the Statutes at Large.
Now, sir, you have the question presented to
you precisely: under what statute were these en-
listments made? Were they made under the nine
months'statute, or were they made under the three
years' statute ? Look, m order to answer that ques-
tion, at the order of the War Department:
s:Ordvt C(2, That Governor Andrew, of Massachusetts, is
authorized, until further oiders, to raise such number of
volunteer companies of nitillery for duty in the forts of
Massachusetts and elsewheie, nnd such corps of infantry
for the volunteer military service, a«he may find conven-
ient, suih volunteers to be enlisted for three years or until
sooner discharged
Here are no nine months' men. There is no-
body under the second statute; but all are clearly
under the first by the plain language of the order.
And this is none the less so even if the second
statute, so far as Africans arc concerned, may be
interpreted to sanction a longer term of enlistment.
Mark well that " all jiersons who have been or
shall be enrolled in the service of the United StaUt
under this net shall receive the pay and rations
now allowed by law to soldiers," (section fifteen.)
But were not the soldiers of the fifty-fourth ana
fifty-fifth Massachusetts regiments "enrolled in
the service of the United States?" Unquestion-
ably, if troops ever were enrolled.
But it is the proviso that follows which causes
the mischief. " Persons of African descent it'/to,
under this law, skull be employed, shall receive ten
dollars," &c.
It is said that these colored soldiers were " em-
ployed." That is all. Not "enrolled;" but
" employed;" andon this distinction the promise
of Governor Andrew, in the name of the national
Government, and the honest expectations of the
soldiers, are to be set aside.
The order of the Secretary of War is for " vol-
unteer companies of artillery," also for " corps of
infantry," " to be enlisted for three years," " and
mayinclude persons of African descent." The per-
sons of African descent arc to be included in the
"corps of infantry enlisted." Such persons are
in advance declared to be enlisted men. And yet
the argument which denies them their well-earned
wa^es asserts that they are only "employed"
and not enlisted. But if they are "employed"
then are the " "corps of mfantiy " with which they
are included " employed" also.
To nie the conclusion seems irresistible, on the
face of these facts, that these troops were enrolled
or enlisted under the earlier statute. It is clear
that Governor Andrew thought so at the time;
and it is equally clear that the troops themselves
thought so at the time.
But there remains behind another question. Is
there anything in the existing legislation of this
country to prevent the enlistment of a colored
person under the statute of 1861? To that I
answer positively in the negative, and I challenge
any contradiction. There is no color in that stat-
ute. There is no color m any statute raising
troops for the Army of the United States,-nor
any color in any statute raising sailors for the
Navy of the United States. It is only in our mili-
tia statutes that you find the word " white." In
all our Army and Navy statutes there is no such
limitation. The statute of 1861, therefore, I say,
in point of law embraced all persons, whether
black or white; and it was entirely at tfie option
of the President, before the passage of the statute
of 1862, to organize or receive colored troops un-
der the statute of 1861. He hesitated to do it. 1
regretted at the time his hesitation. I thought it
was an error by which the country suffered. We
endeavored to repair that error by adopting the
amendment which was introduced by the brave
Senator from New York, who is no longer here,
[Mr. King,] which you will find in the statutes of
1863. But 1 doubt if any peison at the time, who
had given attention to the subject, supposed that
this amendment was necessary, except as an en-
couiagement to a policy which the Government
had been too slow to adopt. For myself I remem-
ber well my own feelings when I voted for it. I
accepted it as in the nature of notice to the Ad-
ministration that, in the opinion of Congress, the
time had come when colored troops must be used*
