1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2587
the House of Representatives had passed the joint
resolution of the Senate (No. 57) to amend the
charter-of the city of Washington.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
and joint resolution; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
, A bill (No. 469) extending the time for the com-
pletion of the Marquette and Ontonagon railroad
of the State of Michigan;
A bill (No. 487) to provide for the execution
of treaties between the United States and foreign
nations respecting consular jurisdiction over the
.crews of vessels of such foreign nations in the
waters and ports of the United States; and
A joint resolution (No. .83) authorizing the
President to constructa military railroad from the
valley of the Ohio to East Tennessee.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed
on the 28th instant the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 272) for the relief of Julia
A. Ames;
An act (H. R. No. 407) authorizing the estab-
lishment of ocean mail steamship service between
the United States and Brazil; and
An act (H. R. No. 432) for the relief of the
citizens of Denver, in the Territory of Colorado.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Fessenden, Mr. Cowan, and Mr. Davis the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. R. No. 192) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1865.
newsboys' home.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 484) to incorporate
' the newsboys'home, to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage. I have
been requested, inasmuch as it is very important
that this hill should pass at once, in order to in-
sure the property belonging to this company at
an early day, to ask the Senate to consideritnow.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to incorporate Joseph Henry,
J. W. Forney, Henry Beard, Sayles J. Bowen,
and A. M. G'angewer, their associates and suc-
cessors, being members of the society by paying
into its treasury the sum of two dollars annually,
or life members by paying fifty dollars at one
time, and make them a body-politic, by the name
of "The Newsboys' Home of Washington
city," for the purpose of providing lodgings,
meals, and instruction to such homeless and in-
digent boys as may properly come under the
charge of such association, to provide for them a
suitable home, bourd, clothing, and instruction,
and to bring them under Christian influence; and
by that name they are to have perpetual succes-
sion, with power to use a common seal, to sue and
bo sued, to plead and be impleaded in any court
of competent jurisdiction within the District of
Columbia, to collcctsubscriptions, make by-laws,
rules, and regulations needful for the govern-
ment of the corporation not inconsistent with the
laws of the United States; to have, hold, and re-
ceive real estate by purchase, gift, or devise; to
use, sell, or convey the same for the purposes
and benefit of thecorporation,and to choose such
officers and teachers as may be necessary, pre-
scribe their duties, and fix the rate of their com-
pensation. The officers of the association arc to
consist of a president, two vice presidents, secre-
tary, treasurer, and a board of managers, to be
composed of fifteen members, the whole to con-
stitute an executive committee, whose duty it is
to be to carry into effect the plans and purposes
for which the association was formed, all of which
officers are to be elected on the first Tuesday in
February in each year at the annual meeting of
the association, which is to be held on that day;
their successors are to be elected and hold their
offices for the term of one year, and until then-
successors shall be dulv elected. And in case of
a vacancy it is to be filled by the other members
of the executive committee.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
FREDERICK A. BEELEN.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 345) for the relief of Frederick A. Beelen,
late secretary of legation to Chili, have direct-
ed me to report it back to the Senate without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it
pass. As it only concerns a question of $166, I
think perhaps the Senate had better act upon it
now.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope not.
Mr. SUMNER. There will be no question or
debate about it. It is only a question of $166.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Frederick A. Beelen, late sec-
retary of legation to Chili, the sum of $166 66,
in full for difference in salary under the several
acts of Congress on that subject while he acted
as such secretary, before he was informed of such
reduction, and until he had full time to return to
the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL JOSEPH BAILEY.
Mr. BOOLITTLE. I desire to call up for ref-
erence a joint resolution that I laid on the table
on Saturday last.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Simply for.
reference ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to call it up and
have it referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia; but previous to doing so I
wish to make a statement in regard to it.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it will not be done if
we are going- to have a statement. *
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There can be no objection
Mr. CONNESS. The only objection I have
is the time it will consume in the morning hour.
If the Senator will move its reference without dis-
cussion, I shall have no objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose it is legitimate
in the morning hour to refer a bill or joint reso-
lution. I do not desire to occupy five minutes,
not as long as the Senator will occupy in inter-
rupting me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Wisconsin moves to postpone all prior or-
ders for the purpose of proceeding to the consid-
eration of the resolution indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the joint resolution (S. No.
60) tendering tile thanks of Congress and for the
presentation of a medal to Lieutenant Colonel
Joseph Bailey of the fourth regiment of Wiscon-
sin volunteers.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. This resolution is one pro-
viding for a vote of thanks, and that a medal be
presented to Lieuteuant Colonel Joseph Bailey.
This gentleman is from the State of Wisconsin,
and is about thirty-five years of age. He was
an engineer upon the La Crosse railroad. He
built a dam across the Wisconsin river at a point
where most engineers said such a thing was impos-
sible. He enlisted in our fourth regiment, was ap-
pointed a captain, and came outin the fourth regi-
ment to the State of Maryland. While there he
built Port Dix. Subsequently, he took charge of
one of the most important fortifications about the
city of Washington and constructed it. His regi-
ment was then ordered to New Orleans to join the
department of the Gulf, and took part m the
capture of New Orleans. While there, he built
one of the largest fortifications that have been
built since the war commenced, lie was assigned
to the nineteenth Army corps, and became one of
its chief engineers. But the crowning act per-
formed by him, which developsagenius most re-
markable, is that by which he saved the fleet of
Admiral Porter lately upon the Red river. It was
•such an act as to draw from the Admiral himself,
from General Banks, and from all who know the
facts, the most decided testimonials of their ap-
probation. I will close all I have to say by
reading an extract from what Admiral Portersays
on that subject. 1 read from his official report,
dated Mississippi squadron, fiagshipBlack Hawk,
mouth of Red river, May 16:
" Sir: I have the honor to inform you that the vessels
lately caught by low water above the falls at Alexandria
have been released from their unpleasant position. The
water had fallen so low that I had no hope or expectation
of getting the vessels out this season; and as the Army
had made arrangements to evacuate the country, I saw
nothing before me but the destruction of the best part of the
Mississippi squadron. There seems to have been an es-
pecial Providence looking out for us in providing a man
equal to the emergency. Lieutenant Colonel Bailey, act-
ing engineer of the nineteenth Army corps, proposed apian
of building a series of dams across the rocks at'tbe fails,
and raising the water high enough to let ttae vessels
pass over. This proposition looked like madness, and the
best engineers ridiculed it, but Colonel Bailey was so san-
guine of success that 1 requested General Banks to have it
done, and be entered heartily into the work. Provisions
were short and forage was almost out, and the dam was
promised to be finished in ten days, or the army would have
to leave us. I was doubtful about the time, but had no
doubt about the ultimate success if time would only per-
mit. General Banks placed at the disposal of Colonel Bai-
ley all the force he required, consisting of some three thou-
sand men and two or three hundted wagons. All the neigh-
boring steam mills were torn down for material, two or
three regiments of Maine men were set to work felling
trees, and on the second day after my arrival In Alexandria
from Grand Ecore the work had fairly begun. Trees were
falling with great rapidity; teams were moving in all di-
rections bringing in brick and stone; quarries were opened;
flat-boats were built to bring stone down from above; and
every man seemed to he working with a vigor I have sel-
dom seen equaled, while perhaps not one in fifty believed
in the success of the undertaking. These falls are abouta
mile in length, filled with rugged rocks, over which, at the
present stage of water, it seemed to be impossible to make
a channel.
" The work was commenced by running out from the left
bank of the river a tree dam, made of the bodies of very large
trees, brush, brick, and stone, cross-tied with other heavy
timber, and strengthened in every way which ingenuity
could devise. This was runout about three hundred feet into
the river; four large coal barges were then filled with brick
and sunk at the end of it. From the right bank of the river
cribs filled with stone were built out tq meet the barges.
All of which was successfullyaccomplished,notwithstand-
ing there was a current running of nine miles an lioui,
which threatened to sweep everything before it. It will
take too much time to enter into the details of this truly
wonderful work. Suffice it to say that the dam had nearly
reached completion in eight days'working time, and the
water had lisen sufficiently on the upper falls to allow the
Foi t Hindman, Osage, and Neosho to get down and be ready
to pass the dam. In another day it would have been hieh
enough to enable all the other vessels to pass the upper
falls. Unfortunately, on the morning of the 9th instant,
the pressure of water became so great that it swept away
two of the stone barges, which swung in below the dam on
one side. Seeing this unfortunate accident, I jumped on a
hor<e and rode up to where the upper vessels were anchored
and ordered the Lexington to pass the upper falls, if possi-
ble, and immediately attempt to go through the dam. I
thought f might be able to save the four vessels below, not
knowing whether the persons tfmployed on the work would
ever have the heart to renew their enterprise.
"The Lexington succeeded in getting over the upper
falls just in time, the water rapidly falling as she was pass-
ing over. She then steered directly for the opening in the
dam, through which the water was rushing so furiously that
it Bcemcd as if nothing but destruction awaited her. Thou-
sands of beating hearts looked on anxious for the result.
The silence was so great as the Lexington approached the
dam that a pin might almost be heard to fall. She entered
the gap with a full head of steam on, pitched down the
roaring torrent, tnade two or three spasmodic rolls, hung lor
a moment on the rocks below, was then swept into deep
water by the current, and rounded to safely into the bank.
Thirty thousand voices rose in one deafening cheer, and uni-
versal joy seemed to pervade the face of every man pres-
ent. The Neosho followed next, all her hatches battened
down, and every precaution taken against accident. She
did not fare as well as the Lexington, her pilot having be-
come frightened as he approached the abyss, and stopped
her engine, when I particularly ordered a full head of steam
to he carried; the result was that for a moment her hull
disappeared from sight undei the water. Every one thought
she was lost. She rose, however, swept along over the
rocks with the current, and foitunately escaped with only
one hole in her bottom, which was stopped in the course
of an hour. The Hindman and Osage both came through
beautifully, without touching a thing; and I thought if I
was only fortunate enough to get my large vessels as well
over the falls, my fleet once more would do good service on
the Mississippi. The accident to the dam, instead of dis-
heartening Colonel Bailey, only induced him to renew his
exertions after he had seen the success ot getting four ves-
sels through/'
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the further reading
of thatpaper will be dispensed with. The morn-
ing hour is of great value to us and should not
be consumed in this way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
having been objected to, the Chair will put the
question to the Senate whether the reading shall
proceed.
Mr. CONNESS. We have business of great
importance to transact in the morning hoar, and
1 hope the Senator will desist from the further
reading.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is not much left,
and besides I adopt it as a part of my speech on
the question of reference.
