566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Wil! the Senator par-
don me a moment just there?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. They were to be
treated in every respect as the volunteer troops
from Massachusetts. Will the Senator contend
that the commissioned officers of colored regi-
ments might be drawn from the colored troops
themselves, after the passage of the law of 1862?
Was not that a disparity ? Was that treating them
like other troops?
Mr. SUMNER. Of course the order is appli-
cable simply to the enlisted men; and this is my
answer to the Senator. It is not applicable to the
officers.
The letter goes on to say:
"Tile enlistment rollssigned by these men bound them to
obey the President," &c.
How?
"In pursuance of the law passed in July, 1861, calling
for volunteers."
Such was the understanding on which the en-
listment took place. It was by this lure that you
won these men to the Held of sacrifice.
I have already said too much, but before I sit
down I cannot forget that the Senator from Indi-
ana in his impetuous movement brushed against
the commonwealth of Massachusetts. I do not
remember his precise words; nor do I care to re-
member them. But he more than intimated that
there was on the part of this State something else
than a patriotic motive in pressing this obligation.
I think he said this whole effort is now to save
the payment of this extra money. Does not the
Senator know that the commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts has already provided for the puymentof
this sum, so far as its own two regiments are con-
cerned, and that those regiments have refused to
receive it ? These colored troops declare that they
wci e enlisted as soldiers of the United States, and
as such they are entitled to the pay of soldiers of
the United States from the Government of the
United States. If it be wrong to maintain their
claim then is Massachusetts wrong, then am I
wrong on this occasion. If the claim is main-
tained earnestly it is because, both in law and in
sentiment, and on every ground of policy or ex-
pediency, it commends itself to those who repre-
sent Massachusetts. And now, since this State
has been called in question, I shall not content
myself with merely giving my own opinions and
arguments, but I shall ask you to listen to her
honored Governor.
In an official message to the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts Governor Andrew has discussed this
whole question with his accustomed lucidity and
thoroughness. Here is something of what he
says:
" To my own mind, the riijht of these men under the ex-
isting statutes to the Uiwiui pay ami allowances of volun
teers ^demonstrably clear. But if it is donhttiil itwaeiecd
PVl" in nil <?!! irtoi. >lm  .. ....(I 4-_ .1. 1 '
r ; — vn'u" uiMuuuuitui it isagieeti
1 believe, in all qujrtei-, that it will be the dutvaiid the
pleasure of l,ongre*s to cmbiace an early opportunity to
prcv<n t by positive lesjit-lal ion the continuance of that doubt.
Meantime i must embrace the earliest occasion to invoke
trie Logii-lafuje of Massachusetts to lender justice to the
men ot these regiments beyond the possibility of a doubt
by the appropriation of the needful means out of our own
trea.siuy until the national Congress or the Executive De-
pal tment shall correct the error."
I he Governor, after considering some details
of the argument, proceed.? as follows;
" I think there can be no pioposition of J,uv more clear
than this, namely: that colored men me competent to be en-
listed into the regular Aimy of the United State*. mto the
volunteer army ot the United States, into the Navy of the
service tes' an<1 t0 l)e cniPIoyeil *n anj aim of either
"The military enlistment law of 1814 required only that
the recruit sbail be a Mice, effective, able-bodied man.
between the ascs ot eighteen and fifty ve.ii>>.' (Sec act of
December 10,1814.) It did not require a man to be under
forty-five nor a citizen, nor white, m which three respects
it differs trom the old militia act. The naval act of 1S13
is not the less cleat."
Such is the statement of the Governor on this
question in point of law. At the time these regi-
ments were mustered mto the service he believed
that he was acting legally under the statutes of
the United States. He so instructed these men
and these men naturally believed him and gave
themselves generously, nobly, beautifully to the
public service. Will the country now disown
them? Will the country now fasten a ban upon
them, and lead them to say in their hearts that
they have been dupedr
Mi\ DOOLITTLE. I do not know whether
this joint resolution will be disposed of to-night;
but I have drawn two amendments in the shape of
provisos that if adopted wiil put it precisely on
the ground that the Governmentmay keep its faith
entire: that where a promise has been given under
the authority of the War Department, and the
Secretary of War shall be satisfied of that fact,
they shall be paid according to the rate of thirteen
dollars a month, and also a provision which
would provide for a large class of cases arising in
the insurrectionary districts where these men,
women, and children all come in together*«pon
our hands.
Mr. SUMNER. Be good enough to read it, if
you please.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will read my proposed
amendments in order that they maybe printed if
the resolution goes over until to-morrow, or if
they meet the views of the Senate that they may
be acted on to-night. To meet those cases which
have been referred to by the honorable Senators
from Massachusetts I propose this proviso:
Providedj That in all cases where, under the authority
of the War Department or the order of the War Depart-
ment, the Secretaiy of War shall be satisfied that ^uchper-
sons of color have been heretofore mustered into the ser-
vice upon a promise to pay them at a rate of thirteen dol-
lars per month, the same shall be paid at that rate for such
services heretofore rendered by such persons.
Mr. SUMNER. That is identical with the
proposition I have already proposed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And the other proviso is
this: r
And providedfurther, That from the monthly pay of every
such soldier mustered into the t=eivice m the States or parts
ot States where by the proclamation of the President the
insurrection exists, there &liull be reserved the sum of
dollais—
It has been suggested by some friends that the
sum be made four dollars—
per month for the purpose of reimbursing the expenses
mcmred by the United States in feeding nnd clothing the :
women and childien ot'color m said States or districts.
I believe these two provisos would disentangle
the bill, and I send them to the Chair. °
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think there is any
chance of terminating this measure to-night, and
I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask that those amend-
ments which I propose to offer to-morrow be
printed.
The order to print was made.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw my motion, as I
understand an executive session is desired for a
short time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. CONNE8S. As I offered the amendment,
and as the proposition contained in ithas been as-
sailed, as I think very unjustly and very ungen-
erously, by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner,] in at least half a dozen speeches, I de-
sire to say something on the subject before the
vote shall be taken. At present 1 am not at all
attached to the proposition I have made, and if
any other shall be made by any other Senator
that will mete out justice to the country and to
the colored troops together, 1 shall be prepared
to accept it, but I am not prepared to listen to the
mode of discussion indulged in by the Senator
from Massachusetts without having an opportu-
nity to say a few words ill reply. Therefore I
move now that the Senate go into executive ses-
sion.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 10, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Praver
by Rev. Dr. Presley.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
PLATTSBURG COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from New York from the Plattsburgdistrict
introduced a bill to change the location of a custom-
house m his district, which was recommended by
the Secretary of the Treasury. The bill also pro-
vided for an increase of the salary of the collector.
To that the Committee on Commerce were un-
willing to agree, but they have instructed me to
report a bill for the change of location of the dus-
 February 10,
tom-house, and I ask unanimous consent to re
port it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin has no particular interest in
the matter, and I hope he will withdraw his ob-
jection.
The objection was not withdrawn.
ccsTOM-norrsE investigations.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer a resolution
to which I am sure no gentleman will object when
he hears it. It is in these terms:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to communicate to this House the reports made by the So-
licitor of the Treasury on the investigations made by him
in New York into the conduct of prize business, the man-
agement of the custom-house and public stores, and the
manner of taking bonds for goods shipppd to certain inter-
dicted foreign ports, with copies of all the testimony taken
by him 111 each of these three several branches.
Mr. HULBURD. I object.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I desire to state
that this resolution was especially designed for
the committee of which my colleague is chairman.
personal explanation.
Mr. BOYD. I ask, with all the kindness of
my heart, unanimous consent of the House, as a
question of privilege or a privileged question, to
make a personal explanation.
Mr. COX. I demand the regular order of
business.
Mr. BOYD. In the printed remarks of my col-
league [Mr. Blair] there is a paragraph which
relates to myself in a manner that requires me to
notice it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I must object to anything
that interferes with the progress of the enroll-
ment bill.
vote on confiscation bill.
Mr. SWEAT. On account of sickness of my-
self and of my family last week it was impossible
for me to be present to vote upon the confiscation
bill. I ask the consentofthe House to recoid my
vote. J
Mr. STEVENS objected.
Mr. SWEAT. I will state that had I been here
I would have voted against the bill.
BUREAU OF FREEDMEN's AFFAIRS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
having been called for, the call of committees for
reports is in order. Under that call the first busi-
ness in order is the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 51) to es'tablish a Bureau of Freedmen's Af-
fairs, which was reported back with amendments
from the select committee on emancipation on the
13th of January last, and postponed to Wednes-
day, January 20. It comes upas the first undis-
posed-of bill reported from a committee.
Mr. ELIOT. I send to the Clerk's desk an
amendment, which I offer as a substitute for the
bill.
The bill was read in eztenso.
taWe""' ^^MAN. I move to lay the bill on the
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is upon the floor.
Mr. COX. I move to refer the bill to the Com-
mi"pe 'lie Whole on the state of the Union.
I he SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot make
that motion, as he has not the floor for that pur-
pose. The Chair would state that when reports
from committees are in order, the reports of com-
mittees undisposed of come up first as unfinished
business.
KAkBFLEISCH. Will the gentleman
yield to me a moment?
deffres.ELI°T' ' henr what Ule Sentlema"
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I desire to say that
a "V"01'"? re!?ort upon this subject which
has not yet been seen by members of the House,
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot yield for that purpose
^htminT> 7 reR°rt be-en pnmed for u fnrt"
mght, and been in possession of every member
iu I Wh° fclt disP°sed to see it.
Mr. Speaker, in introducing this bill I bespeak
at ten Ho6 °f th° House> and invoke their
attention to the arguments constraining us to its
with tLThT' il 98 n0t my wish 10 interfei'e
with the debate so long as n shall seem necessary
