1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
to illustrate its provisions or to show its demerits
or its worth. If it cannot stand discussion it
ought to fail. But a fair and free argument will
bring to an affirmative vote upon the passage ot
the bill a large majority of those who are willing
to legislate in view of the great facts which exist
in our country, rather than in sightalone of party
questions and differences of judgment as to the
policy which has resulted in producing those
facts.
In December, 1860, the Legislature of South
Carolinaenacted her ordinance of secession. The
evil example of that traitor State was followed by
the independent action of other States, and the
rebel confederacy was organized. Its object was
to destroy this Union and to build upon its ruins
anothergovernmentto be known as thegreatslave
Power of the century. The first act of war was
committed in April, 1861. On the 15th of April the
President made his proclamation callingforseven-
ty-five thousand men and summoning both Houses
of Congress in extra session. The Thirty-Seventh
Congress assembled on the 4th of July, 1861. On
the 6th of August an act was passed " to confis-
cate property used forinsurrcctionary purposes."
The fourth section of that act provided that when
persons " claimed to be held to labor or service"
were required or permitted to take up arms against
the United States, or to work or be employed in
military service against the United States, the
person who claimed such labor or service should
forfeit his right thereto. It was a gentle act, but
it was the beginning of a good work. By virtue
of its provisions many thousands of slaves have
been made free. At the second session of that
Congress I had the honor to report from the select
committee a confiscation bill, and after full debate
the bi ll, as amended in committee of conference,
was finally passed. By the ninth section of that
act it was provided that slaves of rebels escaping
within our lines or captured from them ordesorted
by them and coming under our control, or found
within any place occupied by rebel forces and af-
terwards by our own forces, should be deemed
captives of war and forever freed from slavery.
On the 1st of January, 1863, the President, as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy m
time of armed rebellion', and as a fit and necessary
war measure for suppressing the lebellion, de-
clared Aee all persons held as slaves in ceitain
specified States and districts. In his proclama-
tion the President recommended to those people
so declared free to abstain from all violence unless
in necessary self-defense, and advised them to la-
bor faithfully for reasonable wages. And upon
that great act, which the President sincerely be-
lieved to be an act of justice warranted by the
Constitution upon military necessity, he "invoked
the considerate judgment of mankind and the gen-
erous favor of Almighty God."
The immediate effect of such legislation and of
the proclamation of the President was to bring
umler the control of our Government from rebel
States, and in distiicts conquered by our arms,
large multitudes of freedmen who had ceased to
be slaves but had not learned how to be free.
On the 19th of January, 1863, 1 introduced a
bill to establish a Bureau of Emancipation. It
was referred to a select committee, but for want
of time was not reported by them to the House.
That bill, again introduced at this session, and
made more efficient in the light of a year's ex-
perience, is now before us. Its provisions have
been carefully examined in committee, and I will
endeavor to explain them and the necessity of this
legislation, its object, and its expected benefits to
the freedmen and to ourselves.
The question is not now Whether Mr. Lincoln
was correct as a statesman when he declared that
his proclamation was " warranted by the Con-
stitution upon military necessity." The ques-
tion is not now whether Congress did or did not
transcend its poweis in August, 18G1, or in July,
1862. Upon those questions we have all arrived
at a judgment. Dining the debate upon the con-
fiscation act they were fully discussed; and what-
ever our judgment may be, a great fact now exists
which we must recognize, and which cries out to
us for'legislation. By reason of that proclama-
tion and of our past legislation and of the suc-
cesses which have been achieved by our armies
under their valiant generals, three million persons
held as slaves have become and are becoming in
fact free.
By the census of 1860the following slave pop-
ulation is found to have been in the rebel States:
Alabama     435,080
Arkansas  1111115
Florida  61,745
Georgia  469,198
Louisiana  331,726
Mississippi....  436,631
Noith Cuioluia  331.059
South Cniol.na  400^406
Ten nessce   275,7] 0
Texas  182,566
    490,865
Vngmia.
Slaves  3,521,110
Deduct the slaves in Tennessee, to wit. .275,719
And estimate the excepted portions of
Louisiana and Virginia at 245,391
  521.110
And there will remain affected by the terms of
the proclamation ^  3,000,000
When Mr. Lincoln declared thatt{ all persons
held as slaves within the designated districts"
arc mid henceforward shall be free, he did an act
as Commander-in-Chief which was irrevocable.
Whatever rights it conferred cannot be withdrawn.
He may, as Commander-in-Chief, strike off the
chain, but he cannot in any capacity, as chieftain
or as President, make of a freedman a slave. And
we know that Mr. Lincoln so holds the law to be.
And as his heart was in that great proclamation
of freedom, so his nuiturcdjudgmentrests upon it
firmly content. In his message to the present
Congress he says, u While I remain in my pres-
ent position I shall not attempt to retract or mod-
ify the emancipation proclamation; nor shall 1
return to slavery any pcison who is free by the
terms of that proclamation or by any of the acts
of Congress." Shortly after that proclamation
was made 1 had an interview with the President,
and he then said, " I think that pioclamation will
not of itself effect the good which you anticipate, \
nor will it do the mischief which its opponents j
predict." But lie " builded better than he knew."
That act was the great act of his life. It has be- {
come gi cater daily in the judgment of the world, i
and in the ages that arc to come it will be the ,
corner-stone of his immortal fame. Never before ;
had such opportunity been given to man. For
one I reverently recognize the hand of God. He 1
created the occasion, and His seivant obeyed the j
divine command which it involved, |
But Mr. Lincoln's pioclamation cannot effect i
the good it contemplated unless, lirst, it be vindi-
cated and made effective by military success, and,^
secondly,byappropiiatelegtslation. Theshackles j
have been loosened from the slave, but defeated ,
armies would leave the conquerors free to weld j
them on again with bolts that could not be stricken
off. Mr. Lincoln referred to this possibility in
his recent annual message. "It was all the while
deemed possible," he says, "that the necessity for
it might come;" that is to say, the necessity of
emancipation as a military measu^i "and that,
if it should, the crisis of the contest would then be
presented. It came, and as was anticipated it
was followed by dark and doubtful days. Eleven
months having now passed, we are permuted to
take another review. The rebel borders are
pressed still further back, and by the complete
opening of the Mississippi the country dominated
by the rebellion is divided into distinct parts, with
no practical communication between them." The
successes which our Union armies have achieved
during the past year have been undisturbed by any
failuie lhat can cast a shadow upon the bright cer-
tainty of final triumph. In the graveyard at Get-
tysburg the rebel hopes of victory on northern soil
were buried. The stricken hosts of Lee's army will
not revisit those fields of blood, where the unlaid
ghosts of rebel traitors would taunt them with
their defeat. Upon theMississippi, when Vicks-
biug fell befoie the consummate genius of Grant
and the heroism of his officeisand men, and when
the keys of Port Hudson were yielded to Banks
by hands unwilling to surrender but impotent to
resist, a free highway was again thrown open, di-
viding the region where treason had prevailed and
breaking its strength in twain, while it drew to-
gether again the North and the loyal South by that
bond of living waters which God from the beginning
had established. All honor to those men, heroes
all of them, in those great battles which crushed
the hopes of rebel leaders in the East,and*northern
traitors, their allies and true friends, and have
scaled our assurance of ultimate success. At every
step made by our armies upon southern soil freed-
men have come within ouractual control,and have
sought to prove their allegiance and to receive pro-
tection.. The President tells us that—
"Of those who were slaves at the beginning of the re-
bellion full one hundred thousand are now in the United.
Statps miUtaiy service, about one half of which number
actually bear arms in the lanks, thus giving the double ad-
vantage of taking so much labor from the insurgent causae
and supplying the places which otherwise mustbe^Uftd
with so many white men. So far as tested, it is difficult to
say they are not as good soldiers as any. No servile in-
surrection or tendency to violence or cruelty has marked
the measures of emancipation and arming the blacks.
Those measures have been much discussed in foreign coun-
tries, and contemporary with such discussion the tone of
public sentiment there is much improved. At home the
same measures have been fully discussed, supported, criti-
cised, and denounced, and tiie annual elections following
are highly encouiaging to those whose official duty It is to
bear the countiy through this* great trial. Tiius wc have
the new reckoning. The crisis which threatened to divide
the friends of the Union is past."
Mr. Speaker, the President refers to the one
hundred thousand men who were slaves aod are
now free and in our service. But three times that
number would not more than state the aggregate
of those who were slaves at the beginning of the
rebellion and are now under the protection of our
Government. In November, 1862, a committee
of Friends, or Quakers, under appointment from
the New York Yearly Meeting, visited Washing-
ton, Alexandria, Fort Monroe, Hampton, Nor-
folk, and Craney island, to investigate the con-
dition and wants of colored refugees. At that time,
before the military proclamation ofthe Command-
er-in-Chief, there were in and around Washing-
ton about six thousand refugees, at Alexandria
twelve hundred and thirty, at Fort Monroe,
Hampton,FortNorfolk, Craney island,and Nor-
folk, six thousand and fifty-four,and many others,
whose numbers they could not then ascertain, at
Yorktown, Suffolk, and Portsmouth; that is to
say, at that eaily day within this territory there
were known to be thirteen thousand two hundred
and eighty of these freedmen who wanted work
and wages. This commission issued ffom the
New York Yearly Meeting of Friends was one of
the pioneer missions in this great work. The re-
port of William Cromwell and Benjamin Tatham
is full of interesting facts and of sound practical
suggestions.
The destitution of these people, their suffering
from neglect and disease, their willingness and
ability to wor&Q their wages promised and earned
and half paid, and the ascertained value of their
labor to the Government beyond the whole ex-
pense involved, are stated in brief and plain lan-
guage, without exaggeration, and with no harsh
comment. Before this action by the New York
Yearly Meeting, associations had been initiated
in several places by humane men,who contributed
ficefy both time and money in this work; ascer-
taining facts by personal investigation, and work-
ing with the Government so far as they might to
relieve, to educate, and to employ those freedmen
of the South. The educational commission -of
Boston, the national frcedmen's relief association
of New York, the Port Royal relief committee of
Philadelphia, had been organized and were ac-
tively at work.
Mr. Edwaid L. Peirce, under instructions from
the Secretary of the Treasury, before the super-
vision of affairs at Port Royal was transferred
from the Treasury to the War Department, went
to Port Royal and examined and reported on the
condition of the freedmen and on their self-sus-
taining ability when aided in their early efforts
by the Government that had made them free. Hia
earnest labors, aided by the associations of New
York, Philadelphia, and Boston, and his admira-
ble reports to Mr. Chase, whose personal and offi-
cial caie have been given heartily to freedmen aa
well as to finance, have furnished to the committee
information of the highest practical character and
value. The friends of emancipation in the West
have contributed their proportion of money and
labor to ascertain the condition of the freedmen
upon the Mississippi and to give them the wel-
come and protecting hand which their untried
freedom might require. The contraband relief
commission of Cincinnati, Ohio, has recently ap-
pointed a committee to suggest a plan for the
benefit of freedmen and for the occupation of the
lands from which white traitors had fled and on
which loyal black men lived. In an able report
made by George Graham and John W. Hartwell
