.1804.
THE GCL\TGRESSIO jSi Alii GLOBS.
1MB
val Affairs have examined the subject, of coursc
1 have nothing to say.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill tu be read a third time. It was read the
third time, and passed. On motion of Mr. Fes-
senden, the tit!e was amended by adding " and
for other purposes."
LOSS OF THE BAINBRIDGE.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone the prior
orders, and take up House bill No. 297, fixing the
date of the loss of the brig Bainbridge.
The motion was agreed to; and the bilI(H.R.
No. 297) fixing the date of the loss of the United
States brig Bainbridge and for the relief of the offi-
cers, seamen; and marines of the same, and for
other purposes,was considered as m Committee of
the Whole. For the purpose offixingthe time at
which shall commence the pensions, under exist-
ing laws, of the widows and orphan children of
the officers, seamen, marines, and others in ser-
vice who were lost in the United States brig Bain-
biidge,as well ftsthetime to which their pay shall
be allowed, the bill provides that the 2Ist*day of
August, 1863, shall be deemed and taken to be
the day on which the brig Bainbridge foundered
at sea. It isLfurther provided that the widow or
child or children, and m case there shall be no
widow or child or children then the parent or pa-
rents, and if there be no parents, the brotheisand
sisters of the officers,seamen, marines, and others
in service who were lost in the Bainbridge, shall
be entitled to a sum equal to twelve months'pav
of their respective deceased relations, in addition
to the pay due to the deceased at the date of the
loss of the vessel. The bill also directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle the
accounts o.f Charles C. Walden, late acting assist-
antpaymasterin the Navy,who waslostin the brig
Bainbridge with all his accounts and voucheis for
expenditures and paymentmade by him, and with
all the money, stores, and supplies procured for
the uye of the vessel, and to allow him a credit
for whatever sum appeals to be due from him on
the books of the Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SALE OF A LOT AT SACKKTT'S HARBOR.
Mr. HALE. I move now to proceed to the
consideration of the joint tesolution (11. II. No.
54) authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to sell
at public auction lot No. 13 in the village of
Sackett's Ilarbor, New Yoik.
The motion was agieed to, and the joint res-
olution was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It authorizes the sale of the lot, as it is
not wanted by the United States.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a thiid reading, lead the third time,
and passed.
L&S OF Till1: ii.-VRON DE KALI!.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the joint resolution
(S. No. 35) to compensate the saiiois on the
gunboat Bu'on de Kalf> for loss of clothing was
considered as m Committee of the Whole. H
pioposes to authorize the proper accounting offi-
ce) s of thy Tieasury, in settling the accounts of the
petty officers, seamen, sailor, and olheis of the
ciew of the United States gunboat Baron de Kalb,
to allow to each a sum not exceeding fifty dol-
lars as a remuneration for the damage they may
have sustained in the loss of their clothing by
the destruction of the vessel.
Mr. CHANDLER.. 1 desire toask the chair-
man of the Committee on Navai Affairs if it has
been the practice of the Navy Department to
make allowances for clothing lost in this way.
Mr. HALE. It has not been the habit of the
Navy Depaitment to make such allowances; but
u has been the habit of Congress to appropriate
the money m such cases. The amount appro-
pri.ited in this resolution is the amount that was
fixed last year.
Mr. CIIANOLER. I will remark that the
Committee on Commerce have had under con-
sideration a similar application from the men on
board a revenue cutter which was seized by the
rebels, and rejected it on principle.
Mr. HALE. Congress have passed several of
these resolutions at tins session appropriating
money to pay for clothing lost by the destruction
of the vessel, not exceeding fifty dollars to each
sailor.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me say to the-Senator
from Michigan that it has been the settled prac-
tice of the Government ever since we have had
a Navy to make these allowances, not to the offi-
cers, for we never pay them anything of the kind,
but to the petty officers and seamen .who are not
considered as responsible for the loss of the ves-
sel in consequence of defective nagivation, or
anything of that kind.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then we made an error
in our committee on the subject.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I should like to know
something about the circumstances under which
this loss took place. I know that there has been
some objection to allowing payment for losses
under somewhat similar circumstances, and 1
know it is the understanding of the Departments
that such allowances cannot be made. I have
personal knowledge that that is the understand-
ing; but I do not know how far it extends. I
recollect one case since I have been here where
there was an allowance made to the sailors on
board the Varuna, which was sunk in the attack
upon New Orleans, and under very peculiar cir-
cumstances, in the midstof the fight. There was
an allowance made in that case to persons who
were not in commission, the ordinary sailors.
But there is a rule existing here somewhere, and
I have heard it distinctly from one of the De-
partments, that at least so far as the revenue cutter
service is concerned, such allowances are not
proper, and I have understood that the reason
why it is considered improper is that it tends to
encourage caiolessncss and indifference to the
public service.
I have no knowledge of this particular case, but
if the circumstances are such as clearly to show
that these persons were engaged and exerting
themselves in the line of their duty, and that this
loss arose from no neglect or inefficiency of service
on their part, there might be some reason for the
passage of the joint resolution; but it is very im-
portant, 1 should think, that every person on ship-
board as well as on land should be held respons-
ible himself individually for the loss of his cloth-
ing and his aims and aceoutei ments. Why not
apply the principle to the soldiers who lose their
arms upon the field of battle, and who cast away
their knapsacks in the midst of the fight? Why
not allow them for the loss of those arms, with
which I understand they stand charged when the
captain comes to settle with the War Department
fox the affairs of his company? Why should not
soldiers in the field of battle who unexposed to
as much danger and as much hardship as sailois
on shipboard, be relieved fiom the consequences
of losses under such circumstances? It seems to
me that the two stand upon the same principle,
and if theie is any difference whatever between
; the character of the service rendered dining the
last two orthree years, the services of those upon
| land have been much moie arduous and attended
' with much mote danger to life and limb than sor-
'< vice on shipboaid; at all events to a much greater
I extent so far as numbers are concerned,
i I make this inquiry for the purpose of being
i satisfied on (he subject, because i have under-
1 stood that the contraiy practice from that indi-
| cated in this resolution prevails. I recollect but
i one case of an allowance of this kind, and that
! was the case I have before stated of the Varuna,
| commanded by Captain Boggs, which was sunk
! at New Orleans.
! Mr. HALE. The Senator is altogether mis-
i taken. We have at this session, within a very
1 few days, made an appropriation of this kind in
! the case of two vessels wheie the act was passed
i at the last Congtess, but by inadvertence without
I making an appropi iation of the money. As was
! suggested by the Senator from Iowa, it has been
I the "practice of dip Government always to make
i these appropriations, and i do not know how
j many of them have been made since I have been
! a member of the Senate, but certainly there have
j been a great many. No such allowance is ever
! made to the officers, because the responsibility is
! imposed on the officers of conducting the vessel
I properly; but when the sailorslose their clothing
| by the loss or destruction of the vessel, it has
been the habitofCoftgress^o-remunerate'-themto'
an amount such as -we-p^opose to'ailow^here.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 will say a word abdut this
matter, because the Senator from NewJersey ha&
inquired as to the circumstances of this parties
lar case of the sinking of the-Baron-de Italb. It
so happens that I know something about-the his-
tory of that Yessel, and know thernan whocom-
manded her at the time she was bitfwn up. -I
shall not speak of him particularly, beeause.he-ifi
a townsman and relative of mine. She*was the
original St. Louis, and was rechristened the-Baron
de Kalb, composing a part-of Foote's fleet, then
of Davis's, and then of Porter's. She'was-a ves-
sel that lay within'sixty yards of the embrasures
of Fort Iiindman,and if anybody wains to know
how she was managed then, when she was under
the command of -the same officer who commanded
her when she was blown up, he can refer to the
report of Admiral Porter. She was-then sent up
the Yazoo river, and on the third expedition she
made up there she passed over a torpedoand was
entirely blown up, completely destroyed. There
was no allegation of any want of good seaman-
ship or of proper conduct on the part of any of
the officers or men on board. The men lost ev-
erything they had; I believe they recovered noth-
ing, and so of the officers; but it has never been
the policy of the Government to allow the offi-
cers anything in such cases, whether of the line
or of the staff, because they are considered as be-
ing responsible for the management, and even if
ai° accident befalls them, as in this case, which
was unavoidable, which they could not have fore-
seen,! know of no case in which an officer has
been paid; but to the men, who generally have
their all embarked in the little kit they have on
board, it has been the practice of the Government
to pay the sum of fifty dollars each. I remember
that the first winter 1 was here,five years ago, my
attention was called to it. The Government lost
a sloop-of-war in the Pacific—her name does not
occur to me at this time—and we made the allow-
ance in that case, and similar allowances have
been made frequently since. It was made to the
sailors of the Cumberland and the Congress and
the monitor Ericsson, and all the "vessels that
have gone down. I cannot say what the rule is
.in the revenue marine; I have never had my at-
tention called to that.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Before the Senator takes
his seat, I wish to ask him if he knows the reason
of the distinction between the case of those who
are on shipboard in the naval service of the United
States and those privates who are in the military
service of- the country on land? Why should a
soldier, who, as I understand, is not only charged
with his knapsack and with his gun, that may be
lo^t in battle, but who is charged with any cloth-
ing that he may have lost in the midst Of battle,
not be remunerated as well as a sailor?
Mr. GRIMES. For the same reason that-we
do not pay officers of the Navy. We do not
pay an officer when a vessel is lost for his cloth-
ing, because ho is held responsible for the vessel
a net responsible for his own property. The' sol-
dier on land is responsible for his own garments
and his own gun, and every thing that he has; but
on shipboard,-when everything goes down, and
the responsibility as we consider rests with,the
commander of the vessel or his immediate subor-
dinates who hold commissions, surely the com-
mon sailor who suffers ought not to be held respon-
sible.
Mr. CHANDLER. As I am informed by
military men, it is customary for soldiers before
going into battle to do what they call "strip for
action;" they throw off their blankets, their
knapsacks, m fact all their incumbrances except
perhaps their haversack and the cartridge-box
and musket. In case of defeat and disaster, cer-
tainly the common soldier is not responsible for
that defeat. Iam told that frequently our soldiets
lose almost everything they have, and yet they
are not paid for it. I ask the Senator from Iowa
if he can see any reason why a soldier losing his
clothing in consequence of a defeat, or in conse-
quence of being compelled to strip for action,
should not be paid as well as a sailor.
Mr. GRIMES. It is altogether voluntary with
the soldier whether he strips Or not. It is per-
fectly involuntary with the sailor; he cannot pre-
vent the ship from going down. We place the
