2590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
of taxation upon the State banks that it does not
upon national banks.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Indeed it does. Ittaxes
all their business except what is based upon the
circulation furnished by the Fe'deral Government,
and makes a distinction all the way through. It is
not wise atanytime suddenly to uproot long-estab-
lished institutions and long-established business
relations. I will take New England as an illustra-
tion. I suppose there is not a village of any con-
siderable size or a manufacturing town in New
England without its bank that lias done for many
years and is now doing the business of the neigh-
borhood. It is now proposed that the Federal
power shall legislate them all out of existence,
with all their relations, their place to be sup-
plied by organizations to be framed under theau-
thority of the Federal Government without any
basis except the basis of bonds, those bonds irre-
deemable, and the currency issued by the Gov-
ernment and furnished by it to the banks irre-
deemable.
It would be well to consider for wlmt all this
change is to be made, for what cause all the rela-
tions of business, of money to industry, of money
to trade throughout the greater part of this coun-
try are to be changed in this way. Why is this
war to be made? And let me say that I think this
war made upon $170,000,000 of bank circulation
may prove quite as mischievous a war as that
which is now waged upon us from the South, for
this is to be a war of the North upon the North,
and a moneyed war is sometimes as disastrous
as the war of arms. It is a war made in order
that a banking system organized under the au-
spices of tiie Secretary of the Treasury may be
established throughout all parts of this Union, a
banking system to radiate from this center, to
commence with §300,000,000 of capital, capable
of indefinite expansion. It can be extended just
as our legal-tender notes have been extended.
When the first application for legal-tender notes
was made to Congress by the Secretary of the
Treasury, it was said that what was then re-
quired would be all that would be required, that
more could not be safely placed in circulation and
more would not be demanded; but since then that
sum has been quadrupled, and $300,000,000 nrc
now asked to organize a system of national banks.
They say they want facilities for the Government.
Next year, wanting more, they may ask for
$600,000,000 uf bank facilities, ami the next year
after that we shall look fearlessly upon a circula-
tion of $1,200,000,000.
The greatest mischief of this war upon the lo-
cal circulation of the State banks is the character
of the substitution. It was thought, and 1 think
it was wisely thought by one of our former Pres-
idents, a man of infinite sagacity, that a bank of
$30,000,000—not a mere Government bank, but
having capital of its own and to which the Gov-
ernment was a party—that that single bank of
$30,000,000, with its branches in the various
States, was dangerous to the integrity of the
Union—was dangerous at least to tho proper ad-
ministration of a free republican Government;
and why dangerous? Among other things, for
the reason that in every State they were able to
secure by employment the young growing talent
of the States and bind it to the interests of the
|30,000,000 mammoth institution. Thefirst talent
of the North and the East and the South and
the West became allied to the institution with
$30,000,000 of capital, and that alarmed a saga-
cious President, and alarmed the American peo-
ple. Here we propose at the outset to multiply
the thirty by ten, and not making a regular bank-
ing institution as the old institution was, embrac-
ing a majority of private capital, but a system of
banks located in every town and village through-
out the country, distributing from this center to
them $300,000,000 of circulation, and every one
e lJles® banks under the power of the Secretary
of the Treasury and the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency. I should like to ask Senators if they have
looked carefully to see the power that is vested
here with the Comptroller of the Currency.
Mr. FESSfciNDkN. Permit me to suggest to
the Senator that ail those questions were proper
to be answered perhaps upon the bill for estab-
lishing these banks, but this is a mere provision
for taxing State banks.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand that quite
well, if the Senator pleases; butl suppose 1 have
the right to reason that the cause for this change
suggested by the Senator from Ohio is that the
State banks are to be driven out of existence that
their place may be supplied by national banks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wasnotinterfering with
the Senator's reasoning. He was asking a ques-
tion of Senators.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask them whether they
are advised of the power that has been conferred
on the Comptroller of the Currency. I am in-
quiring into the character of these institutions for
which, and on account of which, the State banks
are to be driven out of existence. I do not pro-
fess myself to favor either of them as an original
question. If we had no banks of circulation in
the country I should oppose them everywhere.
1 trust it will never be a necessity on my part to
oppose banks of circulation in California, for I
think the time will never come when they will be
supposed to be needed jthere. I choose now to
remark on the character of the system which is
to take the place of the State banks. The Comp-
troller of the Currency at Washington hag the
authority of a chancellor, one of the highest
judges of our courts, and may by his ipse dixit
close up any one or all these banks. He may re-
quire them at any time by his own word or or-
der to file additional bonds. He may appoint a
receiver and take charge of all their assets. He
has perfect power here at Washington to pull the
strings upon every moneyed interest. This sys-
tem is to aggregate all the active capital of the
country, and it is to be held here at one man's
power. I say that under this system, which has
been devised by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and has received the sanction of Congress, when
it shall be inaugurated and in full force, if it is
permitted to be thus organized and put into full
force, it will possess a power that will relieve
Senators from the responsibility of office, and it
will relieve members of the House of Represent-
atives from the responsibility of canvass. We
shall then lmve members of Congress and Sen-
ators and Piesiilents made by a moneyocracy
more potential than the word or ukase of the c/.ar.
These things have not been sufficiently looked to.
Of all powers that can bo made the governing
powers of a country, thereis nothing bite thecoii-
centrated moneyed interest of a country. Before
them will have to yield our manufacturing inter-
est; before them will have to yield our agricul-
tural interest; before them will have to yield and
bend our commercial interest. Legislation will
be controlled by them as their interest may dic-
tate. That this is true is as patent as the words
1 sec before me in the bill that lies upon my desk.
How many banks will spring up under this
system, suppose they go along as the Secretary
of the Treasury anticipates? A thousand, per-
chance; there will be four or five banks for every
member tff Congress, and twenty-five or thirty
for every Senator. Their business belongs here
by virtue of your law, and they will be appealing
to the legislation of the Federal Government to
change the law to promote their interests, to favor
them in the machinery of their operation, the ex-
tension of their business, the regulation of the
rates of interest. There will be a thousand other
things before Congress affecting them pro and
con., as they may relate to merchandise, trade,
and manufactures, or to commerce abroad.
I would, if I had been in my seat, have urged
all these reasons primarily against the bill which
we have already passed establishing this banking
system; but the argument is as pertinent here
against this centralizing power. Your bill de-
signs to cc'ntralize all power in the Government
here at Washington and in the Treasury Depart-
mentof that Government; and now, in aid of that
centralization it is proposed to drive out of exist-
ence all the institutions in the United States es-
tablished by State authority that furnish banking
facilities, so that these new banks may have the
field alone. That is one of the means to extin-
guish the States. There is a strong disposition,
1 know, on the part of many Senators to extin-
guish all the boundaries of the States and to es-
tablish here a ccntral Government. Everyone
who has read history and has profited by the
teachings of her greatest masters of political
science, knows and understands that a single con-
solidated republic cannot exist over such an im-
mense area. It was never attempted in ancient
or modern times. Montesquieu, who is one of
the ablest writers on th,e subject of free Govern-
ment, and a friend of free Government, lays it
down as a rule that republican institutions can-
not be maintained over a vast extent of country
except by the combination, the concentration, and
affiliation of, to a-certain extent, independent
Governments; that only in that way can they
maintain sufficient vitality at their centers and
sufficient strength to unite and continue the Gov-
ernment of a largely extended territory. All his-
tory has taught this lesson. Our fathers under-
stood it when they-established the Constitution
under which we now pretend to live. This is a
movement to obliterate the boundaries and de-
stroy the vitality of the States, which, on the
other hand, should be cultivated.
There is not vital force enough in this country
by honest and free means and the free expression
of a free people, to handle all the intricacies of
trade, commerce, business, exchanges, currency
from here to the extremest parts of the country.
What here do you know about the region in
which I live? I am compelled to say that the
Senate and House of Representatives, with very
few marked exceptions, are profoundly ignorant
about every one of our particular and general ne-
cessities; and when measures involving ourintcr-
ests come before Congress, what is affirmed by
the representatives of our coast has to be taken
on trust, or otherwise it is ignored,and what they
ask for, and ask for justly, is often denied them.
Sir, while we are laboring under our great ca-
lamities and while making a united struggle to put
down hostile arms in rebellion, we must not for-
get that yet under our system, a necessary anil a
politic system, we must have St^jes, and States
within their spheres independent, just as well as
the national Government within its sphere is in-
dependent. This attempt here to go out beyond
the legitimate sphere ofGovernmentto control the
money business of every neighborhood through-
out the whole Republic is in violation of the fun 
damental idea of our system, and it is in violation
of fundamental law. It never was affirmed in the
days of the old United States Bank that the Gov-
ernment had the right to crcate.a bank except as
it was necessary as u fiscal agency to carry on
the business of the Government itself. This sys-
tem is not framed for the purpose of furnishing a
fiscal agency for the Government. It is to usurp
the money business of the country, to control and
handle the exchanges of the country and its en-
tire currency. Not only that; the Federal Gov-
ernment not only undertakes to go out of the line
of its jurisdiction by creating this system to be
handled here at the central point of power, but it
undertakes to make war upon institutions exist-
ing ill almostevery State of the Union with which
the businessof thousandsand hundreds of thou-
sands of people is immediately concerned. The
stockholder, the lender, the borrower, persons
who have furnished facilities and persons who
have sought facilities, the mechanic, the trader,
the merchant, tho manufacturer are all depend-
ent on these institutions upon which war is to be
made by the Federal Congress. Has the Fed-
eral Congress any office which justifies it in mak-
ing such war ? I say it is a usurpation of power,
and an unjust war upon the States and upon in-
stitutions established by the various States, and
upon established relations between debtor and
creditor, borrower and lender, the man of money
and the man of trade and the man of labor.
It seems to me strange that such a proposition
as has been made by the Senatorfrom Ohio should
be boldly announced as designed to drive out of
existence by unequal taxation the State banks, to
drive out what has been recognized as a'legiti-
mate business and has been followed since the
commencement of the Government, to drive out
of business by unequal taxation a large body of
men, men of retired capital, engaged in banking,
and then to drive out of the way of convenient
facilities another large class of men, and to make
out of the whole banking system of the country
a political machine. Now, a bank is a business
institution looking solely to the returns monthly,
quarterly, or yearly of its business to be divided
among the persons who engage in that kind of
transaction; and it makes a very little difference
to them who a man is, they do not inquire what
his particular persuasion may be, or what his
alliances with A, B, and C; but is he an honest
man, can he be trusted, has lie got the crcdlt due
