568
TEEM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
the establishment of a Bureau of Emancipation is
recommended.
At St. Louis the western sanitary commission
has been actively employed in the same direc-
tion. Of the humane agencies which this rebel-
lion has called into life no one has done more to
relieve the soldiers of our western army than this
commission'. From the beginning of the war
these earnest men have labored in their great
work. And now they have found opening to them
this new field of labor. Their president, Mr.
James E. Yeatman, has recently returned from a
tour of observation in the lower Mississippi val-
ley from Cairo to Natchez. He has gone in per-
son to the camps where the freedmen are collected
and has examined into their condition that he
raight ** ascertain their wants and how they can
be relieved and make such recommendations and
suggestions for their management and improve-
ment as wiil bring them as speedily as possible
to the enjoymentof the blessings which the Pres-
ident's proclamation of freedom was designed to
confer upon them." Mr. Yeatman has done his
work as thoroughly as it was possible to accom-
plish it within the time assigned him, and his full
report shows how deeply his heart and his mind
have been engaged. Besides his report he has
made and his commission has published sugges-
tions of a plan of organization for freed labor un-
der a Bureau of Emancipation, which will give to
the Commissioner, if this bill shall become a law,
the experience of a wise practical man who has
known what were the oppressions of slavery, and
who knows the early perils of unused freedom.
During the past year the Secretary of War, Mr.
Stanton, and the Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
Chase, have done all that could be done without
definite legislation by Congress to make the labor
of the freedmen profitable to themselves and ser-
viceable to the country in the camp and in the
field. How the freedmen have become soldiers,
and what brave soldiei s they are, I do not stop to
consider. Genthmen doubted last year whether
they would fight. Nobody doubts now. I would
that I had lime, for I could tell of one from my
own city, Sergeant Carney, of the Massachusetts
fifty-fourth, whose dark complexion covers but
cannot cloud a true soul and a brave heart. I could
tell you how he seized the regimental colors-and
planted them upon Fort Wagner; how he was
shot down holding firmly aloft his sacrod banner;
how he kept his post while men were falling
around him, his own blood pouringamit the while,
until the attack was over; how after his regiment
retired he remained, his colors flying and within
the fort, but no one there to defend or to support
him; how he drugged his shattered body alone,
holding his banner up, supporting himself with it
as with a staff; how he was again sorely wounded
by a rebel bull but kept on his way undaunted and
unsubdued until he had diawn himself, his colors
ilymg, toward his legiment; and how, weaned and
fainting, he found his men, saying as he fell ex-
hausted and spent, " Hero are the colors, boys;
they have not touched the ground'" Other men
wear stars upon their shoulder; but this man,
black though he may be, shall live in history,
himself a star, fixed and luminous forever.
Sir, where these men have had opportunity
they have vindicated their full manhood. They
have shown more manly treatment than they have
received. They have not feared to fight or to die
in battle. We have feared to pay thorn as soldiers
or to acknowledge them as men. At some time
prior to June, J863, Messrs. Robert Dale Owen,
James McKay, and Samuel G. Howe were ap-
pointed commissioners from the American freed-
men's inquiry commission, under authority from
the Secretary of War, to examine into the con-
dition and the management of emancipated refu-
gees. In Juno they made their preliminary -re-
port, wlm,h has been published by authority of
the War Department. It concerns the refugees
in the Dibtnet of Columbia, Virginia, Noith Car-
olina, South Carolina, and Florida. This report
describes their condition as refugees, speaks of S
them as military laborers, and dtcusses their abil-
ity as soldiers,and it lecommends also the estab-
lishment of a bureau in the War Department for
the supervision and conduct of these affairs.
Mr. Speaker, your committee has sought and
acquued nifotmatmn from all these sources. I
have also conferred in poison and by correspond-
ence with panics whoso burnet** has led thum
among these refugees, and whose means of per-
sonal knowledge of their condition and wants
have enabled them to speak with some authority.
Upon one proposition we have found a decided
and united judgment. Every one whose knowl-
edge has been personal declares the imperative and
immediate importance of such a bill as your com-
mittee has reported to the House. For it is true
that military successes alone cannot make the
great proclamation of Mr. Lincoln fully effective
as an act of justice to the freedmen, nor as a bene-
fit to the nation at large. To that end there must
be appropriate and efficient legislation. Without
that a generation of freedmen would be destroyed
before a generation of freemen would live. Mr.
Lincoln says, "I recommend to them," that is,
the freedmen, 44 that in all cases .when allowed,
they labor faithfully for reasonable wages." So
they will, if allowed. But who is to allow them ?
Will you let harpies go among them, or white
blood-hounds whose scent is keen for prey, whose
fangs are remorseless, whose pursuit is for gold at
any cost of human life? Such men have been
there; they are there now, undercolor of Govern-
ment authority; and the abuses practiced by them
sadden and depress the freedmen. The president
of the western sanitary commission, speaking
from his own observation, says, " he sighs to re-
turn to his former home and master. He at least
fed, clothed, and sheltered him. Something should
be done, and I doubt not will be done, to correct
these terrible abuses, when the proper authorities
are made to Comprehend them. The President's
proclamation should not thus be made ahvinglie,
as the Declaration of Independence has too long
been, in asserting the inalienable rights of man,
while the nation continued to hold millions of
human beings in bondage." Neither (he consid-
erate judgment of mankind nor the gracious favor
of God can bo reasonably invoked upon the Piesi-
dent's act of freedom unless the law shall protect
the freedom which the sword declared.
The President submitted recently to the consid-
riation of the House a letter which he had received
from a joint committee of the frccdmen's aid so-
cieties of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and
Cincinnati. The sources of accurate knowledge
which have been open to these parties entitle what
they say to groat consideration. We look into
history and it is silent. No voice of the past can
define the duties which the great facts of t he present
tune enjoin upon us. We look to England, and the
story of her emancipation in the West India islands
♦isfresh in our memoiy. The English oak is thrifty
m its green old age, in whose shade Wilberforee
and Pitt took counsel together before the bill to
abolish the slave tuule was introduced. But the
act of June, 1833, declared to he free some six or
eight hundred thousand persons. We have, and
shall have, as the free fruits of this rebellion, more
than three millions* Yet the act of England also
provided for the early years of freedom. Ten
years before, Parliament had voted to adopt deci-
sive and effectual measures to ameliorate the con-
dition of the slave population. Those who are
familiar with the literature of abolition know what
those measures were. The Colonial Secretary of
State addressed the colonial Govei nors, directing
them to submit certain propositions to then Legis-
latures. The proportions weie submitted, but
they were all rejected, and the condition of'the
slaves remained' unchanged. Then, ten years
afterwards, came the act of emancipation. But
that act sought to bieak gently to the eye'thc light
of day. The slave u as to be an apprentice before
he became a man. For these apprentices spu-ial
guardians wete appointed and their duties weie
defined. Before the term of appienticeship had
expired full freedom was proclaimed in all the
colonies. But between the date of the act of eman-
cipation and the final proclamation of freedom in
1K39, the Government of England published in
documents of all kinds—ordu-s, dispatches, ro-
poits, and dcue<\s—fifieen folio volumes, which
contained more than seven thousand pages,and we
may^lenrn there how their eaiiy freedom affected
the freedmen and the colonies.
But the condition of things in the West India
islands differed so essentially from the state of
facts caused by this rebellion that colonial expe-
riences are only or chiefly valuable to us as dem-
onstrating^ the peosity of timely and effu'icp!
legislation* And if wo turn to Fiance,and recall j
the sluiy ol her action to liberate the colonial !
slave and to elevate the enfranchised man, and re-
view the facts with which that nation had to deal,
we find after years of discussion and inaction con-
vulsive abolition decreed in 3794 and deliberate
slavery reestablished in 1802, until another con-
vulsion created the republic and compelled the
decree of 1848. And here also we find legislation
and decrees and regulations aiming to protect both
freedman and Government, and although we may
learn no other lesson we are compelled to learn
this—that emancipation, while it restores rights
to the slave, devolves high duties upon the Gov-
ernment by whose decree it has been proclaimed.
If we look to what was done in Sweden two yeais
before the provisional Government of France had
acted, or in Denmark following her example the
next yoar, or in Portugal, or much later in Russia,
we still come back to consider our own present
duties,guided by this lightalone which the expe-
rience of other nations gives to us, and which re-
veals to us the need of immediate and efficient ac-
tion. No nation upon the face of the earth with
whose history I am conversant has held in bond-
age over so wide extent of country so many mil-
lions of human beings as this nation hasdaiedto
hold under a Constitution which the people or-
dained to secure the blessings of liberty and to
establish justice; nor has human ingenuity ever
devised a system of slavery more debasing in its
character to the slave or to his. master. Even in
Spanish colonies, where the condition of the ne-
gro slave has been and is degraded below the level
of humanity, rights are secured bylaw which the
muster is bound to respect. He may ransom
himself and his wife and childien by the pioduce
of lus labor. He may have a wife by law, and
he may change his master if he can find a pur-
chaser whom he confides in. No such rights, nor
any others that I know of, are so secured by law
as to be made available to the slave in our south-
ern States. Yet the service of a person, and not
the body and life of a human being, is all that our
Constitution ever meant to recognize as the sub-
ject of pioperty. Where slaveiy has been most
uncompromusmg and cruel the fieedmau is found
most helpless and most deseiving aid.
Mr. Speaker, this war has been continued for
nearly three years. Fiom its commencement it
was plain that the freedom of the slave must fol-
low military success. But up to this day not one
act has boon done by the Congress of the United
States to protect freedmen or to aid them in self-
piotection or self-support. This great wotk, the
greatest work which this rebellion casts upon the
Govei nuient, has yet to be commenced. And now
all that your committee has asked for at thih time is
the creation of a buieau. If this bill shall become
a law, and a wise, judicious, and humane system
shall be devised and carried into operation, h may
appear that more than a bureau is demanded, in
considering the subject you intrusted to us, your
committee has sought the judgment of private
men acquainted with these affairs and with of-
ficers of our Government. Mr. Stanton, whose
able conduct of the War Department will be mote
fully appreciated when the whole woik which he
has accomplished shall be fully known, docs not
court the immense labor which this bureau will
impose upon him, but he will discharge all the
duties that shall be assigned him, and he appre-
ciates fully the great responsibility of the woik
that must be performed. The Solicitor of his
Department, M r. Whiting, whose varied learning
and wide range of legal study have eminently qual-
ified him for the work, has examined the bill now
befoie the House, and in his reply to the com-
mittee has made some suggestions that deserve
careful thought. Ile.says:
i hope, however, that it will not be deemed an impio
prioiy lot me to make another Hi^esfion. The woik laid
out ioi the Bureau o! Emancipation i-* of immense ninsim-
tude. Two and a half millions of warcta ditvcii noin then
accustomed -heltei^bv the s-haipcat.istiophof. oi uai, land-
hou-He-i, homeie-s appeal to tin* Go\ eminent to
gu.tid and nivo them. Ftom liir-u e.uhe;,t j eaic depi ived
ot'the light of Know lcd<_'e, the\ aie cinidien" able civ \<>t to
-ov only the .-tar ot ireedom. They feel vvnh hope and con-
fidence th.it the Hay which hi in<(s tu lliem 1 ihei t\, will spread
ovei them tin* mantle ot in pi on ajon. f n the heat r oi iln^
in eat people eseiv pui-ation thiols lor tieedom. The in-
stinct-oi national honoi will allow no faitei insj and no fail-
m out duty to the oppro^ed fieedim n who H.u.dMioul-
dei to shonldri in this stiu-rcie ioi out eoimtiyV safety and
lenowtt. I iheietbic honot von gentlemen who sec \our
I'lirh (inc. and mean to peiioim it.
( u 'J he nl ej piop<>-"ed n. tin - bill foi the r,-inniz.Uion of
a him au tu Ihr V\ ai I >ej>ai Inu'iit. IVihaps th.  is the he>.f
iu< .in* t/f iimiento'g tho gieat woik. but I think the time
