570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
They do not realize that they are fret; men. They say that
they are told they are, but then they are taken and hired
out xo men who treat them, so far as providing for them is
concerned,far worse than their« secesh' masters did. Be-
sides this they feel that their pay or hire is lower now than
it was when < the secesh' used to hire them. This is true.
A good negro man would hire for from §200 to $240 per an-
num, and a woman for from $150 to $JbG per annum, and
be fed and clothed besides, and that loo when cotton was
only worth ten cents a pound. Now it is worth seventy
cents. Why should not the freedman now get at least as
much for his labor as the slaveowner did for it when he
was a slave? The planter who formerly hired a negro slave
obtained from §450 to $600 as the result of his labor; now
he will.obtain at least,92,500, while the laborer, if he should
obtain his entire year's wages, will onJy receive $60; .$2
per head being deducted to pay his medical attendance,
which is never given. But the poor freedman fares even
worse than this, lie does not get his,1$7 per month, orSS4
per annum, le'ss $2 for medical attendance. i-Ie only gets
paid at that rate for the actual number of days which he
may work, that is twenty-seven cents per day, so that if the
planter furnishes but ten days' labor in the month, the la-
borer receives but $*2 70 for his month's labor. Was there
ever a greater iniquity than this? lam confident that it
is only necessary fortius commission to present these facts
at Washington to have them corrected.
"The parties leasing plantations and employing these
negroes do it fioni no motives either of loyalty oi human-
ity. The desire of gain aione prompts them, and theycare
little whether they make it out of the blood ot those tlioy
employ or from the soil. There are of course exceptions;
but I am informed that the majoiity of the lessees were only
adventurers, camp followers, £Armv shaiks,' as they are
termed, who have turned aside fiom what they consider their
legitimate ptey, the. poor soldier, to gather the riches of the
land which his prowess has laid open to them. I feel that
the fathers and biothers and friends oi these hiave men
should have an opportimitvtoroap,nmhn a more equitable
system for the laborer, the lowaidof the months of toil and
exposure it haseostto open this country to the institutions
of freedom and compensated labor. Jf these plantations
were required to be subdivided into pai eels or tracts to suit
the views and means of our western men, say in farms of
from one to two hundred acres, thousands would soon floek
to the South toleasethem, especially when iti^ known that
one acre of ground there cultivated in eottftn would yield,
in dollars, ten times as much as at home, besides this
subdivision would attract a loyal population, who would
protect the country against any gueinlla bands that might
mlest it.
'• General Hawkins, who has been for scveialmonths in
command of troopqln this region, a m.m oi sound pul"-
ment, has given much thought to this subject, and he tally
convinced me that the true interest o( our country, and
justice to our loyal people, who have given their son* to the
crushing out of this rebellion, require that they should have
the oppoitumty to share in the fiuiis of their victories."
This testimony from one who speaks of what
he saw and knows doc« not stand alone. It is
indeed the voice of many who have gono among
the freedmen in their new homes nlon# the Mis-
sissippi. Yet the Government at Washington lias
emieuvored to do all that in the absence of any
legislative authority could have been dom- with-
out more means of knowledge to guide them in
their action. GeneralThomas, who has heou or-
ganizing colored regiments under orders from the
War Department, found that some plan should
be adopted at once to regulate the labor and wages
of the freedmen. Such work w«s not fairly within
the scope of his authority, and great errois have
been committed; but experience was gained which
will be made uvailuble both to control the rapa-
city of men whose sole object is gain and to se-
cure to the honest laborer his fair compensation.
But to illustrate somewhat (he treatment these
freedmen have been receiving at Memphis, I call
attention to one other statement made by Mr.
Yeaiman:
*'• Within the city of Memphis, not directlv connected
with any oi the camps oi with the colored regiments, (here
are some three thousand I'jeed men and women, mostly
lreed men, who are employed in various ways and at vari-
ous rates of compensation. Those employed by Govern-
ment teeeive but ten dollars per month; while many could
readily earn fiom thirty to fifty doilai-, per month. "ThobO
thus employed aie outside of the militaiv organization.
"To give an instance : one qn.iiterma-uer told me that
he had in lite employment a hatne.-s-makei, to whom they
could only pay ten dollars pei month, while they \\ ere pay-
Jrin white men doing the same work forty-live 'dollais per ]
month; and that the eolored man could readily procure the i
same wages were he allowed to seek a market for his labor j
in the t-aine town. 1 saw a number of colored men pressed '
into seiviee (notmiUtaiy) to labor at the rate often dollars !
pei month, one of whom petitioned to be lUeased as he j
had a good situation at thirty dollars per month. The fire- I
men on the steamboat on which I wa> apa^sensjei fiom St. ;
Jjoms to Memphis were all colored, and weie lecciviim '
forty-five dollar* pei month. These men were afraid to go 1
a^hoie at Memphis for fear of being picked up and foiced I
into Government employ ment at le^s than one font tli their !
existing wngr*.. Beside thu fact that men are thus pieased •
into service, thousands have been employed to* weeks and
months who have never received anything but promises to '
pay. This negligence and failure to comply with obliga- :
tions have gteatl.v dishearteix-d the poor tluve who conies !
forth at the call ot the I'i evident, and supposes himself a '!
free man, and that by leaving his rebel master he is inflict- !
ing a blow on the enemy, ceasing to labor and piovide food I
for him and the armies of the rebellion. Thus* he was li
piomised freedom, but how is it with him ? lie is seized in
the stieet and ordered to go and help unload a steamboat,
for which he will be paid," or sent to woik in the trenches,
or to labor (or some qunrtci master, or to chop wood for the
Government. He labors for months, and at last is only
paid with promises, unless perchance itmay be with kicks,
cuffs, and curses."
Now, sir, I have faith to believe that this House
will, by no party vote, determine that these abuses,
so far as they are controllable by legislation, shall
be controlled. These facts aro not isolated. In-
deed 1 fear they are not exceptional. But they
demonstrate that on grounds of humanity—and
it is the argument for humanity that I am trying
to present—the time has come when the repre-
sentatives of the people should act. Longer delay
is criminal. Why, sir, if this bill as it was intro-
duced one year ago hud then become a law, and
if the bureau it contemplates had been organized
by a man of genius and of heart—for boih are
wanted for this work—many hundreds of lives
would have been saved, much grass injustice
would have been prevented, and a large profit
would have been realized by the Governmentthat
would have amply reimbursed their entire outlay.
And that brings me to consider the objectof this
bill as connected with the interests of the people
and of the Government. That it is for our inter-
ests, material,political,and pecuniary, to protect
these men so far as they require protection, and
no further, it will not be difficult to prove. It is
almost to be regretted that the argument is so
strong. The necessities of war compelled us to
make them free. Wo are entitled to small praise
for that. And if now, besides all reasons resting
on broad grounds of justice and humanity, it shall
appear that a decent regard to prudential and pe-
cuniary considerations requires just such legisla-
tion as we are trying to initiate, it will not become
us, I fear, to assume much ciedit for a philan-
thropy which will be profitable as well as godly !
It would be but fair in this argument to credit
the freedmen with one hundred thousand men in
the military service of the Government. That
number will be doubled before many months have
passed. Every man of them stands for a son, a
blether, or a friend. By just so many men our
own homes aie the happier and the more produc-
tive. What would those lives be worth to us if v/e
could compute tbeii value in money? But it may
be said that does not tend to prove 1 hat a bureau is
wanted: we may take all the strong men that can j
bear arms without being ti on bled with women and
children. I do no! believe any gentleman will be
found with hardihood enough to make such sug-
gestion. But it is not true. IIow long will those
strong men light in our ranks when it shall be
known to them that the Government for which
they peril thoirlivos permits tlio unarmed freedmen
and all the women nnd children upon the planta-
tions of the South to be oppressed? These freed-
men are men, and although they have been hum-
bled by their condition they have the affections of
men. They know their value to us, and they know
our value to them; they will fight bravely, heroic-
ally, to the death. But you may depend upon it
they will not fight, and they ought not to fight,
if the Government shall declare its policy to be
that plantation lessees may absoib the muscle and
smew and labor of all who do not fight but can
woik,and that foi hull" wages half paid, while they
wage battle with rebels at the risk of slaughter
upon the field and with the certainty of death if
captured by the enemy.
It is then but fair, when we consider the selfish
reasons urging us to action in the direction of this
bill, that we remember the priceless value of those
fighting men, and that we appreciate the import-
ance of giving to them legislative assurance that
those who arc left at home are not left subject to
the capiices and the avarice of men who regard
them as serfs of the soil, and as instruments by
which to work out their own way to fortune.
But, Mr. Speaker, the uniform testimony of the
men who have witnessed the willingness and the
ability of these fieedmen for profitable employ-
ment demonstrates that, by judicious and timely
aid and under the supervision of superintendents
able and willing to "organize and direct their la-
bor and to adjust with them their wages," the
libeiated slaves whoshallnot have been received
into our ranks will return to the Government in
produce and in money more than shall bo ex-
pended on their account.
At Fort Monroe more than a year ago it was
ascertained that although the colored laborers em-
ployed by the Government were paid less than
half the price paid for the same service here at
Washington, a sum notless than thirty thousand
dollars was due to them for work. AtLawrence,
in Kansas, where a school for refugees had been
established before October, 18G2, a stranger who
visited them and saw the cleanliness and good
order that prevailed said to the superintendent,
"This must have cost a good deal of money."
" Not a cent, not a cent," was the reply. " These
children are dressed at the expense of their parents
from the proceeds of their own earnings since ihey
have been here." These refugees had gone from
Missouri and Arkansas. There were but a few
hundreds, but where they found employment they
accumulated money and propeity at once. But
they had required help. One man of some means
had given to them orders for supplies to the amount
of five or six hundred dollars. But the whole sum
excepting eight dollars had been paid by the refu-
gees themselves. Captain E. W. Hooper, aid to
General Saxton, one year since wrote from Beau-
fort that after an experience then of eight months
among the freedmen of South Carolina, where we
know that slavery has done its worst to brutalize
the master and to enfeeble its victims, and with
good opportunity to obseivc the conduct of the
freed negroes as laborers, it was his " personal
conviction that almost without exception they
would readily become, industrious and productive
laborers under any liberal system which should
offer a fair and reasonably certain compensation
proportioned to the work actually done." From
Craney island, in Virginia, from Helena, in Ar-
kansas, from St. Helena and other islands in
South Carolina, the proof is plenary that with
judicious aid and under u fair system of labor and
wages the expenses involved in the first necessary
outlay would be reimbursed by the productive
labor of freedmen within a reasonable period of
lime. The " facts" published by the emancipa-
tion league and the letters and reports to which I
have akeady adverted permit us to entertain no
doubt that this bureau will, if placed m the charge
of able and administrative men, be conducted sub-
stantially without cost to the Government.
Mr. CLAY. May I ask the gentleman a ques-
tion ?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly, if it does not come
out of my time.
No objection was made,
Mr. CLAY. I wish to know whether the gen-
tleman intends to include within this emancipa-
tion bill the State of Kentucky; whether he intends
to trample under foot the constitution and lawsof
Kentucky, and free every slave without the eon-
sent of their owners? "*
Mr. ELIOT. I am happy to say to the gen-
tleman that Kentucky is this time out of the ring
altogether. This bill docs notcontemplate Ken-
tucky at all, and has no reference to it.
Mr. CLAY. I will say that the gentleman goes
so far as not only to take all the negroes in the
South, but he is disposed to seize all the lands in
that country, under the idea that they are aban-
doned. I have many constituents who hold prop-
erty in that country who are all loyal men, but
wlioare livingmthc State of Kentucky and never
have lived in the South, 1 wish to know whether
the lands of residents in Kentucky are to be con-
sidertid as abandoned, and hence to be seized and
disposed of under this bill?
Mr. ELIOT. Where do the loyal citizens, the
constituents of the honorable gentleman, reside?
Mr. CLAY. In my district.
Mr. ELIOT. Where are their plantations?
Mr. CLAY. In Mississippi, Arkansas, Lou-
isiana, and Tennessee.
Mr. ELIOT. And those plantations are owned
by men residing in the district of my lionorabj^
friend? -
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELIOT. If they are not abandoned plant-
ations they do not come at all under the range
of this law. If those plantations are abandoned
I think the honorable gentleman's constituents
aro rebels.
Mr. CLAY. I go further, and say that I am
the owner of a plantation there myself. [Laugh-
ter.] Because I am attending to my duties here
on behalfofmy constituents is my plantation there
to be considered as abandoned and to come under
this law?
