572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
falls. The honest differences of Departments as to their au-
thority and responsibility in the caochave been a chief ob-
struction to the methods of dealing piomptly with the ne-
cessities of the freedman. Were a bureau in existence
with no other dut> but to atteud to this vast and ever ex-
panding class of our fellow-creatures, countrymen, and
eitizem-, it would at once be able to eoacentrate, andm the
shortest possible time to methodize, the now diffused and
disjointed testimony in the case, and from its central and
commanding point of view to devise plans and measures
which would {satisfy the humanity audi elieve the anxieties
of the nation.
"2. It i& not merely a central office that is wanted. It
must be a Government bureau. The various freedmen's
associations—rich, numerous, and powerful—might unite
and establish a central office at Washington, in which
should converge all the light and knowledge collected at the
most distant points of the circumference, ami from which
wise and humane plans might onginate and radiate in all
directions?. But such a central office, disconnected from
the Government, as in that case by the hypothesis it would
be, without any rjght to official infoimation or assistance,
would lack the chief illumination now required, which is
simply this: a knowledge how tile existing machinery of
the Government in all departments can he biought to bear
on the pi obk'iu of guidance, support, andicliel m this tem-
porary though not biicf state of the transition of million.-*
of bondmen fmm forced to fiee labor. This is a problem
in which the vast, costly, omnipresent machinery and agen-
cies of the Government already existing, wnli the least pos-
sible additions and the least possible distmhance, aie to be
economized and applied to the work of starting and aiding
a humane proccas of emancipation."
Mr. Speaker, I will not at this time discuss at
length tlie brief and simple provisions of this bill.
The duties imposed on the Commissioner are large,
but not more so than is necessary to make the
bureau effective. It is connected with the War
Department for obvious reasons. Prom the be-
ginning of the rebellion the military power which
effected the freedom of the slave has been invoked
for his protection. The power of the War De-
partment is required to command respectand obe-
dience where rebellion has so recently had control.
In fact, most that has hitherto been accomplished
to organize and adjustjnbor,excepting theacuon
under the tax act of Juno, 16G2, has been done
under authoiity and pursuant to orders which
have emanated from that Department, and for the
present there can be no donht that the function-
aries employed should find their official chief m
the Secretary of War.
Sir, my duty will not have been performed with-
out stating distinctly the clear constitutional power
of Congress to legislate in the direction of this bill.
1. By the Constitution the President is made
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of
the United States. He has, theieforc, in time
of war all the powers which by the recognized
laws of war are conferred upon that high office.
Such powers are as constitutional ax that to ap-
point an embassador with the advice and consent
of the Senate, or a judge of the Supreme Court.
By the rebellion the war powers of the President
and Congress have been invoked and ure in force;
among them the power to liberate the slaves of
the enemy is one of the most effiuentand hnmane.
That has been used. But the power to libeiate
three million slaves involves the duty of their
needful protection. Without that the exercise of
the power to liberate might be a crime. Such pro-
tection by the Government winch made free can-
not be given without the action of Congress.
Without that the power of the President cannot
be carried into effect. By the dnect terms of the
Constitution Congress has powei to make all laws
necessary to carry into execution ail the powers
conferred upon the President.
2. Congress has power to declare war and to
"make rules concerning captures on land." The
slaves liberated by the confiscation art, and to be
liberated by its provisions, are captives of war,
and as such are proper subjects of our legislation.
3. Congress has power " to make rules for the
government and regulation of the land and naval
forces," Legislation has become neeessai y and
laws have been passed to regulate the conduct of
the Army in regard to slaves found in the enemy's
country, and to prohibit our officers from return-
ing them to slavery. But those laws would be im-
pel feci in their operation and might be oppressive
in their results without further legislation; and so
a necessity has arisen for an act to protect the
freedmcn.
4. The President, as Commander-in-Chief, lias
a i ight to issue all proclamations within the power
of military commandt rs,.is recognized by the laws
of war, addressed to the public cyicmy. The faith
of the nation is pledged to make good those ptocla-
imuions, to maintain their provisions,mid to ful-
fill the pledges which they contain or bynecessity
imply. The proclamation of freedom has liber-
ated men oppressed by a life-servitude. Those
men are now subjects of the Government. They
owe to it allegiance, and are as such entitled to
its protection. To that end this legislation is re-
quired.
Upon all these grounds this bill may securely
rest. But if all proclamations were wrong and all
laws were without constitutional support which
have sought to liberate the slaves of enemies, still
the rebellion itself has freed them and they are
subjects of our charge. We must protect them
or be faithless in our office.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I have stated the imper-
ative necessity of this bill, the high objects which
wo would accomplish, its brief provisions, and its
legal right to our support. It remains to discuss
its expected benefits to the freedmen and to our-
selves. But first I would invoke the attention of
the House to a report submitted by the honorable
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kalbfleiscii,]
and signed by him and by his colleague on the
committee, [Mr. Knapp,] m opposition to this bill,
for it assumes to present the argument against the
legal power of Congress to legislate and against
the expediency of oui present action. Its formid-
able exordium is worthy of note;
" That a carofnl examination of the provisions of the bill
under con^idnation h.is convinced your committee that it
not only involves grave and impoifant questions, but like-
wise a task of yre.tt magnitude to overcome the legal and
apparently just objection*, which ari.-e upon a fair sci utmy
oi its contents. Humanity may be pleaded in favor of the
passage of the bill, but great caution will have to be exei-
eiscd, not only that the pita he wcil founded, but that no
unintentional injustice be perpetrated thereby."
One may feel justified in approaching with some
timidity an argument thus heralded. But there
need be no fear. These four questions arc pro-
posed for discussion:
" 1. Ila?. Congress the leg.d power to establish a bureau
loj the put poses contemplated in the hill; and are the mat-
ter* intended to be legislated upon within the ptovince of
and of a ehai.icier to make them piopcr subjects for na-
tional legislation'
" 2. II.in Congie^ the constitutional power to impose a
tax upon the citizens of one State to support the indigent
Ireedmen of another State, no matter how humane and
claimable the motive piompung the act?
Will the parage ot the bill in question produce the
effect intended oi di'mi ed ? May not i exults directly oppo-
site fioin those aniieipated by its friend* How liom it. and
,i new system of vassalage, only diffei ing in its appellation
with ihe one htthcito existing between the ficedinen and
then mar-tors, be inaugutatcd ?
" *1 Should not the bureau, if established, be under the
contio! and diicction of the Department ot the Intouor,
instead ot the VYai Deprutmetif ?' 
It would be a figure of speech which I am not
bold enough to use, to say that these questions aic
argued. The legal argument upon the first two
propositions is disposed of summarily. This is it:
u Vour committee aie of opinion that Congic*s ha-s no
local power to cairyinto ('fleet alt the piovr-iotis of the
contemplated bill. A [ilea oi humanity, policy, or wai ne-
cessity may be uiged m favor of <is-nniing the power, and
a foiced conjunction placed upon the plain Icttci ot the
Constmiiion to t-anetion the act. Hut a gieat stretch of
powej and an unwau.mted petveision ol tre language ot
ihe fundamental law \v,ll have to lie le^oitcd to m this in-
r-tanoe to attain tins end."
But the minority of the committee do not deem
it to bo woith their while to Mate the grounds of
their opinion, or any leasons or authority in its
behalf. The Commander-in-Chief has used the
power of war to declare freedom to the slaves of
enemies. Had he a right to do so ? The minority
of tho committee do not deny it. Laws of Con-
grepH have been passed to the same end. But the
validity of these laws is not brought in question.
The facl exists that a nation of freedmcn has been
created, and that many hundreds of thousands of
men, women, and children who had been in sla-
very are now within our lines and under our pro-
tection, and that they must be at Government
chaige until aided to self-support. The great
question is notepproached. JBut the "committee
fail to comprehend" "why the freedmcn of Afri-
can descent should become these marked objects
of special legislation to the dcumicnt of the unfor-
tunate whites." These freedmen when m slavery
composed the working power of the lebellion.
That power has been wiesfed from the enemy so
far as the proclaimed freedom has been rnfoiccd.
We have a ri^ht to make (hat power available to
ourselves. ]Juf to lhis<ind legislation is requited.
That is one reason. After a life of seivitude, in-
hciited from slave ancestors stolen from their
homes and subjected by force to the control of their .
masters, these freedmen thus invited to freedom
for our own security, and recognized as men, have
this right, which will not be denied by any theo-
rist of any party; that is to say, the right to earn
among us their own subsistence. To that end
this legislation is required.
But to what'4 detriment" of what14 unfortunate
whites?" The burden of their support is now
on the Government and must be borne, and if &
" tax upon the labor of the poor" is the detri-
ment and the " less favored white men" are the
"unfortunate whitee" referred to by the report,
who must bear the tax? Then let this bureau be
quickly organized, for so the burden will be at
once lifted up and the " detriment" be converted
into profit. It is objected to this bill that its " ma-
chinery" is insufficient, and that it will be well to
leave it with its originators until an intelligent and
well-defined system has been matured. Then let
the objectors suggest more operative machinery,
and by judicious amendments perfect the system.
Men, who know by study and by sight the wants
of the freedmen and of the Government, have
carefully examined the provisions of this bill.
The "machinery" by which this bureau will be-
come most useful and effective must be made in
the light of experience and by judicious and wise
men, mindful equally of the rights of the Govern-
ment and the necessities of the fieedtnen. A de-
tailed system of government embodied in this
organic, law would be unwise and prejudicial to
all thCiinterests concerned'. But two gentlemen,
who represent the minority of the committee, say:
u If those freedmen of African descent arc still slaves,
and ihe Government have inherited or taken by conquest
the po-ition of their master?5, they are of course liable to
be sepaiatcd fiom the fieo population, have their tusks as-
signed them, and their wages controlled and ej-tabli&hed by
the lepicseiit-mvesot then mastei.-; but if the presidential
proclamation has had any etlcer, and if they are liecdnieri
in anything cKe but in name, in the opinion or j our com-
mittee. the Constitution of the f;nned States and of the
.sevcinl States ptesenbcs thai juiisdiclion over inor-t of the
subjects- mentioned in the bill shall bo vested in the judi-
cauv."
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. Do I understand the
gentleman from Massachusetts to say that only
two members of the committee dissented from the
majority report?
Mr. ELIOT. I say so,
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. That is not my un-
derstanding. The gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Middletun] was not present in committee,
but I believe he coincides with our views.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman from New Jer-
sey is present now, and can contradict my state-
ment if it is not correct.
What does this mean ? This bill does not seek
to separate the freedmen fjom the free population,
or to assign them tasks, or to control and estab-
lish wages. But assuming the effectiveness of the
proclamation, on what does the "opinion" rest
that the constitutions of the several States \est
in the judiciary "juiisdiclion over most of the
subjects mentioned in the bill?" Whatconstitu-
tions and what States arc referred to? Is the sov-
ereign State of South Carolina one of them ? But
the report finds that too many cleiks may be ap-
pointed at Washington; that m fact they maybe
appointed without any limitation as to number
" except that they are restricted to two in a class,
but without any limitation as to the number of
classes." The "careful examination" which ihe
mmonty of the committee have given to this mat-
ter has tailed to inform them that there are just
four classes of clerks, and that two of each class
would therefore give eightcleiks precisely, if the
whole number authorized by the bill should be
appointed. "It appears, argues the it-port,
" dcpendingentirely upon thenecessity existingin
his mind whether" " the power of disposing" of
" these freedmen may not revive most of the odi-
ous features of slavery without its name." This
argument defies analysis, and cannot be made
more clear than by its statement; but it was not
quite fair toiefram from showing how it appears
that such contingency might depend on such ne-
cessity existing in the mind of the Secretary of
War.
But the minority of the committee feel it to be
right to say:
" 1 ■ nder the piovi-juns of the bill the fieedman mav be
a- eileeta.dlv snipped ot the pioeeeds of his labor to build
up the ^online-, ot an avaueioussupcnntciident as though
he wcic under the "control of a master, without enjoying
