1618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It provides for only one
corporation, as I understand it now.
Mr. WILLEY. One corporation with provis-
ions lo authorize other masonic bodies to appoint
corporators; but there is only one corporation
incorporated.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. i am satisfied.
Mr. COLLAMER. I observe that there is in
the biil a provision purporting to be a prohibition
against this corporation holding any land further
than is necessary to build this hall. That is all
well enough^ but then it goes on to provide that
nothing in^this act, however, shall prevent them
from securing debts due to them by mortgages on
real estate. To my mind, as I understand the
operation of mortgages, that is nothing more nor
less than saying that they can buy as much land
as they please. Suppose, for instance, they wish
to buy apiece oflanu and iheownerof itis willing
to sell to them. They say, " We are not at liberty
to buy it; our charter prohibits us from buying
any land except what our hall covers; but we will
tell you what we can do: we will lend you $5,000
and you can give us a mortgage on that piece of
laud, and then we will foreclose it, and thus own
the land." They could go on in that way from
time to time and buy as much land as they pleased.
I do not say that there is anything very impott-
ant in it; but i do not like to have the bill read
as if we meant to restrict this corporation in the
purchase of land and then did not restrict them at
all. It amounts to that practically. I therefore
move to strike out that part of the bill relating to
mortgages. They do not need to deal in mort-
gages,
t The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
indicate the section ?
Mr. WILLEY, 1 understand the Senator from
Vermont to propose to strike out these woids in
the second section;
Nor shall it prevent P.'ild corporation from sccuringdobts
due to It, or tiic payment of money loaned by it, bv mort-
gages on real estate.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is the part I wish
to strike out.
Mr. WILLEY. The same suggestion was
made to my mind in diawing this proviso to the
second section} but it will he remembered by the
Senator flint when this bill was before the Senate
prior to its recommitment this very proviso was
acted upon by the Sena to am! made a port of the
bill. It was not considered proper by tin* com-
mittee to whom the bill was recommitted, after
the Senate had acted on that part of it, to ignore
the action of the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is a sufficient reason
as to why tin* committee did not make this amend-
ment, but it i^i no answer to mv objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
from Vermont one question. One portion of the
bill prohibits this corporation from holding lands
on unconditional title, but it goes on to provide
that it may .hold them as mortgagee. Will that
enable them to buy up on foreclosure and hold
in fee ?
Mr, COLLAMER. I know that this matter
will attract differently the minds of lawyers from
different States where they have different modes
of proceeding. The fact is that at common law
the mortgage, when the pay-day has expired, is
an absolute title in the mortgagee. There is,
nevertheless, an outstanding equity of redemp-
tion. A bill in chancery being filed in such a
case before the court, they fix the time for fore-
closing that equity of redemption, and if the
money is notpaid in,according to that decree, the
mortgagee owns the land in law and in chancery
without any sale. That is the common law of
mortgages.
I know that in many States they have statutes
winch require, on the foreclosure of a mortsrao-e,
a sale of the land. Some of them make it pay
the debt protanto. Some of rhem allow possession
to be taken before this proceeding, and some after
it. They have differentstatutes in different States
about it. But I take it thathere the law of mort-
gage stands on the common law of morhwe. I
am not acquainted particularly with thestatutcs
of .this Distiicf, but I suppose it doea. If that be
so, the mortgagee owns the land upon the pay-
day expiring in law, and upon the foreclosure m
chancery he is absolute owner. I repeat, there-
fore, what 1 before stated, that when you author-
ise ihjs corporation to take security on land for
debts, you just do away with the prohibition of
their owning lands; because on these mortgages
and foreclosures they can buy any quantity of
land they please. The exception you make covers
the whole ground. Therefore, I say, I would
either take off the limitation about the amount of
land they may hold, or I would make it effective
by saying that they should not hold it any more
on mortgage than anything else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Vermont
to strike out the following words at the end of
the second section:
Nor shall it prevent said corporation from securing debts
due to it, or the payment of money loaned by it, by mort-
gages* on real estate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I propose to amend the bill by
adding the following as an additional section:
•find be it further enacted, That this act maybe altered,
amended, or repealed at the pleaaure of the Congress of the
United States of America.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
OttDElt 0*' BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
141, to repeal all laws for the return of fugitives
from service or labor, in order to leave it as the
order of the day for one o'elock to-morrow, as
my colleague proposes to move an executive ses-
sion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is intended by tak-
ing up that bill now to go on with it to-morrow
at one o'clock, I must object, for there are several
bills now before the Senate coming from the Com-
mittee on Finance, which I must ask the Senate
to go on with to-morrow. I have yielded repeat-
edly, until itis now getting late in the session.
We shall have the bank bill upon us in a day or
two, and we must dispose of some of these other
bills now.
Mr. SUMNER. Would it not be satisfactory
to the Senator to start with his bills next week?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. We hove lost
one day already this week by an adjournment
over. There are .several bills from the Commit-
tee on Finance which should be disposed of as
soon ns possible, and there is one about to be re-
ported by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] which it will be necessary to act upon just
as soon as it can he printed. Then theie is the
executive, legislative, and judicial'appropriation
bill, winch I must ask the Senate to go on with
and get out of the way as soon as possible.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator expect to
go on with that lull to-morrow?
Mr. FESSENDEN. My colleague on the
Committee on Finance, the Senator fiom Ohio, is
about to report a biil from that committee upon
which he must necessarily ask immediate action
—not to-day, because it ou^ht to bo printed, but
as soon as it can be printed, early to-morrow
morning. After that is disposed of I must ask
the Senate to go on with the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial appropriation bill.
SPECULATION IN 0OLD.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed bytheCom-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 106) prohibiting speculative transactions
in gold, silver, and foreign exchange, and for other
purposes, to leport it back with an amendment
in the nature of a substitute. I give notice that
I shall call it up to-morrow for action.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive busi-
ness, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, dpiil 14, 1864.
The House met at twelve o 'clock, ro. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channi.vg.
The Journal of Tuesday was read and approved.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr, WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit the following tesolution
for its adoption:
Resolved, That until otherwise ordered this House will,
on each day, ta«e a recess from half past tour o'clock until
seven o'clock, p. m., tor the puipose of holding night ses-
sions for the transaction of bu&ine&s.
Mr. ROBINSON. I object.
LEAVE TO VOTE.
Mr. YEAMAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to record my vote on the
resolution censuring the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Harris.] I ask to have it recorded
in the aflii nmtive.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF A MEMBER.
The House then proceeded (Mr. Rollins, of
New Hampshire, taking the chair as Speaker pro
tempore) to the consideration of the resolution of-
fered by Mr. Colfax on Saturday last to expel
Mr. Long, on which Mr. Rogers was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, I have listened
with great attention for several days to the dis-
cussion of this grave and important subject, one
in which the people of this country are more in-
terested than in any other that has agitated this
House during this session. It is a question
whether the right which God breathed into man
when he placed Adam in theggarden of Eden, tho
right to speak his honestsentiments upon national
subjects,shall be permitted in the Congress of the
United States. Because the apostles of old pio-
claimed to the world that man should repent and
be saved, the high priest rose up and all that were
with him, and were filled with indignation, and
laid their hands upon them and put them in the
common prison, but the angel of the Lord by night
opened the prison doots and brought them forth,
and said:
" Go, stand and <peak in the temple to the people all the
word- of this hio."
'•Tlicn spake the Lord to Paul in the night by a vision,
Be not afiaid, but speak, and hold not thy peace."
Thus speaks divine revelation in behalf of this
inherent right. Remember that the Lord and
Saviour of "the world was crucified upon Mount
Calvary by the enemies of free speech, because
He would preach in the temples and synagogues
the word s of eternal life; and 1 doubt not that the
radicals of the party in power would lmve,ifthey
had lived in that day, cried out. with the rabble,
" Crucify Him,"and would have taken a hand in
placing Daniel in the lion's den and the three in-
nocents into the fiery furnace.
In some countries it is even to this day a crime
to speak on any subject, religious, philosophical,
or political, any thing contrary to the conceived
ideas of the Government, however laudable may
bo the design and motive. It is extended so fur
that to quest ion the conduct of public men in terms
of truth has been and still is considered a scandal
upon their stations and characlcis, and subjects
the party to grievous punishment, The Govern-
ments in some countiies oontiol the printing of
all books and shackle the press and allow it to
speak only in such language as the Governments
license for publication. The common inheritance
of the woikl, which is the Bible itself, has been
put entiicly under the control of some Govern-
ments, and not permitted to be read except in a
language unknown to the common inhabitants o>*
the country. The art of printing was once, even
in England, to-day the freest country in the world,
controlled by the Crown and considered a mere
matter of state, and was regulated by the king's
proclamations, prohibitions, charters of privilege,
licenses, ami at last by the decrees of the court of
Star Chamber, which limited the nu mber of print-
eis and presses and prohibited new publications
without proper licenses; and the Long Parliament
of Charles 1 in 1641 exercised,after their rupture
with him, the same powers of the Star Chamber
upon the .subject, and issued their ordinances
founded upon a Star Chamber decree of 1C37.
After the restoration of Charles II tiioy passed a
statute upon the same subject nearly copied from
the s;iid oidinances. T1:is act expired in 1GT9
ciiiu was revived and continued a few years after
the revolution of 1688. The Government made
desperate ettoits to keep it in force, buton account
of its violent resistance by Parliament it expired
in 1694 and has never since been revived. At
