1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
tlic benefits of the protection and support lite system of
slavery afford?."
This gratuitous statement is without justice or
fairness, or foundation in fact. Under the fair
administration of this bureau no superintendent
can oppress the freed man for personal gain. This
must have been obvious if examination had been j
given to the provisions of the bill. The criticism
is, not true. But this remarkable report proceeds
to say: '
" Laree sections of rebclslave territory have been brought
witiun the nnlitaiy power of out Government; and it is
highly probable that stiJl larger portions, of such temtory
will ho added ihcieto. Yotn committee cannot conceive
of any reason whv this vast domain, paid fur by the blood
of white men, should bo set apart loi the sole benefit ot the
freedmen of Afue.in descent, to the exclusion of All others,
and leaded lor an unlimited time, thereby preventing its oc-
eupation, except by them, at least lbr a longtime to come,
ft seems to your committee incomprehensible, nay,ex-
tremely unjust."
"What seems 4'incomprehensible, nay extreme-
ly unjust?'5 These gentlemen cannot conceive of
any reason why this domain should be set apart
for the exclusive benefit of freedmen ! But why
complain bccauseof that inability ? This bill does
not tax their power in that direction. Such pro-
posed use of these lands would be simple enough
and ''comprehensible," whether just or unjust,
but the proposition before the House involves the
consideration of no such question.
The report of the minority becomes more un-
fair as it draws to its close. It says:
'• The bill piopnse*; to give to each petty superintendent
the determination of nil questions relatinc to the disposi-
tion and direction of all poisons of African descent becom-
ing fiee unciei any proclamation, military rule oi older, oi
by any act o! the fcftate governments, wiih power to <>-t,ib-
li->b andenf'oiee regulations such a- niaybedeemed proper
loi the judicious tieatment and disposition of such trced-
men, and with power to assign land?-, 6>o. An institution
like 5las, which a^umes the I unctions of the jiuiiciaiy over
a large poition of the population, and combine* with it the
domestic management o! the mastet over ilie peisoivai and
household matter ol tSi.- liei'dnian, cannot be earned out
without t-preadnur a netwoik of officials over all the con-
quered States as numetous .is the bldvcmastois whom this
.syhieni supersedes."
The bill proposes no such thing. It is difficult
to see how one of fair intelligence could examine
its provisions and make such a statement. But
it is as difficult to believe that any honorable op-
ponent could make it without examination. Upon
tins point the hill shall speak for itself. The
President is empowered to appoint, with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, a " Commissioner
of Freedmen's Affairs"—
To whom shall be refeircd the adjustment and determ-
ination, undc-*' the direction of the Secretin u of fVar, ot all
questions uu-mg under this* act,or under any Uuvs now ex-
isting or hereattei to be enacted, coneeinius prisons of
African descent and persons who are ot shall become free
by virtue of any pioclatnaiion, law, nr military oulet issued,
enacted, or promulgated durum the present l'ehelhon oi by
virtue of any act of emancipation which shall he enacted
by any State for the freedom ot such persons held to ser-
vice oi labor within such State,or who ohall tic otherwise
emit led to their freedom. And the sjiid Commissioner shall
have authority, vndcr the direction of the Secretary of War,
to make all needful rules and regulations for tile general
superintendence,direction, and management ot all & uoh poi-
sons, and to appoint a chief clerk who shall he also a bonded
disbursing officer, anil shah have an annual salary of ,'$•2,000,
and such numbei of clerk-*, not exceeding two ofeach class,
as shall be nectary for the proper transaction of the busi-
ness of said bureau.
The sixth section of thcactprovidesasfnllows:
That the i.aid assistant commissioner shall, under such
regulations, directions, and oidets as may be given by the
Commissioner of Emancipation hom tunc to time, appoint
ali nocos^aiy je-identsnpci intendents and eieiks, who shall
be paid for their ^cmces such lea^onable compensation as
the Commissioner shall dcteimme. undci the direction of
the iSecietnn of War, not exceed um the ordinary ami u^mi!
compensation for sinulai seivice m othet Depaitiuents ; and
the said Commissioner, and by ins direction the r.ud as-
sistant coinmissloneis, shall have pouu to permit pei-ons
of Afu'can descent and peisi>n< who are oi shall have be-
come free, as aforesaid, under such rnle< and le^uiatnms
as maybe fiom nine to time preheiibed bv said Commis-
sioner and approved by the Secretary of War, to occupy,
cultivate, and improve all lands lying vmlun tho.-e dismc't>
now or heretofore in rebellion, which lands may have been
or may heieafter be abandoned by their former owners, and
ail real estate to which the United States shall have ac-
quired title, and which shall not have been previously Ap- ]i
proprhned by the Government to other u-.es, and to advise >'
and aid them, when needful, to oiganue and dneet their !j
laboi, adjust with them their wage>, and teeeive all returns !!
tuisini? therefiom, which siiall be duly accounted for to the il
Comiiu-sioner ot Freedmen'- Affairs; and ali balances, if j
any theio be, aftei dtfravintf The chaigo* and expanses of
the buieau. shall be annually paid into the Treasury of the
United states. Tiie said assistant commissioners and su-
perintendents shall have puvvt, as arbitiutors, to bi nig to
coin illation and settlement all difficulties anting between
ireediuen. except wheti ivsa>t to a provost judge Oi other
lcyaltubun.il heroine.* necessary.
The closing paragraphs of this report are as fol-
lows:
<• Could this nt once be made a &elf-s>ustaimn£ sjstcin, to
bo supported by the labor which it controls and directs, and
tor whoso benefit it is intended to act, there might be a
semblance ol propriety and justice in its proposed'maugu-
lanon. But if it is to be converted into a giand almshouse
derailment. wheieby the labor and property of the white
population of the country is to be taxed to support tne pnu-
pei labor of the freedmen .and mendicant officials of the
countty. its operations cannot be too flosely scrutinized.
"The Government have as yet been lathei unfortunate
in their efforts in behalf of the freed slaves, andit seems to
your committee to be veiy desirable tnat legislation upon
this subject, if it can be done legally, should be confined to
the absolute existing want4: of the country. After the transi-
tion state through which we are now passing shall have
ended, and the charaetoi and position of this class of our
population shall have become better defined, the rights of
the Government to the title of the confiscated property de-
termined by competent authority, it will be time enough to
initiate a system adapted to thou* wants and capacities, and
calculated for their protection and humane treatment."
How can this system be made self-sustaining
until it is inaugurated? "We have no doubt, ana
the minority of the committee do not deny, that
the labor for whose benefit it is proposed to act
will support this bureau. Its propriety and jus-
tice will then be vindicated upon industrial "and
material gtounds as fuily as upon grounds of hu-
manity its necessity is now apparent. Of course
its operations must be closely scrutinized if it is
converted into an " almshouse department." But
the scrutiny will be in season when the conver-
sion is apprehended. But what if it be true that
Government has been unfortunate in its efforts
in behalf of the freed slaves ? The Government
has done what it could. .But Congress has done
nothing. The fact asserts the need of action, at
once and effective, that such reproach shall be ie-
moved. Let legislation be confined tothe "abso-
lute existing wants of the country." That is all
we propose. But that which is demanded should
be had without delay.
Is it true, Mr. Speaker, that we should wait
until the quiet of peace shall have hushed the
echoes of this war before we initiate any system
adapted to the wants and capacities of these freed-
men? What cart there be in the " character and
position oft his class of our population "that needs
to be defined before we act? Their "character"
is not unknown to us. Their social degradation
compelled by slavery, their trustful nature, their
thirst for knowledge, their willingness to work
for the wages of labor, their yearning after what
the white man aUo covet.-?—position, and proper-
ty which will secure position—we know these
things. Rut we do not know, and shall not until
we give them the rights of men, what are their
full capacities for that life which is above the ma-
terial life and that " pursuit of happiness" which
aims at ends beyond the horizon which slavery
defines.
Hut what shall be done before that time arrives?
Is it the purpose of there gentlemen and of those
who act with them m this House that our Gov-
ernment siiall maintain these freedmen without
system and at unlimited and indefinite cost, fur- j
nishmg rations and hospital supplies and cloth-
ing and keeping them m camps under military
rule? If this were possible is it wise? And when
the time shall have come at which the gentleman
fiom New York [Mr. Kalbfleisch] suggests that
a system for their humane treatment may bo in-
itiated will it be more lawful or constitutional to
act then than now? Why, sir, the case is too
plain for argument. Now is the accepted time.
And this Congress v/ill bear the deservetf reproach
not only of this great-hearted nation, but of all
nations of Christian men, if we falter in this
work.
Mr. Speaker, it has somewhat appeared already
how the parties to this bill will he the better foi
the law. Hut I would take a wider view of this
grand work which the w tr has put upon us. From
its commencement no man has been able to an- :
tieipate events; nothing has occurred as thewisest !
seer predicted Great ger^crals have failed, and j
men unknown to fame before have conducted us [
to victory. Catties have been won in the valleys i
and " above the clouds" by a rank and file bravei y j
which the annals of military history cannot rival, i
Who of us has not had occasion to say, tk Not unto i
us, but unto Thee, O God ! be rendered prai&e !"
And now out of the war a new nation of men
has arisen. No power in Constitution,in Presi-
dent, or in people outside of the rebel States could
have held out to them its liberating arm in time of
peace. The mad ambition of slaveowners, which
struck at the life of the nation to give new life to
slavery, disclosed the power to strike back the
blow, and in the fullness of time a man was found
commissioned to the work.
We read that in the beginningGod said, " Let
there be light, and there was light." But since
the beginnmg.human agencies have worked out
the ways of Providence; and never in history
since that great fiat has it been given to more than
one man to lift up from three million souls the
darkness and the doom of slavery. Our duty He
has assigned us now. It may be that by some
other phrase of law or form of act the mutual in-
terests of the Government and of the freedmen
within its borders might be secured. I believe
^that this bill, wisely administered, will complete
the work.
It will enable the Government to help into act-
ive, educated, and useful life a nation of freed-
men who otherwise would grope their way to use-
fulness through neglect and suffering to them-
selves, and with heavy and needless loss to us.
They are children of the Government. By the
necessities of war deprived of the guiding and con-
trolling hand which had held in stern mastery
their earthly destinies, they are unused to rights
heretofore denied them, yet they know somewhat
of them by instinct and by association. No
matter how abject the slavery, the idea of free-
dom is in the soul, and when the friendly hand
has been extended the freedman has shown ca-
pacity and will to walk as a man among men.
What they require is to be made sure that they
are free, and to befurnished achance to woik and
to be guarantied their reasonable wages. Work
they understand. Their mothers worked before
them, and went down into dishonored graves,
cursed by the unpaid toil of bondage. But wages
they have not owned, and in the right to earn and
to enjoy them they find their manhood. Soon
they will find the place they have a right to fill.
Quick to learn, appreciating kindnesses, and re-
turning them with veneration and affection, earn-
est to acquire property, because that too is proof
of manhood, they ask but opportunity, and guid-
ance, and education for a season, and then they
will repay you some thirty, and some sixty, and
some an hundred-fold.
Without your legislation the freedmen able to
fight will be alienated from youreause; the freed-
men unfit for service, with the young and the aged
and infirm, will be a charge upon your Treasury.
But give the aid which this bill can secure to them
and you will quickly find not only that peace
which comes from duty well discharged, bat
material strength and a recompense of reward
which after all the expenses of your bureau
shall have been defrayed will contribute to your
wealth.
So shall this, your act, give to the freedmen of
i the South and to all the freemen whom you repre-
sent, " beauty for ashes, the oil of joy ibrmourn-
mg, and the garment of praise for the spirit of
heaviness."
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I move that this bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, where there may be the fullest
discussion of this whole subject.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the business upon the Speaker's table.
The morning hour has expired.
Mr. COX. I wish to state that the members
on this side of the House are willing that this
subject shall be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I hope that
will be agreed to by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASIIBUPvNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. COX. Who has the floor the next time
the House resumes the consideration of the bill
for the establishment of a Bureau of Freedmen's
Affaiis ?
The SPEAKER. The first'business in order
will be the gentleman's motion to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the House pro-
ceed to the business upon the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House amend-
ments of the Senate to House bill No. 122, to
increase the internal revenue, and for other pur-
poses.
