576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Fehrnaiy 10.
conscientiously opposed to war and who'pays
his $300. Let all stand upon the same footing'.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 73, noes
27.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 move to amend the origi-
nal text by striking out in the fust and second lines
of the section the words " members of religious de-
nominations," and inserting in lieu thereof " any
person;35"and also by striking out from the word
'.' arms" in line four down to the word il shall" in
line six, so that the section will read as follows:
Sec. 19. J3n<i be it further enacted, Tlmt any person who
shall by oath or affirmation dcclare that they are conscien-
tiously opposed to the bearing of aims ahull, when dialled
into the military service, bo considered non-combatants*, and
shall be assigned by the Secretary of War to duty in the hos-
pitals, or to the care of freodineu, or shall pay the sum of
$400 to such person as the Secretary of War shall designate
to receive it, to be applied to the benefit ot the sick and
wounded soldiers; and such dialled poisons shall then be
exempted from draft during the time for which they shall
haves been (halted.
Mr. GRINNELL. Is not that in the nature of
two amendments?
The CPIAIRMAN. A division can be called
for.
Mr. GRINNELL. Then I call for a division.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Chair
the amendment is in order.
Mr. GRINNELL. I do not insist upon a di-
vision.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, the effect
of this amendment is simply to exonerate from
bearing arms all persons who may file their affi-
davits or make affirmation that they are conscien-
tiously opposed to bearing arms, not in this par-
ticular war, but in any war. It seems to me that
if we exonerate a class of individuals who are
conscientiously opposed to bearing arms simply
because they belong to a particular religious so-
ciety whoso articles of faith prohibit it, we ought
to extend the exemption so aw toembrace all who
have conscientious scruples on the subject. I
cannot understand why il is that mere member-
ship in a particular religious society should ex-
empt a man because fie happens to have conscien-
tious scruples. It is not with the articles of faith
of religious societies that we have to do, but with
the conscience. The mere fact that a man lias
cast in his lot with the Quakeis, the Moravians,
or the Dunkers ought not to exonerate him un-
less we exonerate those who have conscientious
scruples against hearing arms who may belong to
some other religious society, or to none whatever.
We may just as soon exempt the one as the other.
It does seem to me thatif we retain this provision
of the Senate, and exempt Quakers, Moravians,
Dunkers, and those belonging tootherlike sects,
we ought to extend the exemption so as to include
all others who do not belong to these religious
denominations, but who are nevertheless consci-
entiously opposed to bearing arms. Place them
nil upon terms of equality. If we look to men's
consciences in drafting them let us put all who
are conscientiously opposed to military service in
the same category. Put them into hospitals, or
assign them to such duties as they ran discharge
without any violation of then* conscientious scru-
ples.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Chairman, I think that
the amendment proposed by the gentleman fioiu
Illinois should not prevail. I believe that it is
duo to the age, due to tho country, due to the
world, that we respect that religious class of per-
sons who are known as Quakers. I have seen
letters written by Quakers residing: in the Caro-
linas, who had fled to the mountains to escape
tyrants rather than serve in the armies of Jeff.
Davis. If you examine the conscription bill en-
acted in the rebellious States you will find that even
there, having found the Quakers would not fight,
they exempted them. Thus even the demons of
robe I! ion do not now drag i n to their service the Qua-
kers. In fact they could not. There is no power that
could compel them effectively to bear arms. Their
history shows that for more than two hundred
years no nation has ever succeeded in bringing
that denomination into the ranks as fighting men.
Their religious conviction and zeal are stronger
than the chains that would bind them or the dun-
geons that would confine them. We propose here
that Quakers who are drafted shah go into hospi-
tals. They make the best, being practiced, nurses.
Taking care of the sick is part of their religion.
They will render as good service and as valuable
to the country in that capacity as they would if
tKey went to the field and faced the foe. We
should not at this day trifle with religious scru-
ples and these men, who have laid the founda-
tions of commonwealths in peace, whose children
are reared in principles of peace, who have been
always in favor of peace and opposed to blood-
shed. We cannot put forth any claim to leligious
and Christian principles if we fail to respect the
conscientious scruples of men who have no new-
born ereed; who have been firm and decided in
their principles, and patriotic and just ascitizens,
ever sinflp-the nation has had an existence.
Mr. J. C. Allen's amendment was rejected.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move to insert after the
word " members" the words " in good standing."
Mr. SCI1ENCK. I inquire whetherthatamend-
ment is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to amend by in-
cluding in the words to be stricken out the words
" or to the care of freedmen."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
amendment is not'm order at this time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will it be in orderafterthe
vote has been taken on the pending amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It will be then in order.
Mr. GARFIELD called for tellers on Mr.
Sciiengk's amendment.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD. Before tho vote is taken,
I move to amend by striking out the last word.
I desire simply to speak one sentence to the com-
mittee. As the section now stands, the Secretary
of War is required to make a separate special
fund of all the money paid by persons of this re-
ligious denomination as commutation. We pro-
pose to strike out that language, leaving all the
money paid for commutation to go into the one
fund. The amount that would be received from
Quakers would not he worth the time and trouble
of having a separate fund established for it. This
does not interfere with any man's conscience. A
Quaker that is drafted can go and serve in a hos-
pital. The petitions that we have received on this
subject show that it would be quite satisfactory
to Quakers to be placed in care of hospitals or of
freedmen. We desire not to burden the Secretary
of War with the necessity of establishing a sep-
arate fund for the moneys to be received from
(.hat source. 1 thought that the committee did
not understand what the question was, and it
was for that reason that I called for telleis.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the committee un-
derstood it half an hour ago. It goes to the gist
of the question whether we are to coerce the con-
sciences of these men simply because we think
!hoy have erroneous ideas. The committee of
Quakeis asked for the provision made in the Sen-
ate bill. It satisfies them. They are willing to
pay the commutation money as set forth here,
and that will satisfy their consciences.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. A L.LEY. Mr. Chairman, 1 move to strike
out the last line for the purpose of saying a word
m reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gaii-
fikli>.J He says that that would be satisfactory
to those gentlemen who are here memorializing
Congress on this subject. I think that he is en-
tirely mistaken. Certainly in my conversations
with those who came here representing the reli-
gious Society of Friends 1 received no such im-
pression. On the contrary it seems tome to be a
grefit hardship upon that sect to adopt that amend-
ment. They to be sine would be allowed the alter-
native of serving in the hospitals, but they would
he compelled to enter that service during the war.
They would not obtain their discharge by paying
commutation money. Everybody knows, who
knows anything of the piofessors of that religious
denomination, that they think they cannot pay a
single dollar consistently into the Treasury to be
appropriated to any of the war purposes. No,
sir, they cannot pay the commutation money to
be appropriated to general war purposes; that
would be in entire violation of their faith. They
have held that view of the case from the begin-
ning, and with now and then an exception it'has
been universally adhered to by the Society of
Friends. It would he putcUcally saying to that
body of citizens, "You must enter the service,
and you may then be designated for duty in hospi-
tals; beyond that we cannotgo." And if they ad-
here to their religious faith, no matter how hard
the circumstances, they must be forced from their
homes into the service, for they cannot conscien-
tiously pay*the commutation money which shall
be used for general war purposes. 1 do not believe,
sir, that that is the intention of those who are in
favor of this bill at all. It seems to me from what
I have seen that it is the determination and pur-
pose' of Congress to relieve from all unnecessary
burdens this class of persons, and it certainly can
make no difference except a little extra trouble to
the War Department. If that is the purpose, then
the section ought to be retained as it is.
Mr. Chairman, this is no new thing to recog-
nize and respect the conscientious scruples against
bearing arms of the members of this Society. They
have been exempted in the State of Massa'chusetts
for more than a century from military duty m any
form, upon the certificate of the overseers of their
meetings that individuals are members of that So-
ciety, that they have conscientious scruples against
bearing arms. Massachusetts ever since the or-
ganization of hergovernment under the State con-
stitution, if I mistake not, with the exception of
a single year, has recognized that principle. Ac-
cordingly they have been exempted, as I have
said before, for neaily or quite a century in that
State. I believe, as was stated by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] that-there
is no class of persons more loyal or that ought
to receive all of the consideration from the Gov-
ernment that can be consistently given to them.
They have ever been loyal, and they are certainly
characterized throughout the country as not being
behind any other Christian denomination for their
benevolence, Christian character, and good citi-
zenship, and for performing every duty that should
be required of them. It was the declaration of
that great apostle of Democracy,Thomas Jeffer-
son, that that great leader of the Quakers and
founder of Pennsylvania, William Penn, was the
greatest lawgiver that ever existed upon tho face
of the earth sineu the days of Moses; and I be-
lie ve that all history does not furnish such trium phs
for civilization and progress by the use of the
sword as wcie furnished by that illustrious Quaker
in the practical operations of his conduct and
teachings to the aborigines of Pennsylvania. And
while 1 would not exempt them from their share
ofthc public bm dens in this hour of tiial and peril,
I would so far respect their conscientious convic-
tions as to give them tho privilege of serving their-
country and paying their money in such form as
will not compel them to surrender the faith of their
fathers. 5
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I would
not detain the committee at this time but for the
fact that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Allky] in what he has said has put me in a light
in which lam unwilling to stand before this House.
I was one of the few members of the Committee
on Military Affair*? who were in favor of exempt-
ing Quakers and the like religious denominations;
but that committee saw fit not to report the sec-
tion at all. I have been willing to exempt men
who, from their religious cieed, were absolutely
prohibikd fiom engaging in wai. I feared that
it was not practical to do so without making a
great distinction m favor of a class. Now, I am
m favor of the proposition of the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs to strike out the
last clause.
The gentleman fi*om Massachusetts says that
I have misrcpiesented the Quakers in this respect.
I think that I can convince him that I have not.
They objected to the commutation money being
expressly declared for the purpose of procuiing
a substitute to go into the Army. We obviated
that by providing that the money thus paid should
go into the goneial Treasury; and those Quakers
with whom I conversed and who appeared before
the committee thought that it would be paid, be-
cause they could not discriminate in a general
fund what went for war and what went for other
purposes. And therefore theact already passed,
providing for paying $300 into a common treas-
ury, obviates the entire difficulty in the case. I
have therefore not misrepresented the Quakers;
and the striking out of this clause, as suggested
by the chairman of the committee, will notin any
way interfere with their consciences; and not only
that, but it will leave them free as they were be-
fore.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask whether by a
