2598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Abundant means for guarding ourselves against the evil of
depending upon foreign vessels."
Tn the address of the Senate to the President
is the following:
" The navigation and fisheries of the United States are
objects too interesting not to inspire a disposition to pro-
mote tliem by all moans which shall appear to us consistent
with their natural progress and permanent prosperity.'5
This document, which contains the history of
the fisheries, is full of the opinions of the states-
men of that day on the subject. Jefferson rec-
ommended the encouragement of the fisheries as
" nurseries" for the Navy. The founders of the
Government and all the early statesmen of the
country held that this interest was not only a na-
tional industry, but one essential to the commer-
cial marine and the naval power of the nation,
and so they inaugurated this policy, the precise
policy which by the amendment of the honora-
ble Senator from Kentucky we are now asked to
repeal, to reverse, as if this were the time to
do it.
I desire to call the attention of the Senate to
another phase of this question. It is said this is
a question of bounty to the fishermen, and there
is no reason why they should have a bounty;
that bounties to industry are not expedient. Is
this the only thing upon which you pay bounty ?
Is this the only interest that you seek to stimu-
late by your favor? What is the principle that
lies at the bottom of these bounties? I have al-
ready said it is because the fisheries are essential
to your commerce. You must have a commerce,
and in order to have commerce you must have
sailors. Sailors come from their employment.
What is their employment? The fisheries. So
of the Navy.
in order to support the Navy it is said that you
must have skilled officers. Where are they edu-
cated? Why, sir, annually as the time comes
around for appropriations you find I do not know
how many thousands, perhaps f100,000, more or
less, appropriated for the support of the Naval
Academy. For what? Tell me, Senators who
stickle on this question as a constitutional ques-
tion, by what authority you ask me to vote
$100,000 for the support of fifty or one hundred
or two hundred boys for the Navy? Under what
power of your Constitution is it done ? Is there
any express provision on the subject? None
whatever. I suppose the framers of the Consti-
tution and those who inaugurated tins policy did
not find it difficult, however, under the power to
provide for the general defense, for the defense of
the nation and the general welfare, to educate one
hundred boys at the expense of J100,000; for what?
You must have a Navy, and you must have skilled
men for officers of the Navy. It is necessary,
therefore, to your Navy and to your naval power,
and so you make the appropuation for the Naval
School. But Senators who scruple not to make
that appropriation, when asked to pay #250,000 to
educate thirty thousand seamen, without' whom
your Navy is nothing and your educated officers
nothing, then have scruples, then they talk about
bounties, then they talk about fostering an interest
peculiar to a section.
It will be seen that the principle undeilying the
bill is the same, precisely the same. The au-
thority for making an appropriation for the Navy
is identical with the authority for making an ap-
propriation to encourage and educate the sailor
boy on board your fishing-smacks; and the ne-
cessity, allow me to tell the Senator from Ken-
tucky, is the same. If you can aflord to spare
anybody, you can the officer. You had better
withdraw your support from the Naval Academy
to-day than to refuse this appropriation.
Then, sir, in regard to the Academy at West
Point, on what principle do you maintain it? is
not the principle the same? Where in the Con-
stitution can you show mc the authority for an
appropriate of $250,000 to educate a few boys
Pomt ? It is said we must have an army.
What has this to do with an army ? It is to ed-
ucate the officers. Very well. I have always
voted for it; I am not arguing against it now; but
the principle which authorizes you to make that
apjpioprmtion to educate those young men is the
principle which lies at the foundation of this policy
of bounties precisely, and, I repeat again, the ne-
cessity for the one is the necessity tor the other. '
So, l\Ir President. to whatever department of'
the Grot eminent you look, you find that the prin-
ciple upon which these bounties were inaugurated
in the early period of the Government, and have
been uniformly and persistently maintained ever
since, prevails in regard to the subjects I have
mentioned; and the reason applies in this case,
and the same necessity exists.
But, sir, I feel obliged to notice another fact,
which I cannot but observe here in the Senate,
and which I attribute not to any disposition or
willingness to injure this great national interest,
but I have sometimes thought that it was not un-
fair to attribute it to a want of attention to this
subject: I find Senators here declaring their pur-
pose to vote against these fishing bounties, as they
are a bounty to a local industry or a local inter-
est, who feel no compunctions in voting millions
upon millions for interests that are entirely and
exclusively local. What is our history on this
subject? Let us see; let us state an account cur-
rent to-day, if you please, with the Senators who
vote for local appropriations, and who shrink from
voting an appropriation for these bounties. I take
it for granted that there are some subjects in this
country to be encouraged. I take it for granted
there are certain subjects that it is the interest and
the duty of the nation to encourage. What are
they? Let us see. How many million dollars
have we voted for railroads in the West? It is
very seldom that I see any of my western breth-
ren wince on a question of that kind, and 1 have
the honor of informing them that among those
who have been foremost* on this subject, I have
been neck and neck with them. I have always
voted for those grants. Do Senators know the
amount of appropriations that have gone out from
the Government of the United States to build
roads that are entirely local—no pretense of na-
tionality whatever except in a sense I will men-
tion by and by? Within the lust fifty years more
than, fifty-five million acres of lands have been
given to the States for local railroads, roads be-
ginning in the State and ending m the State. On
what grounds do we justify that? Will not some
Senator who has conscientious scruples about this
question be kind enough to put his finger on that
clause of the Constitution which authorizes this
Government to vote away its lands,give its lands
to an enterprise that is entirely local, to build a
railroad in a State over which the Congress of the
United States is to have no jurisdiction and no
control whatever? It is explainable, 1 do not
deny, to my own satisfaction at least, and I have
always voted for it accordingly.
it is on the ground that we have a right to do
what is conceived to be for the general welfare,
to contribute to the general well-being; and these
railroads coutubute to the general welfare in two
particulars. In the first place, they seive to en-
hance the value of oui own !ands, and so contrib-
ute to the general welfare. Inasmuch as they are
enhanced, to that extent the interestof the coun-
try is advanced. That is one particular. The
other is that they stimulate industry and promote
the settlement of those local States. u Well,"
says the objector,what has that to do with na-
tionality? What has the growth of Wisconsin or
Minnesota to do with the great nation r Let Min-
nesota and Wisconsin take care of themselves; the
nation has enough to do to take care of itself."
But what is the nation, sir? The nation is made
up of these communities and the like; and justas
these communities are prosperous and successful
so is the nation grand, great, and glorious; and
m that sense we vote these bills for railroads; in
that sense in the last few years we have voted
fifty-five million acres to these communities of the
West, who send their representatives here; and
some of them, I am veiy sorry to say, when a
question of this kind comes up, when the fisheries
are mentioned, turn up their faces as if they were
really afraid to encounter it, as if it was not purely
national, as if it were of a section—.sectional and
not national.
There are some other subjects upon which I
touch only by way of illustration, and only by
way of showing that there is an undue sensitive-
ness on this question. In my country one of the
prime objects of government, one of the first du-
ties of the State is the education of the children.
I will not stand here to say—certainly in no sense
invidiously—that the system is peculiar to New
England, but it prevails in New England, and it
prevailed at an eaily day, (lie State educated the
rhiid; but. look through (he length and breadth of 1
the Constitution, and you will find no obligation
on the national Government to educate children;
it is left to the States entirely; and the New Eng-
land system of education rests on the States, not
the nation. Yet what do you find? You will
find that within the last fifty years this Govern-
ment has donated to the new'States moie than
one hundred million acres of land—for what? To
endowschools, to found your systems of common
schools. My honorable friend from Minnesota
—I wish he was here—[Mr. Wilkinson] the
other day expressed his willingness to vote down
these bounties; forgetting that by the bounty of
this Government—1 speakitin nooffensive sense;
I am proud of it—Minnesota to-day is so endowed
that she can educate every child in the State on
the bounty of the Government. It is a wise pro-
vision; I would not wish it otherwise; 1 rejoice
that it is so; but when they are called upon to
vote a little penny bounty to stimulate .a great
national industry in which at least thirty thou-
sand men are engaged and $12,000,000 worth of
shipping employed, men reaping a somewhat
precarious livelihood, 1 beg Senators whooccupy
such positions toward the Government, and who
are sharing of its bounty in that way. not to look
with a sour aspect on this long-cherished inter-
est of the country, even though in some sense it
is of New England.
There are other points on which I might touch,
in the same direction, illustrating this whole ques-
tion, showing that this bounty to this New Eng-
land interest is not peculiar to New England; that
while the nation has been wise in providing for
this great national interest, it has not been laggard
in looking after the local interests of other sections
of the country; and I think if honorable Senators
will look at this question in that light they will
see that there is little occasion to complain of New
England that she is sharing a bounty from the
fisheries. I do not deny that it is the interest of
New England; I do not deny that I feel the deep-
est solicitude on this subject, as it is somewhat
peculiar to New England; but I rest the argument,
as I address it to Senators, on the fact that while
it is peculiar to New England, it is national in the
highest sense, and it is upon that aspect of the
case that 1 ask your judgments and your votes.
As lam obliged, Mr. President, in no invidi-
ous sense I beg to be believed, to make these state-
ments, to look at these current events in Ameri-
can history by way of vindicating New England
from what I understood to be the position in
which she was attempted to be placed, you must
bear with me while I run the comparison one
step further; and I ask Senators if they can af-
ford to do what is proposed just at this time. I
ask Senators who mean to prosecute this war
with vigor and to the end, I ask Senators who
want all our resources and want to stimulate all
the energies of the countiy to the utmost tension,
if they can aiford to do this, if you look, Sen-
ators, to the burdens which New England bears
to-day, I am inclined to think you will agree with
me that she ought not to be an object of youi
envy. Looking to the revenue bill under which
we have been collecting the revenues of the last
year, I find that New England with a population
of a fiaction over three millions, and a territory
which could all be ciowded into Virginia, pays
a fiaction over eight million dollars under that
revenue bill. I find by running the comparison
that eight western and northwestern and twoPa-
cific States, making ten, and six Territories, paid
only a fraction more. I do not complain of it.
Hut when you are collecting revenues of iNew
England, when her property is so situated and her
industry is so situated that it becomes necessary
thatshe should pay in that proportion, 1 ask Sen-
ators if this is the time to strike at interests which
she thinks vital and which thus contribute to the
national burden, and she thinks vital not only to
herself but to the nation at large.
And now, for the benefit of the Senator from
Kentucky, who takes so deep a solicitude on this
question, i would like to run a comparison be-
tween Massachusetts and Kentucky as to what
they are doing-in sustaining the nation in this
great struggle. I do it in no spirit of hostility to
thatState. Massachusetts has a population in the
aggregate of 1,232,000 according to the last cen-
sus; Kentucky, 1,065,000. Massachusetts has
assessed mi her, to be paid into the Treasuiy of the
Umad States to cany on this wai, ^7,310,OOU;
