1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1623
military law permitted a poor son or father to be
sentenced to death; men who have allowed and !
caused loyal citizens, some of whom were at the
death-bed ofadear friend and the grave ofadead
wife, to be seized without authority of law and
dragged to distant prisons, bastiles, and dun-
geons, and there incarcerated without trial or re-
dress, and without granting them that which two
thousand years ago was ihe birthright of every
Roman citizen, the right to know the offense with
which he was charged; men who have dared to
proclaim in defiance of the Constitution an insult
to the majesty of the law, and have caused great
political trade sales to be opened, and intrigue and
corruption to'put on their repulsive and despotic
robes, in which they have caused to be sold the
offices of the Army and nation, like the boaid of
a public auction, to the highest bidder; men whose
aliment is radicalism and passion, and by tht'ir
conduct, with their allies in the South, arrayed
State against State, man against man, father
against son, brother against brother, destroyed
all feelings of kindness and chanty between the
people of these United States, and from such con-
tanunatmg approaches caused the proud spii it of
liberty to flee, and war to silence the voice of dis-
putants while men are wrestling on fields of blood;
men who have boldly ptochumed through the
bloody edict of their President, in violation of the
organic law, that men are not capable of self-gov-
ernment, and that nine tenths of the people shall
be disfranchised and represented by such men as
the panderers and parasiu s to despotic rule, to the
numberof one tenth, shall by theirvotcs determ-
ine; who have deprived the people from worshiping
Almighty God accoiding to the dictates of their
own conscience, and turned congregations out in
the streets for refusing to pray for Abraham's
•royal highness, depi ived the people of the precious
right of suffrage by armed interference at the bai-
lor-box, and kidnapped and stolen the slaves of
loyal masters; men who have countenanced and in-
cited armed soldiers to burn and destroy the presses
and property of loyal citizens because they weie
Democrats; men who Jmve suspended the writ of
habeas cotpus throughout the whole United States,
and set the courts of the country at defiance, that
great wiitof pubhcantl private liberty which the
monarchy of England has not suspended in two
hundred years; men who in their mad efforts to
achieve power and revolutionize the noble insti-
tutions bequeathed to us by our fathers have
drenched the land in fraternal blood, shaken the
temples of American freedom to their foundations,
denounced the sacred and fundamental covenants
of the Constitution, broken in letter and spirit its
plainest precepts and vital principles, and pro-
claimed undying hostility to the Union as it came
from its framers; men who, by the mock tiial of
drum-head court-martial, have consigned to dun-
geons and banishments the noblest citizens and
purest patriots of the land ; men who have procured
to be passed an odious conscription law, which
places the life of every able-bodied citizen of the
land in the hands of a one-man kingly power, m
derogation of the rights of the States; men who
have mortgaged the property and resources of the
whole people to a system of unbounded paper
currency and a reckless and unbiidled extiava-
gancc; men who have violated State rights in the
partition of the Old Dominion*; men who have
overthrown by proclamations the whole domeshc
institutions and social organism of the States, and
have openly changed the whole objects of the
war; men who have draped the land in mourn-
ing, hunied hundieds of thousands to premature
graves, and have brought us to the verge of finan-
cial and national rum; men who have established
a host of spies, common informeis, and secret
police, who are prowling about the land seeking
whom they may devour; men who have sent
among the people great swarms of ofHce-holdets
in imitation of King George, of England, toward
the American colonies, to eat out the substance
•of the people; men who, in both Houses of Con-
gress, to a man, voted down the celebrated Crit-
tenden compromise, which, if passed, would have
saved the Union and ichcved us from this dread-
ful war; who at the commencement of this ses-
sion boldly ignored the divinity of Jesus Christ,
in the election of a Chaplain, by a stiict party
vote; who have attempted to make the/IYeasury
a mock-auction atid Peter Funk shop for the pur-
pose of buying and selling gold, with a sign over
the door that uncurrent funds are bought and sold
here; who have established a groat national bank
scheme, depitving the States of the power of tax-
ing miliionsof capita! invested therein; who have
caused the jewels, the flowers, the diamonds, and
the laces of the daughters of the public plun-
derers to turn the night of death to the poor into
the gay festive scene, while the patient, sad-eyed
daughters of labor and suffering have hunger m
their eyes, their hands worn and hard with cease-
less labor, their cheeks wan with care, disap-
pointment, and despair, in their fierce, relentless,
unremitting efforts to grasp with their thin frail
fingers their scanty bread, asking only to be suf-
fered to keep body and soul together, and save
enough to keep an aged mother, a helpless father,
an 01 phan household of bi othet s and sisteis turn)
the wolf of hunger that prowls about the door;
men who have used the people's money to buy
the freedom of the slaves to make them equal
with the poor white.
The spint of the people is too great to weep,
and their grief too mighty to be uttered, although
iniquity has been exalted, the Constitution trodden
under foot, the laws perverted, and the righteous
and true depressed and banished. This attempted
expulsion and gagging free speech are gieat tabla-
tures of the horrors of tyianny, of the scandal and
infamy ofservitude and debas ment.
in proof of how far human malice or ambition
is an overmatch for human wisdom, laws and
constitutions framed by the best and wisest men
have become the spoit and conquest of the worst
tyrants. Could wise laws have msuted the sta-
bility of a Government, that of Rome would have
been immortal, because besides adopting all the
best institutions of the free States ol Gieecr, In r
principal struggle and employment for some: cen-
turies was the seeming of domestic liberty by
wholesome law-J, and for laws and amis she was
the wonder and ghn y of theearth; but she, whose
force and policy no powei could withstand, not
even that of Gieece or Carthage, fell by the cor-
ruption, perfidiousness, and violence of her own
representatives. The only swoid that could hurt
her was her own; with that she trusted Caesar,
and Willi that lie turned upon and enslaved her.
Towei of itself makes men wanton and ciuel.
The most of the Roman enqx rors began their
reigns well, as Nero, Claudius, and Caligula.
Caesar was generous and humane to affectation,
but every passion and every sentiment will yield
to the ardent lust of'power, and had it not been
for his great and acceptable qualities he could not
have introduced public bondage. The hero and
the orator hid the usurper, and palliated at least
the usurpation. The acquiring and exercising of
power unconstitutionally is tyranny, and if such
usuipation is to be countenanced then there is an
utter end ofa! I right and wrong, public and piivate,
and every usurper will be a king or emperor,
and every magistrate will be a lawless tyrant.
I charge that the destruction of free speech and
press is a violation of every tie that can bind tIn-
human soul, of oaths, trust, and law; of every thing
dear to human kind; of peace, liberty, rights, and
possessions; but the very sound of the abolition
of slavery, the superstitious reveience paid to that
doctrine, its employments, iis victories ov  r the
rights of the white race and its great usurpations
aie all pompous images that dazzle ihe eyes and
give a false luster to the blackest iniquity, tyranny,
and despotism. But the severest oppressor can
never tie the hands of all the oppressed nor place
chains upon their resentments. Tite bulwai ks of
hbeity have been daily broken down and the peo-
ple lulled to sleep, until the best acts of radical-
ism have been but the sunshine of tyianny. Ct u-
elty nispiied by hunger is assuaged, but power
created by usui pation is never satiated and knows
no bounds. Government is a sacred thing and
justly claims all reverence and duty, but in the
idea of government is implied that of public pro-
tection and security; but when what was govern-
ment ceases, and those who control it become op-
pressors, and the power is swayed by evii doeis
to the destruction of those who do not agree with
their policy; when law, liberty, and older ate ban-
ished, propei ly violently seized without constitu-
i tional law, and lives wantonly destroyed to en-
force the doctrines of abolitionism, and iniquity
and radicalism prevail,?? is no longer a government
of law, but one of despotism and of tyranny, en-
forced toy the kingly idea of a one-man power. The
Fiench historians observe that the worst and weak-
est of their kings were fondest of dominion and
powei, and their best and wisest contented wnh
stinted power and the rules of law. Lewis XI
trampled upon the laws of his kingdom and op-
pressed his people, but he died in great misery and
terror, and his life, death,and memory were equal-
ly detestable; while Henry IV, who was born
with a soul great and generous, never violated nor
distrusted the laws.
I fear that before the people of the South will
be subjugated and exterminated, our conduct will
invoke the interference of the civilized woiid, or
cause them to cede the States to some European
Power. The governor of Louisiana,in his inau-
gural address of the 25th of Januai y last, says
that before they will submit to such terms they
will, in conventionassembledjWithoutadissenting
voice, cede the State to any European Power.
Where controlling power is arbitrary, the op-
pressed people are apt to think that no change can
make their condition worxe, and will often risk
civil war to beievenged on the Power. Such was
the temper of the Romans upon the revolt of
Saciover, who lejoiced tn it, and in hatred to Ti-
berius preferred success to a public enemy. JS'o
counti y govei ned by mere will was ever governed
well, because passion governs ihe will, and tho
measure of light and wiong and power without
the control of law aie not safe to be trusted to any
man. This power claimed by thepaity in power
is too mighty for the soul of man, and fit for none
but God, who cannot act unwisely or passion-
ately. To govern by meie will is to govern by
violence, and invites the people to thesame course
as did Ring James, who, paying no attention to
law, nor the rights of the people, put himself ill
a posture of waragainst his subjects, so that when
ih<y had recourse to arms they used them for
their own defense. Therefore the least attempt
upon public liberty is alai mmg; 11 will be repeated
often; a few repetitions cteate a habit, and habit
will claim prescription and right, as the nature
of man is such when public affairs are once dis-
concerted, it is almost impossible to restore them
to their first firmness, because numbers become
engaged m the coi ruption and will use all their
arts and power to support it, ami as it grows gen-
eral and extensive the public will sometimes es-
pouse and defend it, of which we have had an ex-
ample,and the torrent will become so strong as
to bear down authority itself. History is full of
instances where great and good men have fallen,
and d i awn down upon themselves a tragicul doom,
while stuvtng to restore the State.
Charles V held it to be a greater honor to be Count
ofCataloniathan Kmgofthe Romans,because the
Catalons were fi< e men and ihe Romans monk-
ridden, slaves of despotism and tyranny. Had
such as were champions for the exaltation of
Cicsar and Augustus foreseen what their race and
descendants were to suffer under the successors
of those usurpers, stooping and groaning under
despotic bondage, they would have quenched their
zeai and been snuck with hoiror. The laws of
war are claimed to vindicate the subversion of the
civil law, and the holygospel of peace and io\*e is
urged tn defense of persecution and tyranny until
we are compelhd to observe the strange inversion
of order and liberty, dignity debased, infamy ex-
alted , the functions of the Government prostituted,
the glorious name of America defiled, the orna-
ments of liberty trampled under loot, and the ad-
ministrators of justice corrupted. Rather than
support such violations of our organic law, I will
invoke the charitable judgment of the civilized
world and let posterity ptonounce the calm ver-
dict of a not far dutant future upon my integrity
in dissenting from the blind injustice of partisan
rage, and that posterity will judge those who now
have their Piaatorian guards, and pervet t the laws,
and through the vile breath of informers make
charges of treason against the Democracy of the
North and border States, as sanguinary tyrants
and oppressors of liberty and humanity.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. ROGERS. I ask further time.
There was no objection.
Mr. ROGERS. We we.-e told by General
Burnside, in his answer m the habeas corpus case
of Hon. C. L. Vailnndigham, that the Army
could not be induced to assist in the overthrow of
the Government and laws. That they are noble
and true I well know, but history informs u* thnt
