1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259^
Kentucky, $1,730,000; and the honorable Senator
from Kentucky thinks this is the time to strike
Massachusetts in the face! Massachusetts on her
income paid $1,628,000; Kentucky paid $408,845.
"While Massachusetts is thus giving of her treas-
ure to defend the nation, the honorable Senator
from Kentucky thinks it an opportune moment
to strike at this interest so cherished and so long
one of her material and essential interests. New
England was assessed for property $16,412,988,
and she has paid pretty much the whole of it;
and the ten other States and six Territories to
which I have referred were assessed $19,326,246.
When it is recollected that the latter have a pop-
ulation of some ten millions, and New England a
population of a fraction over three millions, and
all crowded into a little sterile patch of earth, 1
submit whether this is the time and the occasion
for crippling her in her interests and rendering
her less able to perform her duty to the Union.
Massachusetts lias paid into the Treasury of the
United States §10,048,592, Kentucky, $2,416,523,
leaving the balance against Kentucky $7,622,069;
and with that balance against the Senator, with a
population nearly equal, with a territory three
times as large, he thinks it is worth while to stand
here in the Senate'and badger New England, and
talk about New England interests as if they were
entirely separate and apart from the national in-
terests.
I have some statistics here in regard to the com-
merce of these States, in regard to the commerce
of the country, and the navigation of the country.
Of this great commerce, which is the glory of the
nation, does the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky ever stop to reflect how large a portion of
it belongs to New England? Of all the ships
built in this nation, thehttle State I have the honor
in part to represent builds one half of them an-
nually; and when Senators reflect upon that and
what proportion of her people are engaged in the
fisheries, they will see at once how sensitive her
people must be on thisquestion. And iTit really
had not the national importance which I attribute
to it, { submit whether Senators would not, es-
pecially if they will run down the parallels which
1 have instituted here to-day, be a little chary in
times like these of prosecuting a measure which
must be so detrimental to thisgreatinterest. But,
sir, I am persuaded that the Seriate is so well in-
formed ori this question of the comparative im-
portance of the commerce of the country that I
do. not feel justified in trespassing longer on its
patience. Therefore I take my seat,
Mr, HOWE. Mr. President, there is only a
single feature of the remarks just made by the
Senator from Maine to which { feel called upon
to reply. I have not had the pleasure of hearing
the whole scope of his aigument, and I am in-
clined to feel as if I wished I had heard the part
1 did not hear, and had not hear$ the pait which
I did hear. So far as the Senator from Maine or
any other Senator is able to defend the payment
of this bounty which I understand is under dis-
cussion, upon the ground of national necessity
or upon any other principle whatever, 1 am dis-
posed to listen and to conform to his views. That
it may not be defended upon such grounds,! am
not here to deny. I have always voted for the
fishing bounties; I am not prepared to say that I
shall not always continue to vote for them. I
believe New England has enjoyed them for over
forty years; and that certainly bars an ejectment,
and I believe it also bars a writ of right. It is
going to be, [ concede, a difficult matter to dis-
possess her.
Mr. DAVIS. She took an annual lease ofthem.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, it nidy have been renewed
from year to year; but repeatedly since I have
had the honor of a seat on this floor, whenever
a draft was intended on the Treasury for any spe-
cific purpose which the hiends of the measure
felt they could not defend upon principle, it has
been my misfortune to hear the West arraigned
as being indebted to the East, as havingsomething
to pay, and bound to go for it, principle or no
principle, upon the score of personal or local obli-
gation; and it is to that part of the Senator's re-
maiks that! beg: leave to submit a few woids of
reply.
Now, sir, I deny the indebtedness altogether;
I pifjad the general issue; we do not owe you a
dime.
Mr. MORRILL. The honorable Senator did
not understand me to put the question in that way,
I hope.
Mr. HOWE. I did understand the Senator
to put it m that way exactly.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 beg to disclaim intending
any such thing. I did not intend any such thing;
the furthest from it possible.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator might have been
entirely unconscious that he was trying to make
out a.case of indebtedness; but after all he did
state the account so specifically, and went into the
items so fully, that I thought I must either repu-
diate or acknowledge the indebtedness. He calls
to mind the millions of acres of land Congress
has granted for local purposes in building up the
Northwest; and that is one item, and one very
considerable item, in the account which he states
against us. I admit that you have granted a great
many acres of land to build railroads, but you
have done it upon two grounds: first, because you
wanted to improve your own lands, and therefore
you have provided for building the most popular
of all known highways through them,,taking
care, however, that the exact value of the lands
you gave away you assessed upon the lands you
retained. When you gave away an acre of land
worth ten shillings you put upon the adjoining
quarter section of land twenty shillings.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend give way
for a moment to me to make a motion?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that at half past
four o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess until
seven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. Had we not better go on a
couple of hours?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have been consulted
with in several directions, and it seems to be the
opinion that we should have a session this even-
ing.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Then, Mr. President, when the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrili.1 undertakes
to say you have been giving the lands to the
Northwest he is under a mistake. You have
been selling them; you have beeh appropriating
them to the building of these highways, one half
of them that you might get the other half im-
proved; and you have been governed byanother
consideration. You are manufacturing in the
East very largely, and you must get the bread to
feed your operatives somewhere. We are rais-
ing that bread for you; but we found it difficult
to get to market with it, and it came to you charged
with pretty high prices, and you wanted to en-
able us to get to market cheaper, to get our prod-
ucts at a lower price, and so you felt an interest
in the building of every one of those roads, and
every one of those roads is but a highway to your
own markets and to your own doors, over which
we bring the bread and the meat that you con-
sume yearly. That is another reason which has
governed the Congress of the United States in
making these grants. Thus I dispose of that
charge against the Northwest with these two re-
flections.
The Senator charges us also with the amount
of lands that the Congress of the United States
has donated to the several western Territories for
the purposes of education, and that is another
item of the indebtedness. If it is a debt at all,
unquestionably it is a very considerable one; but
how is the fact? When you had untold millions
and unsurvcyed millions there, you felt that you
were in the position of a man who had an ele-
phant. You had property which you did not
know what to do with, and you wanted men to
go out and culiivate^jt. You found that you had
something to do to encourage them to go. You
proposed to give one section in each township for
educational purposes. With th.it poor encour-
agement, the emigration of the East and the emi-
gration of the world has gone out there; and what
have you got to-day in return for it? You have
got an empire in return for these donations. You
think this is a display of great liberality. Mr.
President, building towns isa very common busi-
ness outthere in the Northwest,and no proprietor
ever undertook to build up a town on any harbor
there, or at the confluence of any two rivers, that
did not exhibit more liberality toward the early
settlors on his town-plot than the Government of
the United States has exhibited to build up those
great States which now nestle about the lakes;
and he never thought that he was out of pocket
in doing so; he found his account in it. If you
are not satisfied, let me say to the Senate, with
the returns you have got for this donation of a
section of land out of every township, if you are
not satisfied with the return that is made, if you
would rather depopulate those States and get back
your sixteenth section in every township, I think
you would make a mistake; but if you really
think the balance of trade is still against us, I wish
to have the account settled, and, as 1 said here once
before, I believe we are prepared to pay the bal-
ance in money, I do not want to be twitted with
it every time these questions come up.
Another item of the indebtedness is that New
England is paying a much larger share of the
revenues required now by the necessities of the
Government than the northwestern States. T
suppose I know how the Senator procured his
figures. I suppose he procured them by looking
at the returns from the different States and ascer-
taining how much was collected within those
States; and he assumes that whateveris collected
in Massachusetts is paid by the people of Massa-
chusetts, and whatever is collected in Wisconsin
is paid by the people of Wisconsin. That is a
very unjust way of stating the account. Setting
aside the amount of tax you pay on incomes, as
a rule we in Wisconsin pay what is collected in
Massachusetts, and as a rule you will allow me
to say that you in Massachusetts pay what is
collected in Wisconsin. Why? Because we
assess upon you a percentage on your manufac-
tures, which we buy and pay to you, and pay a
large commission, and thus we pay eventually
what is collected in Massachusetts, and you pay
in Massachusetts what iscollected in Wisconsin;
and why? Because it is collected from the dis-
tillers in Wisconsin, the distillers of whisky; that
is about the only article we make to sell to the
East, and as we do not drink that out there our-
selves, it is consumed, I suppose, in Massachu-
setts or elsewhere in the East. Thus it is charged
over upon the eastern States. So the Senator's
method of stating this account is not a just one.
Now, I want to say once more that we have no
complaint to make of the policy of the General
Government as it bears on the States of the North-
west. Whenever we have asked for any legisla-
tion, we have asked for it upon national and upon
public grounds, and I am very certain that when-
ever it has been obtained by us it has been granted
upon those grounds; and 1 would not have said a
word in this debate but for the fact that, repeated
I think as many as a dozen times during this very
session, I have heard these obligations supposed
.to exist on our parturged here in defense of some
legislation which it was supposed we were other-
wise hostile to. I do not want to hear it again.
As I said before, I do notbelieve in the obligation,
I do not believe in the indebtedness. Whenever
you have legislated in reference to us, you have
adopted such legislation as you supposed the pub-
lic interests demanded and warranted, and no
other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By a vote of
the Senate, the Senate will now take a recess until
seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p. m.
PETITION,
Mr.SUMNER presented a petition from women
employed as clerks in the dead letter office at the
Post Office asking for an increase of compensa-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (No. 469) extending the time for the com-
pletion of the Marquette and Ontonagon railroad
of the State of Michigan—to the Committee on
Public Lands.
A bill (No, 487) to provide for the execution
of treaties between the United States and foreign
nations, respecting consular jurisdiction over the
crews of vessels of such foreign nations in the
waters and ports of the United States—to the Com-
mittee pn Foreign Relations.
A joint resolution (No. 83) authorizing the Pros-
