THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES,^ASHINGTON, D. 0; '
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 18G4.
New Series No.'37/ <
prior section of thy bill it is not provided'that com-
mutation money shall be applied to the procuia-
tion of substitutes?
Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir, I think not. An
attempt was made to put on that provision, but
the answer to it was that it could not be carried
out as applied to districts.
Mr. THAYER. I move to strike out the last
word of the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. This debate hasgone on to
such lengths that I must insist that gentlemen
shall confine their remarks to tiieir amendments,
which, in this case, is the last word.
Mr. THAYER. I only want the last word. I
find in the. sixth section the provision to which I
referred, that commutation money shall be applied
to the procuration of substitutes, and I am not
aware that that portion has been stricken out by
the committee. If it has not been, of course the
argument of the gentleman from Ohio goes for
nothing. We must do either one thing or the
other in this matter. We must retain the section
as it is reported from the Senate, or we must strike
it out. It is in the highestdegree disrespectful to
the Q,uakers to propose that they shall be exempt
from service and yet shall be compelled to furnish
a substitute. Any one who knows anything of
the opinions of the Society of Friends upon this
subject, knows that such a provision, so far from
being a provision in their favor, would be regarded
by them as a mere evasion of their demand for a
fair and honest consideration of their conscien-
tious scruples.
I witbdtaw my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. PIKE. I renew the amendment merely
for the purpose of saying that in my judgment it
is much better to hnvo the £300 from the Quakers
than to have them as hospital soldiers. That is
the only question before the committee. Now
$300, together with some local bounty, will pro-
cure a substitute for active military service. To
give $300 to the hospital is the same as to furnish
it for other purposes, because it will take another
$300 to procure a substitute. For these reasons
i shall vote foi the bill as it stands.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr, SCHENCK. I move that the committee
rise, with a view to close debate on this section.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the Senate (No. 36) to amend an act untitled "An
act forenroilingand callingout the national forces,
and for other purposes," approved March 3,I8G3,
and had made progress therein but had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that when the House
ag'am resolves itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union all debate upon
the pending section be closed in half a minute
after the committee resumes the consideration of
the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.SCLIENCK. I move that the rulesbesus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself in to the Committee ofthe Whole on
thestate of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of Senate bill No.
3G, to amend an act entitled " An act for enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes," approved March 3, 18G3.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to strike out the
nineteenth section.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Upon that I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. J. C.Allen and
Mr. Garfield were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes GG, noes GG.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair votes in the
negative; and the amendment is not agreed to.
37
The question recurring on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Sciiexck, it was put, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Ohio. I move to amend
section nineteen by striking out all after the word
" non-combatant," and insert in lieu thereof the
words " and shall thereupon be exempt from that
draft."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. EDGERTON, I move to strike out the
nineteenth section, and insert what I send to the
Chair.
Mr. CRESWELL. Is it not in order first to
perfect the section before it is stricken out?
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to perfect
the section will take precedence.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the nineteenth section the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That no person shall be entitled to the benefit
of the provisions of this section unless Ins declaration of
conscientious scruples against boating arms shall be sup-
ported by satisfactory evidence Unit his deportment has
been umformly consistent with such declaiation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Edgerton's
amendment to strike out the nineteenth section of
the bill, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 19. And be it further enactcd, That in addition to
the prions exempted by section tluiteeu of this act, the
following poisons shall he exempt from draft, namely: all
minister-; of religion not encaged in any secular employ-
ment and m icgtilar ecclesiastical standing in any church
or religious society, who by the canons or laws ot Mich
chinch or society an: piohibiu dfiom hearingiumsoi taking
part in wai, under penalty of forfeitnu? their ministerial of-
fice; and all other prisons who shall, by oath or affirma-
tion, declare that they aie conscientiously and religiously
opposed to the beating ol nuns in war.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes twen-
ty-four, noes not counted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 move to strike out in
lines eight and nine of the nineteenth section the
words "or to the care of freedmcn."
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 53,
noes G7.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to add after the
word "denomination," in line six, the words
"adopted before the 1st day of January, 18G3."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of New Yoik. I move to
add to section twenty of the bill the following:
And when claim is made for the discharge of persons ui
any manner, in mihiaiy service and under th'; age of eigh-
teen .ve.us, without the consent thereto of hi* p.nent ot
gtianiian, the board of enioilment of hi* distuct shall hear
evidence adduced and doeide tli< icon, and, if found bv «ueh
hoard entitled to exemption on such claims, it shall dis-
ciuugi; such peison and strike his name fiom She enioil-
ment. P'loiuletl, rfueh per-on 01 his parent orun.u titan sh<ill
liist p;tv bnck, in «neh manner as Mull be directed by the
Provost M.itshal Geneial. all bounties, general and local,
and all clothing supplied bv the Government which he may
have received for cnteiing such scivice.
Mr. SCHENCK, I rise to a point of order.
That amendment is palpably out of order. It is
not germane to this section. It might perhaps be
in order as an independent section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York. Well, I will
offer it hereafter as an independent section.
Mr. STROUSE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Add to section twenty-one:
And any pet*nn churning exemption for any cau*e, and
believing hnn*ell aggrieved by the decision of the hoard of
enrollment, mav within ten <ia\- after such decision, ap-
peal to the district coutt ot the United States for the dis-
trict in which the appellant wa<* dialled; and the boaid of
enrollment shall eertny the ptoeeedings to said court, wheie
a speedy examination shall be had, and the decision of said
court shall be final aud conclusive.
I offer this amendment, Mr. Chairman, with
little prospect of its adoption, but with a faint
hope that some plan may be developed which may
enable the unfortunate victim of the illegal and
unjust decision of a district provost marshal to
apply to some tribunal for redress, and have jus-
tice done. As tin* law now stands, and as is con-
templated by this bill, every man, however much
entitled to exemption ft om draft under the provis-
ions of the act of Congress, is subject to the ca-
price, malice, ignorance, or prejudice of a petty
tyrant, clothed with brief authority, known as a
deputy provost marshal, and from whose decision
there lies no appeal. Some appellate jurisdiction
is imperatively demanded for the protection of our
people. Many outrages have been committed in
this matter of illegal holding to military service of
parties by partial, dishonest, and corrupt impro-
vised "captains and provost marshals" of the
different congressional districts. If the majority
of this House has not entirely ignored the rights
of the white man, then I beg leave to say with all
due deference to the superior claims of the negro
—slave and free, citizens of African scent—tljat a
passing thought n}ay be bestowed on the poor
and now subordinate white man, who, in the pros-
ent war for "universal emancipation," is Ifkieiy
to change place with the negro and become him-
self the slave.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to amend
the amendment by adding to it these words:
Provided, That th« President of the United .States sball
oi dei General Robert IS. Lee not to move on Washington
until the appeal is decided.
The amendment was adopted.
The question recurred on Mi'-Strottse'samend-
ment as amended, and it was rejected.
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York. I propose the
following amendment:
And when claim is made for the discharge of a person in
any manner, tit imliiaiy service, and under the age of eigh-
teen yeais, without itie eon-cut theieto ot his patent or
guauiuut. the board of enrollment of ins distuct Mmll hear sf
evidence adduced and decide thereon,aud if found by such
boaul entitled to exemption on such claim, it shall stnke
his name fiom tin' oniollmcnf: Provided, Such person or
his paient or guaidian shall first pay back in such manner
as shall be directed by the I'rovost Marshal General, ail
bounties, geneial and local, and all clothing supplied by the
Government, winch lie may have received for entering such
service.
Mr. Chairman, the main point of this proposi-
tion I submitted before; but I have changed it in
some respects. I am satisfied that the committee
did not understand that the amendment was being
voted on when it was introduced before. 1 am so
informed by gentlemen around mo. I certainly did
not understand it. I appeal to gentlemen on this
floor that there ought to be some provision of this
kind inserted in the bill. I appeal to their indi-
vidual knowledge on that subject. We meetcon-
stantly with cases where minors have got into the
service in some way without the consent of their
parents or guardians. Now, boards of enroll-
ment aie acting in a judicial capacity in the mat-
ter of exemptions; and my amendment only pro-
poses to extend their jurisdiction so as to let them
examine these cases. There is no provision of
any law, so long as the writ of habeas corpus is
suspended, by which a remedy for this can be
obtained.
I will not stop here to discuss the propriety of
the suspension ofthe habeas corpus. Some gentle-
men are disposed to revive it for the purpose of
meeting cases of this kind and other cases. I do
not propose it. 1 restcontent with this provision
if it be adopted. It is thought by some persons
that if the writ of habeas corpus was not suspended
the copperhead judges in some districts of the
United States might nullify the entire objects of
this bill. I hope thatgentlemen on all sides of the
House will so act upon this matter as to give a
tribunal for cases of this description, where minors
are in the service without their parents' consent.
Mr. GANSON. I would like to inquire of my
colleague whetherhis amendment covers the case
of enlisted men. ^
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York. It does, sir.
Mr. GANSON. I should like to know what
propriety there is in conferring jurisdiction on
these enrollment boards over that class of cases,
making them judicial tribunals to that extent.
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York. Enrollment
boards have now to pass upon the question of
minors enrolled and drafted, and Id^not see why
they .should not also pass upon the case of en-
listed minoiH.
Mr. GANSON. As I understand, these enroll-
