2600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
ftent to construct a military railroad from the
valley of the Ohio to East Tennessee—to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
VETO POWER IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. WADE. I wish to make an explanation.
When Senate bill No. 285, to regulate the veto
power in the Territory of Washington was under
-consideration, I was asked by the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] whether the people
of the Territory requested that the Governor
should be clothed with this veto power. I in-
formed him that by a telegraphic dispatch the
Governor and several of the executive officers of
the Territory had asked for it. I am also re-
ported as using this language:
"The Delegate froni that Territory says so. He says
that a great many transient people get into the Legislature
• without much responsibility, and that they are burdening
the people there with taxation, and he thinks the Governor
should have this power to counteract their influence."
I believe I made uee of language like that. It
was under these circumstances: the gentleman
• who handed me the papers stated at the time that
he wished I would present the bill and the papers
in the Senate, because the House committee re-
quested him to hand them over to me, telling him
tiiey wished the bill to be passed, and that they
could not introduce it so well as we could in this
body. 1 therefore took the papers find inquired
of him the reasons why the people wanted the
veto power conferred upon the Governor, not be-
ing very much in favor of that power myself, and
he informed me about the same as i stated in the
language 1 have read, as near as 1 can recollect.
He stated there were transient persons coming
into the Teiritory and going out, and they got
into the Legislature, and they had but little re-
sponsibility, and they passed laws without much
consideration and burdened the people with taxa-
tion, and therefore it was necessary that the Gov-
ernor should have this power. 1 supposed that
gentleman to be the Delegate from Washington
Territory; but it seems I was mistaken. The
Delegate has written to me saying that lie is not
the person; that he did not utter these sentiments,
and therefore F am bound to believe that it was
not the Delegate that came to us. 1 do not know
him personally. I did not ask the person who
came to me who he was; but I took it for granted
that he waa the Delegate. I do not really know
who he waa; but the gentleman who handed me
the papers made these remarks. Injustice to the
Delegate I make this statement, because he would
not like to have thesis remarks put into his mouth,
lie says, in a communication to me, that he is
opposed to the granting of this veto power.
WIIiMAM WUKMLKU ITintHiaT,,
Mr. RAMSEY. Will it be in ordei to move
to take up a bill or joint resolution?
The PUESIDENT pro tempore. Not without
postponing the tax bill, which is the business
lcgularly before the Senate, except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the bill?
Mr. ltAMSGY. it is a joint resolution which
lias passed the House of Krpivsent.wiv« s unani-
mously, and b«M'ii unamniuusly lepoi ted by the
Committee on Naval Allan's of the Senhte; itjsa
small matter, it is liouse joint resolution No.
51, relative to the claim and letters patent of Wil-
liam Wheeler Hubbell,
Mr. GRIMES. I object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing interposed, the motion cannotbeentertained.
Mr. RAMSEY subsequently said: i move to
postpone all previous orders, find pioeeed to the
consideration of the lesolnuon I indicated before.
The Senatoi from Iowa, afier looking at the les-
oluuoo, withdraws his opposition to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (S. No. 51) relative to the
claim and letters patent of William Wheeler Hub-
bell. Wilhum Wheeler H ubbt'H claims compen-
sation for theuseofhis patent for the tliutuleibok
shell and fuse, which he claims were patented by
him, mid have been used by the Government,
under a verbal o.ontract, as he alleges, between
him nnd the lato George Romford, colonel of ord-
nance of the Unfti'd States, and for the use of his
pstf-nt percussion apparatus for exploding shells,
tti.: It'iem i ati.nt tor wIikIi tu- dated January U'2,
lo5ti,icis3utd Jiinuuiy l'J, 1858, forfuuiteeTiyuus
for the shell, January 7,1862, for seventeen years
for the fuse, and January 24, 1860, for fourteen
years for the percussion device. As the testi-
mony in support of the claim submitted with the
patents, ana especially with regard to its validity
and the verbal contract mentioned, is very vo-
luminous, and the shells and fuses in the service,
which Hubbell claims, are made and used in great
numbers by the Government, and the committee
feel that they have neither the time nor means for
procuring witnesses and giving the case the care-
ful legal investigation which its importance de-
mands, the resolution therefore proposes to refer
the claim to the Court of Claims, which is vested
with jurisdiction, and whose duty it is to be to in-
vestigate and determine, first, is William Wheeler
Hubbell the original inventor of the shell and fuse
and percussion device aforesaid, or either of them,
and has he a just and equitable right to compen-
sation for the same; and second, whatamountof
compensation is he entitled to receive for the use
of his inventions and patents, as claimed, up to
the time of ad judication, and for a full and entire
transfer of his patents to the United States.
Either party may appeal to the Supreme Court
of the United States within ninety days, and the
Court of Claims is to certify any judgment that
may be rendered in favor of Hubbell, his heirs,
or legal representatives in the same manner, and
when presented to the Secretary of the Treasury
it is to have the same effect as now provided by
law, and be paid out of any general appropria-
tion in relation to judgments of the court, or for
private claims; but the sum hereby authorized to
be paid is not to exceed $100,000, which sum the
claimant agrees to accept in full of all claims
whatever by virtue of his patents and contract
against the Government. And the payment of
such judgment is to vest the full and absolute
right to the patents in the United Slates.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
IDA IIOJ'FMAN.
Mr. FOSTER. I have a little bill from the
Committee on Pensions in favor of the widow
of a man who was killed in attempting to ariest
a deserter, that I believe would not be objected
to. I will move, at all events, to take it up. It is
Senate bill Wo. 289, for tlie relief of Ida Hoffman.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second tune and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Ida Hoffman,
widow of the late Solomon Hoffman, of Carroll
county, Indiana, who was shot and instantly
lulled nil the 14th of March, ]8G,'i, while engaged
in the performance of the duties of deputy pro-
vost marshal, on the roll of pensioners, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence
from the 14th of March, 18(i3, and to continue
during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oulered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
EIIODA WOLCOTT.
Mr. HtJCIfALEW. There is another little
pension lull on the Calendar, repoited from the
Committee en Pensions, which I move to take
up. it is liouse bill No. 290, for the relief of
Ilhoda Wolcott, widow of Henry Woleott.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which had been reported from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, with an amendment to stnke
out all of the original bill after the enacting clause,
in the following wonts:
That, tile tW'en'tary ot tlu- Intcuor he, and hereby, di-
reeled to issue to Rhoda Wolcott, widow of Horny VVol
cott, deceased, who was a private m liie company of
'• New York United States detached militia,'' of the regi-
ment commanded by Colonel Thomas B. Benedict, a cer-
tificate or' pension, winch sb.iil grant to the said Rhoda
Woleott a pension of iuui dollars per month, commencing
on the kMth day ol December, 1812, the tune or the decea.se
of f>atd Henry Woleott. and to continue during the natural
life of the >anl ilhoda Woleott: Fiovided. however. That
in tiie event of the marriage or death ot the >«\id Ilhoda
Woleott, the i-aul pen-ion t-tidli vea-e: Aho frovided, Th.it
all pledges or mortgages of the said pension shall he void,
and that the said pension shall mure solely to the use and
benefit of the said Khoda Wolcott.
And to insert m lieu thereof:
Th.'t the .Se^ietaiy ot the Intejior he, and he is hereby,
outhorj£< d and drieeted to place tin; name of Rhoda Wol
cott, widow of Henry Wolcott, who was a private ma com-
pany of New York United States detached militia, of the
regiment commanded by Colonel Thomas C. Benedict, in
the war of 1812, oil the pension roll, at the rate of lour dol-
lars per month, said pension to begin on the 1st day of
January, 1861, and to continue during her widowhood.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Pennsylvania why the committee
recommend that this pension shall date buck to
1861. That is contrary to the practice of the Sen-
ate hitherto, or what used to be the practice when
I was a member of that committee.
Mr. BUCK AJLEW. It is because the proof of
the case in the Pension Office was made complete
on that day.
Mr. GRIMES. But it seems to me that there
is no proof, or else there would not be any ne-
cessity of appealing to Congress. If they could
appeal to the Commissioner of Pensions and sub-
mit the proper proof to him, the pension would
date from the time the proof was completed; but
it seems that 
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator is mistaken.
The law has been changed within a few years, so
that a pension commences now from the time the
proof is filed, whether it is complete or not. That
is the law passed a few years ago.
Mr. GRIMES. I do notknow when that change
was made; but our rule in the last Congress, or
the last Congress but one when 1 served on the
Committee on Pensions, was that the pension
should only commence from the time the papers
were filed here and the proof was completed.
That was the rule upon which the Senate always
acted.
Mr.BUCKALEW. lhave notthepapershere,
but the case is not a doubtful one.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for n third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
FRIENDLESS WOMEN AND C1IILDKEN.
Mr. MORRILL. If the Senate do not wish
to act on the tax bill at this moment, I should
like to call up a small bill that will not take more
than live minutes. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 3$3.
The motion was agieed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 883) to incorporate the
Home for Friendless Women and Children.
The Committee on the Distnctof Columbia re-
ported the bill with various amendments. The
first amendment was to strike out from the list of
coiporators the following persons: Jane Ashton
Alexander, Anne E. Husted, Susan Schiemer,
MaivmaTolson, Mary E.French, Elmira White,
Myra Grace Ruggles, Elizabeth E. Holmend,
Eiiza Doroey, Hannah Holmend, Sallio E. Coo-
per, Ellie R. Cooper, Maigaret F. Calvert, Anna
H. liastman, Mary Thomas
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment was to strike out tho third
section of the bill, as follows:
Sue. ii. Jlvd be it fuilhcr ena<te<l, That there shall lxj a
boaul of fifteen female manager.-, to be seleeted limn the
various religious-denomination* of the city ol Washington,
oi Daniel of Columbia, to conduct the bu-iuu^sot the cor-
poration, for tiie puipo^es afote-aid, in Mich manner as
shall be prescribed by its eoi^titmion or by-law-, as the
panic may be adopted oi altered liom lime to tune: Pio-
vidcd, That nothing in said eom-utution or by-laws shall
be inconsistent with any law of Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,lines
four, five, and six, to strike out the following
words: " and six other ladies to be selected fioni
the membeis of such association by the ladies
named;" so that it will read:
Slc. -1. %/lnd, he it further cnacte.l. That Mary T. flay,
Eh/.aM. Morris., Elrzd Wade Fitzgerald, Geoiglana Speak.-,
Emily 15. lluggief-, Indiana Plant, Jane P. Jam"", Mary
Graham, Maria Virginia Brown, shall constitute the board
ol managers, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section sL\, line
sixteen, after the word "Columbia" to stnke
out the words "and the board of counselors
created by this act;" so that the clause will read:
The said board of manager*, may, in their di.-eretroa,
place such child to service with some pioper person under
articles of indenture, to be executed in due form of law,
with such provisions for maintenance and education as
shall be approved by one of the judges ot the -aipmne
court ot the DiMiietof Columbia.
The amendment was agreed tu.
