1624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
Cromwell's conquest of his country was made by
troops the most sober and bestdisciplined that the
world had then seen, and that with the best of all
the Roman armies Cajsar established himself ty-
rant upon the thtone.
The honor and paths of men cannot be trusted
where it is in their power to control millions of
people. Henry III signed, sealed, and solemn-
ly swore to observe the great charter with many
terrible execrations upon himself if he broke it.
Yet he violated his oath and bid open defiance to
aii oaths, all charters and laws, had recourse to
avowed oppression, but gained nothing in the end
but the just recompense of such enormous meas-
ures, shame, scorn, and beggary. It shows that
power is a brutal and hideous thing when not
tempered by reason and law. It is enough to
mortify and grieve any candid man or woman who
wishes well to humanity to see this great nation
die, its liberties overthrown, human nature so pit-
ifully debased, and human understanding so fa-
natical. I give warning to those who have violated
their solemn obligations and destroyed our liber-
ties and laws that we intend to be freemen in spite
of their wicked attempts to enslave us.
We are told by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Smith] that the South shall be exterminated
and peopled with better people, and their lands
sold to pay the expenses of the war; but I inform
those who advocate that doctrine that the Ro-
mans found more opposition from the little free
State of the Sammies than from all the absolute
princes in the world. Such is the mighty differ-
ence between freemen and slaves, and between
men who act for themselves and men who breathe
and act at the mere mercy of another. The Laee-
dsemoniansandRomans for many ages, on account
of theirinviolable attachment and supportof their
constitutions, were so remarkable, enlightened,
prosperous, and happy; and it was through the
violation of the organic law and the decay of na-
tional integrity that Athens was near being de-
stroyed in the Peloponnesian war. This resolu-
tion of expulsion and piogramme of this party are
made up of causes similar to those that occasioned
those long and desperate civil wars which almost
destroyed the great and powerful kingdom of
France, ft is private ambition carried on under
public pretenses. The preseivation of the Union
ix the outward appearance and pretension, but
the selfish attachments of the abolition fanatics
to the higher law is the secret soring that pro-
duces then* pernicious edicts and despotic acts
which are weakening and impoverishing the na-
tion and debauching the nobler principles of the hu-
man mind and thun sacrificing the interests and
the very being of the nation to the low, narrow,
and ambitious designs of furious factions, and if
sanctioned by the people at our coming election
must sap the vitals of our political existence and
crumble this glorious fabric in the dust. Is it con-
ceivable that such gross violations of the organic
law, apparent to the common understanding of
nil mankind, shall be suffered to be cnfoiccd un-
questioned and receive that honor and confidence
which their authors in the zenith of their good
fame had placed upon them by the esteem of their
countrymen? Will the assembled people of the
land receive with calmness find indifference the
fiats of usurpation until the mighty strides of des-
potism shall overwhelm them, and see the lives
and foitunes of millions, and the safety of pres-
ent and future ages jeopardized, or will they go
to the ballot-box and redeem their country from
all impending tyranny?
If this usurpation of the Constitution be not
stopped it will lead to the debauchment of our
Army, the plunder and devastation of our lands,
homes, and firesides, the irredeemable dissolution
of our Union, and, I fear, an interminable civil
war among the people of the North. Let us re-
deem the country at the ballot-box, and vote from
power those who are forging chains to fasten us
to the car of the abolition Juggernaut, and by bal-
lots repel that despotism which would wicst the
inestimable gem of liberty from us. Let us no
longer give ear to the siren voice of pseudo-phi-
lanthropy. It is a cursed delusion, adopted by
fanatics and recommended by sycophants.
The Athenians ruined their State by a mad and
expensive war upon Sicily, they having such an
ambition of conquering her that they refused all
offers of compromise, the result of which was that
they exposed themselves to the attacks of the
Lacedemonians, to the revolt of their own sub-
jects, to domestic disorders, and the change of
their Government, and were at last conquered
entirely by Lysander, the States subject to them
set at liberty, and themselves subjected to the
dominion of thirty tyrants, so that they never
after recovered their former glory. The Lace-
daemonians afterwards fell into the same folly and
met the same kind of a fate. By lording over
Greece theydrewupon themselvesa combination
of Greek cities, which together, especially the
Thebans under the famous Epaminondas, de-
spoiled them of their authority soon after their
triumph over Athens. The Muscovite, by falling
upon the King of Sweden, roused a tempest that
came near overturning his throne, and by refus-
ing the most honorable terms of peace, and urg-
ing his revenge, taught his enemies that bravery
and discipline which nothing could teach them-
before, and he had his own brave army routed
by forces he despised; he was driven from his
dominions a fugitive in a country of infidels, and
his provinces were cantoned out among his ene-
mies, who before had offered to compound with
him for a moiety of their own dominions.
It only proves how foolish is the reasoning of
passion, and (hat it leads men to throw away
strength to gain weakness. If this Union can be
restored by an honorable compromise it will be
no ordinary triumph, and those who have been
the means of bringing it about will be proud to
claim thegloiy. The flashing eye of liberty will
then glance from the upturned face of despotism
and disunion to the scenes of those heroic achieve-
ments which the spirits of our revolutionary sires,
at the commencement of this contest, invoked us
to emulate, and instead of beholding the equality
and mixture of the white and black race in one
common blood, will look beyond the gulf of ab-
olition and the plains of amalgamation to the tow-
ering columns of the Constitution, whose base
broke the waves of radicalism, and saved the na-
tion in its dying agonies. We must not forger
that the land of Auica, whose sword shook and
whose civilization conrpieied the world, had the
superficial urea and about one thiid the agricul-
tuisl productiveness of a moderate-sized county
in the State of New Jersey; and I warn the aboli-
tionists of this land that, though they may be
the greatest conquerors that ever trod the eaith,
they can never amalgamate the white and black
races; and lfabohtionism and amalgamation are to
be conditions to a restoration of the Union, (which
both cleat!y are to the abolitionists, and the one
is expressly made so by the amnesty proclama-
tion,) the Union will never be restoied, and those
who me now such conditional Union men will
meet the same disapprobation of the civilized
world that Napoleon did for his wanton rage upon
the rights of God and man; and although he was
the Gallic Caesar who led his armies over shat-
tered kingdoms, whose armed power shook the
world, decimated Europe, caused millions of man-
kind to perish, until there was scarcely a habita-
tion, from the polar seas to the Mediterranean,
where the voice of lamentation was not heard
over slaughtered kindred to swell the conqueror's
strength and glory, yet France fell back to her
ancient limits, and Napoleon died a repining cap-
tive upon a rock of the ocean; and while Napo-
leon was refusing all overtures of peace and char-
ity, one of the fathers of Democracy on this side
of the ocean was seeking to aggrandize his coun-
try by conciliation,compromise,and peace. He
used no armies, shed not a drop of human blood,
caused not a tear of human woe, and without im-
posing a single act of despotism upon his people,
and with the hounds of consolidationism and war
lapping at the life blood of the nation, and advocat-
ing precise! )Tthe same doctrines that are now advo-
cated by the party in power, he acquired by com-
promise permanently for his country more fertile
domains than the sway of Napoleon ever owned
or the glory of his plume ever floated over. The
advocates of compromise and peace were then
met by a party who used the same arguments that
are now used, that it was dishonorable to offer
terms of peace to a determined foe, and that the
dignity of the nation required war, who leaped
from one inconsistency to another; acrid f pharisa-
ical, and controlled by a selfish partisanship, they
resisted the settlement, acquisition, and compro-
mise despeiately to the last.
Those who luwc and do advocate an honorable
compromise will not have their souls steeped in
the blood of those who have and will yet be
slain for want of it, and the spirits of the gallant
officers and soldiers who have been sent to an un-
timely grave have borne to the bar of divine jus-
tice no accusations against them. I shall notnes-
itate to advocatean honorable compromise,based
solely upon a restoration of the Union, nor hesi-
tate or swerve from the great purposes and true
interests of the country, notwithstanding the
yelpings, bowlings, and snarlings of the hungry
pack who are living upon the blood and misery
of the land, and hunting down every man who
dares develop their purposes, because, when I
reflect upon the awful and solemn events which
surround us, I can but weep for the unity and lib-
erties of my country, and 1, in these once sacred
HallsofCongress, raise my humble voiceand call
upon every man, woman, and child in this land
and entreat them to advocate some reasonable
compromise before our country's doom shall be
forever sealed. My soul sickens at the radi-
calism and fanaticism of the age, unnecessarily
squandering away our resources, wasting our pub-
lic treasure, and spiling the people's bfood. An
honorable compromise will snatch from the rude
hand of usurpation the violated Constitution of
our country; it will pieserve that instrument in
foi m, substance, and spirit, a prccious inheritance
for generations to come; and as the furnaces of
Egypt lighted Israel to the land of Canaan, and
Moses by divine command led the children of Is-
rael out of the house of bondage through the Red
sea into the land of liberty, so will the spirit of
conciliation and compromise lead us to the enjoy-
ment of liberty and a united Union.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to de-
mand the previous question; but, sir, I under-
stand that a point of order has been before made
by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. £l-
dridge.] If I can surrender the floor for the de-
cision of that point of order I will do so.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 ask the gentleman from
Indiana to hear me for a moment before he calls
for the previous question.
Mr. COLFAX. I will hoar what the gentle-
man has to say.
Mr. PENDLETON. I only desire to say to
the gentleman from Indiana that there are three
or four gentlemen on this side of the House who
desire to express their views on the subject.
They feel that it is an unusual thing for gentle-
men to be called on to exercise the plenary power
of the House without expressing their views on
the particular case in which it is invoked. They
think it is a very hard thing, when the question
involves free speech, that the power of the pre-
vious question should be bt ought to bear to prevent
the exercise of free speech on the question. There
is no disposition, as the gentleman well knows,
unnecessarily to prolong the debate or to stray
into matters not connected with the pending prop-
osition. I feel it to be the best plan for the gen-
tleman to adopt, as the most in consonance with
the feelings of the House and justice, to allow the
debate to go on until these gentlemen have been
heard.
Mr. COLFAX. If I consulted my own feel-
ings I would yield to the request mtxde by the
gentleman from Ohio; but my duty to the public
business and to the public interest compels me to
insist on my demand for the previous question.
This debate has run to a length that every gen-
tleman must be satisfied has been fair and ample.
It has extended from Saturday morning last up
to this time. 1 was asked by gentlemen on the
other side of the House to call for the previous
question on this question on last Tuesday; but I
was anxious to give as large an opportunity for
discussion as could be fanly asked. I have al-
ready subjected myself to the censure of the pa-
pers, and perhaps I ought to have called for the
previous question on Tuesday evening last. It
was debated all day on Tuesday, and Tuesday
night, and Tuesday afternoon I gave notice that;
1 should ask the House,at half past twelve o'clock
to-day, to second the demand for the previous
question.
If this debate be allowed to be further continued
we do not know where it is to stop. I understand
there are fifteen members whose names are upon
the list asking to speak. How many more will
feel it to be their duty to be heard if the previous
question is not moved ! cannot tell. Some twenty-
