1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2601
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of section seven the following proviso:
Provided, That no surrender of any such child shall be
made under the provisions of this section, unless such sur-
render shall, on examination, be approved by one of the
judges of the supreme court of said District.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
-eight, in the following words:
Sec. 8. Jln-l be it further enacted, That there shall be a
board of counselors for said corporation, consistingof seven
gentlemen, citizens or residents of the District of Colum-
bia, four of whom shall, on and after the first Monday of
May, A. D. 1865, be elected annually at the meeting of the
associates for the election of managers; and that the Sec-
retary of War, the Secrctaiy of the Treasury, and the mayor
Of the city of Washington >hall, ex officio, be managers of
such board from and after the passage of this act; and the
manageis of the boaid shall, as early as practicable after
their organization, elect by ballot four gentlemen as mem-
bers of said board, to hold ofiice until the first Monday of
May, A. D. 1865, and till their successors shall be chosen.
It shall be the duty of this board of commissioners to ad-
vise the board of managers, fiom time to time, in repaid to
the interests ot the association, and for thp promotion ot
the objects thereof. Four members of the board of coun-
selors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of busi-
ness ; and no pui chase of real estate shal I be made, and no
lease, sale, or mortgage of real estate shall be executed by
or to said corporation without the approval of a majority
of the board of counselors.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine, line
four, to strike out the words the board of coun-
selors^after the word " treasurer;" so that it will
read;
That the board of managers may clect from their own
number a president, vice president, and secretary; and
they may further elect a tre«©urer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
ten, as follows:
Src.10. And be it further enacted. That no manager nor
member of the board of counselors shall receive or charge
any coinpensatiorf for any services rendeied to the institu-
tion or corporation by virtue of her or his ofiice in either
boaid: Provided, however, That tile treasurer of the cor-
poration may receive such reasonable salary or compensa-
tion for assuming and discharging the duties of the office
as shall be determined by the coneuirent resolution of the
board of managers and the board of counselors to be just.
The amendment was agreed to.
; The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read the
third time. It was read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS. I will inquire of the Senator who
reported the bill if the corporators are all white
persons.
Mr. GRIMES. I can inform the Senator that
they are white; at least they were when last heard
from. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. That satisfies me.
The bill was passed.
INTEUNAL REVENUE.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that we now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 405) to provide in-
ternal levenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses, the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Powell to repeal the fishing boun-
ties.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I had no idea
when I offered the amendment to this bill, the ob-
ject of which is to repeal thebountieson the ton-
nage of vessels engaged in the cod and other Bank
fisheries, that I should throw the very able Sena-
tor from Maine [Mr. Morrill] into such a rage.
The Senator has exhibited wonderful temper.
He discussed the question with a hotandearnest
zeal that in my judgment but little comports with
that steady and cool temper that characterizes the
people of the section fiom which he comes. In
my reply to the honorable Senator I shall not fol-
low him in his hot zeal. I will take the matter
very coolly, and state to the Senate very calmly
the reasons I have for striving to repeal the law
indicated in the amendment that I propose.
The Senator very adroitly tries to avoid the true
issue. He takes a tilt at creation generally. lie
runs a tilt at me and at my colleague, and then at
the whole Northwest. He vindicates New Eng-
land with great zeal from chaigcs thathave never
born made against that people. He ehargessome
with liuving changed their notions about New
England; he charges others with having hatred
to New England all the while. The Senator will
get me off on none of those issues. It is not my
purpose to say anything specially against New
England or anybody else in this discussion. I
have no hatred toward New England or any part
of her people—none at all.
He quotes fiom a speech that I made in which
I spoke of New England, attributing to them a
characteristic that I did not think the honorable
Senator would deny: that they were fond of thrift
and gain. 1 made that charge in no ill-temper,
although I confess when I made it I was some-
what excited, for my State had been heavily as-
saulted by three honorable Senators from New
England; but if 1 wanted any evidence to estab-
lish the fact beyond doubt that our New England
friends were fond of thrift and gain, I should want
nothing more to prove it than the Senator's zeal to
save to his people these little fishing bounties.
The zeal of the honorable Senator establishes
the fact that our New England brethren are very
tenacious, and hold with a death-like grasp to
any little advantages that legislation may give any
of their interests.
The Senator runs a parallel between Massachu-
setts and Kentucky. I am not going to take up
that parallel. He says that Massachusetts pays
very great taxes to the Government, and Ken-
tucky and other western States pay very little.
He says that the little New England States upon
a barren soil pay more than ten other great States
in the West. I dare say all that is true. I will
merely say in passing to my friend that had Ken-
tucky and the great West the bounties that his
people have upon vessels engaged in this fishing
business, upon their pigs, their cattle, their pota-
toes, their corn, and all their products, they would
have untold wealth. If the people of the great
valley of the Mississippi were fostered and pro-
tected in their industrial pursuits as New England
is by the present tariff system, they would have
untold millions of wealth. But, sir, we are the
recipients of no such favors from the Government;
and I do not intend, so far as I am concerned, to
allow New England to be the recipient of this
little bounty, as the Senator calls it, on fishing,
any longer if I can possibly avoid it.
The Senator tells us that New England never
surrenders. I concur with the Senator in that.
New England never will surrender any privileges
that odious and unjust laws take from the other
people of the country and put into the coffers of
her citizens if her Senators can possibly prevent
it. They will never surrender any odious dis-
crimination made by the laws in favor of their
industrial pursuits. They were never known to
surrender such a thing as that. But, sir, I hope
that this Senate will decree that the great States
of Maine and Massachusetts may be compelled
to let go of these fishing bounties.
The Senator speaks of the constitutionality of
this law. He speaks of the bounties that have
been conferred upon the western people by rail-
road grants. All that has been sufficiently met
by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.]
I am not going to enter into any of these collat-
eralissues. The Senator, however adroit he may
be, will not lead me off into any argument ot that
kind.
He says that the antiquity of these fishing
bounties ought to shield and protect them. Why,
sir, if the Senator and his constituents were less
tenacious of gain, having enjoyed this immunity
and privilege so long, it strikes me, in this day
of trial when our people are taxed m such a man-
ner as they can scarcely bear, they would be will-
ing to. yield it for a time, at least.
But, sir, what were the icasous for the estab-
lishment of this policy? The Senator has stated
the argument, the one that I have heard stated
over and over again in this Chamber whenever
there is an effort made to repeal these bounties,
that it is to foster the fisheries as a nuisery for
seamen. I think it probable at the beginning of
the Government that might have been the case
when we had no merchantmen afloat, or it any
very few, and our mercantile marine was small.
Thenitmight benecessury toencourage this fish-
ing business by bounty as a nursery for the train-
ing of sailors and making expert seamen. Hut,
sir, even before this war commenced 1 believe we
had the largest mt rcantile marine in the world.
That is a sufficient nuiscry for our seamen. You
cannot navigate ships without men trained to the,
art and mystery of navigation-. ■ What more nurs-
ery do you want than to have the largest quan-
tity of ships of any country in the world engaged
in commerce on the ocean.' Certainly you can
want no more.
But, Mr. President, I believe that the princi-
ples upon which these bounties were given were
wrong. I'do not think a bounty should be given
to any portion of the people, and those bounties
be paid by taxes gathered from the other portions
of the people, to encourage any branch of indus-
try or promote any branch of industry. All the
protection that I would ever give would be the
incidental protection arising under oar revenue
laws. I would give no more.
There have been paid from the beginning of this
Government something like fourteen or fifteen
million dollars to the persons engaged in the
fishing business as bounty. The State the hon-
orable Senator represents so ably, and which he
represented so zealously to-day, receives the lar-
ger portion of these bounties. According to my
recollection of the tables I think Maine and Mas-
sachusetts receive about four fifths of them, and
I think that Maine receives more than Massachu-
setts. That, however, is an immaterial question.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has sub-
mitted a table on the subject which exhibits the
bounties that have been paid recently. I have
not looked into this question since the war com-
menced until I glanced over the table shown me
by the Senator from Ohio, but before that time
I got the tables and examined them very closely;
and I examined very closely the reports matle on
the subject. Mr. Guthrie, during the Adminis-
tration of President Pierce, made a report on this
subject, in which he said that about one half the
money obtained was by fraud. He said he thought
it more a nursery for perjury than for seamen. 1
think', at this time, when the country is pressed
for money at every point, we should not pay
something like half a million dollars annually
in bounties to Massachusetts and Maine, or to
the people in any part of the country.
It is not because these bounties are paid to the
people of Massachusetts or Maine that I desire
their repeal. If they were paid to the people of
California or to the people ofthe West,North, or
South, I would go for their repeal, because I
think the principle is wrong, and the reason, if
any valid reason ever did exist why those boun-
ties should be paid, has long since ceased.
If New England has the millions of wealth of
which the Senator boasts, she might well give up
this little matter. While the people there are en-
joying such wealth and able to pay such enor-
mous taxes as the Senator has indicated to-day
that section of the country pays, wlitle he shows
that other regions of the country are poor, I do
not think, in an hour like this, wealthy as they
are, it is magnanimous on their part to exact from
those who are so much poorer than themselves,
this tribute. But, sir, 1 never knew a miser to
cry that he had enough. These money-sharks
and irioney-hoaidersand money-lovers grow more
avaricious every day. I suppose if, through the
instrumentality of high protective tariffs and high
bounties upon fishing interests and protection to
every other pursuit of New England, they were
to quadruple their wealth, still they would be un-
willing to give up any little tribute which they
wiung by taxes from the hard earnings of the peo-
ple of the less favored regions of the country.
The very exhibition of the wealth of that region
of country is an argument against the Senator,
why they should be compelled, if they have ncft
the magnanimity to do it willingly, to yield this
tribute which they take from the taxes wrung
fiom other portions ofthe people; yes, sir, wrung
from the hand of poverty and toil.
But, Mr. President, the Senator has utterly
failed to show any valid reason why the law au-
! thorizing these fishing bounties should not be re-
i pealed. Theonly argument that he has presented
| that has validity, is one that docs not now exist,
'• and that is that the fisheries are a nursery for sea-
!' men.
'! Sir, for the reason 1 have stated, that ill our
]! merchant serviee we t:mpioy men enough to tiairi
ij our sailors, that consideration if it ever did exist
1 has no validity now; but m this our day of tiial
and war, judging from the tabular statement that
my friend from Ohio has exhibited here, 1 do not
