1626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
but it is important, in the interest of free speech,
to have a vote on closing debate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Anderson, Ashlev, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, lieaman, Blaine, Boyd, Broomall,
Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Ool«,Creswell, Dawes, Demlng,
Driggs, Dumnnt, Uckley, Frank,Garfield, Gooch,Grinnell,
Higby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, John II. Hubbard, Jenckes, Ju-
lian, ICasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando ICellogg,
Loan, Loag.vear, Marvin, McBricle, McCiuig, Mcfiidoe,
Samuel F. Miller, Moirill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers,
Leonard Myers, Ode!!, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson,
Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William H. Randall, Alex-
ander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Sclienck,
Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Spalding, Starr, Stebbin?, John
B. Steele, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Upson, Van Vaiken-
burgh, William B. Washburn, Webster, Wilder, Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—75.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Wilham J. Allen, An-
cona, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Uliss, Routwell, James
S. Brown, William G. Blown, Chanl^r, Clay, CofiYoth,
Cox, Cravens, Henry Winter Davis, Dawson, Denison,
Eden, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fmck, Ganson, Grider, Hall,
Harding, Harrington, Benjamin G. Hutrh>, Herriek, Hol-
lxian, Hutchins, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kalb-
fleisch, Kernarc, Kings I>atv, Lazeai, Mallory, Marcy,
MeDowell, McKinney, james 11. Morris, Morrison, Nclhon,
Noble, Noiton, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pruyn, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, James  . Rollins,
Ross, Scott, Wilham G. Steele, Ptrouse, Stuart, Tracy,
Voorhees, Waul, Elihu B. Washburne, Whatey, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Williams, VVinfield,
Fernando Wood, and Ycaman—71.
So the main question was ordered to be now
put.
During the roll-call,
Mr. FENTON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Wahsworth.
Mr. HOOPER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Eliot, had been called from the House and had
paired off with Mr. McAllister.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. COLFAX. "Where are we?" was the
emphatic question propounded by the eloquent
gentleman from the first district of Ohio, [Mr.
Pendleton,] on Tuesday last. I answer him,
we are in the Capitol of our'nation. We are m
the Ilall where assembles the Congress of tins
Republic, which, thank God, in spite of conspir-
acy and treason, still lives; in spite of enemies
open and covert, within and without our lines,
with and without arms in their hands, still lives,
and which, thanks to our gallant defenders in the
field, will live as long as time shall last. u Where
are wc?" said he. 1 will answer him in the lan-
guage of his colleague, [Mr. Long,] whose speech
is under review:
"From the day on which the conflict began up to the
present hour, the confederate army has not been forced be-
yond the sound of their guns from the dome of the Capitol
in which we are assembled. The city o! Washington is
to-day, as it has been for three ye.ns, guaidcd by Fedet.il
troops in all the fort-? and fortifications with which it is
Mirrounded, to prevent an attack fiom the enemy."
And yet, sir, while we are thus placed "in this
fearful hour of the country's peril,"as the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Long] says in the opening
paragraph of his speech; while the scales of na-
tional life and death are trembling in the balance,
while our veterans are in the front seeking to
save the life of the country, and willing to seal
their fidelity if need be with their hearts' blood,
with the enemy almost at the very gates of your
capital, at such a time as this the gentleman from
the second district of Ohio lises in his seat and
declares that our Government is dead; nay, more,
that it is destroyed; and then, having thus con-
signed it to death and destruction, he avows
boldly that he prefers to recognize the nationality
of the confederacy of the traitois which has caused
this alleged death of the Republic to any other
alternative that remains.
(t was on that account that I felt it my duty to
bring this resolution before the House. The gen-
tleman from Ohio would lower the banner of
beauty and glory that floats above us to-day, be-
tokening that the Congress of the United States is
in session; he would pluck from the brilliant gal-
axy that glitters in its azure field eleven of its
stars; he would allow in that diplomatic gallery
some Mason, some Wigfall, or Beauregard, as
envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary
from a foreign nation planted, over the graves of
our murdered sons and brothers, upon soil that
belongs to the United States. Nay, more than
that, lie would allow the heights of Arlington to
frown with hostile batteries, menacing our delib-
erations as wc sit here in the Capitol
The gentleman's colleague from the Columbus
district, [Mr. Cox,] on Saturday last, said my
course was "extraordinary," and that remark
seemed to be the key-note of most of the speeches
that followed from that side of the House. But
there is-a parallel and a justification. I call the
gentleman from Ohio himself to the stand. On
last Saturday he rose in his place and said, allud-
ing to his colleague, [Mr. Long:]
" He did not speak for his Democratic colleagues. They
met this morning in caucus for the purpose of disavowing
any such penturjents as those which are attributed to him.
They have authorized me so to declare to this House, in
justice to them and their constituencies."
Sir, it was" extraordinary " when a speech had
been delivered here—nay, it was unprecedented —
for the colleagues of the gentleman who delivered
it, of his own political faith, to regard it as then-
duty to their party to hold a caucus and authorize
one of their number solemnly to disavow and re-
pudiate it upon this floor, if that can be done for
the interests of party, should I be criticised for
asking this House to condemn it solemnly to save
the country and the country'scause from its dele-
terious effects? Is the country to be cared for less
than the interests of party ?
Mr. PENDLETON rose.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 cannot yield unless my time
can be extended, for I only have an hour to an-
swer the speeches on the other side, and to analyze
the speech now under review. But I do not wish
to decline to yield if the gentleman says that I have
made a misstatement of his position.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment to correct a mistake.
Mr. COLFAX. I yield forthat purpose,though
anxious for all my time.
Mr. PENDLETON. I only want to say that
my colleague did uot speak in my behalf in mak-
ing that state mem, and, so far as 1 know, there was
no caucus of the Ohio delegation.'
Mr. COLFAX. 1 quoted fiom the Globfe.
Mr. COX. I ask to say a woid.
Mr. COLFAX. I will yield if the House will
agree to extend my time. [Cries of "Agreed!"
"Agreed!" from the Democratic side of the
House.]
Mr. COLFAX. I will yield, then,of course.
Objection was made.
Mr. COLFAX. I must proceed,then, without
interruption.
The gentlemen on the other side, every one,
indeed, who have referred to it at all, have been
kind cnousrh to speak of my impartiality as the
Presiding Officer of the House. [ thank them for
this testimonial, which I have endeavored to de-
serve. But at the same time most of them have
expressed " regret"that J leftthe Speaker's chair
and came down upon the floor of the House. 1
have, however, no regret; noteven denunciations
of the press, nor the strictures of members upon
this floor, to which I have listened in respectful
silence without intei ruptine; them, have caused
me a moment's regret. I did it in the perform-
ance of what seemed to me an imperative duty,
from conscientious conviction, and from no per-
sonal unkindness toward the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Long.] 1 have no personal unkindness
toward him or any human being who lives upon
the eaith. And if u had been understood when,
as a Representative from the ninth concessional
district of Indiana, your kindnessand confidence
placed me in the {Speaker's chair, I was to go there
fettered and tongue-tied, and to leave the people
of that district disfranchised, that for all time to
come during this Congress I should not speak
for my country, I should have thanked you for
your election, but would have rejected and spurned
the commission.
I stand upon this floor to-day by no " conde-
scension " from that responsible position. No,
sir. In that chair lam the servant of the House
to administer its lules, but on this floor the equal
of any other member, no more, no less.
Duty is often unpleasant, sometimes distasteful
and repulsive; but,sir, the man who will not fear-
lessly discharge his duty is not fit to be in pub-
lic life. If my brother, under the solemnity of
the stringent oath taken by members of this Con-
gress for the first time since its enactment, had
made this speech which now lies before me, I
would have done the same toward him as tovvaid
the gentleman from Ohio, not that I loved him
less, but my countiy more. As I stated in the
opening of this debate, if the House did not re-
buke and condemn this sentiment, you would have
no right to complain of foreign countries recog-
nizing this rebel confederacy, which the gentle-
man from Ohio was willing to recognize. Nay,
more, if this was the support which you gave to
the soldiers whom you have sent to the field, if
this was the aid and comfort you gave them they
would have the right to turn upon us, and say,
"You called us forth to fight the battles of the
Union, while you in the Capitol allow men to make
speeches which will he quoted with joy in thecon-
federate congress, which will strengthen the arms
and sinews of the men we have to meet in battle
array, while they paralyze and discourage us."
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
ridge] the other day appeared to doubt my state-
ment that this resolution was introduced upon my
own responsibility, and said he could not but be-
lieve there had been some consultation. I repeat
the statement that I conferred with no member.
Knowing it was a grave responsibility to assume
I proposed to take it alone. The only member of
this House to whom I stated my intention was
the gentleman who now occupies the chair as
Speakerpro tempore, [Mr. Rollins, of New Hamp-
shire,] who was notified but five minutes bufoie
twelve o'clock that day that I intended to occupy
the floor. Not even the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Grinnell,] who moved that day to dispense
with the reading of the Journal, which has been
regarded on the other side as part of the arrange-
ment, knew anything about it; and he will-bear
witness to it.
Mr. GRINNELL. I knew nothing of it.
Mr. COLFAX. But 1 did consult with one
life-long friend, and after telling him my puipose
he said, " Do you not know you will make your-
self the target of attack?" 1 told him, yes. I
had countcd the cost, and was willing to be made
the target of attack for the sake Of my country
and for the sake of the thousands of my constit-
uents who have gone into the terrible arena of
struggle on the battle-field, and who now them-
selves are the target of attack for the sake of the
country they love. I would have done it had I
lost thereby the honorable privilege of occupying
that chair to which your partiality eluvakd me,
or if it had driven me into private life, because it
was my duty to do it.
On Saturday morning, after the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with, I rested a moment,
as may be remembered, and it was to see if any
other member would offer the resolution—for 1
would have been glad to have seen it come from
the other side of the House—but as none did, I
took my place upon the floor as a member and
offered it.
I desire before proceeding to analyze this speech
of the gentleman from Ohio, in which its exact
language shall be quoted, to review rapidly a few
personal remarks which have fallen from gentle-
men upon the other side of the House.
The gentleman from Ohio, from the Columbus
district, [Mr. Cox,] was pleased to speak—al-
though he bore testimony to my fairness—of my
" condescending" to come down from that chair
to offer this resolution. But there is an illustrious
example in one whose shoe-latchet 1 may not be
worthy to unloose; and who in times gone by, in
timesofwar, filled that seat. I allude to him, " of
lion heart and eagle eye," whose name is closely
associated with a large part of our past history,
and who during our last war with Cheat Britain,
when he represented the Lexington district of
Kentucky and was Speaker of this House, came
down from that chair, and frequently upon this
floor entered into the debates of this House, 1
have looked at the history of those times, for I
desired to protect myself against any charges of
departing from the privileges of this body.
Mr. MALLORY rose.
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot yield unless my time
is to be extended.
[Cries of "Agreed."]
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman I suppose
will not object to my relating in detail an event
in the history of our country, when Mr.Clay, who
in 1812 was Speaker of this House, descended
from his place as Speaker to the floor to reply to
remarks made by Josiah Quincy, of Massachu-
setts. 1 wish to ""observe to the gentleman from
Indiana that those lemarks were very intemperate,
I will not say treasonable, because, deeming there
is no treason in this case at all, comparisons
