fBE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
laUtee and report the bill to the House, with
the recommendation which I send to the Clink's
desk to be read.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Now
Yoik moves that the committee  isc and report
Lhe bill to the House, with a recommendation that
it be referred to the Military Committee with cer-
tain Instructions. While an amendment is pend-
ing in Committee of the Whole such a motion is
not in oi*der.
Mr. CRjESWEL<L. I desire to say a word or
two in reply to the remarks of the distinguished
g£i?tleman from Kentucky. The matter of negro
enlistmentahas been carried on in Maryland toan
Osteal which I, suppose Kentucky has not yctex-
,£efi§nced. As far back as six months ago the
matterw«&there canvassed,and received notonly
tEe^attention of the people of Maryland but such
attention as induced a conference wah the War
Department in this city. The people of Maryland
after canvassing the subject m every light, after
having borne the burdens of this war as they had
done up to that time without intrenching in any
way upon the slave interest of the State, determ-
ined that the time had arrived when that portion
of our population should be called upon to per-
form its duty in endeavoring to crush out this
rebellion.
in Maryland, as in most of .the other border
slave States, there are two classes of population,
the one the slaveholders, and the oilier the non-
slaveholders. In the district which I represent,
Imv-ing a total population of 146,000, there are
93,000 whites, 88,000 free negroes, and 25,000
slaves. Out of the 93,000 free white people there
are not more than 4,000slaveholders. In my dis-
trict there are, between the ages of sixteen and
sixty of male slave population, some G,600 capa-
ble of bearing arms. In my district alone there
had been, previous to the lastdraft ordered m Oc-
tober, some five or six thousand, perhaps eight
thousand white men furnished for the service of
the United States.
When the d i aft of October was ordered the ques-
tion qame home to my people, and the issue was
then definitely presented as between the non-
slaveholders and the slaveholders. The slave-
holders furnished comparatively few men for the
war. They either paid their commutation money
or furnished substitutes. But when the non-
slaveholders were drafted, in number nineteen or
twenty to one, they were compelled to go because
most of them were destitute of the means where-
with to pay the commutation. Gentlemen will
remember that in assigning the quota to the sev-
eral -States the population was first reduced to
federal numbers, and the assignment made upon
that ratio, and that in assigning the proportion
among the several districts and counties federal
numbers were also regaided, so that the free while
people of my district during this war have been
compelled all the while to furnish men to represent
not only their ninety-three thousand whites but
the other fifty-t hi ee thousand—twenty-eight thou-
sand free negroes and twenty-five thousand .slaves.
They labored under that burden until the last
draft was ordered, and that, too, without grum-
bling.
And not only that, but the non-slav< holders in
Maryland have submitted to taxation to support
this institution almost unparalleled. If gentlemen
will turn to-day to the code of public laws of
Maryland they will find that in every ease of the
conviction of a slave in any court of an offense
punished by death or sale it is the duty of that
court to assess the full value of the slave to the
end thai payment may be made to the master out
. of a fund derived from taxation levied upon the
whole county. They will find further that un-
der the code of Maryland all property except
slaves is assessed by sworn assessors to its full
cash value.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Ci ies of " Go on," ** Go on," and " Object,"
44 Object."
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I object.
The CHAIRMAN". Objection being made,
the gentleman cannot proceed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
In the first place the Government will only pay
loyal white nn*n $100 bounty after the 1st of March
next. It is only by virtue of the joint resolution
1 a few weeks ago that $300 bounty is being
paid until the 1st of March for the purpose offill-
ing up the old regiments!. Iceitainlyam notgo-
mg to put $300 into the pocket of the slaveholder
because he puts his slave into the Army when
a is his duty to put him into the Army anyhow
without bounty. We of the North have putour
sons into the Army.
Mr. CRESWELL. Will the gentleman allow
me one word on this question of the compensa-
tion of slaveholders?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. CRESWELL. The question ofthe value
of slaves was recently fairly tried on the death of
one of the distinguished Carroll family in my
State. An appraisement of his property became
necessary, and respectable gentlemen acting under
oath set dowii the value of the negroes at five dol-
lars apiece.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will this interruption
come out of my time?
The CHAIRMAN. It will.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I must decline
to yield fuither.
Mr. Chairman, we payno bounties to the loyal
colored men in the northern States who enlist,
and we pay them only seven dollars a month
wages; and I am not going to vote to put money
into the pockets of slaveholders and not into the
pockets of loyal black men at the the North. Fur-"
thermore, 1 am a little opposed to buying slaves
anyhow.
Mr. SMITHERS. Mr. Chairman,I rise simply
for the purpose of expressing my opinion veiy
briefly upon the subject which now attracts the at-
tention of the House. Coming from what is ordi-
narily termed a 41 border State," a State in which
the institution of slavery exists,! beg leave to
say to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Clay]
that we have no scruples there in relation to this
question. 1 know not how it may affect other
States. I speak only for my own.
Mr. CLAY. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask lam a question, just to show how the system
he supports would operate ?
Mr. SMlTHEIiS. 1 will answer a question
with pleasure, but 1 do not desire the gentleman
to interpolate a speech into my five minutes.
Mr. CLAY. 1 will just ask a question. We
have been discussing heie day after day propo-
sitions to equalize tins thing of putting men into<
the Unaed Scales Army. No w suppose that one
man owns one negro and another ten negroes,
will you take all the negroes of the man who has
ten ?
Mr. SMITHERS. 1 will say in relation to
that, that when Maryland was subjected by the
War Department to a draft of her slaves, Dela-
ware was left out, and a deputation from Dela-
ware came here and requested the Secretary of
Warto extend the order in relation to Maryland to
Delaware also. We weie anxious that the slaves
in our State should be put into the Auny of the
United. States and form part of our quota. I can
see no reason myself why a slave should not be
taken just as much as the -sou of the white man.
I agree entirely with the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [ Mr. J'outwell] that
while under the laws of partieulai States a slave-
may be prop* rty, yet he is nevertheless a man,
and I say to you without hesitancy that no prop-
osition could < nianate from this House that would
hi' more popular m Delaware than one to take her
slave population from her.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to amend
the amendment by sinking out so much of it as
provides for the payment of $300 to the owiu-i
of the drafted slave, i do it upon this ground:
if the slaves are liable to military duty at all they
are liable to military duty on the same ground as
every person is who owes obedience to the laws;
on the same ground that the citizen of the coun-
try, the subjects of the country, the denizens of
the country, owing tempoiary allegiance to the
Government, are bound to defend it. if they owe
military service we owe the master nothing for
taking what the .slaves, owe. If they do not owe
military service to the country 1 do not mean,
for one, to buy slaves for soldiers. In my judg-
ment they do owe military service to the Gov-
ei nment. Can anybody contend for one moment,
in the eye of reason and common sense, that four
million men, strong, stalwart, and energetic, and
who have proved themselves on the field of battle
to be as courageous as white men, more amenable
to discipline, and more inured to the vicissitudes
of climate and to daily labor—can anybody sup-
pose that that great body of men are not liable to
be taken by the law for the defense of our coun-
try? If they are it is because they owe the duty
to the Government; and if they do we owe the
masters nothing for taking them.
Gentlemen say—and I am ready to meet the
objection—that you are likewise taking the prop-
erty of the owner. I beg pardon, sir. The son
owes to the father labor by the law of every State
in the Union as assuredly as the slave owes the
master labor. We do not make the slave a free-
man by taking him for a soldier. We may make
provision that he shall be free thereafter. The
obligation of military service is not at all incon-
sistent with the obligation of service to the mas-
ter afterwards. When the son is taken, when
the apprentice is taken, somebody is taken who
is quite as dear, quite as necessary, quite as val-
uable to the father and to the employer as when
the slave is taken from the master. In other
words, where the obligation of military service
rests, the law pursues it and insists upon it, leav-
ing the burden of other losses to follow the neces-
sities of the times. For these reasons I make
that motion.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Chairman, I think that
no legal proposition is better established in this
country than that property is held in slaves. I do
not mean that the person of the slave is property
and can be used as property, that he can be killed
and eaten like a hog, but that men own properly
m the labor and service of slaves in this Country.
The gentleman from Maryland has lived his whole
life, 1 believe, in States where ibis law exists, and
where, I have no doubt, he has held to the validity
and correctness of that law, to Us existence, at
least if he believed the law ought not to have
existed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I have never dis-
puted it for a moment.
Mr. MALLORY. The President of the Uni-
ted States, in n conversation that I had with him
on a remarkable occasion,observed to me, "1 do
not believe that property in slaves ought to exist;
but I know that property in slaves doesexist,and
is held by a tenure as stiongas that by which any
other property is held; and I know that the Gov-
ernment of the United States has no more right
to deprive you of that property m slaves, of the
labor of your slaves, w ithout that just compensa-
tion mentioned in the Constitution, than the Gov-
ernment has to take from you any other property
without a just compensation."
I think, Mr. Chairman, that the question is
narrowed down simply to this: if the Government
of the United States have the right to take from
me my property in the service and labor of my
slave it is restricted and limited by that provis-
ion of the Constitution which says that private
property shall not be taken without just compen-
sation. Then, I ask the gentleman from Mary-
land, how is just compensation ascertained? Is it
done bya law ofthe Government fixing it, or by
any ex parte proceedings of that kind ? He knows
it is not. Ho knows that that would be unjust
and unconstitutional. If you propose to com-
pensate the owner of a slave you must ascertain
the value of the property as you do the value of
any other properly that the Government chooses
to lake for its use. You mustascertain the value
of that property as you ascertain the value of land
taken lor a road, by a jury summoned under a
wiitof ad quod damnum. The amendment of the
gentleman fiom Maryland ignores this right, vio-
lates it in a plain, distinct, and palpable manner,
and is contrary to the Constitution ofthe United
States. And that gentleman, if he would speak
his opinion freely, would acknowledge that. I
oppose the amendment.
Mr. ODELL. 1 move that the committee do
now rise. This is a fresh subject, and I want to
start fresh on it.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawks reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union
had hnd under consideration, as a special order,
j the bill of the Senate (No. 36) to amend an act
! entitled <{ An act for em oiling and calling out the
j national forces, and for other purposes, "approved
j March 3, 1863, and had come to no conclusion
j thereon.
