1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2603
instances, not so striking as that, perhaps, but
almost equally remarkable in our history.
Mr. FOSTER. Commodore Hull had been a
fisherman himself when a boy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir. It was deemed,
For these reasons, by those who went before us,
the men of the Revolution and the men who suc-
ceeded to the Revolution, wise men as they were
considered in their day, Mr. Jefferson being one
of the leading men and the first to recommend the
^system of which we speak—not so wise, to be
'sure, as we are; of course they cannot be con-
sidered so, [laughter;] not so familiar with what
is for the good of the nation as the men of the
present day, judging from the estimate which we
seem to have of ourselves, but in the eyes of
others perhaps quite equal to us in statesmanship
and wisdom—they thought it was best for them,
in a country like this, to build up such a class of
men, to encourage them, to sustain them, and to
have them always ready at call; and it has been
found even in this war that we have drawn a
large number of men from that very source to
navigate our vessels of war. Many of our best
shipmasters, men who are now serving in the
Navy as masters, and masters' mates, and en-
signs, are men that were educated in these very
fisheries, and they have done much of what has
been done in achieving the successes we have had
in the Navy.
There was one other ground which seemed to
our ancestors a matter of justice. We had in
those times pretty heavy duties on salt, and we ex-
ported agood deal of fish. "We have pretty much
lost the foreign market now, I understand, owing
to causes which are obvious to everybody at pres-
ent. In the first place, I believe a drawback was
given for the salt duties; but it was found vety
difficult to ascertain precisely what that was. As
the salt duties went down that ground failed, and
the argument was on the part of Colonel Benton
and some others, that there being no duties on salt
there was no occasion for the bounties. The
bounties took the place of the drawback precisely.
Instead of giving a dr&wback, the Government
simply gave a bounty on the tonnage with a view
to cover this loss. Now look at how we stand, be-
cause the events of a nation sometimes return upon
it. We are now in war and want sailors; we are
now in war and want money; and we impose very
heavy duties on salt. I am informed, and look-
ing into the duties as they stand, I presume it to
be true—the estimate has been made by one of
the collectors in our State—that we pay thirty-
three cents duty on the salt that is used in every
quintal offish, which is one hundred and twelve
pounds. Now seethe disadvantages under which
this poor class of men labor. The best fisheries
are right at the doors of the English; they are on
their own shores. We have a light by the reci-
procity treatytogo there. They have all the ad-
vantages of curing their fish on their own soil.
We have to navigate to a vnry considerable dis-
tance away from home to enter into competition
with them. They have always received much
larger bounties than have been paid by this Gov-
ernment. They pay no duty on their salt. Thus
the difference is so great that our men lately,
as I am informed, have been in the habit of cur-
ing their fish there because they get their salt
cheaper, and then bringing their fish home; but
at this very session we have passed a law making
them pay the duty on the salt that they bring home
in the shape of cured fish. Then we have taken
away that benefit from them. These fishermen
stand, therefore, exposed to these disadvantages.
The fishing of France and England is at the door
of their colonies on their own shores; they have
no duties to pay on their salt when they curc
their fish; and we have heavy duties to pay. The
result of all that is that they have driven us out
of foreign markets.
Now, look a little further. We have made a
reciprocity treaty with Great Britain. By that
we admit their fish duty free into our own mar-
kets to compete with us. Our fishermen must go
all that distance to catch their fish and bring them
home at these disadvantages, and at a very much
lower rate of bounty than is paid by the French
and English Governments; when they bring them
home to our own markets they pay thirty-three
cents a quintal duty on the salt put into them,
while the people in the British provinces take the
ft ah at their own doors, bring them into our mar-
kets without any duty, under the reciprocity
treaty, and drive us out of our own market; and
you propose, in addition to all that, to repeal the
small bounty that is paid.
If it is thought advisable to break down this
interest entirely, to drive these men off the ocean,
to say that the policy which Great Britain and
France deemed to be a wise one in reference to
their own fisheries and their own nurseries for sea-
men, is no policy for us, that we do not need it
and that therefore we will drive them outentirely,
let the Senate of the United States and the House
of Representatives of the United States so decide.
For my own part I am not convinced that it
would be a wise policy even in time of war. The
argument is that we ought to save this money.
It has been decided over and over again here with
reference to other interests that the time has not
yet come in this country when, even if it is a time
of war, we cannot sustain interests that are im-
portant and valuable in regard to keeping the
country in its present position. If the rule and
argument applied to all other interests is not to
be applied here, so be it.
Senators, I do not stand here to beg money for
New England. I do not ask iteven for the poor-
est class of our community, which is the fisher-
men. If you think they are of no value to the
country, if you think this interest is of no value
to the country in any shape or form, that nc ben-
efit is derived from it, and that this is a mere pit-
tance dealt out to the people of New England to
keep them alive, vote according to your opinions
upon that subject. I do not look at it in that
way. If I did, 1 would vote with you. But I
repeat that I hope you will be disposed to look
at the question as statesmen,and not in the light
in which my friend fiom Kentucky seems to look
at it and represent it, as a mere matter not worth
considering, and not having an argument or view
either from history or fact to sustain it.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not intend to say a word
on the subject of the repeal of the fishing boun-
ties at this time. I said on a former occasion
everything that I wished to say in regard to it,
and would not now speak on the amendment
offered by my colleague to-day but for the per-
sonal notice of me by the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Morrill,] which makes it incumbent on
me to say something. I shall be short, and I
will endeavor to restrict myself merely to the
subject under consideration and to some personal
remarks made by that Senator.
The Senator charged me with having gone into
the dark holes of m&tory and having dug up nar-
ratives of facts that were derogatory to New Eng-
land. I do not pretend to leeite his language; I
only give the substance of what he said, accord-
ing to my best and general recollection of it." He
of course referred to a speech that I made some
few weeks back in the Senate, and which I was
delivering in the course of two days. In that
speech 1 spoke nothing of New England gener-
ally. I adverted to the history of Massachusetts
particularly and specially; and I said nothing in
relation to any other of the New England States
except two, and what relates to those States was
in short paragraphs, which I will ask the privi-
lege to read. I was reviewing the history of
Massachusetts in the war of 1812, and the sup-
port which that State then gave to Mr. Madison's
Administration in waging that war, when I used
this language:
" Sir, there is another specimen of Massachusetts loyal-
ty: the Governor of Massachusetts having refused to otder
the imlitia of that Statu into the service of the United States,
some of the patriotic people of the district of Maine volun-
teeied, and were placed by the President under the com-
mand of General VVilliain King. In the year 1813 the Le-
gislature of that State passed a lesoluuon mquning of
Geueial King whether he had accepted any agency or com-
mission from the United States,or received tiom them any
aims or munitions by order ol the President ol the United
States General King replied:
"'The volunteer-*'who tendered their services to the
President lor the defense of their count! y were accepted
and otgamzed, and have been luitii^hed wnh arms on ap-
plication to the General Government. Soon after the com-
mencement of the present war, when the services of the
detached mihtui vveie withheld from the Geneiai Govern-
ment, I aided the War Department in organizing such a
volunteer corps as was considered necessary for the de-
fense of this distiict. After two regiments were organized
the services of such a number of companies were ojfeted
a-s would have nnide thiee other regiments, if necessaij.
A.s a citizen of the United States I have duties to perform
as well as a citizen ol the State m ihib ju->t and holy war.'
<v A ifr-ponse woithvthe friend ol thatotten tried and true
patriot, John Holmes/'
Maine was then a district, and was attached in its
local government to the State of Massachusetts. I
have read all that I said in relation to Maine in that
speech. If the Senator from Maine considers that
what I haye read—and it was all that I said in rela-
tion to Maine in thatspeech—brings shame and re-
proach upon the people of Maine or upon the his-
tory of Maine, I dissent entirely from nis position.
I have no doubt that many people of Massachu-
setts had at the time the estimate of this conduct
of General King and of the volunteer militia of the
district of Maine who entered the service of the
United States under his command, that would be
characterized by the language used to-day by the
Senator from Maine. If he chooses to form"that
estimate of the conduct of General King and of
the patriotic volunteers of that district who took
service under him in that holy war in defense of
the district of Maine, I dissent entirely from his
position, from his political ethics, from his sense
of patriotism. If that is not the estimate which
he places upon the conduct of General King and
of his patriotic soldiers, there is no ground of
complaint even with him against me for anything
that I said of the people of Maine in the speech
to which he referred.
Now, I will read a short paragraph that is the
only reference in this speech to any other State of
New England than the States of Massachusetts
and Maine:
" This traitorous Governor Strong and his coadjutors in
Massachusetts procured the weak; and coirupt Governor
of Vermont, Chittenden, to take their position, that it was
the exclusive right of Me Governors of the States to decide
whether and when there existed an exigency that required
the State militia to be put into the service of the United
States, and to lssuc an infamous proclamation command-
ing the volunteer militia of Vermont to match back from
Pittsburgh, whither they had rushed to defend that place
against the assault of one of the most founidable British
armies that was assembled during the war. The traitors of
Massachusetts were loud in their promises to stand by their
victim, and to sustain him in their common crime; but
their guilty pouls shrank fiom the necessary action. The
biave and patriotic citizen soldiers of Veimont flung back
their contempt upon the treasonable missive of then Gov-
ernor, who was representing not his State, but British feel-
ings and interests, and remained to cover themselves with
glory in one of the most brilliant achievements of the war.
All honor to the memory of those gallant and true men !
They were At representatives of the heroes of Bennington."
1 was unconscious, in that just and truthful
eulogy to thevolunteer militia ofVermont, ofhav-
ing in fact'oflfered them or havingintended to offer
them any insult. I deny that the charge made
by the Senator from Maine against meis true. I
deny that I hunted into dark holes for the history
of the New England States for the purpose of
rummaging and collecting their dishonoring m uch
less their infamous history with a view to reproach
them with it in the Senate. I did, upon greatand
grievous and repeated provocation, search into the
history of Massachusetts; and that history, ac-
cording to all the lights and authorities which [
had been able to consult, I presented truthfully
and frankly to the Senate. If I fell into any error,
it would afford me pleasure then and always to
correct the error and to do justice to that State in
any matter whereon 1 had done her injustice.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Maine is
like many other men in this: it is the revelation of
the truth thatgravels him. It is nottheenactment
of a degrading history, it is not the performance
of acts or the expression of opinions and princi-
ples that should shame and biing ignominy and
reproach upon a man or a people to which that
Senator objects, so much as to the revelation or
to the reproducing to the memory of that his-
tory; and his resentment is not against those who
enacted the history, however infamous and de-
grading it may be, but it is against those who
write the story or who recite the story if it has
been written. I think it would become manliness,
honor, and truth ifth at Senator would visit the men
who enacted the history and who did those deeds
of ignominy with his invective, rather than me
for having upon great provocation reproduced
them for the condemnation of the present genera-
tion.
But, Mr. President, I have a sequel to read of
the history of Massachusetts on the subject of
the negro; I will not recite it now, because it is
not the most appropriate occasion; but when one
of those never-ending negro bills, that has dark-
ened this Senate Chamber during the whole of this
session and for agood portion of two previous
sessions, is brought up again, I will present the
sequel of that history.
