2604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31.
The honorable Senator says that I had changed
myfeelingsin relation to the New England States,
and he reproves me for having offered a proposi-
tion to organize the six New England States into
two, and he goes on, and in very just and truth-
ful terms, to eulogize the wealth and the resources
of New England, and sets forth exultingly the
amountof revenue she pays into the United States
Treasury. All that was proper enough. He
contrasts it with ten of the western States and
■with Kentucky and thrusts in three or four Ter-
ritories as an adjunct of those eight or ten west-
ern or northwestern States. If the honorable
Senator was fond of drawing comparisons he
might have found one on the other side of this
view. He might have compared the six New
England States with New York, and he would
have ascertained that New York has a population
of five or six hundred thousand people more than
the aggregate of all the New England States; and
that the assessed value of the property of New
York is within a small fraction of the entire aggre-
gate of that of all the New England States; and yet
we have a Constitution that gives to New England
twelve members of this body and to the State of
New York but two. If the honorable Senator
from Maine and the Senators from New England
had rested satisfied with the great principles on
•which this Government by its Constitution is
adjusted in other matters of equally vital import-
ance, and had been willing to permit that adjust-
ment to remain undisturbed, t would have been
one of the last men in the Senate or out of it to
have disturbed it by proposing to reduce the New
England States to two, or in any other mode.
But when each and all of them, seeking to break
up the fundamental principlesof the Constitution
and to bring about an extensive and most mis-
chievous revolution of the Government, if I had
the power, the New England States should be re-
duced to two, if not to one. In the disruption
which she has lent herself to so efficiently it would
be no injustice, but a proper retribution to her
and only justice to the other States.
Now, Mr. President, I will read a paragraph
or two from a speech that I made upon this sub-
ject when a similar proposition to the one now
pending was made by my colleague on another
bill. 1 stfid:
" Mr. President, I shall vow for the amendment of my
colleague. Whenever I have been In a position heretofore
to suppoit the policy of thesu tu«lnn£( bounties i lmve voted
for their continuance. Many years ago I was taught, ses-
sion attei se^ion, by gentlemen ropiu^cntingtjn; Mi w Eng-
land States, that Ihc^e ii>herins were the hest nuiM-ry of
seamen on the globe, and whonevet our counliy should be
" involved In vvai these adventitious and hard v seamen would
be K'ady-tr.uned s-'oih of Nrpfuuo to man our ships-of-war
ami pnvateeif, and betu our ila« in triumph ayainM ait
comers through the hurtle and the Inee/e, and in that way
would compensate the counti.v foi the cost H paid for their
tuition in the Ibrm of these bounties. My own State cher-
ished the laurels won hy our gailaut tais upon ocean-; and
iakew with an true national pride as did New England, and
the voted without c?rud ing tho^e l.uijer-ses that our coun-
try might have the firuVeamanship of the world.
"The principle* and policy ot my Suite, too, iwherpen-
pie were imbued by her ^leat f*ua>inuu, weie to legard
every section and every Sure as equally pait of our com-
mon coiuiiry. and entitled in their leading interests to the
same protection and (ostonng: care liom the Geneial Gov-
ernment. Until t-anee New England has become wholly
M'ctiunalized and M'lli.-h, we had cultivated foi herleehnus
of fraternal pud'*, conceding that she eontubuted hei lull
Mime to our national fne.itnos.tmliilory, and we sustained
the mea-sines and policy that developed her industry,
wealth, and power, not only as a duly, hut with a ircneious
and pioud sMti-laeuon. We felt that whatevei was H£-
giand.zniK New England wo-s at the pumo time bearing
alolt the United States ; and we m) regarded every section
and every State.
"We had been taught hy New England statesmen to
com «dui the seamen (oimed m tlm^o fisheries and tusLinied
hy these bounties did not belong to that or any othei .sec-
tion, but, like the graduates ot Wes-t I'mnt. to'he the prop-
el ty of the nation at l.mre ; and that when they took post
cm ihe decks oi oar bhipf>-of-w<u they wen; not to hi- eied
ited to New England oi anj State, but to the United States.
Bui <;mc«: the Slates ot New England have, during tiu,-
civil war, unanimously olanm-d and <•:« h i.-< to reoeiv the
benefited having h-r heamoneomputed in the quota of .-ol-
dieiy Is to iumUh to the war, one of tiie clucf aigu-
meut* lor tho contiiHiiim <* ot thi'^e bouutie** i:  U'tnovcd.
^'Anothei cogeai one when they wete litestablished
w<e-, thai our marine, both military and mercantile, wa->
tlxm in its inltinuy. and itie*e bounties were nece^aiv
•stimulants to luster it the severe competition of
other maritlnn' I owen, Th>- argument was then entitled
to and ree< ived much eon^trlciatiou, but time and the "rent
jrrowth oi our Xa\y have shot'it it of all w
'• fiat the pi<-:ent poluie'il position of Ntnv En«land
vvhich he has been gtadually approaching for many yeaus'
until a? h-nglii .-he i> .ilj-.oibcd l \ it, i- what chiefly de-
termines me to vote tor the sepeai of tnesc fishing boun-
ties. The Fedeidi OoiifctmiUon wiu iormed upon several
important concessions and compromises between the north-
ern and southern States, without which it would have
been impossible to have formed a Constitution. Than this
there is no factin history better established. New England
adheres, as is her right and her duty, to ail the compro-
mises m her favor; but those beneficial to the South, to
my section and State, she has been for many years fiercely
assaulting, against the spirit and letter ot the Federal Con-
stitution, until she has become a unit, and in a spirit of
destructive frenzy is bent upon the subversion of the Con-
stitution and the Union which it formed, to expunge all tiie
compromises that protect the rights of the slave States."
I concede that that last paragraph expresses
the principal motive upon which 1 now act. There
never has been a bill before Congress to promote
justly by incidental duties the industry and man-
ufactures of New England when I was a member
of either House, that 1 have notgiven itmy hearty
support. The great master in whose school of
politics I was taught, and whom I now follow as
the lamp to my feet and the guide to my path, so
instructed me. But when New England not only
becomes so sectional and selfish as to assail the
primary and essential interests of other sections
of the United States, and of my State particularly,
but undertakes audaciously to disregard the Con-
stitution and all the guarantees which it gives to
slave property for the purpose of despoiling its
owners, she puts herself where she cannot justly
claim any favors from the representatives of the
States and the people whom she so deeply wrongs.
I would not deny to her any right which the law
would give her, much less those which are guar-
antied to her by the Constitution. Hut whether
these bounties are to be continued or not is not a
matter of constitutional or legal right; it is a mat-
ter of continuing a policy from year to year; and
when a State or a section forgets comity and jus-
tice, the claims of common nationality, and the
guarantees which the Constitution of the United
States gives to the property of a great section of
the country, and of my State particularly, and ex-
pects me to come up with a liberal and national
spirit and return generosity and bounty for evil
and ruin, theie will be disappointment. No, sir,
I would establish a countei vailing policy. If 1
couid 1 would repeal to-niicht all the protection
which New England indtistiy receives from the
legislation of Congress, and 1 would do it upon
the principle of a countei vailmg policy. I would
teach her and her people and her statesmen that
if they expect a liberal, a protecting, a national,
and American policy fiom other States, they must
extend the same principles and the same spirit to
those States.
1 hold that the right of the State of Kentucky
to adhere to slavery is just as irrefragable and as
true, on legal and constitutional principles, as was
the right of Massachusetts or any other State to
abolish slavery. 1 hold that New England has
no more right to abolish slavery in the State of
Kentucky than Kentucky has a nj ht to reestab-
lish slavery in New England. 1 hold that the
General Government, in any of its departments,
in any of its authorities or officers, civil or mili-
tary, or in its totality, has no light to strike the
shackles from a slave. That power appertains
to the States respectively, and their people alone,
as a part of their reserved sovereignty, which they
never did and never would have surrendered to
the Govern men I of the United States. W ith the
exception of the Senator from Massachusetts who
hails from Doston—and I have no doubt he thinks
he is big enough to represent a continent, [laugh-
ter,] though 1 should dissent from him on that
point—with the exception of that honorable Sen-
ator, I know none other in this body*that is so
ultra, so radical, so unconstitutional, so utterly
reckless and disrcgardfnl of the Constitution, as
the honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mor-
on all questions connected with slavery.
From the time of the introduction of the measure
to abolish slavery in this District, which ex-Presi-
dent Fillmore condemned then as an entering wedge
that was to lead to a policy of mischief and en-
croachment upon State rights, the evils and results
of which no imagination could foretell, there has
been no proposition that went to damage slavery,
to impinge upon or weaken the rights of the slave-
holder or of the slave States, to exalt the slave,
the negro, to the level of the white race, or to de-
grade it to the infeiior position where the God of
nature has placed the negro, and to raise him from
that to an equality with the white race, in which
all the puny efforts of fanatics and fools, from the
creation to the piesent time, have failed, and will
continue to fail until the omnipotent Creator shall
reconstruct the negro—there has been no propo-
sition of that character that the honorable Sena-
tor from Maine has not made haste to support.
Now, I say to him that I have the same legal
and constitutional right to my slave that he has
to his land or his horse; that the General Gov-
ernment has no more power or authority over my
slave than it has over his horse or his land, or
my horse or my land. Every class of property
has the same legal guarantees under the Federal
Constitution. Any description of property may
be taken for public use, as well negroes as any
other kind; and neither that nor any other de-
scription of property can betaken from the owner
except for public use, and that upon'the indis-
pensable condition that he shall have just com-
pensation for his property. This right is guaran-
tied by an express provision, in the form of an
amendment, of the Federal Constitution; and it
applies in the same force to negro and every de-
scription of property. There is no position more
false than that military necessity in time of war
invests the President with the power to abrogate
that provision of the Constitution, or to free
slaves, generally or particularly, which would be
its practical abrogation. This new-born heresy,
"military necessity,55 as President Lincoln
claims and exercises it, is the sum of all political
and military villainies, to adopt a phrase which
is sometimes used in this Chamber by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] and it is
no less absurd than it is villainous. How would
this doctrine of military necessity have been
treated by Chancellor Kent, Chief Justice Mar-
shall, Judge Shaw, Judge Tilghman, or any other
able judge or jurist?
The question of property in slaves has been
brought in a multitude of cases before the Su-
preme Couit and other courts, national and State,
and invariably they decided and maintained the
principle that the ownerof a slave had a property
in him, arid, like any other property it was pro-
tected by the Constitution and laws, and its inva-
sion would be redressed m the same mode in the
courts.
We had two hundred and fifty thousand slaves
in Kentucky. Your war has not been upon the
rebellion for the last two years so much as it lias
been upon slavery; and the reason that McClei-
lan was not sustained when he was on the Penin-
sula like Grant is now sustained, was that he
would have brought the war to too speedy a con-
clusion for the purposes of the Administration
and the supporters of the war, one of them being
to abolish slavery everywhere; and that was the
reason that he was displaced from his position.
Our slaves were worth $150,000,000 at the least.
I suppose that in horses and ships and lumber,
and other articles of property necessary for the
consumption of the Army, Maine had an equal
amount of property. Suppose that he who is at
the other end of Pennsylvania avenue had said,
as he did say, "I have a right to do anything
that promises to bring this war to a conclusion;
military necessity clothes me with every power;
authorizes me to take all pioperty, and do every
act which I may think will tend to bring this war
to a successful conclusion;55 could he not, under
that vast warrant of power, have seized all that
property of Maine? His power, our Solon says,
fluctuates; it expands and contracts. It is not to
be sought for in the fundamental law of govern-
ment, the Constitution, in its language, and pro-
visions, and spirit; but it springs out of the con-
dition of things, out of the military exigencies
of the country. What greater exigency for the
country in the prosecution of this war thon that
it should ha\e ships, and ail sorts of military
supplies, provisions, horses, arms, money, that
supplies every sinew of war?
The President upon his principle, if it may be so
denominated, could with more reason have taken
the ships, timber, horses, pnd other maternal for
ship-building and everything necessary for the
supply and use of the Army found in the State of
Maine, as slave negroes, and with a great deal
more, bccause he has substituted the inferior negro
for the superior white man, the higher t*nd nobler
lace animated by the love of constitutional gov-
ernment and liberty, by the loftiest inspirations
of patriotism. Soldiers of this class, o( the high-
est of all the types of man, upon a constitutional
system of policy could long since have been com-
