THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
may be held in the different districts at the same
time. The circuit judge of the tenth circuit may,
at hisdiscrcXion, appoint special sessions of the
circuit court, to be held at. the places where the
stated sessions thereof are to be Vtolden, by an
order, tinder his hand and seal, addressed to the
marshal and clerk of the court, at least- fifteen
daya'previous to the day fixed for the commence-
ment of the special sessions, which order is to he
published by the marshal in one or more of the
gazettes or newspapers within the district where
&«ch sefcskms are to be holden. At special scs-
$ioY>s it is to be competent for the court to enter-
tain-jurisdiction'of and hear and decide all cases
in equity, cases in error, or on appeal, issues of
laW? motions in arrest of judgment, motions for
new trial, and all other motions, and to award
executions and other- final process, and to do and
•transact all other business, and direct all other
proceedings in all causes pending in the circuit
court, except trying any cause by juiy,in the
same way and with the same force and effect as
the same could or might be done at the stated
sessions of such court. At such special sessions
the court may also try and determine all issues
of fact in cases in which, by the stipulation in
writing of the parties, or their attorneys, and filed
with the clerk, a jury shall be waived.
The clerksof the circuit courts for the districts
of California are-tQ be appointed by the circuit
judge of the tenth circuit. The appointment is to
be in writiug, uiulftv the hand and seal of the cir-
cuit judge, and is to be filed in the clerk's oiliee
and entered a,t large upon the records of the court.
Th&circuit judge may revoke the appointmentat
any time by filing in the office of the clerk u no-
tice in wiiting under his hand and seal, stating
that the appointment is revoked, which revoca-
tion is to be entered on the records of the court.
The clerk, before entering upon the discharge of
his duties, is to take the oath of office presci ibed
by the act "to prescribe an oath of o/Iice, and for
other purposes," approved Jtiiy 186'2, and such
oath is to he indorsed upon his appointment. The
clerk is also to execute a bond to the United States
with two 01 more sufficient sureties in such sum
as tlur circuit judge may designate, conditioned
for the faithful performance of his duties. Jn enso
of a vacancy in the ojfice of clerk, the district judge
is to have power to fill such vacancy by appoint-
ment, which is to continue unul an appointment
is made by the ciicuit judge. The ck i ks of the
circuit courts of the United States for the districts
of California aie to be ex officio clerks of the dis-
trict, courts of the United Stales for those districts,
und aretoimveall the poweisand perform ail the
duties and be subject to all the liabilities of the
clerks of district couits of the United States as
prescribed by law,
The clerks of the circuit courts of the tenth cir-
cuit are to have power to appoint one or moie
deputies, who aie to have the same authouty in
nil respects as their principal, and to take the same
oath. The clerks of the circuit courts and district
courts of the United States loi the districts of Cal-
ifornia are severally to be entitled to chaige and
receive for the services they may pei foi m double
the fees and emoluments allowed to the cleik of
the southern district of New York for like ser-
vices.
issues of fact in civil cases may be tried and
determined by the encuitcourt withoutthe mfei-
vention of a jury whenever the parties or their
attorneys of record file a stipulation in wilting
with the clerk waiving a jury. Upon the trial ol
an issue of fact by the court, its decision is to be
given in writing and filed with the cleik, and the
facts found and the conclusions of law are to be
separately stated. The review of the judgment
or decree entered upon such findings by the Su-
preme Couit of the United States upon appeal or
writ of error is to be limned to a determination uf
the sufficiency of the facts found to support the
judgment or decree entered, and to the rulings of
the court in admitting or rejecting evidence of-
fered, and in the construction of written docu-
ments produced and admitted. The Supreme
Court may affirm or modify or reverse the judg-
ment or decree entered, or may,in its discretion,
order a new trial or further proceedings to be
taken.
AH proceedings under the act " to ascertain and
settle the private land claims in the State of Cal-
ifornia," approved March 3, 1851, and acta sup-
plementary to or amendatory thereof, for the con-
firmation of claims to lands situated wholly or m
part within Hie city and county of San Francisco,
pending before the district court of the United
States for the northern district of California, are
to be transferred to the circuit court for that dis-
trict; which is to proceed to hear and finally de-
termine such proceedings, and the validity and
extent of the claims, and the correctness of the
surveys made of the lands confirmed.
A term of the district court for the southern
district of California is to be held in the city of
Monterey, on the first Mondays of February,
June, and Octoberof each year; and a term of the
district court for the northern district of Califor-
nia is to be held in San Francisco on the first Mon-
days of April, August, and December of each
year; and a term of the district court for the dis-
trict of Oregon is to be held at the city of Port-
land on the firstMondays of Febi uary, June, and
October of each year. Each term is to continue
until the fourth Saturday after its commencement
inclusive, unless all the cases ready for trial or
hearing he sooner disposed of. In case the
business of the district court of any of the districts
shall not be disposed of by the day fixed for the
holding of a term of the ciicuit court of the United
Slates m the district, and the circuit judge of the
tenth circuit is not present to hold the teim of the
circuit court, it is to be the duty of the district
couit to adjourn over its business to some future
day, to be designated, in order that the district
judge of the district may hold such term of the
circuit court.
In case proper rooms? in which to hold the courts
and for the chambers of the judges be not other-
wise provided in any of the districts of California
and Oregon, together with attendants, furniture,
fuel, lights, and stationery, suitable and sufficient
for the transaction of business, the district judge
of the d is trict may dn ect i he mai shal of the district
to provide such rooms, at a ndants, furnitui e, fuel,
lights, and stationery; and the expenses thereof,
certified by the district judge to he correct, are to
be paid out of the Treasury of the United States,
and the money is appiopriutcd for that purpose;
but no rooms for any of the couits or chambeis
ate to be hired for a period exceeding six months,
withoutthe pievious approval of the Attorney
General of the United States.
This act is to take eileot on the first Monday of
May, A. D. 1804.
The fn\H amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary was in section one, line nine, to strike
out the word " September," and insert "De-
cember."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen of
section one, after the woi d " year," to strike out:
KJach term -.hall continue until the [ninth Saturday after
it-* commencement, inciu-tve, utile--- all the cases ready for
tiiui oi he.ti uejbcMmnrt dn po;u:d ol". J t all the ca-es ready
lor t! i.ii or iicai uur he not di-po«-ed of, the term may he con-
tinued a - much longci u->, m ihe opuuon ol' iho couit, the
public iiitete-t f-liail icqtuio.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, line
twenty-one, after the woi d " jud^e," to siiike out:
The t h i k - of flic < ikint i mil of I he Pnili d States fin
the diMi lets of < \ihIoi in.i -111! 1 hoc/* o/jir n) clerk-, of the
dimmer courts of the United States jor sud dHfuet*. <uid
shall have a!i the powei-, and pcitoim all the duties, arid
be t-nbjecUoail the liabilities of tin; eleiksol dit-uiet coin U*
of the United States pte^cubed hy law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
eight, in the following wouls:
Sf.o. 8. Jlnd ho it jmthci cnucted, That all proceeding
mulct the act entitled "An act to aaccitain and >ettle the
pi i\ ate bind < l.um* in Ihe Stare of Cahtoinui,': approved
Maieh 3, and cejs Mipplementary to or amendatory
theitof, for flic confirmation of claim* to lands situated
wholly or in p.ut within tin; euy and comity ot San Fran-
ciseo, pending befoie ihe dr-acel com t of the United Slates
loi the noi I hem di-ti let ot C.ihtoima, shall he, and ate heie-
bv decl.ued to be tian-teiTcd to the circuit court loi the sard
district; and tnul cuemt court Miall proceed to hear and
finally detetnun'e stirh pioeeednigs, and the validity and
e.Uunt of the saui claim?-, and the eoireetne.-s of tiie sur-
vc\s made of tire lands continued, and is heieby invested
wuh full powei and jurisdiction for that puipo&e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine, line
fourteen, after the word " year," to strike out:
Eacli t''irn shrill continue until the fouiUiSaturdayafier
its commencement mciUMve,unless ail the ca-es icadyfot
tual or lieai ing be sooner disposed of. In ca^e the business
11 of the dibliiLt court of any ol &aid districts shall not be dis-
posed of by the d:iy fixed by this act for the holding of a
term of tire circuit court of the United States in sard dis-
ti ret, arid thccneuit juiteeof the tenth cncuit is not present
to hold the paid term of the circuit court, it Ahull be the duty
of the district court to adjourn over its business to >onie
future day to be designated, in oider that the district judge
ot the district may hold such teim of the circuit court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
ten, as follows:
Sec. 10. JInd be it farther enacted, That in ca«e proper
rooms m which to hold the couits, as beiein designated,
and tor the chambers of the judges, be not othei wir-e pio-
vided in any of the distiicts of California and Oregon, to-
gether with attendants, fuinituie, fuel, 1islits, and station-
ery, suitable and sufficient for the transaction ot business,
the distuct indge ot the disuict may direct the marshal of
the district to provides such rooms, attendants, futnitiue,
fuel, )i£ht-, and stationery; and the expenses thereof, cer-
tified bv the distuct judge to be conect, shall be paid out
of the Tieasmy of {he United States, and the money is
hereby appioptiatcd lor that purpose: Pro tided, That no
looms ltii any of said courts or chambers shall he hiied for
a period exceeding six months, without the pievious ap-
pioval of the Attorney General of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in scction twelve, line
two, after the word "May," to strike out the
words "anno Domini," so that the section will
read, "that this act shall take effect on the first
Monday of May, 18G4."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. In the first section I move
to stnke out in the sixth line and in the eighth
line, the word " first," and insert "second" m
their places, so as to read, " the second Monday
of June, and the second Monday of August."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. In the ninth section, to make
it correspond, I move to strike out " first" in the
ninth line, and insert " second;" and in the thir-
teenth line to strike out " February," and insert
" March;" in the same line to strike out " June"
and insert " July;" and in the fourteenth line to
strike out. "October" and insert " November."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will put
the ([uestions on these amendments in one mo-
tion .
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HARDING. In the sixth section, line
three, after the word " California," I move to in-
sert the words " and Oregon," so that the clerks
of the courts in Oregon as well as in California
shall be entitled to receive the fees provided form
that section,
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is^no objection to
that. The same reasons apply "in Oregon as in
California.
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. HARDING. I haveone otheramendment
which 1 desire to offer to this bill, to raise the
salary of the district judge for the district ofOie-
^on. His salary is now $3,000, and as a matter
of justice to ourselves we ought to adopt an
amendment to raise his salary to $3,500 per an-
num. My amendment is to add to the bill as a
new section:
And be itfinthcr enacted, That the salaiy of the dNhict
judt^c (ot the district of Oteijou hliall hereafter be ^J.500
pei annum.
Mi. TRUMBULL. I am sorry the Senator
from Oregon has offered this amendment. It will
lead to an effort to raise the saianes of all the
judges. The salary of the judge in Oregon at
this time is $3,000. There cannot be a very large
amountof business, I think,in Oregon; and if we
once commence raising the salaries of judges there
will be a great pressure upon Congte.ss to raise
the salaries of other officers; and m the midst of
tins war, at this time, i trust the Senator ftom
Oregon will not press it. Let jtgo over until we
get m a better condition.
I will state to the Senator from Oregon that the
salary of the distuct judge in Oregon is already
much higher than that of many of the district
judges. Some of them have hut ,500, and some
$5,000, who sit a good pait of the year. I think
the salary of the distrtctjudge of Connecticut, and
who holds court in the city of New York a good
part of the year, is only §2,000. If we once com-
mence raising these salaries, we shall find it very
difficult to stop. I trust the Senator will not press
the amendment.
Mr. HARDING. On an examination of the
facts, i supposed that the dlstiict judge of the
northern district of California had* a salary of
