1628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
Mr. COLFAX. I comenextto the gentleman
from the Cincinnati district, [Mr. Pendleton,]
who spoke so eloquently, as he always does, and
I believe without an unkind remark to myself—
at least I heard none.
Mr. ROGERS. Let me ask the gentleman a
guestion. [Cries of "Order!" " Orderfrom the
llepubiican side of the House.] «
Mr. COLFAX. I would rather yield. But per-
haps i can anticipate the gentleman's question.
Mr. ROGERS. "Was Mr. Giddings censured
o? expelled ?
Mr. COLFAX. He was severely censured,
which he regarded, however, as a virtual expul-
sion, by a vote of 129 to 65, about a two-thirds
vote, and he resigned."
The gentleman from Ohio read from the New
York Times. I am glad that gentlemen on the
other side regard it as good authority to cite here,
and hope they will regard it as such on all other
questions, as its editorials now find such favor in
their eyes. It spoke of the attempt to expel the
gentleman from Ohio as "a disgrace and an oat-
rage." 1 say to that paper and to this House,
that if my course is a disgrace, you can fix the
brand on my forehead and 1 will wear it through
life, nor do f want any prouder epitaph on my
tombstone than that I dared fearlessly to stand up
here and do my duty according to my convictions.
[Great applause.]
Mr. Speaker, I desire that the rules of the
House forbidding applause should be obeyed.
Gentlemen on,the other side have been dis-
pleased with the galleries during the past few
days. We have sat here, sir, when those gal-
leries glowered with hate in their eyes upon those
who spoke for freedom, and applauded to the echo
those who spoke for slavery, and never were they
cleared but once, to my knowledge. It is un-
seemly in this House for the galleries to indulge
in applause or censure of what occurs upon the
floor; and I would rather have the "God bless
you" of some poor soldier's widow who had seen
m her desolate home that I stood up for the cause
for which her husband fell, or the " God bless
you" of the soldier on his dangerous picket duty
jn front of our Army, guarding the sleeping host
wilh his own life, than the applause of these gal-
leries, crowded as they are with talent, heroism,
and beauty.
The gentleman fiom Ohio, ns well as the New
York Times,compared the speech under review
with that of Chatham's, in the British Pailia-
ment, when he opposed the wai against the Amer-
ican colonies. When he used the language which
has been quoted here, what was the war in
which Great Britain was engaged? The prov-
inces upon this continent were then ouilyingand
distant colonies of Great Britain; they wi n* not
integral paits of the Biitish empne. Indeed,
they went to war with the mother country at first
because they were not; because they were taxed
without representation. The man who had risen
in the Biitish Parliament and advocated the rec-
ognition of Canada during the "Patriot war,"
of the recognition of India during the Sepoy in-
surrection, would not, I grant you, have been
subject to a resolution of expulsion. The cases
are not parallel with the one before us to-day.
Let me piesent a parallel one. Suppose an un-
provoked and wicked insurrection should break
out in the southern counties of England, upon
the very shores of the British Channel; suppose
the people of those counties had gathered armies
to make war upon the nation; suppose they had
taken possession of that sea-coast and had put
out the eyes of commerce, the light-houses there;
suppose that insurrection claimed the whole of
the country from the Channel to tlie Thames,
seeking to make that liver the boundary of a new
and hostile nation, ns it wasformeily, before the
time of Alfred, and again in the seventh century,
a boundary of one of the former subdivisions
of the B.-itssh isle; and then suppose that a man
had risen in the British PaiiiamerU, with its win-
dows looking out upon the legion thus claimed,
and advocated the recognition of the nationality
and independence of that insurrection: i ask you
how lorg such a man would have been allowed
to remain in Pailiament?
The gentleman also says that " when our Con-
stitution is dead, our liberties are gone." His
colleague cays the Constitution is dead now.
Then If you believe him, our liberties are gone
now. But the gentleman says that we propose
to expel his colleague from Ohio for words spoken
in debate, and he talks about the freedom of
speech. Sir, the reason for this expulsion is that
those words show a complicity with this conspir-
acy and a willingness that it shall triumph. Our
oaths require us to maintain our Government.
How can one legislate for its maintenance when
he declares that it cannot be maintained, and that
it is dead already?
My colleague from the Madison district [Mr.
Harrington] talked of my appearing here as a
prosecutor, I think when I have agreed to allow
the gentleman from Ohio to have the last word,
when the rules allow me to close the debate, ami
have done it willingly and not at the suggestion
of any gentleman, I might have been spared that
taunt.
But, sir, the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Rollins] on Tuesday evening gave me some in-
structions. I thank him for them. I receive
with all proper deference instructions from any
gentleman who sees fit to constitute himself my
schoolmaster. I know right well that I have
much to learn, for every year we live we find that
there is much to learn. After informing me what
ought and what ought not to be done, he said:
" If the cause of the country can be shaken by any such
speech a* the one ot the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Long,]
U ought to be shaken
It is to be hoped he will analyze that sentence
and think over it and modify it before his printed
speech goes to the country. For no reason ought
the cause of the country to be shaken. He went
on to say that the speech of the gentleman from
Ohio was a most indiscreet, injudicious, and un-
patriotic speech under the circumstances, but that
he would not expel or censure him for it. Of
course he would not. Although he heard the un-
patriotic remarks of the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Harris] he voted against expelling
him, and when the question came upon censuring
that gentleman the vote of the member fiom Mis-
souri was not found recorded either in the affirm-
ative or negative. Of course, thru, he would not
vote either to expel or to censure the gentleman
fiom Ohio.
He said, furthermore, that the gentleman from
Ohio had only followed the lead of Vallandigham.
I have a witness upon that subject, the gentleman
from the Columbus district of Ohio, [Mr. Cox.]
We have been asked why did we not move to ex-
pel Vallandigham? I answer, in the language of
the gentleman fiom the Columbusdistnct, in that
part of his Saturday's speech iefening to Mr.
Vallandigham:
"Bid I will :viy thh for him, that nowhere, here or ut
home, did hi; evei utter a sentiment or do an siet looking to
the recognition of Un* southern confedeiaey. He said in
hi* place in tins House, a^ain and again, and quoted Mi.
Calhoun's opinions: on the Mexican war in hw ju-litienfton,
that he would not oppose the voting of men and money to
carry on this war, the responsibility for which he did not
covet nor hear. Hut. s-ir, he never would consent to a peace
based upon recognition."
He insists, you see, that Mr. Vallandigham
never advocated the recognition of the rebel na-
tionality, which his piesent colleague so boldly
avows.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, rose.
Mr. COLFAX. Really lcannotspare the time,
unless the gentleman says he has been misstated.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I desire, with
the permission of the gentleman, to say, in ex-
planation of the sentence which he has quoted
from myremaiksthe other evening, that 1 do not
believe that the expressions of any man or that
any speech from any individual in this House,
however powerful he may be intellectually, can
shake, ffor one moment, the strength and perma-
nency of this Union.
Mr. COLFAX. I understand the gentleman's
view; he stated it at some length the other even-
ing. 1 insist that the uncondemnned advocacy
here of such views as those of the gentleman
from Ohio weakens, to that extent, the nation's
sacred cause.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. J. C. Allen]
also spoke on this subject, and here are his wotds.
Ho said:
"Suppose his words do give aid and comfoit to the
enemy? Are wc to ox*, lude him lot hit. light*? It would
he in contempt of our rules and of the Constitution."
Why, sir, what a doetiine is that! That if a
gentleman's words do give aid and comfort to our
enemies, we cannot, accoiding to our rules or
under the Constitution, do anything with them.
Sir, after the utterance of that sentence early in
the debate, it must excite no wonder to see gen-
tlemen opposite with shields loiked over and
around the member from 'Ohio to protect him
and to say that he shall have the privilege of ad-
vocating the recognition of treason on this floor;
that he shall have the privilege of paralyzing the
energies of our soldiers in the field, by telling
them that their Government and Constitution is
dead; that he shall have the privilege of nerving
to new struggles and to new energies the traitorous
armies of the confederacy, which our own gallant
troops have been pressing closer and closer, both
upon the Atlantic seaboard and upon the Gulf.
What support to our imperiled country is this!
Ah ! sir, what words of encouragement are these
to go to the army of the Potomac, which in a
few days is to meet the enemies of the Republic
in, perhaps, the Waterloo of this great contest.
If we permit this, then lift your blockade  be-
cause you are sending to the rebel camps what
will do more to strengthen the^p than the mu-
nitions of war, which by that blockade you seek
to exclude.
Mr. Speaker, I must hasten on. lest my time
should expire, unless indeed the House will ex-
tend my time, as they have promised, to the length
of the interruptions to which 1 have submitted.
Mr. COX. I object to the gentleman's lime
being extended, unless I am allowed to make a
personal correction.
Mr. COLFAX. I am surprised that the ob-
jection should come from that side of the House
after yielding to it over ten minutes of my time
already on that express understanding, and con-
ceded to the gentleman from Ohio the close after
me,
Mr. COX. The gentleman refused to yield to
me after he had given way to others.
Mr. COLFAX. I was willing then and am
now to yield to the gentleman, and hope all ob-
jection will be withdrawn upon this side of the
House.
Mr. CRESWELL. No, sir; I objected at the
time, and I object now.
Mr. COLFAX. I come now to the speech of
the member from Ohio [Mr. Long] itself, and
am going to do it justice, quoting its very words
as I comment on it. I pass over his allusion to
the President's " coming through Baltimore under
cover of night, disguised in a plaid cloak and.
Scotch cap, lest, as was feated by his friends, he
might have received a warmer greeting than would
have been agreeable at the hands of the constitu-
ents of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Da-
vis.]" He ought to have said "at the hands
of the enemies" of my friend. And it is to be re-
gretted that when he alluded to that he could not
have atleast tebuked, #>ven faintly, that plot which
was the cause of the Chief Magistrate's coming
through Baltimore in that way. But the gentle-
man is entitled to choose his own words.
He then goes on to speak of the opening of this
war, and says, after the mauguiation:
"A secret meeting of the Govcinoi? of a number of States
was soon alter held in tlu-, eiiv. A -oheme was devised
and a vessel s-ent out, under pietm^e oi furnishing piovis-
jons to the troops with Major And -i-on ir> Fort Sumter.
On aruvnig m Charleston iiarboi the people ot that city
fned upon the toit. The telegraph bote the news Jo this
cif\, ami on it.- lir-*tmontion to the Pie^tdent he exclaimed,
(I knew they u-oul-t do it;' which to my mind is conclusive
1h.it it iras intended expressly for thai purpose.*' " * *
'• Thus, sir, teas the war inaitgut titcd."1'
Sir, it is scarcely necessary to vindicate the truth
of history, except to say that every one knows
that it was in January ,'1861, two months before the
inauguration of Mr. Lincoln, that the provision
vessel intended to supply our troops in Fort Sum-
ter, the Star of the West, was fired upon by the
batteries on Morris island in Charleston harbor.
Nay, more than that, we ail know that when, after
that time, Mr. Lincoln stood upon the steps of
this Capitol to take the oath which made him the
Chief Magistrate of this nation, although on the
18th of February Jeff. Davis had declared at
Montgomciy that the day of compromise was
passed, and that now the North must smell south-
j em gunpowder and feel southern steel, Mr. Lin-
j coin, with a kindness of heart which did honor
{ to him, said in reply, "There shall be no^blood
! shed unless you yourselves commence it. lie
| said it ill the hope that their fell puipuse might
| be set aside and that our country might not he
