1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1629
compelled to drink the bloody dregs of the cup of
ci\ S war. Bat, sir, thirsting for blood, and at a
time when they could have obtained possession
of Fatt Sumter in two days by the exhaustion
of the supplies of its beleaguered garrison, they
opened their batteries on that fort—guns forged
under the flowing folds of the stars and stripes,
and trained by men who had received their educa-
tion at the nation's expense at West Point—guns
auru'd at the very heart of the American Republic.
And not even then was war declared on our side.
But when the telegraph brought us the rejoicing
speech of the rebel secretary of war, Walker, in
which he declared that the next month would find
'he ir armies in this capital,and that by May they
would dictate peace to us m " Independence Hall
at Philadelphia," then, and not till then, did Mr.
Lincoln lay aside the olive-branch of peace and
appeal to the people to draw the sword of war,
and to-save the country which they had committed
to his charge. Then, and not till then, were sol-
diers called for to resist the triumphal march of
the rebel army already in the field, and armed
with the nation's guns sent to them by Floyd.
But, sir, that is not the history of the opening
of the war which the gentleman from Ohio gives.
On the contrary, in this paragraph he seeks to re-
lieve 1 be assassins of his country from the dam-
ning guilt of having plunged this country into t4ie
horrors of civil war. That cause, abhorred of
man as it will be in the future, abhorred of God
as 1 believe it now is, that rebel cause, steeped in
shame and scarred with crime, floating a flag black
with treason and red with blood, the most svicked
cause that ever outraged the justice of God or
stained the annals of men, has had no such vin-
dication before as it has now in the speech of the
gentleman from Ohio.
But he goes on and says, speaking of these trai-
tors in aims:
"And now, ir, with* such a prospect before them as the
pcijtnl of Mibumsion, outlawry, disfranchisement, M>cial,
moial, r:n<l politic,il degtadaiion penuiv for them-.<;]ves and
the'relnldien,decieed a> their portion, will they throw down
their aim6; and Milmiil to the trims? Who *hail believe th.it
the fioi*, proud American blood, which coui«es with a*
quick pu I-at ion through thrir vem* as our own, will not be
spilled lo the lost drop in icnitancel''
Why not send them an appeal to come back to
their allegiance which they have forfeited and for-
sworn? No, sir, that is not the appeal which
comes from these walls to rebels in aims. On the
contrary this member says for them, as if the
wish was father to the thought, that they will
spill the last drop of their blood in resistance!
What does that mean? It means that when
they appear in arms against the soldiers of the
Union they are to be justified and encouraged by
such arguments in spilling their last drop of blood;
and that means the muidenng of your brothers,
your fatheis,and your sons in the field, who are
faithful to the allegiance which these traitois m
arms have lepudiated.
Lot me quote again from the gentleman. In the
eaine column he savs:
" Can the Union be restored ly ? I an=wei mo>t un-
he-t'ir tingly and dHibe lately. No. never ; c v ai i<? final, eter-
nal trpa>ahon.1 My fh^t and htulic^t giound ol oppoMtion
to il- JiriMT p>o^eemion is, that if!-: wroncr ; it is in viola-
tion of th( C" '^titidion, mul «>f the fundamental piniciples
on winch Uie f<dei;d Union was founded."1
Mr. Speaker, that declaration that the war to
save the nation %> life is "in violation ofthcCon-
Mmuion," is the very echo of the language of
Jefferson Davis himself.
The gentleman goes on further: he refers to the
views expressed by the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Stevens.j That gen-
tleman came here from his sick-bed to lepudiate,
with indignant eloquence and emphasis, the idea
that he hud given his adherence to any such views;
that, on the coutiaiy, lie claimed that we had the
double i ijjht to war on them, as foreign enemies, as
they claim they are, and as domestic tt aitors also.
Still moie i*f the very language of Jeff. Davis
is found in the following extract from the gentle-
man 's speech:
" Thuv yeai-'< xp-nicneo nt attempting < by mimoi ical
pi< puiideiance and imh'aiy prowe-s ot one section exerted
t<> UKtce the otlu i into : ubiin -.-.on" has-' convinced me
mote thoiou-jhb that it i- ';b .<eh-contiadicioiy n-s it
dangerouscoidradicloiy. he,-fuse it tiolatcs (he q-, ect prin-
ciples. of J) cc   j} a uiHtnl 'kick 'ihrtie their just puivas
firm the of the at" i nr,!.' and dangeio'i< beeau-e
by it-. exe,<. i- e, pccl.u!> when \\ i< !d<jd b> a weak. vacii-
and una; mpaloii: man, it t'cAtOy* inUeudof main-
tuiiiiu >• the Union.
Then, if we
' vioh'img the gt'< nt principles
of free government," the rebels are right and we
are wrong, our soldiers must be murderers, and
we a conclave of tyrants when we vote money
to keep them in the field. And if I believed as
does the gentleman from Ohio, I would not sit
here with such associates a moment longer.
The gentleman warms with his theme as he
progresses, and says:
" If the time ever teas when the Union could have been re-
stored by tcar (which I do not believe) it has long since been
dispelled by emancipation, confiscation, amnesty, and the
like proclamations-, military orders annulling State consti-
tutions, setting aside State laws, obliterating State lines,
and attempting to organize and tet up a form of State gov-
ernment m their stead in which otic man out of ten who
shall turn abolitionist, take and subscribe an oath to exe-
cute and obey the will of Abiaham Lincoln, whatever it
may be, *ha!l govern and in!e overthcremainingnine who
reiusc to become abolitionists."
I cannot stop to expose at any length this per-
vctsion of the President's plan, but draw atten-
tion to this sentence in order to show that the
gentleman declares here that if ever the time was
when the Unioit could be restored by war or by any
other means, that time has passed on account of
the emancipation proclamation, &c. It need only
be said in regard to the President's proclamation,
that it is not an assumption of dictatorial powers,
but their abdication. It transfers the care of the
State to the ballot-box of loyal citizens instead of
puling it by the bayonet, and his plan should not
thus be perverted. Nay, more, the very oath
which the President requires sets out that the
persons taking it shall not be bound by it if the
Supreme Couit of the United States shall declaie
that proclamation unconstitutional.
"What wrong is there m that? If that procla-
mation is constitutional and in force, then every
good citizen should give it obcdicnce; and if the
highest court, of judicature shall declare it un-
constitutional, then the oath will not rest upon
them asingle moment. Butthc paragraph quoted
can only be intended as an argument to these
rebels not to return to their allegiance. Let us
come to the concluding pait of his speech wheic
he speaks of the amnesty. It will be seen that
the objections to this speech do not rest on asin-
gle paragraph, like the following resolution of-
fered by the gentleman from Illinois in regaid to
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Harris,]
but on the whole speech:
u Wheiea< Hon. Benjamin G. Harris, a member of the
Ilou^e ofItepie*entative^ fiom the skate of Maiyland has,
upon thK day. used the following language, to wit: 'The
South a-k jou to let them live in peace; but, no, you said
you would hung them into subjection. That is not done
yet, .ind God Almighty giant that it never may be. I hope
you will never subjugate the South.5 And whereas such
language is uea--onabie and a gross contempt of this J louse:
Theteiore,
(>JBe it resolved, That the said Benjamin G. Harris be
expelled honi tin* House."
After making a historical citation of Galileo, he
says:
"So it will he with the man who h forced to take the
nmnec-ty oath, to save bini>ei!. his faini!>, and his piopeity ;
| he niav take it, but in/m hecut he will del est and despise the
' authority that requires it.'*
Let the gentleman from Ohiogo out toward the
front, and there he will find men lurking in am-
bush for the purpose of murdering our brothers
who stand as sentinels ngainst the advance of the
enemy. They are men who have taken the oath
for the puipose of having the piotection of the
Government, and obtaining supplies sometimes
for their stai ving families. They arc farmers in
daytime ami gueri lllas at night. When our troops
capture one of tho3e men and prepare to punish
him as a skulking and foiesworn murderer, he can
present the speech of the gentleman from Ohio
and say, " By the counsels of a speech made in
your Hall which you refused to icbuke, i was
told if 1 was compelled to take this oath in my
heart he would expect me to hate and despise the
authority which required it.3' Is that advice " true
allegiance to the Government," and "mamtain-
( ing and supporting il against ail enemies, foreign
! and domestic?"
! But to go on. He says:
i " Hut, Mi. Chan man, how do we. <-tand in the eye^oi the
] civdized woild to day in. uu«wg a i neof subjugation and
I conquest ag'tinst the roufcdciate Glutei uAich /cue acceded
| ficm us and ict up n i^ot cfiunuti of their o a i, ? Aic we not
| inconsistent with all our l./imer aet^r Have we not been
{ eailv to admit thN pjep' i v, ithiegarJ to otijcr,^: Th^rc
\ nerrr ?."<•,? a pi .ojiZe on ike j.iccoj the (fi tk that demanded an
: indcj'Ohlcnt goiermucnl tht I did not have the <.jmpathy oi
! the icun people, cm1 ou^ht uc no v. to sA/ ink Jioui the
! dochine wc hucc tan so uilling to app7y to ethers V
i Sir, if thaU-means, as it says, to giro <{ sympa-
thy " to traitors in arms, I refuse for one to send
them sympathy from this Hall. But through and
through, the speech is filled with these inculca-
tions. Lctusgo still furtherdown in the column.
There is much more which there is not time to
read. Let me ask your attention, however, to this
significant confession of how long he has enter-
tamed these views:
" What our people desired in 1881, and which T honored
though I regarded as mistaken^ was? the preservation of the
Government anil the retention of our jurisdiction of the whole
territory
From 1861 till now he has regarded " the preser-
vation of tiie Government and the retention of our
jurisdiction of the whole territory " as a mistake.
*Why did not the gentleman say so .when, in the
month of December, he came heieand took an oath
that he would bear true faith and allegiance to the
United States against all enemies, foreign and do-
mestic? If he regarded the preservation of the
Government and the Union, and its retention of
jurisdiction over the whole country as an error,
then he could not, it seems to me. honorably take
that oatii, which requires true faith and allegiance
to the whole Union and hostility to all its ene-
mies. We must pass rapidly over these things.
He goes on to say:
"The great object of our Government should be to de-
velop and cultivate the internal resouices of those friendly
to its jurisdiction, rather than to extend it over hostile and
toreign peoples."
No, sir; the great object of our Government is
to maintain to the latest syllable of recorded time
our government over every foot of land which
belongs to this Union, every rood and iota of it.
It is doubly sacred now; sacred by the sufferings
and death of those who established this Union;
sacred by the blood that has flowed upon every
battle-field, and by the graves of our soldiers scat-
tered all over the sunny South. Jackson did not
say in 183*2 that we must yield the Union at the
demand of u hostile people," but that " the Union
must and shall be preserved."
He says further:
"The words Shiloh, Antietam, Gettysburg, Murfrees-
boro', Kiclunoml, Vicksbtirg,aud Fort DoucUon are wotrds
of division and disunion."
Oh, no, sir; they arc bonds of union. They
are battle-fields we can never surrender. For
again, sir, our noble banner, not a star dimmed,
not a stripe erased, shall wave over every battle-
field and court-house and spire throughdut the
entire South, with none to dare do it despite or
dishonor.
The gentleman from Ohio gives us his counsel
as he draws toward a close, as follows:
"Mr. Chairman, these lessons of history are full of warn-
ing and example. Much belter would it have been for us
in the beginning, much better would il be for us now, to con-
sent to a division of our magnificent empire and cultivate
amicable relations aith our estranged brethren, than to seek
to hold them to us by the power of the sword."
What a summing up is thm 1 We should "con-
sent to a division of our magnificent empire, and
cultivate amicable relations with our estranged
brethien." Not a word of condemnation for the
fiends who have covered the land with slaughter.
No syllable of sympathy for a bleeding country.
The dead and wounded, fallen on a hundred bat-
tle-fields, grappling with the bunded murderers
of liberty, arouse no sensibility. But these m-
giates and pauicides are our "estranged brcth-
ien," toward whom wc should feel "amicable,"
Wc have all heard before of these "estranged
brethren" of ours. On the bloody field of Hull
Run our heroic soldiers, who had laid down their
lives for the countiy founded by Washington,
were dug up from their graves by these our
" brethien," theirskulis convened into drinking-
cups,and their bones into ornaments to be paraded
throughout the South. Nay, more. Often this
winter 1 have, met at my own residence heieand
elsewheie in Washington a gallant young officer,
whose heroism, though costing him a limb, had
won for him honorable fame. How he was beloved
by those who knew him you all do know. Manly,
wai m-heartcd, b;ave in battle, and generous in
victory, with apitriotism and desotion worthy
oi himself, he h ft here with a heart full of sym-
pathy for ins gallant connadrs pining in the pris-
ons of Richmond, and forgot that he was ci ippled
in the trying day and night rides of Kilpatrick's
raid on the n-bij capital. I allude to Colonel Ul-
rift Dahigreu, young in years, butoneof nature's
noblemen in deed. He wasatnbushed and slain.
