1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2605
manded in abundance to have brought this war
to a close.
But President Lincoln confounds matters and
questions of legislative expediency and policy,
varying with changing circumstances and exi-
gencies, and which within certain limits would be
constitutional, but which are purely of a legisla-
tive character, and therefore belong exclusively to
Congress, and seeks to usurp them to himself m
an exten! subversive ofevery principle, limitation,
restriction, and guarantee of rights and liberties
assured by the Constitution, under the pretext of
military necessity. No claim of power ever sur-
passed this in absurdity, audacity, and destruc-
tiveness of constitutional government and popular
rights and liberty.
But suppose under this vague indefinite power
of military necessity, thissumof all political ab-
surdities and political villainies, he had said to
the State of Maine, "The condition of the coun-
try, the exigencies of the military and naval ser-
vice require that I shall have all your ships, all
your ship-building material, all your horses, all
your manufactured products; they are necessary
and they can be appropriated to the use of the
Army; therefore I will take them. I will take
them under this imaginary power of military ne-
cessity, and you shall have no compensation for
them." What then would have been the lan-
guage of the Senator from Maine? He would
have made as resolute and as uncompromising a
protest against that enormous and absurd and
most tyrannical power as I when it seeks to se'ize
on the slaves of my State. 1 have the same
guarantees of Constitution and law to my prop-
erty that he and his constituents have to theirs.
And yet, sir, military tyrants, tools of usurpers,
unlledged ensigns and military provosts come
through the country, seize upon the slaves of
loyal men, and when the officer of the law with
its process appears at the encampment to execute
the process of the law, myrmidons with fixed
bayonets are sent forth, and they prick the officer
of the law with the process of a sovereign State
in a matter over which it has supreme arid ex-
clusive jurisdiction, by brute violence from the
execution of its mandate. I have witnessed that
scene myself; and, so help me Heaven, if I had
been Governor of the State of Kentucky, or a
commander of a Kentucky regiment, I then and
there would have made the question by the issue
of battle, and 1 would do it to-morrow if i was
in a position so to act.
Here are New Yoik and New England and the
eastern States that have a vast amount of aggre-
gated capital in the form of bank stocks and man-
ufacturing stocks and other stocks, safety fund
banks and savings banks. What more necessary
to enable his majesty the Emperor Abraham [,
to carry on war than money? Why then should
he come to Congress and ask for the levy of taxes
if military necessity vests him with the power
to do everything, to command anything and any
agency that the exigencies of war may demand?
There is no greater necessity or power of war than
money. Why does he come to Congress and ask
Congress to assess taxes? Why, instead of calling
out seventy-five thousand men for three mouths,
did he not call out a million during the war, at the
outset? Why did he trouble himself with the de-
lay and the debates and the discordant views and
clashing arguments of Congress at all? If the
magic power of military necessity gives him aright
to override the Constitution and all its provisions
and guarantees, why did not he go on in the most
summary and energetic manner to execute this vast
power and bring this rebellion to a closeatonce?
Sir, he has no such power. Theie is no greater
absuidity to a well-ordered and well-read legal
mind than that the President is clothed With any
power of necessity that will enable him to trample
under foot one single provision of the Constitu-
tion. He is the creature of the Constitution, lie
is legally and legitimately its slave; it is his master.
The man has never spoken or lived who can
prove by any provision of the Constitution, or by
any principle, or by any argument to be deduced
logically and fairly from it, that he has any such
power as this vast, gigantic, all-conquering, and
all-crushing power of military necessity which he
has the audacity to claim. Tins modern emper-
or, this Tiberius, a sort of a Tiberius, and his ^e-
janus, a sort of a Sejanus, the head of the War
'Department, are organizing daily their military
courts to try civilians, to try men not engaged in
the military or naval service of the United States,
or in the militia of the States in the actual service,
and not for military offenses either, but for civil
offenses. The honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mi. Sumner] put a case the other day
that in its features was shocking; but every mem-
ber of that court-martial who was engaged in try-
ing thatbarbarian ill Tennessee under martial law
and convicting him of homicide in the form of
manslaughter or murder was a trespasser, i
might see a man, a ruffian, an assassin in the
most wanton and unprovoked manner make an
assault upon the Senator from Massachusetts.
He might slay him. If in the act of slaying him
I could interfere so as to save his life, I would be
authorized to take the life of the assailant; but
when the deed was consummated, if it was but
for one instant of time, if I then slew the assail-
ant, I myself would be a murderer; and any in-
telligent and independent court in America would
so instruct a jury trying me upon an indictment
for murder. Sir, it is only in cases arising in the
military and naval service of the United States,
or in the militia when in the actual service of the
United States, that a military court by military
law, martial or any other kind, can assume juris-
diction of a crime and a ctimmal.
Whenever a citizen is charged with an offense,
and that citizen is not in the Army or Navy, and
doubly so where, the offense is not of a military
character, the military or naval court have no
more jurisdiction over the subject than would the
honorable Senator from Maine and myself. Sup-
pose we were to interfere and organize ourselves
into a court to try the case and sentence the man
as a murderer to be hung, and direct our myrmi-
dons to take him off and hang him; we should be
murderers although he had murdered a man but
the moment before. Sir, I want one labor of love
before I die. I want the President of the United
States, I want his Secretary of War, I want some
of his high officers in military command to bring
a civilian to a military execution, and me to have
the proud privilege of prosecuting them for mur-
der.
This principle has often been tested in Eng-
land, and it was tested in the case of Governor
Wall, as I said here on a former occasion, the
military commander of the colony of Angora, in
Africa. He there had a soldier arraigned, a man
in the military service of his Majesty, for a mili-
tary offense, and the drum-head court-martial
condemned him to receive eight hundred stupes.
The Governorwas presentand gave directions for
its being laid on, and when the vigor of blows
was about'relaxing he stimulated them to strike
harder and with more force. The man did not
die immediately, but did in a few hours from the
atrocious punishment. Twenty years afterwards
Governor Wall returned to England. He was
indicted for murder, although he had had that
man sentenced by adrum-head court-martial, and
the sentence literally executed under which he
died. Lord Loughborough tried the case, and
he chaiged the juiy that it was murder, and the
jury found a verdict that it was murder, and the
felon governor was condemned to die the death
of a murderer.
Sir, I want this war to close for one great,grand,
moral reason, and the reign of liberty and of well-
regulated liberty restored. X want the reign_ of
the Constitution and of the laws and of the civil
courts once more to be resumed in this enslaved
country of ours, in all its majesty, grandeur, and
power. I want these high delinquents, such as
Abraham Lincoln, and Stanton, and thousands
of others that I could name, brought to tual m
our civil courts under tile civil law,and thecouit
presided ovur by such judges as Holt and Hale,
and others who have adorned the English and
American bench. 1 want the law and its just
retribution to be visited upon these great delin-
quents. I would sooner, if i had the power, bring
about such an atonement as that than 1 would even
put down the rebellion. It would be a greater
victory in favor of freedom and constitutional Iib-
j erty,atbousand-fold, ofall the people of America
i besides, than the subjugation of the lebel States
!■ could possibly be.
i| Mr. Piesident, Franklin once said that oursins
; and our debts weie greater than any of us took
them to be; and I find that whenever 1 get up to
:! speak,! do not care on what subject, ray spcech
runs to a much greater length than I intended it
should. At the time I rose i thought I would
make a few remarks in reply to the honorable
Senator from Maine, for whom I have great per-
sonal respect, indeed; and my only regret is that
he has not more respect for the Constitution of
his country and the rights of other States than he
has. I think that if he and all New England had
been of a less meddling and less aggressive and
less—I had almost said selfish and fanatical dis-
position, but I might call him up again. I will
not trespass longer on the Senate.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire,sir, to submit
a few remarks in favor of the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Pow-
eel,] and I propose to confine myself as far as
I can to the subject under consideration.
The very argument used by the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] in favor of a continuation
of these bounties is a good reason why they
should not be continued. He says that they have
had them for eighty years. Any interest in this
country that cannot sustain itself after it has been
sustained by the Government for eighty years
ought not to be continued.
In a discussion that we had on this subject at
the last session of Congress it was admitted by
the gentlemen who insist that these bounties shall
be continued, that of all the persons in the naval
service of the United States two thirds of them
received their education in the mercantile marine
and not under this fishing bounty. It was ad-
mitted during the progress of that debate, and I
presume it will not be denied now, that those per-
sons who were drawn from the mercantile marine
were just as good sailors as those that had been
engaged m the fisheries. Why is itthen thatwe
pay §400,000 every yeai to keep up these fish-
eries when we can get. just as good naval seam6n
from our mercantile marine to which we pay no
bounties ?
And, Mr. President, there is another reason.
You have lost during the progress of this.rebel-
lion one fifth of the tonnage of the country, while
the decrease in the amount of bounties that you
pay for these fisheries is very small. While your
mercantile marine has suffered very greatly, this
interest that has been fostered for eighty years
by the Government bounty that you draw from
the hard hands and toil of my constituents has
decreased but very little. Is there any necessity,
then, when there is such ascarcity of money, such
a demand for it, why the Government should at-
tempt to educate seamen at this enormous ex-
pense when they can get just as good from the
mercantile marine? There is no reason that can
be urged why this should be done.
But, sir, it is said that we must not touch these
peisons; that they have rights which have been
icspected for many years. Mr. President, we
are at this moment taxing every interest in the
country for the purpose of keeping up the public
credit and keeping our Army fed and clothed in
the field. You tax articles to-day so that you
have driven them from use throughout this coun-
try, that had become articles of necessity; that
had never been taxed before since the foundation
of the Government. A gentleman-suggests that
you are taxing whisky and tobacco. It isavowed
on the floor of the Senate that you intend to draw
your revenue mainly from those two articles.
You are taxing them five hundred per cent, more
than you did a year ago; but you say we must
not touch this bounty that we pay the seamen.
It would be infinitely cheaper to-day, it would
have been infinitely cheaper at any time during
our past history, to have bought out the fisheries,
to have bought all the craft that have been sailed
there, rather than to pay these bounties to them.
Mr. President, every portion of the country is
making sacrifices now to main tain the public credit;
and why is it, for what purpose, what beneficial
purpose of the Government are we to pay these
bounties and keep up this little fishing party that
goes up there and draws its support 1 apprehend
mainly from the Government? I have no great
anxiety or fear in reference to this subject. The
bounties may not be lepealed to-day; but when
you come to lay the hand of taxation upon our
people, when they come to examine and explore
what has brC'imu of the money, tiiry will begin
to make a little noise about this; after a while they
will begm to inquire what becomes every year of
>400,000. They will be told that it has gone to
