1630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
.Our "estranged brethren," with whom we are
to cultivate "amicable relations, "whoareali in ihe
right, while we are all in the wrong, left his dead
body in the road to be eaten by hogs; and when
at last it had been buried in the field near which
he fell, they dug it up and carried it to Richmond,
and after exhibiting it like barbarians, his remains,
which death might have saved from-insult, were
tumbled into some unknown pit,and the Richmond
papers declared with fiendish and malicious re-
joicing that he had died the death and received the
burial of a dog! Contrast this with our treatment
of O. Jennings Wise, Garnett, Zollicofifer, &c.
These* men, whose hate ends nor at the grave,
arc our "estranged brethren," with whom the
geritleman from Ohio tells us we are to cultivate
"amicable relations," besides dissolving our
Union at their command Sir, \ felt it to be my
duty to ask the House whether they would send
-the member's speech abroad to the country with-
out expressing their solemn condemnation of it
in this fearful hour of our nation's peril. Those
•who vote against rebuking it may take that re-
sponsibility.
If you wish to know more of these " estranged
brethren"go with me to Belle Isle, and there re-
ceive the hospitalities which they award to pris-
oners of war. The picture is too saddening and
fearful to dwell upon, if you want to see more,
then go to East Tennessee, where women, for
loving the Union, have been outraged so that they
longed for the day of their death as they did for
the day of their bridal, and where Union men
have been hanged by the neck for no other crime
than fidelity to that allegiance to which all of ua
here are sworn. Shall we cultivate "amicable
relations" with such men as these? No, sir, the
sword of the Government will never be sheathed
except over the grave of treason. But the gentle-
man goes on to say:
"Those elements of union which Mr. Adams described
have, by the process ot time, been destroyed. W< r>>i', yea,
worse than that, Mi. Chairman,! am rehieumly forced to
the conclusion that in attemptm* to picscrve our juiKdic-
uon over the southern State* we have tost our constitutional
form of goueniwcuf orcr the noithcrn.
"What lias been predicted by our wisest and most emi-
nent statesmen hu^come to pass 5 niyin' pin^at the whadmv
we have lost the substance ; in sinvinj* to iciani the casket
of liberty in which our ]C\vlH vvei e confined, we huvo lot
those pieeious muniments of fteedom Our Government,
as all know, ih not anything resembling what it was three
years Ago; there is not one single vestige of the Constitution
remaining; vve,\y cluu^e andevery letterofu ha-beert vio-
lated, and I have no idea myself that u will ever again be
respected; revolutions never go backwuid to the point at
which they started."
If there is no Constitution left, what did the
gentleman swear to support when he stood at that
desk? If there was not a vestige of the Consti-
tution remaining, then his oath was, in his own
opinion, a nullity and a dead letter, and he knew
that when he took it. He says further:
" To preserve a republican form of government under any
constitution, under the prevalence oj the doctrines now in
vogue, is clearly impossible. These conv.U tioiis of the com-
plete overthroic of ovr Government are as unwelcome and
unpleasant to mo as they are to any member of this Hou-.c."
♦ ♦•*****-«
" I shall not, in these remaikp, tecur to the unpleasant
and acrimonious controveihy of who Is ro^poiusiblu/or the
death and destruction of our Rrpubiic.*7
Sir, if that Constitution is dead, if the Republic
is dead and destroyed as he states, if the Govern-
ment is overthrown as he avers, there is no other
constitution left in this land save the Montgomery
constitution framed by those rebels. The gentle-
man does not tell us that, but he cays that a gov-
ernment has been organized there, and we ail
know they claim they have a constitution. With
the recognition of the traitor government, we rec-
ognize their " constitution "as an existing fact also.
And ours beingail destroyed,as he says", that one
will be the only living one on these shores. Are
gentlemen on the other side ready to say that this,
too, should not be condemned most severely here r
But when he asserts that the Constitution is
destroyed, I answer him from the speech last Sat-
urday ofhis colleague, (Mr. Cox.] Said that gen-
tleman:
11 What is the life of the nation, sir, of which we hear so
much? I know no other life of the nation except that in-
carnate m the written Constitution, which protects piop-
eity, person, home, conscience, liberty, and life. Take
away these, and there is no nation. Society is stagnant
and dead.-'5
And then, after this declaration that the life of
the nation is incarnate in tiie Constitution,and that
it protects till of us aud all our rights, he goes on
to say that " under no circumstances conceivable
by the human mind, would he ever violate that
Constitution for any purpose," and applies his
reasoning on these two points, as follows:
"If there be any man in this Chamber who holds or utters
any other eentimcnt in inference to the Constitution and
his oath than this which I have expressed, I say to him that
language has no term of reproach, and the mind no idea of
df tcna'tum, adequate to express the moral leprosy and trea-
son couched in his language and clinging to lus soul."
His colleague, [Mr. Long,] as shown just now,
" holds and utters another sentiment in reference
to the Constitution," when he declares that it is
dead, destroyed, not a vestige of it remaining; and
I leave him to the denunciation of his own col-
league, [Mr. Cox.j
Mr. COX rose.
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot yield, having quoted
the gentleman's own words from his speech,and
having but little time left.
Mr. COX. That language of.mine was used,
as the gentleman will see if he reads the context
properly, with direct reference to ?i remark made
by my colleague who sits near him, [Mr. Gar-
field,] that he would undercertain circumstances
overleap the barriers of the Constitution, and also
with reference to a remark made by one of the
gentleman's own colleagues, [Mr. Julian,] that
under certain circumstances he would " blast the
Constitution." I said that was moral treason. -
Mr. COLFAX. Sir, I am quoting the gentle-
man 's own emphaticlanguage of denunciation and
reading fiom his own speech. I avoid the use of
language of that kind myself, butam applying his
language, intended, it is true, for others, to the sen-
timents just quoted from his colleague's speech.
But the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Long,] after
all this argument, nt last boldly declares for rec-
ognition of u'bel independence and nationality
as his choice of all alternatives remaining to us.
And here are Ius words:
" I do not Muire in the belief enteitained by many of my
political ti lends on tlu-> Hour and* eKe where, tli.it any peace is
attainable upon the basis of union and 1 econsti net ion. If the
Demociatie p<u i> woie in po\\ u to d.iv f haw no idea, and
hone-ty roinpeU me to decl.lie it, that they could lotoie
the Union ol thutv-toui Slates, My mind has undergone
an entile change upon that subject; and I now believe there
ate hut t 10 alia nativet, and thes .11 e either an acknowledg-
ment of the independence 01 the South as an independent
nation,or their complete subjugation and extermination as
a peopl",and ofihe^c alternatives ( jnefcr the foimer.
"Mi. Cham nan, I take little or no interest in the discussion
of the question which many ot my political hiends would
make an i-Mie, as to how tins wai shall be piosccuted, its
manner and objeet. I repaid that a*. \voim> than tufhng
with the. meat question. I do not believe llu'ie can be any
pio.secuuon ol the war against a sovereign State under ihe
Constitution, and F do not believe th.it a wai so earned on
ean be pioseeuted so as to render it piopei, notifiable, or
expedient. •/7?i vnc.tnstitulio)ial war can only be earned on
in an unconstitutional manner,&.c., &e.
Before I proceed to comment on this extiaor-
dinary declaration, let me understand if my time
is to be extended, as has been promised when I
yielded to these repeated intenuptions fiom the
other side.
Mr. CHANLER. I object to any extension.
Mr. COLFAX. I expected the objection would
come from that side of the House, although 1 have
voluntarily given the gentleman from Ohio an
hour after me, which he had no tight to claim.
But 1 ask no favors.
Air. COX. I claim the right to withdraw the
objection 1 made a while ago to the extension of
the gentleman's lime.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, I shall lesutne
my seat and submit the case to the House.
Mi. LONG obtained the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
1 believe the understanding was that the gentleman
from Indtnn.i was to have all the time he desired.
JVlr. COLFAX. 1 will not accept any exten-
sion of my time while gentlemen upon this floor
object, as I saw the gentleman from New York
[Mr. CiiANLF.it] object.
Mr. McKlNNEY. The gentleman yielded
seven or eight minutes of his time to this side, ot
the Iiou&e. Now 1 hope he will go on.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. It was distinctly under-
stood on this side of the House that he was to
have that right.
Mr. DAWSON. I think the gentleman ought
to be allowed to proceed without interruption,
and I trust there will be no objection from this
side of the House.
Mr. ANCONA. I rise to a point of order.
Unanimous consent was given, as I understood,
to our honorable Speaker to proceed beyond his
hour, and it is too late to object now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. He has pro-
ceeded beyond his hour seven minutes.
Mr. ANCONA. No time was indicated.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. He was to have all the
time he wished
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Long] has the floor.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I wish it to be distinctly
understood that I am no party to this objection
raised against the gentleman from Indiana pro-
ceeding.
Mr. CHANLER. I wish toassume the whole
responsibility of the matter.
Mr. COLFAX. And i am willing the gentle-
man shall assume the whole responsibility. -
Mr. LONG. I appeal to my friend from New
York to extend the courtesies of the House to
the Speaker and allow him to finish his remarks.
I hope he will do it from considerations personal
to myself.
Mr. COLFAX. Let me end this discussion.
No repentant concession of the member from New
York will 1 accept. [Applause.]
Mr. CHANLER. I simply want to say that
I desire to yield to the request of my friend from
Ohio. [Loud shouts of "Order!"]
Mr. LONG. I regret this occurrence very
much. I had hoped that thegentleman from Indi-
ana would be allowed two hours, if he wished, and
I 1 egret very much that this objection has-been
made by my friend from New York.
Before proceeding, I will ask unanimous con-
sent of the House that the gentleman from Indi-
ana be allowed to print the balance of his speech.
Mr. COLFAX. Thegentleman from Indiana
prints no words that he does not utter here, and
especially none in regard to a matter like this.
Thegentleman makes the proposition in courtesy,
but I cannot consent to it myself.
Mi. LONG. Mr. Speaker, i should have been
glad to be relieved from the necessity of making
any remarks upon this most extraordinary oc-
casion. I should have preferred not to address
the House on a matter so personal to myself; but
the extraordinary circumstances by which 1 find
myself surrounded, the peculiar manner in which
this discussion has been conducted, and the im-
portance of the occasion tome individually, seem
to demand that I should make a brief response to
some of the remarks which have been made by
gentk men on the opposite side of the House.
Sir, ! was surpusud when I entered the doors
of this Hall ot) Sritmday last. The first sound I
heatd was the clear shrill voice of the Clerk read-
ing u resolution for my expulsion. 1 was amazed
when I learned that the Speaker of this House
had left Ins exalted position and moved that reso-
lution. Nor was I less astounded when I heard
the speech which he made in its support.
I do not complain ofhis having offered the reso-
lution. I do not propose to arraign him for having
offered it. I shall indulge in no personalities to-
ward him,or towatd anygentieman on this floor.
Let me say now that, with one or two exceptions,
I have been treated by all who have participated
in thisdebate with regard and consideration; and
whatever may be the result of the vote which the
House is about to take upon the question of per-
mitting me longer to occupy a seat here, I shall
always lecui with gratification to the manner in
which 1 have been referred to personally in the
coutse of this discussion.
My acquaintance with the«gent!emen on the
other side of the House is limited. There are
but few of them, comparatively, with whom I
have become intimate. But all of them, with few
exceptions, have referred to me in terms of re-
spect and kindness. They have not impugned
my motives; they have not found fault with the
manner m which I have expressed myself.
Now, sir, for what am I arraigned, for whatam
I on trial? In what have I offended, that I am no
longer to be regarded as worthy of membership
in this body ? In what, that I am an unfit associ-
ate of gentlemen on this floor with whom I have
been so pleasantly connected for the last four
months? What is it? Have I done aught incon-
sistent with that honorable position to which my
constituents elected me? Have 1 conducted my-
self on this floor in a manner unbecoming the dig-
nity of a Representative of the people? Have I
been indecorous or disorderly, or in an unseemly
