2606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
the people of Massachusetts and Maine—for I
believe they are the two States that are particu-
larly interested in it—for catching fish down near
Newfoundland, or in that neighborhood. Our
people will not be contentand satisfied to pay this
amount as bounty to them when they are being
taxed upon every article that they use, every ar-
ticle that they produce, when they are toiling
from early light until the stars come at night to
get the money to make the payment to carry on
their Government. The time is coming, and com-
ing very speedily, when you will not be able to
pay out this bonus. I shall vote for the amend-
ment and vote for it whenever it is proposed now
and hereafter during my continuance in Congress.
Mr. McDOUGrALL. Mr. President, perhaps
I am myself not quite old enough, perhaps I am
not sufficiently long a member of this body to
act the censor in the Senate; but I will take occa-
sion to say, notwithstanding, that when gentlemen
from the hills and valleys and the wide-wooded
plains of Kentucky undertake disparagingly to
discuss t\w morale t\nd particular quality of tho peo-
ple of the hills of New England, m doing this they
do not well. And again, when from the tall pine
wood* of Maine a Senator echoes back a response
in the same spirit of acrimony, he does not well.
In all these discussions sound argument and true
conclusions are lost or not observed; or if for the
moment observed, for the multitudinousncss of
talk not noted. This is a matter to be regretted
by all who look at tho serious business of legis-
lation and understand that it is a grave office we
have in hand here as Senators of a great people.
1 will for this occasion be censor for thus much.
Now, with regard to this present question, that
of the fishing bounties on our northeastern coast,
J might make a comparison with an interest in
my own State by starting the inquh y, is it not as
well to promote the bringing out of the yellow
gold fiom the m^ed mountains of the West as
drawing up the fish from the bottoms of the sea
on our* northeastern shores? And is there not
equal reason for promoting the mines of the mount-
ains as the mines of the sea' Hut that would
be stating antagonistic propositions; and while 1
am inclined to think that both would be right, the
denial of one does not prove that the other is
wrnntf. t am inclined to think, and have til ways
been inclined to thmk, that the policy of building
up a body of men trained to dare the sea from boy-
hood until manhood and from manhood until old
age on our northeastern shores was a policy that
would aid us in securing what we have aimed at
from an early day, the cm pit c of tho seas n.sHgamst
Great Britain and all the Crovei nments of Europe.
1 thought it a wise policy long since. We are not
n people limited to asingle interest. The tobacco
of Kentucky, the corn of Illinois, the gold of Cal-
ifornia, the manufactures of New England, the
commerce of tho seas, the wealth of other lands,
our rule at homo,our policy abroad; these inter-
ests and considerations furnish the materials for
a large policy, worthy of a great nation; and in
my contemplation of the considerations that
should govern our action I embrace them all.
On the northeastern nhoies of New England
we have, fronran eariy day, even fiom a peiiod
as early as the Revolution, sought to raise up a
body of hardy, fearless seamen, men who could
and would maintain our /lag fust on the seas.
Our northeastern coast is a school for seamen
better than that at Newport or Annapolis. It is
a school where men learn fearlessly to face and
firmly to triumph over pen!. The man who
learns to plant the prow of his frail smack against
the stonn-lashed waves of the northwestern At-
lantic must be a brave man—one of such men
as were the Vikings who, from the stormy coast
of Norway, came down and swept the coast of
Europe.
I understand this interest in that sense; it is a
school for seamen, it is a school for men who
will hold the helm firmest when the storm blows
wildest, and who,wuh Long Tom Coffin, stand
by the last plank. I understand it to be a school
for a class of men of that kind that have made
and will continue to make our Navy in times of
war one unequaled for skill, during, and success.
I had occasion to vote on tins question at a
foimer time, some ten or twelve years since. 1
then entertained the opinions I now express. I
have been a little jealous, I may say, Mr. Presi-
dent, for the reason that while we out in the West
expend the same energy and show the same spirit
in developing another equivalent necessary to our
Government, it is not protected butis taxed. My
own opinion is that that is a legitimate subject of
protection and not of taxation; but two wrongs
do not make a right, and if the Government does
not look as kindly as it ought upon the interest
which I more particularly represent, it is no rea-
son why it should not look kindly upon another
interest that should justly be protecteu.
I have never lived upon the eastern shore of
this continent. I hardly know what New Eng-
land is; I have visited it but for a brief period
twice in my life; but I know what the American
sailor is, and I know what they have done from
the organization of our Government, from the war
of independence, until now; and 1 know what a
New England sailorie; and I know that any man
trained to a fishing-smack on the northeast coast
must have the high qualities of a true sailor; such
experience would out of a semi-coward make a
courageous man. The sea is the school of cour-
age. It has been so through all time, and is so
to-day. For myself I think these fishing boun-
ties have not been ill bestowed; 1 think they have
been well bestowed; not as a favor to New Eng-
land, not as a favor to Massachusetts, not as a
favor to Maine, but as building up a class of men
to maintain our honor and our flag upon the seas
when the time of peril shall come. I do not know
how many here have been tempest-tossed on the
wide sea, when the crested waves seemed snow-
capped, mountain-high, when it required hearts
of fire and armsof iron to struggle with the angry
elements. Those who have can understand that
the master of a fishing-smack who dares the storms
of the northeast coast dares more than he who
carries a vessel out of the port of New York to
Havre or Liveipool or who doubles Cape Horn.
A class of brave, bold men are raised in these
fisheries, and lam glad they arc being raised, for
we shall have use of them in a very short time.
There is a great war before us. The chan man of
the Committee on Foreign Relations may ignore
it; gentlemen here may ignore it; it may be ignored
or dodged by many persons; but it is m our path;
it cannot be avoided; itis inevitable; itia written
in the book; we have to front, and meet a war with
the most aspiring State in Europe. The Ameri-
can people have already declared war with France.
All required now is some of the forms of office.
It should have been invited by us long ere this
time; and if we had true manly courage it would
have been invited. We have lost stiength, we
have lost tone, we have lost character, we have
lost dignify as a people by seeming acquiescence
in the outrage of France upon ourshoies. Hut
if we are slow we are not tho less sure. War with
France is one of our inevitable fates; it has to
come; and then, then i want the Vikings from
our northeastern const to man our ships, spioud
our sails upon all the sea^,drive France fiom the
ocean as we will drive her from our continent.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, atan ear-
lier stage m this session I voted for a proposition
to abolish these fishing bounties. I had not then
examined the question very fully. Since that my
attention has been turned to one or two facts, and
i am willing now to vote to abolish the fishing
bounties upon the condition that the reciprocity
treaty with Great Ijurain shall terminate. We
passed a law this session,! think, providing that
this bounty should not be paid until the fisher-
men or the parties claiming it should establish to
the satisfaction of the Treasury Department the
fact that they had paid into the Treasury the duty
imposed by law upon the salt used in curing the
fish taken by them, and for which they claimed
the bounty. I am told by those who are con-
versant with the facts that that duty amounts to
just about as much as the bounty. Under the
treaty of 1854, commonly called the reciprocity
treaty, fish of nil kinds are received into this
country from the British provinces free of duty,
and as the people in those provinces do not have to
pay a duty upon the salt they use, they have a
great advantage over ourfishermen. They have
at least the advantage of the duty which our men
have to pay upon the salt used in curing their
fish, and this amounts, I am told, to as much as
the sum which is paid as bounty under the law
as it now stands.
Mr. JOHNSON. About the same.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not think it is fair
for us to make a treaty with England and permit
it to stand, by which we give their people who
are engaged in one particular branch of trade an
advantage over our own people who are engaged
in the same trade; and until that treaty is term-
inated I think it is legitimate and proper that we
should allow these bounties to stand as they have
stood for a long number of years.
I do not agree with the Senator from Ken-
tucky that New England is illiberal to the other
portions of the Union. As the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] said, we of the West
have asked for a great many measures which
have tended directly to the developmentand pros-
perity of the West; and since I nave been here
I have found that, with now and then an excep-
tion, the Representatives and Senators from New
England have been liberal and generous in the
support they have given to those measures, and
there is no earthly reason why they should not,
for their people go as far as the settlements of
this country go. I do not agree with the Senator
from Kentucky in regarding this as a purely sec-
tional question. We arc one country, and when
we foster or sustain the interests of one portion
of the country, we are so intimately connected
together that we can but benefit the interests of
the whole people.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 1], nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. BucknJcw, Conneas, Davh, Grimes,
Hendricks, Nesmith, Powell,Richardson,Saulsbury,Sher-
man, and Trumbull—II.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Boo-
little, Fessjenden, Foot, Fo^tyr, Halo, Howard, llowe, John-
son, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeioy, Ramsey,
Sumner,Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Wil-
ley, and Wilson—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Carlile, Collamor, Cowan,
Harding, Harlan, Hants, Henderson, Hicks, Lane of In-
diana, McDougall, Riddle, fcjprague, and Wnglit—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I have several amendments
to propose to this bill. The first one I shall offer
is to come in as an additional section.
Mr. ANTHONY. Jjufuie the amendment is
read, I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; arid the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, JMay 31, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. II. Changing.
The Joui nal of j esterday was read and approved.
WAGON ROADS IN IDAHO.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the consideration of the bill of tho
House No. 323, reported from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to construct certain wagon
roads iri the Territory of Idaho.
BUSINESS OF THE COMMITTED ON COMMERCE.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to report from the Committee on Com-
merce two orthree bills of a public nature on Sat-
urday next after the morning hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to that
being done after the committees shall have been
called for reports of a private nature.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair would remind the
gentleman that Saturdays have been set apai t by
order of the House for public business.
Mr. HOLMAN. Tiien I have no objection.
No objection being made, the leave wasgrantod.
ENFORCEMENT OF TREATIES.
Mr. WILSON. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I call up the motion to reconsider the vote
by which House bill No. 487, to provide for the
execution of treaties between the United States
and foreign nations, respecting consular jurisdic-
tion over the crews of vessels of such foreign na-
tions in the waters and ports of the United States,
was referred on Monday last to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
1 desire to have that vote reconsidered, and the
bill put upon its passage. I have a communica-
tion from the Secretary of State which explains
the necessity for it. 1 will state that the bill has
been informally before the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and they concur in the recommendation
that it be passed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
