1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBB.
' 38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps..
3,841,549 acres, of which 161,911 acres were sold
for cash, 1,456,514 acres were taken up under the
homestead law, and the residue disposed of under
laws granting lands for military bounties, for rail-
road and other purposes. It also appears that the
sale of the public lands is largely on the increase.
It has long been a cherished opinion of some of
our wisest statesmen that the people of the United
States had a higher and more enduring interest in
the early settlement and substantial cultivation of
the public lauds than in the amount of directrevc-
nue to be derived from the sale of them. This
opinion has had a controlling influence in shaping
legislation upon the subject of our national do-
main. 1 may cite, as evidence of this, the liberal
measures adopted in reference to actual settlers;
the grant to the States of the overflowed lands
within their limits in order to their being reclaimed
and rendered fitforcultivation; the grants to rail-
way companies of alternate sections of land upon
the contemplated lines of theirroads, which, when
completed, wjII so largely multiply the facilities
for reaching our distant possessions. This policy
has received its most signal and beneficent illus-
tration in the recent enactment granting home-
steads to actual settlers. Since the 1st day of
January last, the before-mentioned quantity of
1,456,514 acres of land have been taken up under
its provisions. This factandtheamountofsales
furnish gratifying evidence of increasing settle-
ment upon the public lands, notwithstanding the
great struggle in which the energies of the nation
have been engaged, and which has required so
large a withdrawal of our citizens from their ac-
customed pursuits. I cordially concur in the rec-
ommendation of the Secretary of the Interior, sug-
gesting a modification of the act in favor of those
engaged in the military and naval service of the
United States. I doubt not that Congress will
cheerfully adopt such measures as will, without
essentially changing the genera! features of the
system, secure, to the greatest practicable extent,
its benefits to those who have left their homes in
the defense of the country in this arduous crisis.
I invite your attention to the views of the Sec-
retary as to the propriety of raising, by appro-
priate legislation, a revenue from the mineral lands
of the United States.
The measures provided at your last session for
the removal of certain Indian tribes have been
carried into effect. Sundry treaties have been
negotiated which will, in due time, be submitted
for the constitutional action of the Senate. They
contain stipulations for extinguishing the possess-
ory rights of the Indians to large and valuable
tiacts of land. It is hoped that the effect of these
treaties will result in the establishment of per-
manent friendly relations with such of these tribes
as have been brought into frequent and bloody
collision with our outlying settlements and emi-
grants. Sound policy and our imperative duty
to these wards of the Government demand our
anxious and constant attention to their material
well-being, to their progress in the arts of civili-
zation, and, above all, to that moral training which,
under the blessing of divine Providence, will con-
fer upon them the elevated and sanctifying influ-
ences, the hopes and consolations of the Christian
faith.
I suggested in my last annual message the pro-
priety of remodeling our Indian system. Sub-
sequent events have satisfied me of its necessity.
The details set forth in the report of the Secretary
cvince the urgent need for immediate legislative
action.
I commend the benevolent institutions estab-
lished or patronize'd by the Government in this
District to your generous and fostering care.
The attention of Congress, during the last ses-
sion, was engaged to some extent with a propo-
sition for enlarging the water communication be-
tween the Mississippi river and the northeastern
seaboard, which proposition, however, failed for
the time. Since then, upon a call of the greatest
respectability, a convention has been held at Chi-
cago upon the same subject, a summary of whose
views is contained in a memorial addressed to the
Picsidcnt and Congress, and which I now have
the honor to lay before you. That this interest
is one which, ere long, will force its own way, I
do not entertain a doubt, while it is submitted en-
tirely to your wisdom as to what can be done mow.
Augmented interest is given to this subject by
the actual commencement of the work upon the
Pacific railroad, under auspices so favorable to
rapid progress and completion. The enlarged
navigation becomes a palpable need to the great,
road.
I transmitthesecondannualreportof theCom-
missioner of the Department of Agriculture, ask-
ing your attention to the developments in that
vital interest of the nation.
"When Congress assembled a year ago the war
had already lasted nearly twenty months; and
there had been many conflicts on both land and
sea, with varying results. The rebellion had
been pressed back into reduced limits; yet the
tone of public feeling and opinion, at home and
abroad, was not satisfactory. With other signs,
the popular elections, then just past, indicated
uneasiness among ourselves, while, amid much
that was cold and menacing, the kindest words
coming from Europe were uttered in accents of
pity that we were too blind to sui render a hope-
less cause. Our commerce was suffering greatly
by a few armed vessels built upon and furnished
fioni foreign shores; and we were threatened with
such additions from the same quarter as would
sweep our trade from the sea and raise our block-
ade. We had failed to elicit from European Gov-
ernments anything hopeful upon this subject. The
preliminary emancipation proclamation, issued in
September, was running its assigned period to
the beginning of the new year. A month later
the final proclamation came, including the an-
nouncement that colored men of suitable condition
would be received into the war service. The pol-
icy of emancipation, and of employing black sol-
diers, gave to the future a new aspect, about which
hope and fear and doubt contended in uncertain
conflict. According to our political system, as a
matter of civil administration, the General Gov-
ernment had no lawful power to effect emancipa-
tion in any State; and for a long time it had been
hoped that the rebellion could besuppressed with-
out resorting to it as a military measure. It was
all the while deemed possible that, the necessity
fur it mightcomc, and that, if it should, the crisis
of the contest would then be presented. Itcame,
and, as was anticipated, it was followed by dark
and doubtful days. Eleven months having now
passed, we are permitted to take another review.
The rebel borders are pressed still further back,
and by the complete opening of the Mississippi
the country dominated by the rebellion is divided
into distinct parts, with no practical communica-
tion between them. Tennessee and Arkansas have
been substantially cleaied of insurgent control,
and influential citizens in each, owners of slaves
and advocates of slavery at the beginning of the
rebellion, now declare openly for emancipation in
their respective States. Of those States not in-
cluded in the emancipation proclamation, Mary-
land and Missouri, neither of which three years
ago would tolerate any restraint upon the exten-
sion of slavery into new Territories, only dispute
now as to the best mode of removing it within
their own limits.
Of those who were slaves at the beginning of
the rebellion, full one hundred thousand are now
in the United States military service, about one
half of which number actually bear arms in the
ranks; thus giving the double advantage of taking
so much labor from the insurgentcause,and sup-
plying the places which otherwise must be filled
with so many white men. So far as tested, it is
difficult to say they are not as good soldiers as
any. No servile insurrection, or tendency to
violence or cruelty, lias marked the measures of
emancipation and arming the blacks. These meas-
ures have been much discussed in foreign coun-
tries, and contemporary with such discussion the
tone of public sentiment there is much improved.
At home the same measures have been fully dis-
cussed, supported, criticised, and denounced, and
the annual elections following are highly encour-
aging to those whose official duty it is to bear the
country through this great trial. Thus we have
the new reckoning. The crisis which threatened
to divide the friends of the'Union is past.
Looking now to the present and future, and
with reference to a resumption of the national au-
thority within the States wherein that autnority
has been suspended, I have thought fit to issue a
proclamation, a copy of which is herewith trans-'
mitted. On examination of this proclamation it
will appear, as is believed, that nothingisattempted -
beyond what is amply justified by the Constitu-
tion. True, the form of ari oath is given, but no
man is coerced to take it. The man is o,nly prom-
ised a pardon in case ho voluntarily takes the oath
The Constitution authorizes the Executive t6;
grant or withhold the pardon at his own absolute
discretion; and this includes the power to graut
on terms, as is fully established by judicial and
other authorities.
It is also proffered that if, in any of the States
named, a State government shall be, in the mode
prescribed, set up,such government shall be rec-
ognized and guarantied by the United-States, and
that under it the Siateshall,on the constitutional
conditions, bo protected against invasion and do-
mestic violence. Theconstitutional obligation of
the United States to guaranty to every State in
the Union a republican form of government, and
to protect the State, in the cases stated, is explicit
and full. But why tender the benefits of this-pro-
vision only to a State government set up in this
particular way? This section of the Constitution
contemplates a case wherein the element within
a State favorable to republican government, in the,
Union, may be too feeble for an opposite and hos-
tile element external to or even within the State;
and such are precisely the cases with which we
are now dealing.
An attempt to guaranty and protect a revived
State government, constructed in whole, or in pre-
ponderating part, from the very element against
whose hostility and violence it is to be protected,
is simply absurd. There mustbe atestby which
to separate the opposing elements, so as to build
only from the sound; and that test is a sufficiently
liberal one, which accepts as sound whoever will
make a sworn recantation of his former unsound-
ness.
But if it be proper to require, as a test of ad-
mission to the political body, an oath of allegi-
ance to the Constitution of thetfJnited States, and
to the Union under it, why also to the laws and
proclamations in regard to slavery? Those laws
and proclamations were enacted and put forth for
the purpose of aiding in the suppression of t\e
rebellion. To give them their fullest effect, there
had to be a pledge for their maintenance. In my
judgment they-hnve aided, and w^ll further aid,
the cause for which they were intended. To now
abandon them would be not only to relinquish a
lever of power, but would also be a cruel and an
astounding breach of faith. I may add at this
point, that while I remain in my present position
I shall not attempt to retractor modify the eman-
cipation proclamation; nor shall I return to sla-
very any person who is free by the terms of that
proclamation, or by any of the acts of Congress.
Foj^these and oiher reasons it is thought best that ,
support of these measures shall be included in
the oath; and it is believed the Executive may
lawfully claim it in return for pardon and lesto-
ration of forfeited rights, which he lias clear con-
stitutional power to within 'd altogether, or grant
upon the terms which he shall deem wisest for
the public interest. It should be observed, also,
that this part of the oath is subject to the modi-
fying and abrogating power of legislation and
supreme judicial decision.
The proposed acquiescence of the national
Executive in any reasonable temporary State
arrangement for the freed people is made with the
view of possibly modifying the confusion and
destitution which must, at best, attend all classes
by a total revolution of labor throughout whole
States. It is hoped that the already deeply af-
flicted people in those States may be somewhat
more ready to give up the cause of their affliction,
if, to this extent, this vital matter be left to them-
selves; while no power of the national Executive
to prevent an abuse is abridged by the proposition.
riie suggestion in the proclamation as to main-
taining the political framework of the States on
what is called reconstruction, is made in the hope
that it may do good without danger of harm. It
will save labor, and avoid great confusion.
But why any proclamation now upon this sub-
ject? This question is beset with the conflicting
views that the step might be delayed too long or
be taken too soon. In some States the elements
