1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2607
Mr. WILSON. I now withdraw the motion
to refer the'bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
I hold in my hand the communication from the
Secretary of State, which will explain the neces-
sity for the passage of this bill. I send it to the
Cleik's desk, and ask that it be read.
The Clerk read the communication, as follows:
Department of State,
Washington, May2Q, 1864.
Sir: The eighth article of the consular convention with
France of the 23d of February, 1853, is in the following
words:
" The respective consuls general, consuls, vice consuls,
or consular agents, bhnll have exclusive charge of the in-
terna! oider of the merchant vessels of their nation, and
shall alone take cognizance of differences which may arise,
either at sea or m port, between the captain, officers, and
ciow, without exception, particularly in reference to the
adjustment of wages and the execution of contracts. The
local authorities shall nor on any pretext interfere in these
differences, but shall lend foicible aid to the consuls, when
they may a*k it, to arrest and imprison all persons coni-
poMng the ciew whom th^y niaydeem itnecessary to con-
fine. Those persons shall be arrested at the sole request
of the consuls, addressed in wilting to the local authority,
and supported by an official extract from the register of the
slitp oi the list of the ciew, and shall be held during the
whole time of their stay in the port at the disposal of the
consuls. Their release bhall he gumted at the mere request
of the consuls made in writing. The expenses of the arrest
and detention of tiiose persons shall he paid by the con-
suls."
By the fifteenth article of the treaty with Sardinia of the
26tii of November, 1838, it is stipulated that u the two high
contracting parties reciprocally grant to each other the lib-
erty of having each in the ports and other commercial
places of the other, consuls, vice consuls, and commercial
agents of their own appointment, who bhall enjoy the same
privileges, powers, and exemptions as those oi the most
lavoied nations."
A similar stipulation is contained in most of the other
subsisting commercial treaties between the United .States
and foreign countiies, the effect of which is to make tire
stipulation in the consular convention witli Fiance com-
mon to them all. There i«? no law of the United Stales lor
the purpose of carrying that stipulation into effect, and as
it appears from the note of thu minister of Italy accrodited
to this Government, a translation of which is herewith
communicated, that vessels of his nation, in ports of the
United States, have been put to serious inconvenience in
consequence of having been improperly deprived of the
sei vices of parts of their crews, the expediency of enacting
a general law for the purpose of enabling the Government
faithfully to execute such treaties is submitted to your
consideration.
A draft of a bill is herewith transmitted.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient seivant.
WILLIAM IL SEWARD.
Hon. James F. Wilson, Chairman of (he Committee on
the Jiuhciajy, House oj Representatives.
Mr. WILSON. Unless some member of the
■House desires some further explanation of the
bill, I will move the previous question upon it.
Mr. COX. I will say to the gentleman from
Iowa that this,bill has been referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and that they yester-
day passed upon it and authorized their chairman
to report the bill back to the House. I do not
know how it got to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. WILSON. I have only to say that the
Secretary of State sent that bill to me with the
communication which has just been read, asking
that action be taken upon it. I have followed his
advice, and the Committee on the J udiciary found
no objection to the bill.
Mr. COX. There is no objection to the pas-
sage of the bill. The Committee on Foreign Af-
faiis have examined it and find it correct and
necessary.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON mo.vcd to reconsider the vote
by which the biil was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF MISSOURI TROOPS.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, introduced
a joint resolution amendatoryof anact to provide
for a deficiency in the appropriation for the pay
of officers and men actually employed in the
Western department or the department of Mis-
souri; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
IiAIT,ROAD GRANT TO MICHIGAN.
Mr. UPSON. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table and put on
its passage Senate bill No. 2,50, to amend an act
entitled "'An act making a grant of alternate sec-
tions of the public lands to the State of Michigan,
to aid in the construction of certain railroads in
said State, and for other purposes."
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular order
of business.
WAGON ROADS IN IDAHO.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of a bill (H. R. No.
323) to construct certain wagon roads in the Ter-
ritory of Idaho, reported back from the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals on April 19, and post-
poned for ten days.
The bill was read. It appropriates $240,000,
to be expended, or so much as may be necessary,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, for the location and construction of the fol-
lowing roads in the Territory of Idaho: First.
Beginning atapoint on the prcsentemigrant road
at or near the mouth of Deer creek on the Platte
river, to the mouth of Big Horn river; thence up
the valley of the Yellowstone river to the head
of the Missouri river. Second. From a point on
the western boundary of the State of Minnesota,
on or near the forty-fifth parallel of north lati-
tude, thence west to intersect the first-named road
at the mouth of the Big Horn river. Third. Be-
ginning at the mouth of the Niobrara, on the Mis-
souri river, thence up the valley of the Niobrara
to a proper place of intersection with the first-
named road; provided, the sum appropriated shall
be apportioned to the roads named, as follows: to
the first road the sum of $100,000; to the second-
named road the sum of §100,000; and to the third
road named the sum of $40,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the object be to refer the
bill, I have no objection; otherwise I make the
point of order that the bill, making an appropri-
ation, must be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
The bill was accordingly referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
MISSISSIPPI ItAPIDS.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was a bill (H. R. No. 420) to construct
a canal to improve the upper rapids and lower or
Des Moines rapids of the Mississippi river; which
had been postponed till the 3d of May, the ques-
tion being; on its engrossment.
Mr. WILSON, i move that the bill be further
postponed till the 8th day of June next, after the
morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FKOM THIS SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Founev,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (H. R. No. 120) to rees-
tablish the principal port of entry for the district
of Champlain at Plattsburgh, and for other pur-
poses, with amendments; m which the concur-
rence of the House was lequested.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, bills of the following titles;
An act (H. R. No. 484) to incorporate the
Newsboys' Home; and
An act (H. R. No. 345) for the relief of Fred-
erick A. Beelen, late secretary of legation at Chili.
PACIFIC KA1LROAD.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business in
order was a bill (H. R. No. 190) to amend sec-
tion fourteen of an act entitled "An act to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and
to secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes," ap-
proved July 1, 1862, which had been postponed
till the 5th of May; the question being on its en-
grossment.
The bill was passed over informally.
JfUBLIC BUILDINGS IN TBIlllITOKIES.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business in
order was a bill (H. R. No. 342) making appro-
priation for public buildings in the Territories of
Colorado, Nevada, Dakota, Idaho, Arizona, and
Montana, and for other purposes.
The bill was read. It appropriates $240,000
for the erection of capitol and penitentiary build-
ings in the Territories of Colorado, Nevada, Da-
kota, Idaho. Arizona, and Montana, tu ho ex-
pended in the proportion of $40,000 for each
Territory, and under the direction thereof; and
appropriates the further sum of $7,500 to furnish
the Territories of Idaho, Arizona, and Montana,
each, with a public law library, to be expended
in the proportion of $2,500 for each Territory,
and under the legislative authority thereof, and
appropriates the sum of § to defray the ex- .
penses of taking the census of the Territory of
Idaho.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Mr. Speaker, the Com-
mittee on Territories reported this bill and de-
sires its passage. The committee had some doubt
whether, in the present state of the Treasury, it
was advisable to appropriate this large sum of
money; but in consideration of the fact thatthese
Territories are now supplying the country with
large amounts of the precious metals, estimated
by good judges at $150,000,000 per annum, and
from the necessity of having these Territories
properly organized, the committee deemed it
proper to report this bill to the House, leaving it to
the House to say, under all the circumstanced of
the case, whether itshould be passed at this time.
Unless there be some other disposition of the
bill desired, I will move the previous question on
its passage; but first I move to fill the blank by
inserting $9,500.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order
that this amendmenthas not been before the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that it must be considered there.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I withdraw the amend-
ment. g
Mr. FENTON. I suggest to the gentleman
from Maine to let the bill be postponed till next
December. This is a large appropriation, and
there is no time to give it a proper investigation.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I am perfectly willing
to have it postponed, if such be the desire of the
House.
Mr. FENTON. Then I move to postpone it
till the third Tuesday in December next, after the
morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced the next business
in order to be the call of committees for reports,
beginning with the committee on the bankrupt
law.
REGISTKATION IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged question.
I call up the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution in reference to the char-
ter of the District of Columbia was yesterday-
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. COX. I understood the gentleman from
Massachusetts to agree to have the biil referred.
Mr. DAWES. I did agree to have Preferred;
and it was referred to the committee. 1 ascer-
tained, since the reference, what has led me to
move to reconsider; and these facts I desire to
state to the House that there may be a perfect
understanding.
The nature of the resolution is such that it can
be easily understood even before it is read upon
a simple statement of its contents. As I stated
yesterday, and upon a further examination I find
it to be so, while it does not affect the qualifica-
tion of a single voter in the District of Colum-
bia according to the laws now in force, it simply
provides that where any man otherwise a voter,
according to the laws of the District, failed to
get his name on the registry list six months ago,
he may, upon presenting the proper evidence to
the proper authority heretofore constituted, get
his name registered now and vote.
Now, that is a very simple proposition, a prop-
osition which it seems to me nobody who desires
to secure the elective franchise of every man who
is entitled to vote can object to; and inasmuch as
the charter election in this city comes off on next
Monday it did seem to me, upon examining this
measure and ascertaining the delay which must
necessarily follow by its consideration in the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, that I could
not do my duty better than to move the recon-
sideration which i did last night.
I propose to call up that motion to reconsidcr
now, and to submit a few remarks upon it.^ Then,
if the Home does not concui with me, of coui>:e
