1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
guise it, that the armies of the United States shall
be commanded by a differentperson from the one
who now exercises authority over them; and if
you strike these words out you do not accom-
plish that object. What will the bill amount to
as amended by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs? Simply to confer upon General Grant the
empty honor of being called lieutenant general;
that is all. Sir, I want him when the honors of
the lieutenant generaloy are conferred upon him
to have the power to command the armies of the
United States; and therefore I trust this amend-
ment will not be adopted.
Mr. NESMITH. I differ with the Senator from
Illinois in relation to the construction that he puts
on the amendment which was made in the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I do not apprehend
thatfrt is necessary in a bill creating additional
rank for an Anhy officer to determine m the terms
of that bill what his rights shall be as a command-
ing officer. If-a lieutenant general is appointed
he will be superior in rank to any officcr that we
now have in the United States Army,and in virtue
of that superiority he will be entitled to command
all other officers while in service with them. The
bill which we passed at the last session of Con-
gress providing that the President mi^ht select
any one of two officers of the same grade serving
m the same held or in the same department, and
place him in command of that field or department
without reference to his relative rank with other
officers of the same grade in the service, does not
apply to the lieutenant general, as there is noheu-
tonant general now; and if the rank is created
there can be but one. The plain inference to my
mind is, that if a lieutenant general is created he
is the superior military officer in the Government,
subordinate only to the President of the United
States, who is Commander-in-Chief, and that all
other officeis are subordinate to him. Thei e is no
power by law now to make him subordinate to
any major general, or (o place him under the com-
mand of any other officer.
Now, sir, I am opposed to providing by law
that nny single individual shall be commander of
the ainuesof the United States, for this simple
reason: the contingencies and the incidents which
are always occurring in war sometimes make it
necessaty to have changes. Suppose you pass
this bill with a provision that the lieutenant gen-
eral shall be the commander of the armies oi the
United States. During the recess of Congress a
dozen contingencies might arise which might,
render it necessary thrttsome otherpeison should
have the command of the Army; that this officer .
should he retired from active duty, or at least
deprived of Ins command. I think with all these
contingencies, all these probabilities likely to
arise, that the President should not be deprived
of the discretion of determining in a time of great
public danger when Congiess is not in session
who should exeicise that command. 1 shall vote
for no bill that provides that any particular in-
dividual shall he thu comniandei of the Army of.
the United States for these very reasons.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Sencitorfrom Oregon
will allow me to inquire of him if it would not be
within the power and discretion of the President
at any time to dismiss him if during the recess of
Congress or at any other time he was found not
to be a proper person to command the Army?
Mr. NESM1TH. I apprehend he would have
die power to strike him from the rolls.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is in his discre-
tion.
Air. NESMITH. Admitting that point, cii-
cumstances may arise wherein it would be proper
to deprive him of bis command as commander of
the armies of the United States, and wheie it
would be very improper to strike him from the
rolls and dismiss him from the service. Many
contingencies of that kind may arise.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would not that be en-
tirely within the President's discretion if the bill
passed:
Mr. NESMITIX. It would not.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me answer the question.
Pie might strike him from the rolls, but he could
not remove him as he removed General MoClel-
lan from the command of the army of the Potomac.
If there had been an act of Congress making Gen-
eral McClellan lieutenant general instead of Gen-
eral Grant he would have been lieutenant general
in command of the armies by act of Congress,
and not by the appointment of the President of
the United States. The President can strike him
from the roll, but he cannot detach him, if you
pass this law, from having command of the Army.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ^ do not agree with the
Senator from Iowa or the Senator from Oregon
on that subject. The Commander-in-Chief could
displace him at any time; £f>uld relieve him of his
command and put him on trial befoifc a court-
martial or before a court of inquiry. The fact
that Congress designates this officer as being the
commander is no more of a designation than that
which is made in the law in rcgaid to a brigadier
general or in regard to the Quartermaster General.
Have we not provided by law that there shall be
one Quartermaster General to have charge of the
quartermaster's department? Is it not an occur- :
rence within the knowledge ofusall that the Quar-
termaster General has been sent to remote parts
of the country, and the duties of the office de-
volved upon others? Has it not been so in the
commissary's department? And yet the law reads
thatthere shall be one Quai termuster General, one
person with the lank of general at the head of
that department who is to have charge of that
department. Is there any trouble about it prac-
tically? Will the Senator from Iowa undertake
to say that it is not competent for the President
of the United States in his discretion to relieve
that Quartermaster General?
Mr. GRIMES. There is no analogy between
the cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see why the an-
alogy is not complete. The Quartermaster Gen-
eral has just at? supreme control over the quar-
termaster's department by aetof Congiessasthis
bill proposes to give fo the lieutenant general as
commander of the Army over the Army.
Mr. GRIMES. Show us the law that gives
the Quartermaster General that power.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can refer to the law. I
think it will be found so in reference to scvcial of
the Departments of the Government.
Mr. NESMITH. I will ask the Senator from
Illinois if it is not in the power of the President
to make any major general, to say nothing about
the rank of lieutenant general, commander of the
armies of the United States? If the President
already has that power, where is the necessity of
repeating it in a law of this kind merely establish-
ing the rank' The President already has the
power. General Giant, or any other general who
succeeds in obtaining this rank", by virtue of the
rank will be entitled to exeieise the authoniy,
whether you look fo this law or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. ClahkIm
the chair.) The question is on the adoption of
the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. RICHARDSON called for the yeas and
nays; and they were oidmd.
The Seeietary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. JOHNSON" (when his name was called)
said: Am 1 at liberty to state the reason for my
vote ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can bo done
by unanimous consent. [" No objection !"] The
Chair will bear the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, sharing as I
do in common with every man in the country an
admiiation and giatitude for the services of Major
General Giant, yet. I am by no means certain that
this bill does not go, it the amendment is not
adopted, further than perhaps it is in our power
to go, or, if m our power, fuither than it is expe-
dient to go. Independent of legislation, it has
been a question v/Jiether the Presidi nt could dis-
miss from the service an officer of the Aimy. You
bavc by legislation given him that power. It it
requires legislation to give the power, it is the
function of legislation to take from the Executive
the power. The difficulty that I have is not as
to General Giant, because I hope he may be se- i
lected, and 1 hope he may be put in command of
the Army, but whether you do not take from the
Piesident, if you pass this bill as it stands, a
power which he ought to have, of dismissing any
officer of the Army, particularly in a time like
tins, who shall in the future prove to be unfit for
the particular service. I do not anticipate that
that will be the case with General Grant; but still
it may be. He is but one of ourselves, human,
and he mav be found to err in the future. He may
lose the confidence of the Army, and if he does it
would be very improper that he should continue
in the command of the Army. Now, what'in-
fluences me in the vote which lam about rog'ive, •
and 1 submit it to the Senate, is, that pe'rnaps
without this amendment you take from tiie Presi-
dent the power which I think lie ought to have,
of dismissing whoever he may select, whether.it
be General Grant or anybody else; and I think So
for this reason: assuming the right of Congress
to give the power to dismiss, it necessarily carries
with it the other power, the powerin Congress to
take away the rightto dismiss. The language of
the resolution as it comes from the House of Rep-
resentatives is:
"And tlio President is hereby authorized, whenever he
shall deem it expedient, to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, a commander of the Army to
bo selected Uuiiny war from among those officers in the mil-
itary ^erviee of the United States, not below the .grade of
major general, most distinguished for courage, skill, and
ability; and wiio, being commissioned as lieutenant gen-
eral, shall be authorized, under the direction ot the 'Presi-
dent, to command tiie aunies of the United States."
Now, I should greatly fear whether, if you say
that the lieutenant general who is to be appointee!
is to be by your law authorized to command the
armies of the United States, you give or reserve
to the President authority to take from him the
command merely by the provision that his com-
mand is to be under the direction of the Presi-
dent. To direct a commander and to dismiss a
commander are entirely different things. If, there-
fore, you by legislation say that the lieutenant
general shall command and put no restraint upon
that command except that it is to be,under the
diiectton of the President, 1 submit it is plain that
it will not be in the power of the President to take
from him that command or to interfere wjth it
m any way except to direct the manner in which
the command shall be conducted. Being under
that impression, I am obliged most unwillingly
to vote in favor of this amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURY (when his name was called)
said: As unanimous consent was given to the
Senator from Maryland to make a remark, I pre-
sume the Senate will yield the same privilege to
inc. I decline to vote on this question for this
simple leason that m my capacity as a Senator
1 will have nothing to do with President-making.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call will
proceed. All debale is out of order.
The calling of the roll was then concluded, and
the result announced—yeas 25, nays 15; as fol-
io ws:
YEAH— Messrs. Anthony, Olaik, Collamcr, Cowan,Dur-
on, iVi-i-enden, Fa-tor, (Jinnes-, Umding, liarlan, llarns,
Johnson, Lane ol Indiana, Lane of Kan.-as, Moigan, Mor-
rill, Ni'miuiIi, Powell. Kauwy, ttuldle, Sjnagne, Sumner,
Ten Kvek, Van Winkle, and Wilson—'-25.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Garble, Chandler, Conness,
Doolmle, Hale, iiencliicks, llowaid, Howe, Richardson,
Sherman, Timnbuil, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
linecdeven, after the. word "ability,"to strike out
the following words:
And who, beia^ commissioned as lieutenant general,
shall he aiilliorized, under the direction of tiie President, to
command ilic armies ol the fulled b'jite--; and that wo re-
spectfully iccominend the appointment of Major General U-
S. Giant, uflllmois, for the position of lieutenant general.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it competent to call for
a division of that proposition? It contains two
distinct clauses, lfso I desire a separate vote on
each of those clauses. I desiie to retain the last
clause of the pioposed amendment and to strike
out the first clause.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is compe-
tent for the Senator to call for a division, or to
move an amendment to the committee's amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to raise the ques-
tion duectly, I will move that the amendment of
the committee be so amended as to-strike out the
first clause, retaining the second.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved by
the Senator from Ohio that the amendment of the
committee be so anr'iidi d as to strike out from
the amendment recommended by the committee
the following words:
And who, being eonmiisoioncd as lieutenant general,
,<.h.ill beatlthonzed, under Ihe iliieetion of the President,
to command the. aiimes of the United States. t,
The question will be on striking out these words.
Mr. SHERMAN. My only object! n submit-
ting tins amendment is to retain the compliment
designed by the House of Representatives to Gen-
