•588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
eral Grant. This is really a compliment and
nothing more, sinc$ the Senate have by a decided
vote taken from the rank of lieutenantgeneral the
command which formerly followed that rank in
the case of General Scott and also in the case of
Genial Washington; that is, the command o f the
armies of the United States, under the President.
Ttat seems to hav,e taken out of the bill' all its
vitality except simply the compliment. I wish
to retain in this bill the compliment to General
Grant, which is nothing more nor less than a
recommendation of Congress that General Grant
beappointedto thishi^h position. There is only
one man who has so distinguished himself in the
Army of the United States during this war as to
deserve .this rank, and I wish to designate that
man by an act of Congress, so that it shall be
clearly a compliment tendered to General Grant
personally. { have no doubt that the President
would appoint General Giant if the words weie
omitted, but I wish to make the compliment
marked.
- Mr. NESMITH. If the Senator from Ohio
will allow me I will ask him if he thinks it is com-
petent for Congress to pass an act designating
to the President whom he shall nominate to an
office?
Mr. SHERMAN. I say, emphatically, no;
Congress has no power to appoint any one; but
Congress may lequest, by a vote, the appoint-
ment of a particular person to a particular office.
We may in our individual capacities do so. Now
here we are passing a compliment to General
Grant. There is nothing more nor less in it. You
give him by the bill, as it is now emasculated by
the Committee on Military Affairs,nothing buta
compliment. You give him increased pay, it is
true, but you give him no command, no addi-
tional rank:.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, we do. Is not the
rank of lieutenant general an additional rank?
Mr. SHERMAN. What command does it
carry by law? None whatever.
Mr. GIMMES. It gives him additional pay.
Mr.SHERMAN. Itgives him additional pay,
but no additional rank, no right to command. It
simply confeis on him the title of lieutenant gen-
eral, and nothing more, without any additional
rank.
Mr. NESMITH. I will ask the Senator from
Ohio if General Giant would not be entitled to
command the armies of the United States if the
President appointed him lieutenant general under
this act?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will read it to show pre-
cisely what it is:
That the grade oflieuteaant general be, and the same is
hereby, revived m the Army of the United Suites; and the
President is hereby authorized, whenever he shall deem it
expedient, to appoint, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, a lieutenant general, to be selected fiom
among tho.-e ofheors m the militaty service of the United
Suites, not below the giade of major general, most dibtm-
gitlshcd for courage, bkill, and ability.
This bill does not define his powers or the ex-
tent of hisoommand, or what rights are conferred
by it. Then the next clause of the bill provides:
And who, being commi-iMoned as lieutenant geneial,
shall be authorized, under the dhection of the President,
to command the armies of the United State*.
That is proposed to be stricken out. The first
clause of the House bill gave the rank of lieu-
tenant general; the second clause gave the right
to command the armies of the United States; and
the third was a petition by Congress to the Pres-
ident to appoint a partieular person. The Com-
mittee on Military A flairs of the Senate have
stricken that all out except a mere titular rank of
lieutenant general, without fixing the extent of
that command.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow
me, does not the very designation of the ranlc of
lieutenant general place him above a major gen-
cial, which is the highest rank we have now? If
the lieutenant general and a major geneial should
meet m one command, would not the lieutenant
general besupreme? Suppose wecreate the rank i
of captain; does it not follow that that controls I
the rank of lieutenant? In the same way a lieu- !
tcnantgencralcontrolsthe rank of major general. |
It is a perfectly well understood distinction. j
Mr. SHERMAN. Then what is the object of ;
striking out? Jf the legal effect of making him :
lieutenant general is to give him command of the '
Army, why do you strike out the very words that j
make him the commander of your Army? The
only object, as I understand, of the vote of the Sen-
ate is to take away from him something he would
have had under the Housebili,but which the Mil-
itary Committee for some leasonsdo not propose
to give him; that is, the command of the Army.
If the rank of lieutenant general carries with it
th,e command of the armies of the United States,
why did #ou strike it out by your vote?
Mr. FESSENDEN. As I voted for it I will
answer the Senator.
Mr.SHERMAN. All I desire is information.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For the simple reason
that I do not think it proper to control by act of
Congress the President in his unlimited power
under the Constitution to be Commander-in-Chief
of the Army, to provide by law that another man
shall command the Army in the field.
Mr. WILKINSON. It is to be under his di-
rection.
Mr. SHERMAN. The-words which the Mil-
itary Committee propose to strike out do notlimit
the power of the President.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do. They provide
that the lieutenant general shall command the
Army.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the direction of the
President. The President is still Commander-in-
Chief.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the President could
not take away the command Aom him if it was
deemed necessary, because it is conferred by Con-
gress,
Mr. SHERMAN. If General Grant was ap-
pointed lieutenant general under the act of Con-
gress, he might be assigned to duty in the city of
New York and a major general allowed to com-
mand a paiticular army in the east, and another
in the west, and another in the south. They arc
all ofliceia under the command of the President.
That will be the effect of it if you pass the House
bill in the veiy wouls in which they send it here.
It clearly appears to me to be so. But even if
the view taken by Senators is correct, what ob-
jection can there be to inserting in this law a des-
ignation of the particular officer whom we desire
to compliment and elevate to this rank? The
words I wish to retain arc certainly respectful to
the President:
And that we respectfully recommend the appointment
of Major General 11. S. Grant, ul Illinois, lor the portion
of lieutenant genenil.
Now, sir, I have no doubt General Grant is an
unambitious man. I do not believe he desires this
position of lieutenant general. I know he did not
ask it. I doubt very much whether he desired
it. I have some doubts myself whether we ought
to confer it until the war closes and until the great
hero is designated, if he should be designated in
the progress of the war. I have had some doubts
about voting for the proposition at all, whether
it would not bepropei to postpone it until the end
of the war; but if we do pass a resolution of this
kind, I wish in the resolution to designate the offi-
cer, so that he may have the full force and benefit
of the compliment; that he may have the vote of
both Houses of Congress designating him, as the
whole country has designated him, as the man
who has won the highest honors of this war.
Therefore, if we pass this resolution at all—I shall
vote for it—I think we ought to retain this desig-
nation of Geneial Grant personally, and make
the compliment personal, and not leave it simply
to the designation of the President. It is true he
may overrule the recommendation of Congrovss,
he may refuse'to appoint a lieutenant general at
all, or he may designate any one else in spite of
our recommendation; but I do not suppose he
will do so. The only effect of making this des-
ignation is to add to the value of the compliment.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have the Secre-
tary report the amendment pYoposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out the first clause of the amendment, in the fol-
lowing words: •
And who, being commissioned as lieutenant gcnoial,
shall \>a authorized, under the dnecaon of the Provident,
to command the ;irmie.^ of the United ritatcs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit- i
tee propose to strike out the whole of the last clause I
of the first section; but the Senator from Ohio, in
order to retain a part, proposes to strike out of the
amendment the words which have been read.
Mr. HOWE. TKe amendment would have an
effect directly the contrary to what the Senator
desires, it seems to me. He proposes to strike
out the fiist clause of the amendment proposed,
and that, if the particular amendment carried,
would retain that clause in the bill, and would
strike out the latter clause,which is the very clause
the Senator wishes to retain.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no. If you strike out
the first clause you leave the remaining clause;
and then the vote can be taken on the recommend-
ation of the committee.
Mr. HOWE. Then the proposition is simply
to strike that clause out of the bill, and not to
strike out the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot understand the
Senator precisely. If a majority of the Senate
vote with me m favor of striking out the fiAppor-
tion of the amendment of the committee, as a mat-
ter of course that will be stricken out, leaving
nothing remaining of that portion of the bill ex-
cept the compliment to General Grant, and then
we can vote to retain that.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will understand
me in a moment. The question before the Sen-
ate is on agreeing to the amendment reported by
the committee, which is to strike out these two
clauses.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio to
the amendment of the committee.
Mr. HOWE. That was the question before
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question now before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir, that is the question
now; lam tryingto getatit. The Committee on
Military Affairs reported by way of amendment
a recommendation to stnkeoutthese two clauses.
1 understand that the Senator from Ohio moves
to amend that amendment by striking out from
it the fust clause, winch if H parties will then
leave the amendment of the committee to be to
strike out these words: 4< and that wc respectfully
recommend the appointment of Major General
U. S. Grant, of Illinois, for the position of lieu-
tenant genei al."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to appeal to the
Senator from Ohio to withdraw his amendment.
It places us in a false position to move to strike
out those woids. Let us take the vote directly,
as he first proposed. I do notsuppose we should
hketoiecoid a vote to strike out those words,
though I agree entirely with the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection at all
to take the vote on the whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will relieve it of all
complication.
Mr.SHERMAN. I withdrawmynmendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment being withdrawn, the
question recurs on the amendment proposed by
the committee.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I wish to say
one word upon the amendment proposed by the
committeeas it now stands. I expected, 1 wished,
1 could even have hoped that the Senate would
not concur in the amendment; but by the indica-
tions given by the last vote, 1 suppose 1 must be
prepared to anticipate that the feenate will eon-
cur, and yet I shall regret itextremely. Whether
it was or was not wise to brmgforward this moas-
meatthis time, and to vest m the President of
the United States the power to grant such a com-
mission as is here contemplated, weare notcalled
upon now to discuss or to consider. The meas-
ure is here, and we must act upon it. The propo-
sition would never have been brought fnrwaid, I
take it,'at this time, but for the single fact, to
which none of us can shut our eyes, that there
was just one general in the armies of the United
States who had rendered such distinguished ser-
vices, who had achieved such brilliant deeds,
deeds not merely brilliant, but deeds of such de-
cided and transcendent value to the whole coun-
try, that the eyes af the whole country had been
fixed unalteiably upon the transcendent merits of
that man, and desired to confer upon him some
decided and unmistakable evidence of that pub-
lic appreciation, h is to that cause that is to be
attributed the bringing forward of this measure
at this time.
Does the cause exist? Is there any such gen-
