16S4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
"Who ever heard of a resolution of expulsion or
eensure of him for the utterance of those senti-
ments? These men might have been mistaken.
Time and events have proved that they were cor-
rect, and that they appreciated the magnitude of
the great issue in which their country was in-
volved. But whether they were right or wrong,
whether mistaken or not, the Biitish Parliament
tolerated that difference of opinion and maintained
the freedom of speech. Sir, are we less enlight-
ened to-day, are our people not as intelligent as
the English people were then ? Can they not dis-
criminate between the truth and error? Cannot
they draw the line between-patriotism and trea-
son? „ Can they not rise, as the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Rollins] said, above party poli-
tics and look to the interests of their country?
They caq judge whether a man discussing these
great questions is right or wiong. But, sir,give
him free speech; do not strike him down in the
American Congress; do not strike him down in
this enlightened age, in the middle of this nine-
teenth century, when we boast of our free speech i
and pride ourselves upon our intelligence and dis- 1
criminating justice. "Let the people decide. Let
us go to the people, as the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Smith] proposed. Let the discus-
sion commence heie and let it extend to the peo-
ple.
This great question must be discussed. You
may strike me down for having dared to approach
it upon this floor—you have the power in point
of numbers to do so—but the eyes of the American
people are upon you and will hold you to an ac-
count for having stifled free speech and (he freedom
of debate in the Malls of the American Congress.
The cant about loyalty has served to conceal
your designs and shut out discussion long enough.
The people demand light. They have been pa-
tient, patriotic, and euduiing beyond measure;
they aie stilt so; but they want to know whatthe
final resultof all this sacrifice of men and treasure
is to be, and what form of government they are to
liveunderhereafter. The discussion of theseques-
tiona is more important to them than who shall
be elected President next November.
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. COX. I now renew my motion to lay the
amendment on flic table.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask permission to report
from the Committee of Ways and Means a bill to
provide internal icvenue to support the Govern-
ment, to pay the interest on the public debt, and
for other purposes, with a view to having it
printed and made the special order for Tuesday
next after the morning hour, and from day to day
until disposed of.
• Mr. COX. "We have no objection, ifitcan be
printed in the mean time.
Mr. MORRILL, it will be printed by to-mor-
row night.
Mr. KNAPP. T object to its being made a
special order. [Cries of "Oh no!" from the
Democratic side of the Mouse.]
Mr. JMORRILL. I withdraw the motion to
make it*a special order, and ask merely that the
report be received and bo printed, i will then
ask that it be postponed until Tuesday next.
No objection being made, the bill was read a
first and second time by us title, oidcrcd to be
printed, and its further consideration was post-
poned until Tuesday next, after the morning
hour.
Mr. COX. I now make the motion to lay the
amendment on the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
inform the gentleman from Ohio that theie is no
amendment pending.
Mi. COX. 1 had overlooked the fact that the
Speaker had accepted the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall.J I
move, then, to lay the resolution on the table, and
on that motion I demangLthe yeas and nays.
Mr. ELDRIDQE rwish to say to my friend
from Ohio that it was the understanding upon
this side of the Mouse that if the Speaker desired
to reply to the speech of the member from the
second district of Ohio [Mr. Long] he should
have nn oppoi timity to do so. i hope that op-
portunity will extended to him now.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, experience has
warned me not to osk unanimous consent of the
House- I decline to ask it.
The question was taken en Mr. Cox's motion;
and it was decided in the negative—yeas 70, nays
79; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. AUen, An-
eona, Augustus C. Baldwin, Francis P. Blair, Bliss,
James S. liiovvn, William O. Brown, tJhanler, Claj', Cof-
fioth, Cox, Ciavens, Dawson, Demson, Eden, Eldridge,
t'inck, Ganson,Gnder, Hall, Haiding, Harrington', Benja-
min G. flan lb, Heriick, Uolnian, Hutchins, Philip John-
son, William Johnson, fcalbfleuch, Reman,King, Knapp,
Law, Lazear, Malloiy, Marcy, McDowell, MeKumey,
William H. Miller, James It. Morris, Morrison, Nelson,
Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Pruyn, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, James S. Rol-
lins, Ross, Scott, Stcbbins, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele,Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Voorhees, Ward, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Wmfield, Fernando
Wood, and Yeanian—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman,
Blaine, Boutwell, Boyd, Broomall, Ambrose W. Clark,
Cobb, Cole, Cieswell, Oawe«, Deming, Dngcs, Dumom.
Eekley, F«arn>worih, Garfield, Gooch, Gnnnell, Hiyby,
Hoopoi, llotehkiss, John ii. Hubbard, Jenekes, Julian,
Kn^on, Kelley, Fianeis XV. Kellogg, Oilando Kellogg,
Loan, Longyear, Maivm, MeBiidc, MeUluig, Melndoc,
Samuel F. Millet, MoiulL Daniel Morn% Amos Myers,
Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Perham,
Pike, Ponieiov, Puce, William IL Randall, Alexander II.
lliee, John II. Rict', lOdward IL Rollins*, Behenck, Shan-
non, Sloan, Smith, Smithers, Starr, Steven^, Thayer,
Thomas, Upton, Van Valkenbmch, Elihu 8. Washbmne,
William IL Washburn, Webster, Whaiey, Williams, Wil-
dei, VYil. ou, Windom,and Woodbudge—79.
So the preamble and resolutions were not laid
upon the table.
During the rolbeall,
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, stated that he was
paired off with Mr. Middleton.
Mr. ANCONA stated that his colleague, Mr.
Stiles, was paired off with his other colleague,
Mr. Mooriikad.
The question recurrcd on the adoption of the
resolutions.
Mr. HOLMAN called for a division of the
question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore stated that (he vote
would be taken first upon the first resolution, as
follows:
Iic-.ohcit, That said Ai.i.xander Lo>o,!iUepie?cntativc
liom the mm-oihI <ii-ari<*r of Ohio, be, and lie is hereby, de-
el.ired to be an unworthy nieinbei of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. COX. Is it m order to move to amend the
resolution by censuring the New York Repub-
lican papers that have condemned these proceed-
ings? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. IJOLMAN called for the yeas and nays on
the .first u'solution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas80, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS-— Messts. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, Bail), John I>. Baldwin, Baxter, Bcam.in, Blnine,
Boutwell, Bojd, Bjs)oni:ill, Aminos W. Clark, Cobb, Cole,
Creswell, Dawes, Deming. I)i ig^, Dmnont, Eckley, Farns-
woith, Frank, Garfield, Cooeh, GrinnoH, Iligby, Hooper,
llotehkiss, John II. llubbaid, Jcnckcs, Julian, Ku^son,
Kdley, Fianois W. Kellogjj, Oilando Kelloirg, Loan, Long-
yeai, M.uvin, McHnde, MeClnrg, Melndoe, Samuel F.
Miller, Morrill, l>aiuel Morn?, Amos Mvert-, Leonard My-
ers, Noiton,Chaile.- O'Neill, Oith, Patterson, Peiham, Pike,
Pouierov, Price, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Riee,
John ll.IUeo,F<J\vaid II. Rollins,Sehenck,Shannon,Sloan,
Smith, Smither*, tttarr, Stevens, Thayer,Thomas, Up-on,
Van Valkenburgb, Elihu li. Washbume,William B. Wash-
burn, Welxter. Whaiey, Wilder, Wilson, Wmdom, and
Woodbudge—i?U.
NAY^—Messrs. Jamos C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
con:i.Amrncli^C. Baldwin, Fianeis P.Blair, Bliss-. James
S. Brown", William G. Blown, Chanler, Clay, Coit'ioth, Co\,
Ciaveiw, Dawson, Denton, liden, Uldrid^e, Fmek, G:\n-
sou, Ciulei, Hall, ll:irdin«i, Hamnnton, Benjamin G. Hanis,
ITenjck, flolmnn, Uuteluns, William Johnson, Kalbtleiseh,
Kernan, Kin<r. Kuapp. Law, Lazeai, M.UIoiy, Matcv, Mc-
Dowell, MUvtuney. William II. IVliilei, James R. Moms,
Moni-on. "Nelson/Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton,
Poiry, Piujn, lladlord, Samuel J Randall, Robinson,Itog-
0}-. .f.uijr-? S. KoHim*-. Ross,?eott, Stebbnn, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Strong, Stuart. Sweat, Voorhees,
Ward, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White,
Wiuli< id, Fernando Wood, .and Yeamati—6U,
So the resolution was adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr, W. J. ALLEN asked leave to explain his
vote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
, order.
; Mr. FENTON again stated that he was paired
; off with Mr. Wads worth, otherwise he would
. lmv<v voted ny.
1 Mr. ECKLEV stated that his colleague, Mr.
i Spaloing, was paired off with Mr. Johnson* , of
Pennsylvania.
: The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, inasmuch as
the first resolution is adopted and the second is of
no practical moment, I move that it be laid upon
the table.
Mr. COX. I call for the reading of the second
resolution.
It was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Speaker shall read these resolutions
to the said Alexander Long during the session of the
House,
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to kjjow whether laying this resolution
on the table would carry anything further with it ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion
of the Chair it would not, the fust resolution
having been adopted.
Mr. COLFAX. At the request of several gen-
tlemen around me, I will,if there be no objection,
withdraw the last resolution.
Mr. VOORHEES and others, on the Demo-
cratic side of the House, objected.
Mr. COLFAX. Well,sir, 1 withdraw my re-
quest to withdraw the resolution.
MESSAGE FI10M TIH3 SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate have passed bills of the
House of the following titles:
An act (No. 297) fixing the date of the loss of
the United States brig Bambridge, and for the re-
lief of officers, seamen, and murines of the same,
and for other purposes;
Joint resolution (No. 13) tendeiing the thanks
of Congress to Admiral Poiter;
Joint resolution (No. 21) lelative to (lie ac-
counts of petty officers, seamen, and others, ofthe
crew ofthe United Slates gunboat Cincinnati;
Joint resolution (No. 54) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to sell at public auction lot
No. 13 in the village of Sackett's Harbor, New
York; and
An act (No. 14J) to enable the people of Ne-
braska to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, and for the admission of such State into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
States.
Also, the following, with amendments, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
An act (No. 151) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1865;
An act (No. 206) in addition to an act for the
establishment of certain arsenals;
An act (No. 303) to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish and equalize the grade of line ofK-
cers of United States Navy," approved July 16,
1862; and
An act (No. 370) to appoint certain officers of
the Navy.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
An act (No. 187) to carry into effect a treaty
between the United States and her Britannic Ma-
jesty for the final settlement of the claims of the
Hudson's Bay and Puget Sound Agricultural
Companies; and
Joint resolution (No. 35) to compensate the
sailors on the gunboat Baron de Kalb for loss of
clothing.
Also, that the Senate have agreed to the report
of the committee of confurcnce on the disagree-
ing votes or the two Houses on the bill of the
House (No. 15) to provide a temporary govern-
ment for the territory of Montana.
PROPOSITI} EXPULSION OF A MEMBKU—AGAIN.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
second resolution on the table.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas und nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided ill
the affumative—yeas 71, nays G9; as follows;
YEAS—Mos**!. James U. Allen, WiUuun J. Allen,
Anemia, Uaily, Augus-m* C. Baldwin, J Juno* S.
Blown, William G. itunv.), Chanler, Clay, Cothoih, Cox,
Dawson, I>eiii^on, Kden, EUU idge, Fuiek, Ganson, urniu,
