1863.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38ti-i Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
Towards the accomplishmentof the first object,
the nearestapproach that seems possible has been
made. The earliest negotiations were at the high-
est rates of interest; for it is a distinguishingchar-
acteristic of our financial history in this rebellion
that the public credit, which was at the lowest
ebb in the months which preceded its breaking
out, has steadily improved in the midst of the ter-
rible trials it has brought upon the country. The
first loans were negotiated at seven and thirty
hundredths per cent.; the next at seven; the next
at six; more recently large sums have been ob-
tained at live and four; and the whole of the debt
which is represented by United States notes and
fractional currency bears, of course, no interest.
The interest on the debt which exists in the
form of Treasury notes and certificates of indebt-
edness or of deposits, and is called temporary
debt, is paid in United States notes; while the in-
terest on debt which exists in the form of bonds,
and is (Silled funded debt, is paid in coin—a dis-
crimination which is intended to bring the pay-
ments of coin interest within moderate compass,
and at the same time to offer special inducements
to investments in bonds, in order to avoid a tao
rapid increase of circulating notes, and conse-
quent depreciation.
The average rate of interest on the whole debt,
without regard to the varying margin between
coin and notes, was, on the 1st day of July, 1862,
4.36 per cent.; on the 1st day of January, 1863,
4.02 per cent.; on the 1st day of July, 1863, 3.77
per cent.; and on the 1st day of October, 1863,
3,95 per cent.
It will not escape observation that the average
rate is now increasing; and it is obvious that it
must continue to increase with the increase of the
proportion of the interest-bearing to the non-
interest-bearing debt. And as the amount of the
latter, consisting of United States notes and frac-
tional currency, cannot be materially augmented
without evil consequences of the most serious
charactcr, the rate of interest must increase with
the debt, and approach continually the highest
average. That must be greater or less in propor-
tion to the duration and cost of the war.
The general distribution of the debt into the
hands o'f the greatest possible number of holders
has been the second object of the Secretary in its
creation. This has been accomplished by the uni-
versal diffusion of United States notes and frac-
tional currency, by the distribution of certificates
among great numbers of contract creditors and
temporary depositors, and by arrangements to
popularize the loans by giving to the people
everywhere opportunities to subscribe for boeds.
These subscription arrangements have been es-
pecially useful and successful. They have been
adopted as yet with reference to only two descrip-
tions of bonds—the two commonly known as
seven-thirties and five-twenties; so named, the
first from their rates of interest, and the second
from their periods of payment. The plan of dis-
tributing the seven-thirties was that of employing
a large number of agents in many places, and di-
recting their action from the Department. It
worked well for a time, but was soon fonnd in-
adequate to the financial necessities of the Govern-
ment. For the distribution of the five-twenties,
therefore, a different plan was adopted. After
ascertaining, by inquiry, that they could not be
disposed of to capitalists in amounts sufficient for
prompt payment of the Army and Navy, and for
the satisfaction of the just claims of public cred-
itors generally, withoutserious loss,theSecretary
determined to employ a general agent, under ade-
quate bonds, and confide the whole work of dis-
tribution, except so far as it could be effected by
the Treasurer, Assistant Treasurers, and desig-
nated depositaries, to him and to sub-agents des-
ignated by him and responsible immediately to
lum. Under this plan, and chiefly through the
indefatigable efforts of the general agent and his
sub-agents, five-twenty bonds to the amount of
nearly four hundred million dollars, in denomina-
tions of fifty, one hundred, five hundred, and one
thousand dollars, were distributed throughout the
whole country, not controlled by the rebellion,
and among all classes of our countrymen. The
history of the world may be searched in vain for
a parallel case of popular financial support to a
national Government. The Secretary is unable
to perceive in what better or more effectual mode
the important object of distribution could be ac-
complished, and he proposes no departure from
it, except such as considerations of economy, har-
monized with efficiency, may suggest.
The objectoffuture controllability has also had
a prominent place in the regards of the Secretary.
Under the conditions which existed at the out-
break of the rebellion he acquiesced in the neces-
sity which seemed to dictate the negotiation of
bonds payable after twenty years; but he acqui-
esced with reluctance, and, as soon as permitted
by circumstances, recommended the enactment of
laws authorizing the issue of bonds payable after
shorter periods, as well as the creation of tempo-
rary debtin other forms. In harmony with these
views Congress provided for the issue of the bonds
known as the five-twenties; and also for the issue
of Treasury notes payable three years from date;
for certificates of indebtedness payable in one
year; and for temporary loans by deposits, reim-
bursable after ten days' notice. At the last session
Congress repealed some embarrassing restrictions
of former acts, and authorized the issue of bonds
payable after ten years, and of Treasury notes
payable at pleasure or three years from date.
These Treasury notes were made legal tenders for
face value, or convertible for amount and interest
into United States notes.
The Secretary availed himself of this legisla-
tion by placing with the people as large an amount
as possible of five-twenty bonds, and by using
the other powers so as to put the whole debt, ex-
cept the long loans first negotiated, in such a shape
that prompt advantage can be taken of favorable
circumstances to diminish the burdens it imposes
on industry. Whenever the constitutional su-
premacy of the nation shall be reestablislred over
all its parts, it will be completely within the power
of Congress and the Secretary to fund the whole
or any part of the temporary debt in bonds bear-
ing a very moderate interest, and redeemable at
the pleasure of the Government after very brief
periods, or, perhaps, at any time after their issue.
Nothing further seems desirable on the score of
controllability.
The final object of the Secretary was to cxtract
from the unavoidable evil of debt as much inci-
dental benefit as possible.
To .this end, he desired authority to receive
temporary loans in the form of deposits reim-
bursable after a few days' notice. This measure
was regarded by manj' with something less than
favor at first; but Congress, after full considera-
tion, authorized the receipt of such deposits atan
interest not exceeding five per cent, to the amount
of $25,000,000, then raised the limit to f50,000,000;
and then to $100,000,000; and provided a reserve
of $50,000,000 ofUnited States notes to meet de-
mands for reimbursements beyond other conven-
ient means of satisfaction. Itwas not long before
these deposits reached the highest limit, and, he-
fore the flow could be well checked, somewhat
exceeded it. The utility of the measure was very
conspicuous on the recent occasion of great strin-
gency in New York, when the Secretary was able
to reimburse over fifty millions of these deposits
during the last weeks of the year; by which action,
the pressure was sensibly alleviated, with the use
of only a fifth of the reserve.
In former reports the Secretary has stated his
convictions, and the grounds of them, respecting
the necessity and the utility of putting a large
part of the debt in the form ofUnited States notes,
without interest, and adapted to circulation as
money. These convictions remain unchanged,
and seem now to be shared by the people. For
the first time in our history has a real approach
to a uniform currency been made; and the bene-
fits of it, though still far from the best attainable
condition, are felt by all. The circulation has
been distributed throughout the country, and is
everywhere acceptable. It is a gratification to
know that a tribunal so distinguished by the learn-
ing and virtues of its members as the supreme
court of New York, has given the sanction of its
judgment to the constitutional validity of the
law.
So, too, real and great advantages are derived
from the wide diffusion of the debt among the
people, through business transactionsand through
the exertions of the officers of the Department and
the agents for loans, already noticed. .
It is impossible to estimate the advantages to
national unity and national strength secured by
this distribution. Every holder of a note or bond,
from a five cent fractional note to a five thousand
dollar bond, has a direct interest in the security
of national institutions and in the stability, of na-
tional administration. And it is another and no
small advantage of the distribution that the bur-
dens of debt, always heaviest when loans are held
by a few, and especially by foreigners, diminish
in proportion as the receivers of interest become
identified with the payers of taxes.
Another incidental good growing from the bitter
root of debt, has been fully explained in observa-
tions heretofore submitted on the national bank-
ing system. Except through such a system no
sure way is seen to the complete and permanent
establishment of a uniform currency; and a sys-
tem of national banking, fair to all and secure for
all, can only be safely and firmly established by
making use-of a portion of the national debt as
security for the national currency.
In these several ways may even such great evils
as are brought upon us by rebellion be transmuted,
by a wise alchemy, into various forms of utility.
The Secretary has endeavored to use this alchemy,
with what success the country will judge when
time and trial shall haveapplied to his work their
unfailing tests.
Meantime additional loans are required, and, as
legislation now stands, several modes are open.
The limits of deposits for temporary loan are
fixedat$100,000,000. Theamountofthisdeposit
on the 1st day of December had been reduced to
§45,506,120 01, and payments of $10,000,000 had
been made from the reserve. The additional pay-
ments will be confined within the narrowest pos-
sible limits, and can hardly exceed $25,000,000.
The reflow of deposits has already begun, and
will probably soon exceed reimbursements, and
so arrest payments from the reserve. The whole
reflow beyond the amountof these payments will
be available as partof the additional loan required,
and may be stated, without much risk of mistake,
at $25,000,000. The Secretary perceives no solid
reason for retaining the restriction on loans, in
this form, to $100,000,000. It may,as be thinks,
be usefully removed. As the advantages of these
deposits become better and more generally under-
stood, the loan in this form will doubtless, in the
absence of restriction, be largely increased, and
the possibility of demands for reimbursements,
beyond means to meet them, can be fully pro-
vided for by an increase of the existing propor-
tion between deposits and reserve. Such an ar-
rangement, the Secretaiy inclines to think, would
operate beneficially by increasing the amount of
currency when unusual stringency shall require
increase,and reducing its amountwlien returning
ease shall allow reduction.
Another portion of the additional loan required
may be obtained through the sale of the remainder
of the bonds known as five-twenties. The amount
of these bonds unsubscribed for on the 1st of De-
cember was $101,059,600. It will not be difficult
to dispose of these at par, and it is possible that
a small premium may be obtained on a part.^
In a former report the Secretary placed the limit,
to which the loan in the form of certificates of in-
debtedness could be carried, at $100,000,000.
Experience has shown that it can be carried to
$150,000,000, and that its natural limit is about
that sum. On the 1st of December the amount
of these certificates was $145,720,000. It would
be unsafe, therefore, to rely on any substantial
increase of loan in that form.
The limit prescribed by law to the issue ofUni-
ted States notes has been reached, and the Secre-
tary thinks it clearly inexpedient to increase the
amount. When circulation exceeds the legitimate
requirements for real payments and exchanges, no
addition to its volume will increase its value. On
the contrary, such addition tends inevitably to
depreciation; and depreciation, if add ition be con-
tinued, will find its only practical limit in the utter
worthlessness of the augmented mass.
When Congress authorized the creation of debt,
to a certain extent, in the form of United States
