1834.
'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^611
will give back to thetn in a little while the bread
and meat that they took from their houses and
from their phices of safety to feed Burnside\s
army when he had not a morsel of bread to give
to his soldiers. You remember that when the
siege of Knoxville was made by Longstieet,
Burnside was unable to determine whether he
could hold that place or not. He could not have
held it had not these people given all they had of
meat and food to his army. There are gentle-
men in the city of Washington to-day who will
tell you that the people came on horseback and
in their horse cans and ox carts, and with bas-
kets on their shoulders, and fed the soldiers of
the country while they were defending the city
of Knoxviile and the whole rear of country from
there to the Ohio river.
Sir, the construction of this road is a matter of
justice to the Government, a matter of necessity
to the Army, and a matter of humanity to those
people. Unless this communication is opened,
these people must necessarily leave that country.
When they see that the Government is disposed
to take hold of the matter and build the road and
open this communication, they will stay at their
homes and get along as well as they can until
the road shall be completed.
Those who have observed the country will re-
member that from Knoxville there are roads run-
ning all through the South and connecting with
aU the States, with all the cities of importance,,
and with all the commercial points upon the
coast. They will remember that from Cincin-
nati and Louisville there are roads diverging all
tluough the North, and it only needs this con-
necting link running thiougli the mineral regions
of Kentucky into East Tennessee to have those
two networks of railroads connected. As my
colleague [Mr. Mallory] has said,it will be one
of the strongest bonds of union that can possibly
be brought to bear. In the eastern part of Ken-
tucky alone there is coal enough and lumber
enough and minerals of various descriptions
enough to supply this whole country. There is
coal enough there to supply the world for fifty
years if you should shut up every other known
coal mine on (he face of the earth. There is also
the finest timber in the world there and- the bes.t
pei^le—the most industrious, the stoutest, the
finest, the bravest men, and the Ilealthiest, sweet-
est, and prettiest women. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. With a single explanation
in reply to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Mallory,] who first addressed the House, I shall
then call the previous question. I think the gen-
tleman is mistaken in regard to the power not
having been taken away from the President. The
act of Congress of January 31, 1862, being an act
to authorize the President m cei tain cases to take
possession of railroads and telegraph lines, and
for other purposes, gave him, among other pow-
ers, the power " to extend, repair, and complete
the same in the manner most conducive to the
safety and interest of the Government." The
joint resolution of July 14, J8G2, is brief, and I
will read the whole of it:
"That an act to authorize the President of the United
States, m certain cases, to take possession of railroads and
telegraph linos, and for other purposed, approved January
31, 1862, shall not he .so constiued as to authorize the con-
struction of any railroads of the completion of any-hno of
road tiie gieater p<i11 o( which remained incompleted at the
time of the approval of said act, or to engage in any wonc
of railioad construction; and so much of said act as au
thoiizes the Piesidentol the United States to extend and
complete any railioad, is hereby repealed.
The construction given to that law is that al-
though there need only he fifty miles of a road to
be built to connect it with other roads, it is in
fact the construction of a military road,and that
that is forbidden by the joint resolution of July,
3862. Now, it may be that that is not a right
construction. I think myself, however, that the
power has been taken away from the President;
and because the power has been taken away the
committee propose'to restore the power as to
this particular road, which we think a peculiar
and exceptional case m its merits. If the power
dors now exist, no harm can be done in lecon-
ferring it. If it does not exist, which is the opin-
ion of the President, then we give it to him, so
far as tins one road is concerned, because of its
peculiar merits and the necessity for the con-
struction of this road. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
not move the pievions question at this time.
^r. WILSON. Will the gentleman from Ohio
yield to me for a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the gentleman
yielding the floor unless he yields uncondi-
tionally.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, then, I cannot yield.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the House will not
sustain the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is not in order. He refused to allow the gentle-
man from Ohio to yield the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 call for tellers on second-
ing the previous question.
Telleis weie ordered; and Messrs. Finck and
Anderson were appointed.
The Housedivided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 6G, noes 26.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The joint resolution wasordered to be engrossed
and read a thud time; and beingengrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays
on its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the ainimative—yeas 64, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Ballv, John D.
Baldwin, [Seaman, Blaine, Jacob B. Blair, Boyd, Broom all,
Ambrose W. Clark, llemy Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis,
Dawes, Donnelly, Driggf, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fen-
ton, Fiank, Gailield, Glider, Griswold, Hale, Harding, llig-
by, Iloh'likiss, John II. Uubbaid, Hulburd, Jenckes, Fran-
ci-> W. Keliogz, Oihmdo Kellogg* Kina, Loan, Longyear,
M.UIory, Marvin, McOluig, Samuel F. Miller, Darnel Mor-
ris. Lcon.ud Myers, Chariot O'Neill. Ortb, Paltei&on,. Pen-
dleton, iVrhani. Pike, Ptiee, William II. Randall, Alexan-
dei 11. Rice, Edwaid 11, Rollins,Jaine^S. Rollins,Seheuck,
Shannon, Smith, Stevens, Thajer, Upson, Wadswouh,
Williams, Wildei, Wmdom, and Yeaman—G4.
NAYS — Messrs*. James (J. Allen, Ames, Ancona, Au-
gustus O. Baldwin, Bliss, James S Brown, Chanter, Fiee-
man Clarke, CofTioth, Cole, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Eden,
Edgerton, fildridge, English, Fiuck, Ganson, Gooch, Har-
rington, I-ierriek, Hohnari, Ingersoll, Philip Johnson, Wil-
liam Johnson, Kalhfleisch, Kernun, Kuapp, Law, Lazear,
Le Blond, Marcy, McDowell, Momll, Jame>, It. Morris,
Moiuson, Noble, Odell, Pruyn, Radford. Roger*, Ross, Sco-
lieid, Sloan, Spalding, William G. Steele, Sfiles, Thomas,
Tiaey, Ehhu B. Wavhburne, William B. Wash but , Chilton
A. White, Joseph W. White, Wilson, and Fernando Wood
—56.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HOLMAN stated that Mr. Mhddleton
was paired off with Mr. Boutwell.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move that the request
of the Senate for a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes to the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill be complied with.
The motion was agreed to.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. STEVENS. X call up the motion to re-
consider the vote by which House bill No. 483,
granting lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Lake Superior to Puget sound, was re-
committed to the select committee on the Pacific
railroad; and on that I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
muni question oidered.
Mr. VV ASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for the
yeas and nays on the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. Will it be in order to ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw the
cull for the previous question iif order that I may
ask him to make an explanation to the House ? I
want to know what he desires by his motion.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been already seconded by the House, and the
main question ordeied.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish the vote reconsidered,
and then I will explain.
Mr. MALLORY. The vote on reconsideration
depends very much on what the gentleman's in-
tention is.
The question beifig oti reconsideration,'
The SPEAKER ordered te-tlers; afid appointed
Messrs; Marcy and GrinnelL. -
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 72, noes 22. -
So the vote was reconsidered. -
The question recurred on recommitting the bill
to the select committee on the Pacific railroad.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous! question,
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand-that this is the
same bill that has been already before the-House;
and I raise the point of order that it canftot be
again considered. ♦
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the point of order is erroneous,as the House
has considered this bill, read it the first and sec-
ond time, and recommitted it to the select com-
mittee, and has reconsidered that vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. The reason I make the sug-
gestion is that if the bill has been already-read
,to the House I should not insist on its being read
this time.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 desire to know if it is
the same bill that the House has already acted on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
the question.
The bill was read. *
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question; and 1 also withdraw the
motion to refer to the select committee, and offer
a substitute for the bill. 1 do not intend t,o make
a speech upon it, inasmuch as the bill has been
already fully discussed. I«aimpiy want to ex-
plain the difference between the substitute which
I offer and the original bill. The bill on your
files is, so far as the land grants are concerned,
just the same as the bill which was rejected the
other day, making the chartcr by the Maine
Legislature the charter of the company. That
was objected to by many gentlemen, and the bill
was lost. In order to accommodate those who
objected on that ground, the bill is changed. It
provides fur the opening of books to receive sub-
scriptions for the stock, in the ordinary way, the
same as the Union Pacific railroad. The sub-
stitute gives the precise quantity of land as in the
bill; and therefoie there is no explanation neces-
sary under that head. The difference between
the bill and the substitute is, that the latitude of
forty-four and a half degrees is changed to forty-
fivQ degrees. Tlius the line will not encroach
too closely on the Union Pacific railroad.
There is also on page 14 of the bill as origin-
ally printed an amendment made by striking out
three years as the limit of time for commencing
the road and inserting two years. As this is a
new corporation and the stock is to be.taken dif-
ferently from that provided for*-in the bill before
the House the other day, I think it proper to
change the lime to two years, as soma objection
was made to the length of time then proposed.
I have also provided that the alternate sections
if sold by the Government shall not be sold under
$2 50 an acre. And I have confined the alternate
sections if there be land to betaken up within the
limits of ten miles of the line of the road. The
company are not permitted to go all over the coun-
try to select as 1 see in some of the bills they are
allowed to do. I think it a vicious principle, and
I have therefore confined it to within a limit of
ten miles.
Mr. WILSON. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that these alternate sections are to be
sold by the Government at $2 50 an acre?
Mr. STEVENS, Under the existing law they
would be open to homesteads. 1 provide that if
the Government sells them at all the Government
shall not sell them at less than §2 50 per acre.
Mr. WILSON. There is nothing in the bill
which interferes with the homestead law?
Mr. STEVENS. Nothing; the provision is
merely that if hereafter the Government sees fit
to sell the lands they shall not sell them at less
than $2 50 an acre. There is no money asked,
for from the Government as there was no money
asked for by the Maine law which was before us,
the main difference being that this creates a new
corporation while that granted the privileges con-
ferred to a Maine corporation. Some changes
have been made in the substitute, in the names of
the persons selected as corporators or commis-
sioners, who are to keep the books open until the
whole stock has been subscribed, after which the
stockholders are to elect directors for three years.
