1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Gong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of. Reps.
useful, a provision to be made by law for the de-
posit with national banks, and also with the Treas-
urer and Assistant Treasurers, at such rates of
interest and for such periods of time as the Secre-
tary may prescribe, of moneys paid into or in-
vested under the orders of judicial courts. It is
not impossible that in this way many millions
wouid be placed in the Treasury at moderate rates
of interest.
1!'he Secretary has already referred to the rec-
ommendation of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue in favor of increased duties. He can-
not add anything to the general considerations he
has already urgedinfavorof augmenting revenue
t y these methods. It may be useful, however, to
invite special attention to some considerations
ivhich enforce the recommendation ofadutyof
two and two fifths per ccnt. a year on corporate
note circulation.
The proposition contemplates a duty of one
fifth of one percent, per month on circulation; and
the Secretary suggests, in addition, one twenty-
fifth of one per cent, on deposits in each month,
making twelve twenty-fifths a year. Under the
existing law the duty on circulation is one per
cent, a yearona certain proportion; two percent,
on amounts exceeding that proportion, and one
fourth of one per cent, on deposits. Tiie small
addition proposed will not be regarded as unrea-
sonable or onerous, when it is considered, that all
corporate circulation is in fact a loan by the peo-
ple to the banks without cost, except that of prep-
aration, and without interest, except the duties
imposed on it. The whole question then resolves
itself into this: is the duty proposed, added to the
State taxation, and thecostof preparation, more
than equivalent to a fair interest for the loan? If
not, surely it should be paid without demur as a
reasonable contribution to tiie common welfare.
The duty proposed on deposits is much lighter,
for obvious reasons. Its whole amount is less
than one half of one per cent, per annum; and be-
ing in the nature of a tax on profits, rather than
on property, will distiibute itself among all who
Eartake of the benefits of the deposits, and press
ardly on none.
It is proposed to make the duty payable in small
percentages, because it will be thus distributed
over the business of the year; and because, by
requiring monthly returns of circulation and de-
posits with reference to the duties, information
will be regularly obtained in respect to the amount
of circulation of all descriptions in the whole coun-
try, the publication of which will bean important
benefit to all men of business, as well as a valua-
ble guide to financial legislation and administra-
tion.
Monthly returns are now required of many of
the national banking associations, and should be
required of all; and from them, as well as from
the banks not organized under national legisla-
tion, should be required a fair contribution to the
general burdens of the people. The Secretary
refers to Congress the question, whether the duty
on national currency and the deposits of national
banking associations shall correspond with the du-
ties on other circulation and deposits. He thinks
that for the present, at least, some discrimination
in favor of the national associations may be prop-
erly admitted in consideration of the indispensa-
ble importance of a national currency, not adapted
only, like United States notes, to temporary emer-
gencies, but permanent in its very nature, and
adequate to all demands of business, and capable,
at no distant period, of being made equal to and
convertible into com, and therefore its real repre-
sentative and equivalent.
The operations of the Mint have been of less
importance than usual during the last year.
The amount of coinage was increased over (hat
of last year at San Francisco alone. The value
of the bullion received was $24,8*24,101 3]; in
gold ^23,149,495 41; and in silver $l,f>74,605 90:
from the total of which must be deducted the bars
made at one branch and deposited for coinage at
another, making the actual amount deposited
$23,701,837 31. The coinage of the year
$24,638,477 12; of which $20,695,852 was gold
coin; §1,949,877 90 gold baus; §1,174,092 89 sil-
ver coin; $390,204 42 silver bars; and $478,450
cents. Of this coinage $4,184,497 37 in 49,108,-
402 pieces was <-fFeet«-d at Philadelphia; $18,551,-
59P.68 in 2,872,173 pieces at San Fiancisco; and
$2,137,642 82 in 3,404gold and silver bars at New
York.
The branch mint at Denver has been organized
and put in operation during the year, but its oper-
ations are con£ned, for the present, to melting,
refining, assaying, and stamping bullion.
A report has been made on a site for a mint in
Nevada, and measures will be taken for its estab-
lishment as soon as possible.
The Secretary renews the recommendation of
preceding reports in relation to the universal meas-
ure of commercial values by an international deci-
mal coinage.
The operations of the Treasury proper have
reached unprecedented magnitude. These aie
conducted, under the direction of the Sccietary,
by the Treasurer, the Assistant Treasurers, and
the designated depositaries, by whom moneys
which come into or go out of the national Treas-
ury arc received and disbursed. As receipts and
payments have increased in number and amount,
and assumed new forms, the labors and re-
sponsibilities of these officers have taken vaster
proportions of magnitude and importance. The
general operations of the year are seen in the
statements already made of receipts and expendi-
tures, but no general statement can convey an
adequate idea of their variety, extent, and per-
plexity. The labor and care and anxiety inci-
dent to the borrowing, receiving, and paying of
the sums necessary to meet the debt becoming
due during the year, or, in other words, the mak-
ing and applying of the loans necessary to the
renewing of maturing loans, make little show in
the report, and yet embrace transactions, often
complex and necessarily multitudinous, which
reached, during the year, an aggregate of more
than $181,000,000. The responsibility and labor
of the whole money operations of the Treasury
may be inferred from this statement concerninga
comparatively small part.
The receipts at the office of the Treasurer in
Washington during the last fiscal year were
$1,348,029,543 93, and the disbursements
§1,334,615,375 57. At the office of the Assist-
ant Treasurer in New York the receipts were
$637,051,546 63, and the disbursements
$622,842,627 92. At the office of the Assist-
ant Treasurer in Boston the receipts were
$118,900,000, and the disbursements $115,750,000.
At the office of the Assistant Treasurer in Phila-
delphia the receipts were $113,248,031 27, and the
disbursements $109,733,346 03.
The receipts and disbursements at the offices
of the Assistant Treasurers at San Francisco and
St. Louis, and of the designated depositaries,
especially at Baltimore, Cincinnati, and Louis-
ville, have been large beyond precedent, imposing
labors and responsibilities correspondingly large.
The Secretary cannot express too strongly his
satisfaction with the manner in which these of-
ficers have generally performed their onerous and
multiform duties.
The act of Congress relating to captured and
abandoned property, approved March 12, 1863,
and the proclamation of the President of the 31st
of the same month, devolved upon the Secretary
the duty of regulating commcrcial intercourse in
conformity with the acts of July 13, 1861, and
May 20,1862, and, under license of the President,
between the States declared to be in insurrection
and the other States of the Union; or, to use the
description commonly employed, between the
lebel and the loyal States. This duty has been
found exceedingly arduous and perplexing.
Prior to the act and proclamation of March,
the Secretary had attempted some restrictive reg-
ulations with the view of preventing supplies to
rebels; but the state of the law and the terms of
the original proclamation made it (difficult to act
with much efficiency or usefulness, and the reg-
ulation of the trade was assumed almost exciu- :
sively by the military authorities. Immediately,
however, on I lie publication of the proclamation
of March, the Secretary issued regulations of1
trade, framed on the lest information and with
the best consideration he was capable of giving
them; and earnest and persevering endeavors
were made to bring the whole subject under their
control and under proper supervision. Experi-
ence revealed defects in the regulations, and they
were levised, amended, and republished in Sep-
tember last. :
The subject is too vast and complicated, the
appetite for trade is too eager and exacting, aud
theimpatienccof all restraint, howeversalutary or
necessary, is too great, to allow any hope of ayoid-
ing many and sometimes just complaints. But
the Secretary has kept steadily in view the plain
duty prescribed by the law of preventing any sup-
pliesfrom being carried into districts controlled by
rebels; the equally plain duty of allowing find se-
curing, so f&r as practicable, without intercourse
with rebels, supplies of necessaries to the inhabit-
ants of districts in which the rebellion has been
suppressed; and the clear policy of supporting and
facilitating the efforts of loyal citizens to obtain
wherever obtainable, without going beyond the
lines of national military occupation, cotton, su-
gar, tobacco, tar, rosin, and such other products
of the rebel States, for the benefit of loyal com-
mcrce. To this end he has selected persons of
known intelligence and probity as supervising
special agents, and through them others of like
characters as assistant ana local special agents, to
exercise the necessary powers over intercourse,
and has imposed, with the sanction of the Presi-
dent, and as conditions of license, such fees and
contributions on the trade permitted, as were
thought necessary to defray the cost of super-
vision, and add something to the means for the
prosecution of the war. The agents of all grades
nave generally been diligent and faithful in the dis-
charge of their several duties. Afewof subordi-
nate grade have proved incompetent or unworthy,
and have been dismissed; and the same tneasuie
will be promptly applied to all, of whatever grade,
to whom public duty may require its applica-
tion.
By an order of the Secretary of War, issued on
the last of October last, the care of abandoned
plantations and other real estate has been devolved
upon the supervising agents, who have been in-
structed to accept the charge and use their best
endeavors in its execution. The charge of aban-
doned lands and plantations necessarily carries
with it, to some extent, the charge of freedmen.
The whole charge is at present under military
sanction only; for the acts of Congress concern-
ing abandoned property relate exclusively to per-
sonalty. The order is of too recent date to allow
receipts of reports concerning its practical effects.
It is only very elear thatsome system should be
adopted and steadily pursued which will best serve
the great objects of restoring tranquillity, order,
and prosperity to the States and parts of States
in which the national authority is or may be re-
established, and at the same time securing the
rights and welfare of the loyal and enfranchised
people. To these results the labors of the com-
missioners of direct taxes, as well as judicial ac-.
tion under the acts relating to confiscation, must
largely contribute. Already, under the sales for
direct taxes in South Carolina,considerable prop-
erties divided into small tracts have passed into
loyal possession, and are cultivated successfully
by the labor of frecdmen. In this connection tho
Secretary asks permission to repeat a suggestion
hereto fore made, that the proceeds of cotton, raised
by the freedmen before emancipation, and col-
lected from those properties, should be applied in
some judicious way for the benefit of those who
raised' it. The whole subject will doubtless com-
mand the attentive consideration of Congress.
The important and responsible duty of secur-
ing and keeping, under the direction of the Presi-
dent and War Department, commutation money
from drafted citizens, has been assumed by the
collectors of internal revenue, at the instance of
the Secretary of War. In the judgment of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury this money should be paid
directly into the Treasury, and drawn out upon
requisitions for the purposes to which-it is appro-
priated by Congress. The Secretary of War
thought, however, that the other mode of collec-
tion and disbursements would be less burdensome
to drafted men, ami more convenient for the pay-
ment of substitutes. His wishes were promptly
complied with, and the whole matter is nowsub-
mitted to Congress.
Under a resolution of the Senate, adopted on
the 12th of March last, the Secretary has taken
measures for the preparation of the fullest state-
ment possible, with existing means of informa-
tion,of the foreign and domestic commerceof the
United States, including that of the Pacific coast.
