1864.-
THM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
h&s the names of several gentleman who desire to
speak upon this subject.
Mr. PENDLETON. But probably not to-
night. It was not expected that the subject would
come up at this late hour of the day. I will not
object if the gentleman knows that his friends
want to go on to-night. We do not.
The SPEAKER. It is understood that there is
to be no vote to-night.
Mr. PENDLE TON. What I want to guard
against is this: the gentleman will say to us ^to-
morrow, "You hud all lastevening to discuss this
matter, and nobody was ready." If gentlemen
on the other side wish to discuss this bill to-night
I will not object.
Mr. WILSON. I shall not meet the gentleman
with any such statement to-morrow.
Mr. MALLORY. I derfre the gentleman from
Iowa to state whether he wili or will not press a
vote during the week. I hope he will give us at
least a week to discuss the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I can only say that I shall al-
low a reasonable time. If the discussion can be
closed this week, well; if not it will go over until
next week. I desire to have the bill fairly dis-
cussed, allowing a fair opportunity to that side of
the House for discussion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not hear the gentle-
man's remark, and I desire to ask him a question.
Does the gentleman intend to press this matter to
a vote this week, provided there are gentlemen
tvho still desire to discuss it?
Mr. WILSON. I intend to be reasonable on
the subject. •  
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I understand the gen-
tleman to say he will not press the question to a
Vote this week, provided gentlemen still desire to
discuss it?
Mr. WILSON. I do not say that.
The SPEAKER. Thfc Chair will state that
there are several special orders this week, and the
consideration of the tariff bill was postponed until
one day this week.
Mr. MORRILL. I shall ask the House to con-
sider the tariff bill on Thursday, and to continue
its consideration from day to day until disposed
of. Therefore there will be very little time this
week for a long discussion if the Rouse take up i
that bill; and if the House desires an early ad-
journment, as I think they do, they will have to
nave some evening sessions.
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly.
The motion for an evening session was agreed
to; and it was agreed, by unanimous consent, that
no vote should be taken and no business done
during the evening session.
leave of absence.
Mr. SHANNON asked leave of absence for
ten days for Mr. McBride.
Leave was granted accordingly.
enrolled bills.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 484) to incorporate the
Newsboys' Home;
An act (H. R. No. 345) for the relief of Fied-
erick A. Beelen*, lute secietary of legation to
Chili; and
An act (H. R. No. 381) to amend an act entitled
"An act making a grant of land to the State of
Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in said State," approved
May 15, 1856.
abolition of slavery.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
the questions which now engross so much of the
oublic attention as to the status of thn several
States in rebellion, nnd justwhatdisposition shall
be made of them when finally subdued, are in-
creasing in interest. Upon these points loyal men
are known to differ; hence an examination and
a discussion of them may be profitable. My own
convictions are that much of thedifliculty m this,
as in numerous other instances which have per-
plexed and divided our counsels since the organ- j
, ization of our Government, grows out of an ele- j
merit known to be at war with us avowed purposes, j
If each State in the Union had a republican form j
of government in fact, i apprehend there would >
be no controversy upon this subject. Or, to be
explicit, were there no slavery all difficulty would
vanish.
The truth is, that since the formation of the
Federal Government its legislation has not only
been embarrassed, but at times it has been wholly
impeded by reason of this system. To such an
extent has this influence prevailed that nearly
every interest of the nation has been made to serve
its purposes. And now; when in its death strug-
gles it wields a giant's arm, and is as imperious
as ever, its ruling passion increases as it ap-
proaches its dissolution. It is not surprising,
therefore, that at this eventful period we find con-
flicting opinions. Not a few, I have no doubt,
are influenced by a recollection of an alliance
through which they and their political associates
secured and for years held the ascendency in the
nation.,. They ate in favor of a return of the re-#
volted States to the Union; but they wish them*
to return unshorn of the power through which
they again hope to secure the control of national
affairs. "A fellow feeling makes us wondrous
kind."
Others when they contemplate this matter ad-
vert to the past. They recall the practical work-
ings of slavery, they remember its tyrannical rule,
its unholy aims, and they see its present wickcd
enormities. Such desire a return of those mis-
guided States, but they insist it must be without
this element of inevitable mischief. Hence each
man modifies his views as he is inclined for or
against the institution of slavery. In this I con-
demn the motives of no one. I only recite the
facts, and leave it for others to judge; for every
one knows a sailor at mast-head may perceive an-
approaching sail, while his companions on deck
can see nothing but the distant horizon and the
receding waves. It does not follow that those
of the deck arc deficient in vision, but I appre-
hend it does show he of the mast-head Ifas the ad-
vantage in stand-point. In this way 1 account in
part for the discrepancy of opinions in this Hall
and in the country. For the same reason also
the averments of one man are entitled to more re-
gard than are another's. But while I account for
this conflict of views, I can hardly excuse that
perversity which stubbornly remains on deck and
will neither ascend nor be admonished by those
at the mast-head.
But to the question, what is the status of the
States in rebellion? Are they really in or are
they actually out of the Union ? Paradoxical as
it may seem, 1 hold they are neither, and yet are
they both. Suppose the officers and.crew of any-
Federal vessel should mutiny and run outapirati-
cal flag, would this act absolve the mutineers from
allegiance to the Government? When the mal-
contents are subdued, should they be restored to
command? May they insist upon the control of
the recaptured vessel? By their acts they have
forfeited this privilege, and yet they are amcna<*
ble to the laws. They owe the fealty of a citizen
without a citizen's rights. There can be no ques-
tion as to the status of the vessel. W^y should
there be as to who shall command it? Should
this be done by piratical outlaws, or by men of
unquestioned loyalty? A high way man by trans-
gression does not absolve himself from obedience
to the law he has trampled upon and<tefied. As
far as allegiance, duty, and obligation are con-
cerned his condition is unchanged, but he has no
voice at the ballot-box, he may not hold an office
of trust, nor can he participate as a witness or
juror in any of our courts. He is a felon, he
wears the taint and the disabilities of a felon. No
one complains of this except the transgressor.
• When Cromwell usurped the Government in
Great Britain all kingly rule was suspended. He
attempted to institute a new form of government,
and was temporarily successful. Yet upon the
death of this usurper and the dispersion of his
adherents, the royal family were restored, and
the suspended Government revived. Did the
rulers in this instance ask the consent or seek the
cooperation of those who had aimed to subvert
the Government by force ? Yet they were subjects
of the realm as absolutely as were the adherents
of the Crown. There was no difficulty here; and
why? The English Government was homoge-
neous in all of its parts. It was monarchical, and
whatever was not in harmony with this was
sweptoutof being. The consequences were, re-
cuperation and longevity; the fruit, stability and
pioKpeuty. May we not profit by thu example? i
A Government to be stable must be homogeneous*
"A house divided against itself cannot sgand.'*
Wherein dothe rebellious States differ from the
piratical crew, the outlawed felon, or the English
usurpers? Ambitious men have usurped not de*
stroyed the severalState governments at the South
—they now traitorously hold them and defy-the
Federal authority. These felons maintain their
usurpations bv force, and menace theGoveroraent
with formidable armies. It is proposed to dis-
perse these armies, capture their leaders, amUre-
store order in these unfortunate States. This be-
ing done, what is their position ? May fehfey claim
a restoration to the places and the power they have
forfeited by willful abuse? This isiot the usual
rule, nor is it just. These States, while they may
not claim the prerogatives of loyal constituents of
the Union, yet are they as actually subject to its
dominion and power as if they neverhad rebelled.
I go further; a State can no more secede from the
Union than can the arm from the natural body.
The arm may be severed by force, but irreparable
disaster would follow. A State may be separated
from the body-politic of which it is a membSr by
revolution, but peacefully, rightfully, never. The
efficiencyand completeness of the corporate whole
would be destroyed by the act.
I insist the inhabitants of these States may be
treated in a twofold light. The -Government
against which they have sinned may elect to try
and punish them under the civil law or under the
laws of war. Or it may elcct to punish some
under one and some under the other. The civil
code would be to them what the divine law ispto
rebellious man. By this they are condemned
already. They are adjudged traitors, and they
must meet a traitor's doom. But under the laws
of war, as under the system of grace, there may
be meicy. The former would annihilate them,
the latter extends pardon and forgiveneess upon
repentance and faith evidenced by appropriate
fiuit. Man, by rebellingagainst the government
of God, did not thereby absolve himself from al-
legiance. His dutiesand his obligations remained
the same as before his transgression. The Jews
did not obtain the inheritance by murdering the
heir, but by reason thereof they lost their own
birthright and others supplanted them. '
So it is with the rebels. They owe fealty to
the Union as ever, but being felons they have for-
feited their birthright. Any other rule would be
destructive of government, and place virtue and
vice upon a common level. The safety of soci-
ety, as well as the laws of God, demands this in-
terpretation.
Why, then, do men differ? It is owing to the
stand-point they severally occupy. The look-
outof each is from some point upon his own par-
tisan barge.
It is well known that some four years since the
Democratic fleet, then anchored at Charleston,
through the mutiny of its commanders, if not
hopelessly wrecked, was divided and thoroughly
scattered. Some of this armament, with damaged
timbers and tattered sails, still struggle against
adverse winds, hoping to regain its former su-
premacy. The flag-ship, the most rotten of them,
has been refitted, and is now cruising in our
southern waters with the ensign of treason defi-
antly floating from its mast-head.
Another of these ill-fated vessels, more sound,
yet quite leaky and unsafe, is found in our north-
ern waters, from which the stars and stripes still
float; but its officers, with some noble exceptions,
are ready to compromise with these mutineers
and even to make base submission for the pur-
pose of again reuniting their fortunes and fleet
under its former command.
There is another barge. It is the Union. From
its mast-head and capacious deck its officers and
men have their lookout. It is now recruiting.
New Hampshire, Connecticut, Maryland, and
Rhode Island have recently greeted this n<&ble
vessel and sent such tokens to its patriotic .crew
as will quicken their efforts, cheer their hearts,
and stimulate to deeds which will enable them to
subdue all enemies and again bring back the way-
ward fleet to allegiance and to its ancient moor-
ings.
But I digress. I repeat, why do men differ? I
again answer, it is attributable to the workings
oi slavery. Our State governments are not homo-
geneous. To this fact we may attribute our past
troubles and the present revalt. Were there no
