1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
distinction between what is denominated a crime
and obtaining it simply under what you call or-
dinary false pretenses, or an ordinary fraud or a
cheat.* The distinction is a valid one, and (cer-
tainly I am not mistaken in this) it is very clearly
recognized in all the authorities on that subject.
I believe I can show that where a paper is ob-
tained through crime it has no circulation; it
never is put in circulation legally. But if it is
once obtained without crime, so that it goes into
circulation, then whoever has it is entitled to the
benefit of it. Hence, if this paper was actually
obtained from the Government by forgery or by*
perjury, it never took effect against the Govern-
ment.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the United States can
vacate their warrants which are out in the commu-
nity circulating among the people, and purchased
by them for the purpose of locating land with
them, by saying that the Government was de-
ceived in the manner in which they were procured,
alt the land-warrants are good for nothing, and no.
man can tell whether lie has a warrant with which
he can locate land or not. He may know it has
a genuine seal to it; he may know that it has a
genuinesignature; he may know that it has been
regularly entered and stands on record; but all
that is no security after all; and if at any time,
ten, twenty, thirty years afterwards, the Govern-
ment gets at evidence by which it appears that the
officers were deceived in its issue, it is subject to
be vacated. In this way men's land may be lost
all over the country, and all the lands which have
been located with warrants are, if you please, set
up and drifted to the four winds of heaven, and
no man who has located land with a warrant can
tell whether ho has any title or not. Not only
the men who located land with warrants, but the
men who purchased lands of those who so located
them, are all liable to have their titles vacated.
I do not believe in the soundness of a doctrine
which thus throws open all the titles of the Uni-
ted States which have been obtained by land-war-
rants anywhere and everywhere; nor do I believe
in the policy of it. I understand some gentlemen
to say that such things have been done. I merely
say that when they come before a tribunal of
which I am a member they cannot receive my ap-
probation. [ cannot give my vote to say that the
Government have any such power, or if they have
the power that they have any right to exercise it
in this fraudulent manner upon the community.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 wish to put a question
to my honorable friend from Vermont. Suppose
these land-warrants have never been delivered,
but are stolen out of the safe of the Secretary of
the Interior.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is not an analogous
case.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Whether they are stolen
or obtained by perjury makes no difference, if
they are obtained through a felony. A paper ob-
tained through a felony never has any circula-
tion. Such is the common law, and such is the
decision of the courts of New York and of ail the
courts of all the States that I have ever examined.
They uniformly hold that if an instrument has its
inception in crim* it has no inception whatever.
That is just the distinction. If it once has a valid
inception so that it is valid in the hands of any-
body, then it may be transferred from hand to
hand and whoever has it has the right to avail
himself of it; but the difficulty is, that where it
originates in a crime it takes no legal origin what-
ever, it is no instrument any more than if it were
forged.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member from
Wisconsin is almost so uniformly right that I am
surprised he should have fallen into such a legal
mistake as he has been betrayed into. If I un-
derstand him, he tells us that nothing which gets
into existence fraudulently canatany time there-
after have any legal validity.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not say "fraudu-
lently."
Mr. JOHNSON. " By crime." That is rather
a fraud, I think. Does the honorable member
mean to say that if by misrepresentation or fraud
of any kind, no miUter how gross the fraud may
be, he is induced to issue his note, and that note
payable to order, and that note comes into the
hands of a bona fide holder without notice, he may
not be rompeiled to pay it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do say that if it is ob-
tained from me by a crime amounting at the com-
mon law to fefeny, it never in the eye of the law
has passed from my hands to take validity or effect
in the hands of anybody.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the Senator's notes
will never get into circulation if he is under that
impression, for he would find himself corrected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If obtained by a fraud
less than a felony at the common law, by a mere
cheat, then they do take effect.
Mr. JOHNSON, I suppose if anything in the
world can be clear, it is that whoever issues and
sends into the market a chose in action which may
be purchased, it is not for him to say, as between
himself and the innocent holder of it afterwards,
that he was deceived. It is his business not to
be deceived, and the public have a right to rely
upon the fact that he was not deceived How are
the citizens of the United States to know, when
they are dealing with these warrants, whether
they have been fairly obtained at the Land Office
or not? Whose province is it, by the law, to
know that the person in whose name the land
warrant is issued is not entitled? Is it I who go
into the market, being told by the Government
that if I become the holder of their warrants I can
use them in acquiring title to lands of the Gov-
ernment, or is not the Government? Can they
in a forum of conscience say to me, " We have
been deceived, and because we have been deceived
we claim the right to deceive you; because we
have been defrauded, it justifies us in defrauding
you?"
If it be true that this is but one of many cases,
then I say, with the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, in all such cases the Government could be
forced to do justice if theie was any forum before
whom the Government could be sued, and the
Senate of the United States, which is equally
bound to do justice between the Go\ernmont and
the citizen, is hound to see that justice in such
cases is done. But theeircumsianc.es of this case,
independent of the mere question of law, appeal
to the generosity, to say nothing of the justice of
the Government. This poor man, relying hon-
estly that the officers of the Governmenthad done
their duty in putting this wai rant afloat, pui chased
"it, and after he laid outali his small means he dis-
covers, after getting into the Army and periling
his life in our defense, that he is about to lose the
land which he thought he had honestly bought,
and which he did, as between the Government
and everybody else, honestly buy. is it not,
independent, I say, of all question of mere legal
right, incumbenton the Government to make good
the loss, if then; is to be loss?
Mr. POMEROY. I believe that title to land
located by land warrants is not precisely, even
under the ruling of the Department, what the
Senator from Vermont intimates. The manner
of disposing of land warrants is after this fashion:
the local officer receives the warrant and he issues
simply a certificate of location, and it is sent to
Washington. There the warrant is examined
before the issuing of the patent; and if on the ex-
amination the warrant is found to be fraudulent,
or if the papers upon which the warrant was is-
sued were fraudulent, they do not is«ue the pa-
tent. They cannot go behind a patent issued;
but the location is not patented; the transaction
is not completed until the Department at Wash-
ington has settled the question, and therefore in
this case only a certificate of entry was held by
the soldier, and he made his improvement while
he held simply a certificate of entry. The oper-
ation of the land warrant, the fact of its location
was not fully completed until a decision at Wash-
ington; but when the Governmeut here decided
they decided that it was fraudulent. He never
had any title to the land except the certificate; it
wasonly going through atrial in the Department.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot see how the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Kansas alters
the case. Those persons who make locations
with warrants go into possession, make improve-
ments, sell thcii tights, transfer them.
Mr. POMEROY. They go into possession be-
fore they locate their warrants.
Mr. COLLAMER. They may or may not,
as they please.
Mr.wRlMES. Under the laws of the States
they are authorized to sell.
Mi. COLLAMER. They do sell. It is an
interest capable of being sold, and it is sold every
day. The location which is made, whether they
take possession or not, is transferable in the mar-
ket, and no doubt is transferred daily.
Mr. WILKINSON. The title in the case*vo!
an entry by land warrant is precisely the Satfte
as in the case of an entry with money. Frequently
where the land is entered with money, two, three*
or four years elapse before the patent issues. 1*he
one title stands on the same basis as the other,
Mr. COLLAMER. Whether the land is lo-
cated with a warrant or with money, the party
may transfer his right, and it is done daily.
Mr. WILKINSON. Our people deal with thfi
land after the entry just as they do after the pa-
tent issues.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it that in all the
new States where they have public lands, the man
who enters the land is treated by the State gov-
ernments precisely as if he had a complete title.
I do not see how the United States are going to
get along any better by saying "We will not va-
cate all the lands located with land warrants to
which we have given patents, but we will confine
ourselves not to punishing the man who got the
warrant but to cheating all who bought the war-
rant in the market, all who sold it, until the time
when the patent finally issues; we will have as
large and wide a field as that any way." That
does not help the matter to my sense of justice.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
has expired.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the vote will be taken
on this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no spe-
cial arrangement for to-day,-but the morninghour
has expired.
Mr. SHERMAN. This matter docs notseena
to be very well understood, and I think it had
better go over and come up in the morninghour
to-morrow.
Mr. RAMSEY and Mr. WILKINSON. Oh,
no; let us pass it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this question can be
settled without further debate, I have certainly
no objection; but I gave notice yesterday that I
should ask the Senate to-day to proceed with
some measures from the Committee on Financc.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 hope the Senator from Ohio
will allow us to vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to a
vote being taken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This matter is well un-
derstood now.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill. [Ohl no.] This is a
much more important question than Senators ap-
prehend. It is going to affhc.t hundreds, and I
think thousands of cases. I cannot vote on this
bill myself, because twelve years ago 1 had two
land warrants that I obtained fora valuable con-
sideration. They had been obtained, as ltturned
out, exactly as this one was. I located them upon
lands, and the entry was afterwards set aside. I
was cheated out of the lands and out of the war-
rants. I always thought the Government was
wrong in doing it, but 1 had no method of appeal-
ing to anybody. I could not get any relief; and
now this is going to be a settlement of that ques-
tion in such a way, 1 think, that it will affect the
decision at the Interior Department; therefore I
want to have it settled by a yea and nay vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before a vote is taken,
f think it my duty to state to the Senate one
important fact. The acts of 1847 and of 1855 au-
thoiized the assignment of land warrants accord-
ing to such forms and regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Interior might adopt. The Secretary
of the Interior adopted his forms, and it became a
• usage of the Depaitment to allow the assignments
j of those land warrants to be made in blank, the
name of the assignee was left in blank, and they
j passed from hand to hand like any negotiable ia-
| stiurnentby deliveiy. The instrumentcame into
the hands of this man according to that usage of
the Department, and I think it is as obligatory
upon the Government to respect that instrument
as it is upon tjic party that gives a negotiable in-
strument according to the law-merchant to re-
spect it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say in
