, 592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11.
him for it. I have no doubt hew-ill be placed by II
military law and- usage in the command of the 1
Army of the United States; but i am not willing }
to tie the hands of the President and say he shall
not displace' him the very first moment he finds '
him incompetent to the task imposed upon him.
I am not willing that this discussion shall as-
sume the shape that all those who sustain the re-
port of the committee are necessarily opposed to
General Grant.-. There was no such feeling in
the committee. We wished to compliment Gen-
eral Grant according to the legislative precedents
heretofore established. We wished to compli-
ment General Grant, always reserving our own
proper self-respect and the dignity of the Congress
of the United States.
Mr. NESMfTH. It is perhaps proper that I
should join in the declarations which have been
made by members of the Military Committee in
relation to the feeling of (he committee at the
time this bill was pending before them. There
was no disparaging remark made there toward
General Grant; neither was there any intention
manifested to deprive him of any honor. As I
took the initiative before the committee in suggest-
ing the amendments which have been reported, it
is perhaps proper that i should make this state-
ment. I had no intention to offer any indignity
to General Grant; neither have I any intention of
offering him any now when I advocate the adop-
tion of the amendments proposed by the Military
Committee.
This has been constantly treated as a resolution.
It isa bill; it will be, when passed, an act of Con-
gress; but whether it were a bill or a resolution,
this Congress could do nothing derogating from
the .great attainments of General Grant. Gen-
eral Grant's reputation rests upon something
higher than mere acts of Congress. Congress
can neither confer honor upon him nor-dejrrive
him of honor by the mere passage of acts here.
His own acts have been such us to commend
themselves to the country, and I have no doubt
that if we pass this act with the amendments of
the Military Committee the President will recog-
nize what is the universal expiession of the coun-
try and appoint lnm to the office. But while 1 so
believe, and whiie as an individual 1 would Lo-day
sign a petition to the Piesident to appoint Gen-
eral Grant lieutenant general, f would not in my
capacity as legislator incorporate that recomend-
ation in a bill when we are only a cooidmate
branch of the Government. Every bill requires
the sanction of the President of the United States.
Now, suppose the President of the United States
should be impressed with the propriety of cre-
ating the rank of lieutenant general, and at the
same time should be impressed with what I con-
ceive would be equally a matter of propriety, that
the Congiess of the United Suites had nought to
encroach on his executive authority by desig-
nating* in a bill the poison whom lie should nom-
inate to fill that office, would it not be clearly his
duty (while ho was in favor of creating the rank)
to veto the hill as an encroachment upon executive
power?
I appreciate the sei vices of Genera! Grant; lam
anxious for the passage of the bill, and I am anx-
ious that General Grant shall have the appoint-
ment. There is no honor that I would not e.onfet
upon him, as I expect myself to vote for him for
President of the United States; and being willing
to cast a vote of that kind I should not he willing
to do anything here to-day wlueh tended to de-
grade him. This talk about degradation is mere
talk; there is no point m it. The facts are, as has
been ably demonstiated by the Senator from In-
diana, that other officers who have been appointed
under previous acts or resolutions of Congress
were not designated in those acts or le.soluiiona,
and it was not eousideied as derogating anything
fiom their character or their reputation, because
there was no such intention.
We pledge ourselves by the passage of this hill
to the confirmation of a man in advance of his
nomination. Suppose that between the time of
the passage of this bill and the time when it re-
ceives the executive sanction, or before the nom-
ination is sent to the Senate,General Grant should
do something which rendered it clearly proper
that he should not be confirmed, we shall have
placed omselves in the position of having de-
termined in advance that lie should be appointed,
and then in the end be compelled to turn around
and vote against his confirmation. There is an-
other constdeiation. General Grant is a man oc-
cupying a very distinguished position in this
country. If he is appointed his nomination is to
come before the Senate in executive session. You
now thrust him before the Senate in open session.
Suppose that some gentleman here—which I do
notapprehend is the fact—-should entertain objec-
tions to General Grant's appointment, it would
scarcely be proper in open session in advance of
his nomination to discuss thatquestion. 1 say no
Senator would like under the circumstances to
discuss openly a question around which is thrown
all the sacredncss of secrecy, and matters which
every Senator has a right to divulge in secret ses-
sion there would be an impropriety in his allud-
ing to or discussing in open session.
As I stated before, Mr. President, I have no
desire to detain the Senate on this question. I
shall votcforthe bill establishing the rank of lieu-
tenant general, but I shall not vote for any bill
which makes him permanently commander of the
Army; neither will I vote for any bill designating
the peison who is to fill that high place.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I have list-
ened to this debate with great interest, and as far
as I can understand the viewsof Senators allagree
in the purpose and objectof this legislation. All
agree that there ought to be a lieutenant general
with the grade, the rank, and the power of a lieu-
tenant general, and all agree that General Grant
is the man for the place.
Now, Mr. President, all the question that arises
is the question of arriving at this result. For
myself, I am very frank to say that I would not
vote for a bill creating the rank of lieutenantgen-
eral now were it not for the express purpose of con-
feriing that grade upon General Grant. I would
not create such nil office now but for the purpose
of putting General Giant into it. The question,
therefore, arises whether, because in the act cre-
ating the offiee Congress chooses to express its
opinion upon the fitness of General Grantforthe
office which it creates there is anything improper,
anything disrespectful to the President, or any-
thing undignified so far as we ourselves are con-
cerned ?
I do not see it in the light in which some Sen-
ators sec it, or i should doubtless vote as I sup-
pose they will vote on this question. I do not
believe that it is unconstitutional for us to express
our opinion upon a military officer, and to say in
the exptession of that opinion that we behe\ e he
is the officer who should be appointed to fill a
rank which we ourselves are about to create.
There is nothing in the language which is disre-
spectful to the President. It is barely the ex-
pression of opinion on the part of Congress, and
the very terms are used, " wo respectfully recom-
mend the appointment of Major General U. S
Grant,of Illinois, for the position" which we now
create.
Nor do I look upon it in the light that some
gentlemen do, that we as Senators are acting an
undignified part ingiving ouradvice, if you please,
in advance to an appointment. The Senate of the
United States under the Constitution is to advise
and consent to every appointment; and what, is
them improper that the Senate of the United
States as a body should express an opinion to the
Piesident, and say to lnm that in their judgment
sueh a pt'i&on would he a propel person to fill a
given office? If we express that opinion it would
be nothmgmore than the Constitution authorizes
us to do. Besides, so far fiom this being ex-
pressed with any feeling of opposition to the
Piesident or to the power of the President, I be-
lieve on the contrary it is in fact and would be
received in no such sense whatever. I believe it
would be a relief to the President to know the
opinion of Congress on a matter so impoitant as
this. What subject, I ask, has there been on
whieh there has been so much denunciation of the
President as the veiy question of the men he has
made in fact commanders of ouratmies. When
McCleilan was called here and made the General-
in-Chief of the armies under the President, and
now that General Halleck is retained here as
General-in-Chief of the armies, what subject is
there upon which the Piesidenthas been, through
' the country, more endowed, more denounced, if
j you please, by certain parties than on thatsuh-
J ject, and what subject is there upon which the
I President would he more desirous of having the
united expression of both Houses of Congress
than on this most important of all questions, who
shall command the armies of the United States?
I do not believe it is undignified. I do not be-
lieve it is unfriendly toward the President, nor
do I believe that it would be accepted in any un-
friendly sense. It is no encroachment, it seems
to me, and no want of dignity on our part to ex-
press frankly in the law itself what we all here
express on thefioor of the Senate.
Mr. President, my honorable friend from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Trumbull,] it seems to me, has de-
monstrated, and I have as yet heard no answer to
his demonstration, that if the words of this bill
arc not identical with those of the act of 1798, the
powers conferred by that act were the same as
are contained in the clause now proposed to be
stricken out by the amendment of the Military
Committee. By the act of 1798 it was declared
by law that the lieutenant general should be the
commander of the Army, and may be authotized
to command all the forces now raised and here-
after to be raised. The language of thisprovision
sought to be stricken out is that " he shall be au-
thorized." But that word is qualified ii under the
direction of the President." The old act was " he
may beauthorized." By whom and under whose
direction but under the direction of the President?
So it comes to precisely the same thing when you
critically look into the language of the act of 1798
and the language contained in this bill as it came
from the House of Representatives. He shall
command " under the direction of the President."
That is precisely what we want, and I, for one,
am willing to take the responsibility of saying so.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Senator will par-
don me one moment. That law did not recom-
mend anybody for command.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That I acknowledge.
There is nothing contained m that act recommend-
ing any particular individual. In this act us it
came from the House of Representatives there is
a recommendation of Geneial Grant, and 1 do not
think it is unconstitutional for Congress to ex-
press its opinion in this way. I do not think it
would be regarded as unfriendly to the Piesident,
nor do I think that it could by any possibility be
accepted by him as unfriendly to him, for the
power would certainly remmn in him to makethe
appointment, and when he is appointed the Presi-
dent commands him. He must command "under
the direction of the President," and the President
can command him in every act, in every military
proceeding, in every step he takes. He is still
under the command of the Piesident. 1 do not
understand this act to clothe him with power
above the President, that is, to make him a dic-
tator and commander above the President, above
the Constitution, but a commander under the Con-
stitution and under the direction of the President.
I, for one, feel satisfied that we shall not make
a mistake if we say that we create the offici^f
lieutenant geneial, and that General Grant is the
man to fill it. Foi two years in succession he has
done nothing but win victory—from the capture
of Fort Donelson, at Grand Gulf, on Black river,
at Jackson, around Vn;kshui£, and last and not
least, at the last battles of Chattanooga, wheie he
secured, in my opinion, foiever within our mil-
l: itary possession Eastern Tennessee. He has
i! gained and earned by two years of continual suc-
cess this rank and grade, and he is the man whom
the war has demonstrated to be the proper man,
and which all concede has demonstrated to be the
proper man to be next to the President and under
the President, the commauder-in-chicf of our ar-
mies. a friend says, he has won seventeen
battles, he has captured one hundred thousand
piisoners, he has taken five bundled pieces of ar-
tillery, and innumerable thousands of small-arms
on all these fields. He has organized victory from
the beginning, and 1 want him in a position where
he can organize final victory and bring it to our
armies and put an end to this lebellion. I have
nothing to do, Mr. Piesident, with the political
question which seems to be raised here by our
friends Saulsbury fiom Delaware, and Nesmith
from Oregon. They seem to give out some inti-
mations that this question has something to do
with the Piesidency 
Mr. NESMITH. I did not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
recollect that it is not in order to refer to a Senator
by name.
