-mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15;.
reply to my friend from Iowa, that if any number
of cases precisely like this can be presented, I
shall vote for them; not alone on the mere ques-
tion of assignment, but upon the other circum-
stances connected with the case, the man being a
soldier, and the particular condition in which he
has been placed.
Mr. RAMSEY. This man is a soldier with
a large family, and very poor. He expended
$1,200 for the improvement of this property.
After five years, he is informed that his warrant
is void, and he is required to give up the land or
pay for it again. In his desperation, he enters
the Army, but he finds he can mukc no advance
there toward accumulating the money to buy a
new warrant, as he gets but thirteen dollars a
month, and his family at home are entirely de-
pendent upon their neighbors. I trust that the
Senate will sustain the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 36, nays 2; as follows:
YEA6—Messrs. Brown, Clwndler, Clark, Collaracr,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Fes^euden, Foster, Halo, Harding,
Harils, Henderson, flendiicks, Howard, Ilowe, Johnson,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nes-
nuth, Pmncroy, Powell, Uamsey, SaHlabury, Sherman,
Spragiic, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, YVilIcinvm, Willey, and Wilson—3G.
NAVS—Messrs. Doolmle and Harlan—2.
So the bill was passed.
I,AMD GRANT TO WISCONSIN ItAlLKOADS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to call up a bill
which will lead to no discussion whatever. It
will not take over five minutes, or ten minutes
at the outside, to pass it. If there is any discus-
sion upon it I will gTvc way at once, but I believe
there will be no discussion whatever. The rea-
son why I ask that it be called up now is that
the honorable Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Har-
lan,] the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lancia, havingchargc of the bill, I understand,is
under the absolute necessity of leaving the Sen-
ate for some days. I hope, therefore, the Senate
will allow me to take up the bill. It is Senate
bill No. 160.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is deemed of great im-
portance for the Senate to pass to-day the bill I
reported yesterday; but upon the statement made
by the Senator from Wisconsin that the bill to
which he alludes will not give rise to debate,and
if it does give rise to debate or objection he will
allow it to pass over, and allow the bill I have
charge of to bo taken up, I shall make no objec-
tion to his motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider fhe bill (S. No. 160) to grant aid for (he
construction of certain railroads in "Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands reported the bill with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute. I suggest, therefore,
that the Secretary omit reading the bill and read
only the substitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be pursued, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to strike out all of the
original bill after the enacting clause, and to in-
sert the following in lieu thereof:
That there be, and is hereby, granted to the St. Croix
and Lake Superior Itatlrimd Company, in the State of Wis-
consin, Tor the purpose of aiding in"the construction of a
railroad fiomapomt on the at. Oioix river or lake,between > |
townships twenty-five and thirty-one, to tin' \v«s t end of 'a
Lake Superior, and to ftav field, every alternate section of J
laud designated by odd numbers, for ten sections in width !i
on each side of said loads, deducting any and all lands that
may have been granted u> the State of Wisconsin foi the
game purpose by the act of Congress of June 3, 183G, upon
the same terms and conditions as are contained in ttie act
granting lands to the State of Wisconsin to aid in the con-
struction of railroad* in fcaid State, approved June U, 1836.
But in case it shall appear that the United States have,
when the lines or joutes ot said roads are definitely fixed,
sold any sections or parts thereof. granted as afoiesaid, oi
that the right of pieemption oi homestead has attached to
the same, then it shall l>e lawful for any agent or agents, to
he appointed by i-aid eompany, to led, Mtbject to the ap-
proval of the Secretary ot the Intel tor, trotn the lands of
the United Stales nearest to the tier of sections above ^pe- 1
cified, as much land in alternate sections, or parts of m c- \
tioiu-, a* shall be equal to such lands as the United States ,
have hold or flthenvise appropi iated, or to which the right j
of preemption or homestead has attached as aforesaid, which
lands (thu^ selected in lieu ot tho>e -.old, and to which ]
preemption or homestead light has attaeb'id as atoresaid, i
together with sections and pails ot sections duMgnntud by |
odd numbers as aforesaid, and appiopi mted n  aimcs«ud) ,
sttMi be held by taid railroad company lor the use and pur- :
post; aforesaid: Piovitlcd, That the lands to bo so located
shall in no rase be further than twcnty^ples from the line
of the said loads, nor shall such selection or location be
made m lieu of lauds received under (he &aid grant of June
3, 1856, but fiucn selection and location may be made tor
the benefit of 'said company,and for the purpose afore.-aid,
to supply any deficiency under the said grant of June 3,1856,
should any such deficiency exist.
Sec. 2. be<tfurther enacted, That there be, and is
hereby,granted to the Tomah and Lake Saint Cioix Rail-
road Company, of tin; State of Wisconsin, for the puipose
of aiding in the conviction of a railroad from the town
of Tomah, in the county of Monroe, in said State, to the
Saint Croix river or lake, between townships twenty-five
and thirty-one, every alternate section of land designated
by odd numbers for ten sections in width on each side of
said roads, deducting any and all lands that may have been
granted to the State of Wisconsin for the same purpose,
by the act of Congress granting lauds to said State to aid
in the construction of certain railroads, approved June 3,
1836, upon the same terms and conditions as are contained
in the said act of June 3, 1856. But in case it shall ap-
pear that the United States have, when the line or route of
said load is definitely fixed,sold any sections, or parts of
sections, granted as afoie&aid, or that the right of pre-
emption or homestead has attached to the same, then it
shall be lawful for any agent or agents to be appointed by
said laihoad company to select, subject to the approval of
the Secretary of the Interior, fioni the land* of the United
States nearest to the tier of sections above specified, as
much laud, in alternate sections or paits of sections, as
shall be equal to such lands as the United States have
sold, or otherwise appiopnsned, or to which the light of
preemption or homestead has attached,as aforesaid, which
laiuK (thu-> selected in lieu ot those sold, and to which
preemption oi homestead right has attached as aforesaid,
together with sections and parts of sections, designated by
odd numbers a« aforesaid, and appropriated as aloiesaid)
shall be held by said laihoud company for the use and pur-
pose aforesaid : Provided, That the lauds to be so located
shall in no case be luilher than twenty miles 1'iom the line
of the said vond, nor shall such selection or location be
made in lieu of lands received under the said grant of June
3, 1856, but such selections and locations maybe made for
the benefit of said company,and for the puipose afoiesaid,
to supply any deficiency undei the said giant of June 3,
1856, should any such deficiency eYi-vt.
Sec. 3. tdixd (>c it further enacted, That theic be, and is
hereby, giantod to the Stale ot Wisconsin, for the puipose
of aiding in the construction of a raihoad from Berlin, on
the Fov river, in a northwestern direction, to Ba>fieId,on
Lake Supeitor, every alternate section of land, designated
by odd nuinbeis, for ten sections m width on each Mde of
said lond, upou the same irrms and conditions as are con-
tamed in the act granting land-> to said State to aid in the
construction of raihoads in said Stare, appiovcd June 3,
1656. 15ut in c.w it shall appear that th<> United Slates
have, when the line ot route of said road is definitely
fixed, sold any sections or pails iheieof, gianted as afore-
said, or that the light ol' preemption oi homestead has at-
tached to the same, that it shall be lawful for any agent or
agents of said State, appointed by the Governor thereof, to
belect, subject to the approval ot Hie Secieiary of the In-
terior, from the hinds of the United States nearest to the
tier of "sections above specified, as much land in alternate
sections, or parts of sections, as shall be equal to such
lands as the United States have sold ot otbciwise appio-
priated, or to which the light of pieempUon or homestead
ha* atiachcd as aforesaid, which lands (thus .selected in
lieu of tho e sold and to which the iniht of preemption or
homestead ha1-.attached as nlorei-nid, together wnh sections
and parts of -sections designated bj odd numbers as afore
said, and apptopuatcd a^ afoiesaid) shall be held by said
State, or by the company to which she may ttansfur the
same, for the use and purpose afoiej-aid. Piovidcdt That
the lands to be so located shall in no ca e be luither than
twenty miles fiom the lineofsaul load.
See. 4 Jlndhc itfuilliercjiactcd, That tho sections and
parts of sections of lands whichshall remain to the United
States within ten miles on each side of said roads shall not
be sold lor less than double the minimum price of the
public lands when sold; nor shall any of the said reserved
lands become subject to private entry until the same have
been first offered at public sale at the increased price.
Sec. 5. *dnd he it fwither cnacted> Thar the time fixed
and ltmitfid for the completion of said roads m the act
afoiesaid of June 3, 1856, be. and the same is hereby, ex-
tended to apenod of five years from and after the passage
of thh act.
Sko. 6. ~lnd he it fuithcr enacted^ That any and all lands
leseived to the United States by any act of Congress 101 the
purpose of aiding in any object ol internal impioveniont,
or in any manner for any puipose whatsoever, be, and the
same are hereby, leseived and excluded lrom the opeiation
ot this aet, except so fat as it may be found neee^ary to
locate the route of Mich i-tihoads thiough such le^eivel
lands, in which ease the right of way oni.\ shall be granted,
subject to the appioval of the i'i evident ot ihe I hated Mates.
Sec. '<•  1nd he it j'utlhcr cnadc,!, That whenever the
companies to which tins grant is made, or to which the
same may he tiansfcrred, shall have completed twenty
consecutive miles of any portion of --aid i.uiioad, supplied
with all neeessaiy drains, culverts, viaducts, erodings,
tidings, bridges, turn-outs, watering places, depot--, equip
ments, fuinitme, and all other .ippiutcnaiK -s of a Out-
class laihoad, patent* shall isMio convening the nuht and
title to boid lauds to the said company entitled thereto,
on each side ol the road, as far as the same is completed,
and contemn nous with said completed -cciion. not exceed-
ing tho amount aforesaid, and patents shall in like manner
is„ue as each twenty mile* ot saui load is completed: JPio-
vidctU houevei, That no patent- -hah i-sue lor any of «md
lands unless there shall be p:i-euted to the Secietaryof
the Jutuuoi a -tau'tnent, vciified on oath oi afiiriuaUon by
the president ot said company, and ceitiiied by the Gov-
ernor of the State ol Wisconsin, th.it .-uch twenty miles
have been completed in the manner icquiied by this act,
and setting torth with coitamty the points where such
twenty miles begin and where the same end; which oath
shall be taken before a judge ol a court of record of the
United States.
Sec. 8. Jind he it further enactcd, That the said lands
hereby gianted shall be subject to the disposal of tfie com-
panies respectively entitled thereto, for the purposes,.afore-
said. and no otlier, and the said lailioads be and shall re-
main a public highway for the u«-e of the Government of
the United States, free from all toll or other charge, for the
transportation of any piopcrty oi troops of the United States.
Sec. 9. Jlnd he if further enacted, That if said road men-
tioned m the third section aforesaid is not completed
within ten years from the time of the p issage of this act,
as provided herein, no further patents frhnll hi? Issued to
said company for said lands, and no further safe shall be
. made, and the lands unsold shall revert to the United
States.
Mr. HARLAN. I have several amendments
that are merely verbal to offer to the amendment
reported from the committer. In the first section
of the amendments line nine, before the word
'J land" I move to msert (he word "public;" in
line eighteen, after after the word " sold" I move
to insert the words "reserved or otherwise dis-
posed of;" in line twenty-three, before the word
lands," I move to insert the word "public."
The amendments to the amendment were agreed
to.
Mr. HARLAN. In section two, line seven,
before the word " land" 1 move to insert the word
" public;" in line ei^ht strike the letter " s"from
the word "roads," so as to make it "road;"
in line sixteen,after the word ** sold" insert" re-
served or otherwise disposed of;" in line twenty-
one, before the word "lauds," insert the woid
" public."
The amendments to the amendment were agreed
to.
Mr. HARLAN. In section three of the amend-
ment, line five, before the word " land" I move
to inseit the word " public;" in hue twelve, after
the word " sold," to insert the words " reserved
or otherwise disposed of;" in line eighteen, he-
fore the word c< land," insert the word "public."
The amendments to the amendment were agreed
to.
Mr. HARLAN. In section eight of the amend-
ment, line twelve, after the word "shall," 1 move,
to insert tho words, "when patenied as piovided
in section seven of this act;" so that it will read:
That the «?a d lands hereby granted shall, when patented
as provided in section seven of this aet, be subject to the
disposal of the companies respectively entitled thereto, &c.
Mr. HENDRlCKiS. I doubt whether that
amendment ought to be made. 1 do not think
patents issue in these cases. I think the title
goes by certificates from the General Land Oifice.
Mr. HARLAN. But the seventh section of
the substitute as drawn provides that patents shall
issue as the roads shall be completed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then that isachaiigeof
policy.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, vsir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well; I shall not
object.
'I'he amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. At the suggestion of
some Senators, J propose to amend the third sec-
tion by inserting after the word " Bayfield," in
the fourth line, the words,"and thence to Supe-
rior."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask what is the
effect of that amendment. 1 do not understand
it. Does it add to tho length?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes,sir; thatwiUudd,I
should think, about eighty or ninety miles.
Mi. FESSENDEN. With the same privileges
of land, I suppose?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Ken-
tucky suggests that it is not quite so much. I
am not certain as to the length that will be added
by this amendment.
Mr. POWELL, i am not positive as to the
length. I have been all through that country, but
I do not think it is as much as stated by the Sen-
ator.
Mr. HENDRICKS. By water it is about
ninety miles.
Mr. POWELL. It is .just ninety miles by
water.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not suppose we peo-
ple of the East have any interest in this matter,
or have a right to say h word about this dispo-
sition of the public lands. This may be all vcry_
proper and very just. Here is an amendment at
the end of the bill to ,idd ninety or one hundred
miles of railroad, giving alternate sections of land,
