2614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
slavery the problem were solved. Hence I may
as well say it here as elsewhere, that, like an evil
spirit in man, there can be no rest, no health, no
peace, no permanent prosperity until the turbu-
lent and wicked devil is cast out and utterly de-
stroyed. There is no alternative. We must
have two Governments and eternal estrangement
and border feuds, or one nation with slavery, or
with freedom only in all of its parts. The ques-
tion is, which will we have? The answer to this,
as I believe, involves the happiness of coming
generations, and also the perpetuity of a Govern-
ment admitted by those who seek to destroy it,
"with all its defects to come nearer the objects
of all good government than any other on the
face of the earth."
I conclude, therefore, that the revolting States
are still in the Union. The converse would con-
cede the right of secession, and stamp the pres-
ent war as unjust. But these States can have no
voice in the enactment of law or in amending the
Constitution until they are pardoned and restored
to'their forfeited rights. Is this too severe? I
hold this is a charitable view; and as they suffer
the consequences, they may severally exclaim in
truth,
"The thorns which I have reaped nrn of the tice
I planted ; they have torn nns, and 1 blued;
I should have known whatftuit
Would spiiug from such a seed."
I now come to the question, what shall be
done with these States when subdued ? 1 answer,
amend the Constitution so as to for ver prohibit
slavery in the Union, and then discriminate in
pardoning the rebels in such a manner us to re-
store to citizenship such as were not voluntarily
in hostility to the Federal Government. Tins
involves the further inquiry, what power has
Congress in this behalf? In discussing this 1
hope I shall be pardoned for adverting to some
elementary principles, and also for quoting largely
from our organic law. Man's moral and intel-
lectual giowth, as wull as his weakness, con-
strains to intercourse and communion with his
fellows. Society an. admitted necessity, and
government its natural ftuil. Out of society man
is independent, afid subordinate to no one but his
Maker. In sua* equality exists; but the new
relation begets duty and responsibility from man
to man. it is a principle in mechanics that what
is gamed m power is lost in velocity, it is conceded
in ethics that each good, every substantial bene-
fit, tuu? its countercheck. Analogous is souety and
government; to secure the general, eertain specific
advantages* must bo surrendered. Each individ-
ual makes some sucnliee, and theieby obtains a
guarantee of piotectton. Therefore each member
upon entering society covenants to yield his par-
ticular to the geneta! good, and lo so compoitas
to infract none of the rights of others, and also
not to incapacitate himself for the discharge of
the duties growing out of the social relations.
There is mutuality of interest,equality of tights,
and a positive undertaking by each member to
- protect and defend the aggregate and also ouch
constituent part. The enforcement of these duties
and the ledress of a breach of this covenant re-
quire the enactment and the enforcement of law.
'Therefore the founders of ourGovernruentadopt-
ed and we indorse the cardinal truths:
u That all nam aie createdequal; thai they are endowed
by their Creatoi with certain unalienable iight  ; that among
these arc life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That,
to secure these rights, governments are instituted among
men, deriving their just power* man the consent ot the
governed; that, whenever any fonn ol govei nnient becomes
destructive of tlie^e ends it is the ughtrof the people to alter
*>r to abolish it, and to institute a new government, laving
iw foundation on such principles, and oig.uii/<u>g it* poweia
m such fonn, as to them shall ^eeni most likely to elicit
their baiely and happiness."
Under this authority some have stiungcly sought
to justify the rebellion of the southern States. It
should be borne in mind that thcpowerconferrcd
by this instrument is upuu an entire, nolan integral
part of a people, and us exercise is limited ex-
pressly to the altering or the aboht hingof a Gov-
ernment thathas bceomedestrucUve ofocrtain enu-
merated rights. I find no warrant in this for the
secession of a State, but on the contraiyl find
authority directing the people (the Federal Gov-
ernment) to alter and abolish any law or consti-
tution whenever the public interests demaud it.
We sometimes err in supposing that our Govern-
ment and the people are distinct entities. Iience
we hear of the Government's exactions and tyr-
anny. The truth is, the Government and the
people are identical.
The Executive of the nation, the Legislature,
and the Judiciary, are not severally nor are they
jointly the Government; they are only servants.
They represent and act for the sovereign people,
and to them must yield obedience and render an
account. This common error is a source of much
mischief. Many suppose they may assail theGov-
ernment and embarrass its action with impunity,
not reflecting that by so doing they injuratheir own
interests. In ordinary business a similar pro-
ceeding would excite suspicions of insanity. Oth-
ers claim to discriminate between the Government
and the Administration, and while they profess
to respect the former, they abuse the latter. What
is a Government? It is "the body of perspns
charged with the management of the executive
power of a country." What is an Administra-
tion ? " The collective body of persons who direct
the Government of a country." I leave it for
others to discriminate between them. It seems
to me it were wise to aid the Administiation which
represents the people in the discharge of trusts
in which each man has an immediate interest.
When the doctrines 1 have quoted were first
announced, the original colon ies were dependents.
The instrument that gave them to the woild also
abrogated the power of the Crown and declared
the colonies free and independent. In 1787 the
people of these colonies, then States, being the
only authority in the land, ordained and estab-
lished a Constitution. This Constitution contains
the following expressive preamble:
k< We, the people of the United States, in order to form a
more pcileet union, e<t;ibli«h justice, insure domestic tiun-
quiillty, pi ovule for the common defence, promote the gen-
eral welfare, and secure the blessings ot hbeity to ourselves
and our posterity, do ord:uu and CMablisdi this Constitution
for the United Slates of America.55
Thus ttie sovereign power of the nation, for the
purpose of perfecting the work so well begun in
1770, incorporated the elementary principles of the
original Ihll ofllights into their organic law. In the
adoption of this instrument the several States in
their corporate capacity are unknown, but without
regard to geographical or corporate boundaries the
people carved out and perfected a Government for
the purposes so forcibly and eloquently expressed
in the preamble of our national charter. If the
fiamern of this instrument omitted any clause by
overwightor mistake, may their descendants rem-
edy this and perfect the plan of their ancestors?
No one will doubt this, unless the Constitution
inhibits it, or unless it would infract some re-
served right of the Stales. Upon this point let
the Constitution speak. Articiesix,subdivision
two, provides:
"The Constitution, and the laws of the United States
which bhall be made m pursuance theieof, and all tieattes
made or which shall he made under the authonty of the
United Suites, bhall be the snpierne law of the land, and the
judges in every State bJi.ill be bound thoieby, anything m
the constitution or laws of'any {State to the conttary not-
withstanding.''
Thus the people of the United States, by their
voluntary act, ordained and established u Consti-
tution which is not only paramount, but it is the
fundamental law of the nation. It expressly sub-
ordinates each State, and declares that any act of
legislation, or any adjudication thetem, which
conflicts with the provisions of this fundamental
law, shall be utterly void. A State, then, sus-
tains the same relation to the Union that an indi-
vidual does to society. They are constituents,
are severally equal, severally dependent, and ac-
tually subordinate to the whole. The converse
would create several sovereign heads in one Gov-
ernment, which would be as destructive to har-
mony and strength as would several heads m
one family. Thus we have one uubioken chain
fiom the individual to society, from society to the
State, from the State to the nation: *< all are parts
of one stupendous whole."
Once more I quote from the Constitution, arti-
cle five:
<lThe Congees?, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this
Constitution ; oi, on the application of the Legislatures of
two thiid.s of the i?eveial States, shall call a convention for
prepaung amendment-*, which m either case shall he valid
to all intents and purposes as part o( this Constitution when
ratified by the Legislatures of three loiuths of the seveial
States, or by conventions in three fouiths thereof, as one or
the oilier mode of ratification may be proposed by the Con-
gress."
The power to amend the Constitution is ex- ;
press.' The only remaining points are: jfirst, is it
necessary for Congress and the Stated to exercise
this power? Second, what States may participate
in such amendment as provided by article five
just quoted?
As to the second point, I have already shown
that the revolting States are within the Union so
far as fealty and obedience are concerned; butns
far as having a voice in the enactment o.f laws and
amending the Constitution, they are out of the
Union. Till they are pardoned and restored to
favor, they are not to be counted among the States
of theUnion. Wherefore three fourths of the now
loyal States are competent and they alone ore to
be heard in ratifying any amendment of the Con-
stitution that may be proposed.
Upon the remaining question, is it necessary
for Congress and the loyal States to exercise the
power conferred, I remark itdepends much upon
the question whether slavery should be cherished
or destroyed.
The framers of the Constitution knew little of
the true character of slavery. It was reserved
for their descendants to learn this by an experi-
ence bitter and expensive. Few persons at the
moment realize the danger of the first error. The
snow-flake'when associated with kindred particles
forms a barrier of strength. The imperceptible
process of evaporation furnishes the nucleus
around which concentrated drops expand to an
oceau. Nature generates unseen the subtle es-
sences which nourish the embryo shoot until it
becomes a stalwart oak. How similar is life!
The infaut thought, at first as gentle as the snow-
flake, intangible as is evaporation's breath, imper-
ceptible as the agents that minister to the growth
of the forest tree, by as quiet and as certain a pro-
cess, becomes irresistible as an avalanche and deep
as fathomless waves. In Governments, one im-
proper influence is permitted to attain, one unpre-
tending precedent obtains, others cluster around,
until they become too powerful to be resisted.
These are the lessons of experience. We have
graduated in this school. Ourr'ducatton has been
expensive, as is evidenced by an impoverished
Treasury and desolated hearthstones. Shall we
profit by,the tuition? I aver no nation can vio-
late any moral law without incurring a penalty.
No member of society, no matter how we^k or
humble, can be oppressed without injury to the
whole. It is an inexorable law. There is a sys-
tem of compensation in the economy of God, and
applicable to nations and individuals, as inevita-
ble as that fire will burn. We may not admit it,
but time will realize the fact. We may not recog-
nizc the hand, but the chastening will corneas
certainly as that God is just. Legislators as well
as divines should remember these truths.
Not a few attribute our troubles and sufferings
to the agitation and discussion of this subject. I
might reply, remove the cause and discussion
will cease. Hut I have another answer. I knew
a man; he was a noble and generous companion,
endowed with wonderful powers of mind and of
unusual business capacity. Industry and sobri-
ety won him wealth and position. Butin anun-
guarded hour he allowed his cups to obtain the
mastery. His wastingfortune, his broken health,
his neglected business, his weeping family, all
evidenced the effects of the first,error. Hjsneigh-
bors remonstrated as was their right, pointed to
the cause, and kindly advised a reformation.
Poor man, he only railed at them as intermed-
dling fanatics, who had destroyed his business
and beggared his family. He persisted in his
course till his head was actually severed from his
body as he lay unconscious upon an adjacent
railway. Was it the friendly counsels, the truth-
ful admonitions, the Christian efforts of these
fnunds that wrought his ruin, or was it the law
of inevitable compensation? I have supposed it
was transgression and not the preaching of Noah
that destroyed his contemporaries. We may at-
tribute our misfortunes to erroneous causes, but
we shall learn the fact that they follow transgres-
sion as certainly as that gravitation is an estab-
lished law. This is attested by history, and the
events of the last three years are fearful illustra-
tions.
Once more: our fathers permitted slavery from
a supposed necessity. This was their first error.'
They expected it would become extinct under the
workings of the Constitution. This was a sec-
ond error. Others followed, and since the forma-
