THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.,
Thirty-Ejghth Congress, 1st Ses
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13,1604.
New Series No. 38.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I withdraw, then, all I
eaid in that light.
Mr. NESMITH. Imade no such suggestion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was Mr. Saklsbdry,
of Delaware, that made that insinuation, 1 think.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President,! da not deem
it necessary to disclaim any purpose in what I
have said or in what I am about to say to dispar-
age General Grant or the President of the United
States. The former has covered himself all over
'with a renown which the country recognizes.
The latter is the President of the United States,
and as such is entitled to our respect; and what-
ever rights may belong to him in that capacity it
is our duty and it should be our pleasure to rec-
ognize. Nor is it my purpose to reflect upon
what has been the conduct of other officers in
whose charge our military operations have been
conducted. It might be possible, if I was dis-
posed to indulge in any remarks of that descrip-
tion, that whatever faults they may have commit-
ted, whatever errors they may have fallen into,
might be attributed perhaps to defects in the Ex-
ecutive, interference on the part of the Executive,
•—not an interference that the Executive thought
they had not the right or it was not their duty to
make, but an interference that may have been
unfortunate, because, as happens no doubt in this
case, nobody would be more ready to acknowledge
it than the President of the United States. He
has not been educated to the military service, and
he does not claim to have been born a soldier.
He has done the best: he has fulfilled the measure
of his ability, and it would be in my judgment
an ungracious task if 1 were to assume it, to call
in question atall the propriety of his conduct, at
least as things now are. The sole question before
the Senate is whether it is proper that the Senate
should pass the bill that came from the House of
Representatives without the amendments sug-
gested by the military committee.
If I thought by amending this bill in any par-
ticular in which we had the authority to pass it
there would be by any implication, the most re-
mote^ reflection upon/the character and reputa-
tion and patriotism and skill of General Grant, I
would leave the bill to stand as it is; but for the
soul of me—it may be' because I am not as enthu-
siastic naturally, it is not a part of my temper, as
other gentlemen, members of the Senate—for the
soul of me 1 am unable to discover how any pos-
sible disparagement can be supposed to arise from
the amendments contemplated by the committee.
Suppose the bill had passed the other House as
the Senate committee propose to amend it, and it
had come to this House, and had been passed ex-
actly as we propose to amend it, would General
Grant have been disparaged then? Everybody
will say, certainly not. When would he have
been honored? Not by passing the bill, but when
the President should have appointed him under
the bill a lieutenant general, and he would then
have been honored precisely as Major General
Scott was honored when he was appouited to the
brevet rank of lieutenant general under the reso-
lution of 1855, and precisely as the Government
of the United States and the people of the United
States tried to honor more than he had honored
himself, Washington, when Washington was ap-
pointed a lieutenant general under the actof 1798.
And because we propose to alter this bill so as to
put it in the shape in which there may be con-
ferred, if the Executive shall think proper to con-
fer it, an honor upon General Grant precisely
under the same circumstances in which a like
honor was conferred upon Scott and upon Wash-
ington, is it to be supposed, can the most sensi-
tive when he throws aside the peculiar and acute
sensitiveness of the moment imagine, that any re-
flection will be cast upon the conduct of General
Grant?
Having said so much, Mr. President, T proceed
to answer very briefly the suggestion which fell
from the honorable chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, [Mr. Trumbull.] He did.me the
favor to intimate that 1 was too good a lawyer to
place any other construction upon the words to
38
be found in the act of 1798, as compared with those
to be found in the bill upon your table, than the
one which he gave to them. I must run the hazard
of forfeiting in this particular instance the esti-
mate which the learned Senator- thought proper
to place upon whatever legal ability I may have,
by saying that I cannot put the same interpreta-
tion upon those words; and if I had designed to
couch the bill upon your table so as to render it
more imperative, so as to give to it a different ef-
fect from that which it would have if it was drafted
in the words of the act of 1798,1 would have used
the words which are to be found in the bill upon
your table. What are they? The President of
the United States is to select from the major gen-
erals most distinguished for courage, skill, and
ability one who, " being commissioned as lieu-
tenant general.shall be authorized, under the di-
rection of the President, to command the armies
of the United States."
My friend the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary tells us that the word " shall" there
is synonymous with the word "may" used in tTie
act of 1798. There are, I know, every lawyer
knows it, every intelligent and educated man
knows it, various occasions in which the word
" may" is to be construed " shall;" but that de-
pends upon the subject-matter; that depends upon
the context. If the thing to be done is provided
for so as to make it a clear and imperative duty
then it oftens happens that the word " may" is
equally imperative with the word "shall, but
not because the word " may" standing by itself
means the same thing with the word " shall," or
becuuse the word " may" standing in connection
with some subject other than that which becomes
an imperative duty is equivalent to the word
"shall."
Now, sir, what is the object that Congress lms,
or is supposed to have, according to the interpre-
tation given to the word " shall," as it is here
found, by the honorable chairman of the Judiciary
Committee? The object is to appoint a lieutenant
general. What for? To supersede the President
of the United States? Certainly not; because the
Constitution of the United States would render
any act of that description upon our part wholly
nugatory. The Constitution of the United States
provides, as against Congress, that the President
"shall he Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy of the United States." Then it is not the
purpose by this bill to constitute a lieutenant gen-
eral in order that he may interfere in any way
with the paramount authority of the President to
command the armies of the United States, para-
mount to the legislative power, and to any other
power known to the Constitution. It is intended
to do something else. It is intended to create an
officer who is to be, in that respect at least, sub-
ordinate to the President. How subordinate?
As I stated when I was up before, it was for a
long time a question of doubt, and is still consid-
ered asa question of doubt, irrespective of legisla-
tion, whether the President of the United States,
merely because he is as President Commander-
in-Chief of the armies of the United Slates, lms a
right by bis own meie will to dismiss a military
ofiiecr without trial. I do not speak fiom any
distinct recollection now of any particular case;
but there are one or two decisions of the Supreme
Couit of the United States, and more to be found
in elementary writers upon the Constitution of the
United States, m which that power has been very
seriously questioned; but as dimes against the
United States may be punished under laws which
Congress may think proper to adopt, and as it is
within the province of legislative power to say
when a man shall forfeit an office the tenure of
which is not secured by constitutional provision,
it has been held ,and you have acted on that con-
struction, that it is competent for Congress by
legislation to piovide that the President of the
United States may dismiss an officer. If not say-
in" so that power would be a doubtful one, if it
becomes a clear one only because you do say so, it
follows as equally clear that if you sayany paitic-
ulur officer shall command the armies of the Uni-
ted States you takjfrom the President the power
to interfere with him. He can interfere because
as the Presidsnt of the United States he is ex
officio Commander-in-Chief, but how interfere?
Only interfere by taking away from him the par-
ticular command, by going into the field in person,
directing all the military movements himself; and
by doing so, being chief in command under the
Constitution, all subordinate authority ptiust sub-
mit to him.
Now, what do you say by this provision? Ap-
point him, and, being appointed, you tell the
President when he appoints him that he shall
command, or " shall be authorized, under the di-
rection of the President, to command the armies
of the United States." To what do the words,
" the direction of the President," as these words
are there used, refer? Do they refer to the inci-
dents connected with the office itself? Not as I
understand them. They mean only that t-iiePres-
ident may direct the movements of this lieutenant
general, tell him where he shall go and where he'
shall not go, what he may do and what he "may
not do; but he cannot interfere with him as lieu-
tenant general. There he will remain without
any responsibility, as faras the mere office is con-
cerned, to the President or to the Government of
the United States until the law shall be repealed.
My friend from Illinois maintains that these
words mean only what was meant by what he
supposes to be the synonymous phraseology of
the act of 1798. A word or two on that point.
The language of the bill, as it came from the
House of Representatives, is that the general se-
lected " shall be authorized, under the direction
of the President, to command the armies of the
United States." The language of the provision
in the act of 1798 is:
"That, whcnevei the President shaUMeein it expedient,
he is hereby empowered to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, a commander of the army which
may he raided by virtue ol tins :iet, ami who, hying com-
missioned as lieutenant genera), maybe authorized to com-
mand the armies of the United States."
Does the word " may," as there used, say that
the President of the United States shall give him
the command of the armies of the United States ?
The chairman of the Judiciary Committee says
it does. Now, if I stopped here I would submit
as perfectly plain that the word " may" was in-
tended to mean only what its ordinary import
implies, to mean discretion, discretion to Devested
somewhere. But I am not obliged to stop at that
pait of the section which I have read, because it
is followed afterwards by a provision which shows
that in the view of the Congress who passed the
act of 1798 they knew and they intended to ex-
pressa different purpose in'using the word " may"
from that which they wojjld have intended to ex-
press by employing the word " shall,"as the Sen-
ator will see in a moment:
"May be authorized to command the armies of the Uni-
ted States, and shall be allowed all the pay," &c.
They had the two words before them. When
they intended to impose it as an imperative obli-
gationon the Government, and to give an absolute
right to the officer, they said thatthatright should
be his. They intended to give him the right to
the additional pay, and they intended, of course,
to create upon the Government the obligation to
give thatadditional pay; and when they designed
that they used the word " shall" as contradistin-
guished from the word " may "in the immediately
preceding part of the clause. I maintain, there-
fore, with all the respect which I feel for the judg-
ment of the chaiiman of the Judiciary Commit-
tee, that the woid "may," as there used, was
intended to be a very different tiling from the word
" shall" as the word " shall" is used in the bill
upon your table.
Now, Mr. President, a word upon the other part
of tin: bill which the Military Committee move
to strike out—the clause in winch the Congress
of the United States recommend to the President
of the United States that he'appoiftt Major Gen-
eral Giant. In the first place it would be sufficient
to govern my conduct that such a thing is unex-
ampled in the legislative history of the Govern-
