12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December ,5,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Heport of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
ing and a daily ration. There seem to be in-
equality and injustice in this distinction, and an
amendment authorizing the same pay and bounty
as white troops receive is recommended. Soldiers
of the Union, fighting under its banner, and ex-
posing their lives in battle to uphold the Govern-
ment, colored troops are entitled to enjoy its jus-
tice and beneficence.
The fortunes of war have brought within our
lines a large number of colored women, children,
and some aged and infirm persons. Their care,
support, and protection rest a solemn trust upon
the Government. Their necessities have, to some
extent, been supplied by the order of this De-
partment, but a general and permanent system
for their protection and support should be speed-
ily adopted by Congress. Even if they are to be
regarded as in some degree a burden upon the
Government, they are a greater loss to the enemy.
Every woman and child, from nine years old to
sixty, has to the rebel planter a high market
value. Their labor in the cotton field is a source
of profit to him. Is it not better that we should
feed them than that they should support the rebel
master who is in arms against us?
The reports of the several chiefs of bureaus in
this Department exhibitfully their respective op-
erations during the last year.
The Adjutant General reports that the business
of his office has greatly increased during the past
year by the creation of the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral's bureau and the Bureauforthe Organization
of Colored Troops. He recommends :
First. That the term of enlistment in the regu-
lar service bo fixed'at three years, instead of five,
in accordance with the act of July 29,1861, which
expired by limitation on the lstof January, 18G3.
Second. That the law regulating the payment
of chaplains be amended so a« to allow half pay
and rations during absence on leave occasioned by
other cause than wounds or sickness, and to full
pay without rations when absent for those causes.
A serious evil arising from the absence of offi-
cers from (iutv lias, in the past year, been in groat
part i cured ted. Two boards are in session, one at
Annapolis, the other at Cincinnati, before one of
which all officers who have loft their commands
in consequence of ill health are ordered to appear
as soon as they are able to travel. They undergo
an examination by the board, and are recom-
mended, according to their condition, for light
duty, for further leave of absence, or for medical
treatment in a general hospital of the city where
the boaid i.s m session. Hut if found fit for duty,
the president of the board orders them forthwith
to their regiments. The reports of the boards
are a guide to the AdjutantGencralin making de-
tails lor mustering, recruiting, orotherlii(htduty,
and in recommendations for leave of absence or
discharge, where the nature of the disability re-
quires. The reports of the boards, taken in con-
nection with regimental reports of absent officeis
and the surgeons' certificates fiom such officers,
form a complete system of accountability for ab-
sence from duty.
The specific doty of the Ordnance department
is to supply arms and munitions of war for sea-
coast and frontier fuitificutions,and for the forces
in the field.
The expenditures for these purposes during the
last fiscal year amount to $-12,313,030 21.
The cannon, small-aims, accouterments and
equipments for men and hoises,and ammunition
obtained during the last fiscal year, by purchase
and manufacture, weie as follows:
1,577 field, i-'ic^e, and sea-coast cannon,
with eai riages, caissons, and other
im pigments.
1,082,#41 muskets and rifles for foot soldiers.
262,369 cai bines and pistols for mounted
troops.
L,2.)J cannon balls and shells.
'16,1 pounds of lead and lead bullets.
3, 135,046 cartridges for artillery.
259,022.2] 6' oaitndgcs for &mall-arms.
317,276.100 percussion caps.
3,(^2.i,3f;9 fueeon primers.
5,7fi4.^j'*' poui'ds of gunpowder.
!)HK(!7f! m-'s of accoutei m< nts for men.
0 U>39 sets ofrquipmenf.*' I'm eavah y horsey,
3,Jdl sets of artillery harness,each set for
two hordes.
An immense amount of material has been pre-
pared at the different arsenals, and work in met-
als, wood, and leather, in large quantity, is ad-
vanced towards completion, for the manufacture
and repairs of all the various machines and im-
plements of war in use in the service.
The quantities of the principal articles of ord-
nance materials in the control of the Department
attlie beginning of the war, the quantities of those
articles that have since been procured, and the
quantities of those articles on hand on June 30,
1863, are shown in the following table, namely:
9 ? s qa
-"•aoo-Lc^:. 2 P   o £j>_. _ >-
— c
3 S " 5 i 5 : w s
? = = =   c"S 2 91  '
§ " 2 2 - ^ s O o" C- 3
o   ;a a
3 :
0> tl> U 5 U Cn
M -! lil K    ft
C5 >U O O CC rf- ■
p <tj
a jo .
■ C5 tO (O -J c<
' ^3 O O ■
O © 00 C5 >->
<U5 — J£>
W H 03 D A C ih HI -1 C* <
1 - (fl CO to (i O •! o U •! O
) OS £. j— — yj O _
I ffl J. M «! U >1 O >  '! -I -}
I & ffl O O O O C - li. 1
i ii 6 o h co <o o o m .u. .h- <
[O >-
—' -1 o
to
-I CO
E yl M a r
a <£> o -i
o> w  
*i to w
o a. o
CO H 4. w
W ti O lu - C
M t«   W u u o« ©> to U>
-1 rf- O O !■  o o  o c«
o 5i c H -i >1 ia « - o
-t to OC O <© rf- li,
a it ^ w
o ji li $j
 | OJ  ii O A O
.i ^ o a, iJ
^5 >— & ►— a-
8«1;
to e '
The resources of this country for the produr-
tion of arms and munitions of war have only com-
menced their development, yet their extent may
be inferred from the enormous quantity of sup-
plies shown by the foregoing tabular abstract to
imvo been furnished during the last two years.
At the beginning of the war we were compelled
to rely upon foreign countries for the supply of
nearly all ourarmsand munitions. Now all these
things are manufactured at home, and we are in-
dependent of foreign countries not only for the
manufactures, but also for the materials of which
they are composed.
Theexcellence of armsand munitions of Amer-
ican manufacture, which have been supplied by
the Old nance department to the Army, has been so
obvious that our soldiers aie no longer willing to
use those which have been imported from other
countries.
The efforts made during the war to extend and
improve the manufacture of arms and munitions
have resulted in discoveries of great importance
to the country in peace as well as in war. Among
the aits thus improved is the manufacture of
wrought iron, now rivaling the finest qualities of
the iron of Sweden, Nor way, and England, so
highly pii/.cd in the aits.
This country, until the present year, has relied
upon l hos<> countries for ma tot ial lo make <>"un bar-
lels, bridle-bits, (Mr-wheel tit es, and other articles
requiring iron of finest quality. Tin* iionofour
own production is now supeiiorto that obtained
abroad for all these purposes.
The law of 1608 made provision forthe annual
expenditure of <,200,000 for aiming the militia ofH
the States. That stun is insufficient for the wants
of the increased population of the eounti y. Two
million dollais should be annually appropriated
for that puipo^f, until all the Srates are sop-
plied, in proportion to their population, with the
same number of arms that have been distributed
in some of the States to meet the exigencies of the
war.
From the report of the Chief of Engineers, it
appears that the grants made by Congress for
fortifications, at its last session, amounted to
$5,250,000 for permanent works, and $700,000
for temporary works. These liberal provisions
allowed of very material progress being made upon
the important class of fortifications now under
construction, and of essential modifications being
effected in old works and existing batteries, to ob-
tain largely increased efficiency, by preparing them
to receive ordnance of greatly increased calibers,
and to store greater bulks of ammunition, with
additional security afforded therefor.
These important objects have been very gener-
ally realized. The difficulties existing last year
in the procurement and transportation of materi-
als, and in obtaining the requisite amount of skilled
and ordinary labor, have increased; but these dif-
ficulties have been surmounted or avoided to such
a degree that the general result is very favorable,
and our seaboard and border fortifications are
now in condition to afford a formidable defense,
decidedly stronger than last year.
The report of the annual board of visitors of the
Military Academy is herewith submitted. There
being no representation from the rebel States in
the Academy since the war commenced, there ex-
isted accommodation for a considerable number
of cadets beyond those furnished from the loyal
States. There seemed to be no good reason why
the advantages of the Academy should not be en-
joyed to the fullest capacity, and accordingly the
vacancies were this session filled up by appoint-
ments from loyal States, the generals command-
ing armies being invited to furnish the names of
deserving young men from their respective com-
mands; and in this way the number of cadets al-
lowed by law have been admitted to the advant-
ages of military education in the Academy at West
Point. The usual statement, showing the condi-
tion m life of the cadets for a number of years
past, and a list of the present officers and cadets
of the Academy, accompany the report of the
Chief Engineer.
The operations connected with the survey of
the northern and northwestern lakes have been
actively continued, and during the past season
have consisted in a survey of Portage entry, on
Lake Superior, and in resuming the survey of
Green bay and its entrance from Lake Michigan;
also of the periodical examination of the chan-
nels of the St. Clair fiats, and of Lake Gcoige
of St. Mary's river. Observations for the de-
termination of geographical positions, of the fluc-
tuations of the elevation of the surfaces of the
lakes, and of the meteorological phenomena, are
embraced in the opeiatioiis of the survey. The
number of lake charts distributed to navigators
to the 1st of October, ]6(j3, exceeds 24,000, of
which over 4,000 weie distributed the past year.
13y the direction of this Department, an expe-
rienced and skillful officer has been detailed to
examine and report what temporary woiks are
required to guard the lake shores from rebel and
piratical raids.
Thedepartment charged with the disbursement
of the funds for surveys foi military defenses
has, in addition to its current duties, prepared
for military purposes (to which their distribution
is necessarily restricted) on aggregate of 6,841
maps, of which G,9^7 were engraved and litho-
graphed, and 1,014 were photographed.
The clothing and equipment of troops, their
shelter and transportation; the purchase of wag-
ons, horses, and mules; the supply of forage;
the construction, repair, and working of military
roads; and the supply of bouts for transportation
by watei, constitute impot tant duties of the Quar-
termaster General's department. The detail of
these opeiatioiis, sn far as is proper for pubiicin-
formation, is contained  i the acting Quarter-
master General's report, ard need not here be re-
capitulated. The adequate supply of mules and
horses, and their subsistence, aie among the most
arduous duties of the service. To systematize this
branch of service, with adequate supervision and
proper economy, so far as practicable, a Cavalry
km eau was established a fuw months ago, a nd is
now in operation at Gicsboro. It is believed
that by this means much improvement may be
