1640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
, Mr. FESSENDEN. That we cannot do; we
cannot disagree to their instructions.
Mr. WADE. If that is out of order, that is
another thing.
Mr, C0LLA.MER. I move that the Senate
decline to unite in the conference in the manner
asked for by the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. And ask for
a free conference ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That can be done after-
wards. When the House of Representatives
withdraws this resolution either House can ask
for a free conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate decline to agree to a committee of
conference in the manner asked for by the House
of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
SPECULATION IN GOLD*
Mr. SHERMAN. J move to postponeai) prior
orders with a view to talce up Senate bill No. 106,
which I reported yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committeeof the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 100) prohibitingspeculative trans-
actions m gold, silver, or foreign exchange, and
for other purposes.
Mr. SH ERM AN. As the com mittee report the
bill with an amendment to strike out the whole
of the original bill and to insert a substitute cov-
ering the same ground, 1 suggest that the substi-
tute only be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be pursued, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance to strike outali of the bill after
the enacting clause, and to insert the following in
lieu thc&of:
That it shall bo unlawful to make any contract for the
purchase oc sulc3 ot for the loan or delivery, of any gold
coin or bullion, or of any foreign exchange, at any time
tubseqiUMit to the m.iUinfj o( hucii contract, or for tho pay-
ment of any t um, eithrr lixort or contingent, in default of
the Uehveiy ot any gold coin or bullion, or of any foreign
exchange, or upon any other terms than tin; unuM-ch.ac
manual dehvrry of such gold com, or bullion, or torcign
exchange, and the immediaio paynn'unn lull ol tho agtrctl
price thoicof by the man mil delivery of United Elates notes,
or national cuircncy, and not otliciww, or to make any
contiaet whatrvn for tin* Mile, loan, or delivery of any
gold rotn, or bullion, or foreign exchange, ol which the per-
son making Mich conn act shall not, at ihc time of making
feuch conuact, be the bona fide owner in actual possession.
Sec. '2. ,'hul he it juilha enmied, That it shall be further
Unlawful lot any banker, btoker, oi other person, to make
any puteha^e or sale of any yohl com or bullion, or of any
foreign exchange, or any eoniiact lorany such ptuchase or
sale, at any otber place than theoidmmy place ol huMncss
of en her the seller or purehai ei, owned or lured and occu-
pied 1)> htm individually, or by a partnership of which he
if n member.
fch'C.fl. jindhv \tj nillm wactcd, Tliatall contracts made
in violation ol thi-> aei shall be ab>olutcly void.
^t.c. -1. ~'2ml be it junker enacted{ Tliatany peison who
Sshall violate any pimi-ion of this act shall he hold guilty
of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction thereof, he lined tn
tiny Mini not Ins than &l,00(> not mou  than $i0,000, or be
imprisoned lor a peuod nut less than tlnee months nor longer
than one yeai, t r b'Mli, at the du^eieuou of thex'ourt.
ftuc. o. Jlnd be \t further vv<utedy That the penalty on
po««:d by jouttii f-ectioit ot tins act may beieeovered in
an aciiuit at law in any oouit of record <>l the United
Huilr*, or any eouit ot competent jurisdiction, which ac-
tion may !>*; brought in the n.une ot the United Stales by
any person who will sue toi said penalty, one half for the
use ot the United States,and the other half lor the use ot
the person bringing such action. And the recovery and
KiUstactiou of a judgment in any such action shall be a
bar to the imposition of any line for the same offense in any
prosecution mounted subsequent to the recovety of such
judgment, but shall not lie u bar to the infliction of punish-
ment by nnpibonment, as provided bv said fourth section.
sec. b. <SI d be Ufmthet enacted, That all acts and part*,
ol acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act are
hereby tepeafed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Theobjcctof this bill is to
prevent gambhngin gold. The first section pro-
hibits any contract for the purchase or sale of gold
to bu delivered at a future time. The second'sec-
tion prohibits the sale of any gold, by a banker
or broker except at his usual place-of business.
The third section makes the contracts described
in the first and second sections void. The fourth
section punishes the violation of the act by im-
prisonmcntand fine. The fifth section presciibes
that the penalty fixed in the fourth section may
be iccovercd by an action of debt.
Mr. President, it js due to the subject, and it is
due to the Committee on Finance, to say that they
are not sure lhat this bill, or any bill of a similar
character, will accomplish the beneficial results
desired. We arc confident of this, however, that
mere speculative operations in gold at this time
have an injurious effect on the public crcdit; that
the sale of gold by a party who has no gold to
sell is injurious by exciting speculation in gold.
We also feci that the offense that is being com-
mitted now every day in the city of New York,
of people congregating together in the streets or
at the corners and selling that which they have
not to sell, is injurious to the public credit. This
nation,as any other nation,has the right to pun-
ish those things which affect the public credit, not
only with imprisonment but by fines; and such
js the purpose of this bill.
The Secretary of the Treasury deems the pas-
sage of this act as highly important. I will send
to the Secretary's desk a letter addressed to the
Committee on Finance on the subject, with a view
of having it read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Treasory Department, Jlpril 12,1864,
Sir: Notwithstanding the diminished amount of United
States notes in circulation, and the gradual withdrawal from
use as currency of interest-bearing United States notes,
madf a legal tender for their face, the price of gold con-
tinues to advance. This effect can only be attributed to
one ot two causes, and is probably due in part to each:
first, to the mciea^e of notes of local banks; and secondly,
to the efforts ot speculators.
[have already submitted through you to the considera-
tion of the Committee on Finance a bill intended as a
remedy for the filNt evil. I now beg leave to submit to its
consideration a bill intended as a remedy for the second.
The first bill, if it becomes u law, will have, t doubt not,
the most salutary consequences. The effects of the second
will probably be more immediate, though perhaps not oi
such permanent importance. *
I a«k for both a candid consideration, and, if approved,
the favorable action of Congress.
It must not be thought, however, that I regard either or
both of these measures adequate remedies for financial dis-
orders. Nothing abort of taxation toone half of the amount
of our current expenditures, and n reduction of those ex-
penditures to the lowest point compatible with efficiency,
Will injure financial succcss to the Government- And
without military success all measuies will fail.
Very r<>pect!ullv,yours,
S. I'. CllASE, Secretary of the Treasury.
UON. W. P. Fksskndln,
Chairman Committee on Finance, U, S. Senate,
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Finance
adopted the view taken by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and thought the passage of this bill
might tend to make difficult these speculations in
gold, and thus tend to some extent.to preserve the
puHhc credit. We felt that all measures of this
kind were merely palliative; that people would buy
and sell gold; and we did not propose to punish
them for doing so, or to prevent persons from
buying and selling gold in the ordinary course of
business. The purpose of the bill is simply to
pievcnt people from selling gold who have none
to sell, to prevent them from selling it at places
unusual, out of the ordinary course of business,
and in such a way as to depreciate the price of
our paper money. The true remedy for all our
difficulties, we all Know, must be military success
and the passage of tax bills sufficiently burden-
some to withdraw rapidly currency intotheTreas*
ury of the United States; but believing that this
bill will do no harm, and probably do good, we
deemed it our duty to report it to the Senate, and
ask for its passage.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio, before we proceed any further
in the discussion of this bill, if it is the intention
of the committee to prevent the purchase of for-
eign exchange or gold with the bank notes of the
different States; if it is the intention to confine all
legitimate transactions to United States notes or
the national currency.
Mi. SHERMAN. It is not the purpose of the
bill to prevent any purchase of gold or exchange
by any person desiung to buy gold or exchange
for any legitimate put pose whatever.
Mr. HENDERSON. The provision is whatl
have suggested.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator mistakes the
terms. The first section only prohibits the pur-
chase of gold to be delivered in the future, time
sales, as they me called. If a man wishes to buy
gold for manual delivery it is not prohibited by
this section.
Mr. FESSENDRN. One question whicl/would
naturally suggest itself to the Senate, as it did to
the committee, would he how far the power of
Congress extends over the subject. If Congress
has this power it is founded undoubtedly on the
authority given by the Constitution with regard to
the currency and protecting it; and gold being the
basis, and a part of the currency, gold coin es-
pecially, I suppose it comes within our power to
do anything that is necessary to protect the cur-
rency of the country from depreciation. If the
bill cannot be defended upon that ground it is not
defensible upon any ground. Perhaps at first
blush there might seem to be some doubt about
it; but on deliberation we concluded at any rate
that it was advisable to pass the bill,under the
circumstances, and leave that question to its nat-
ural result, ourselves being inclined to the opinion,
very decidedly, that the power existed.
Then came the question with regard to the ef-
fect. I believe upon that my friend from Ohio
has expressed the views of the Committee on Fi-
nance. For myself I have very great doubt on
that point, as I had when the other bill was passed
some time ago giving the Secretary of the Treas-
ury the power to sell gold; I mean the effect with
reference to operating on the speculation which
has been producing such injurious effects. It is
very doubtful to my mind whether any of these
bills can produce any very sensible effect upon
the evil that we tvy to remedy; but nevertheless
it is a crying evil; it is one that is having a very
injurious effect upon us. It arises from two
sources, one unquestionably the feeling which ex-
ists among so many persons, the desire to make
money at no matter what expense to the country
and with no regard to any injurious effects that
may be produced upon the country. There is in
all communities a number—and I am sorry to say
too large a number—of men whose views and
whose desires never extend beyond themselves
and their own interests, and who will sacrifice
everything else, country and all, to what they
deem to be their individual profit. It is unques-
tionably true too (and that is also a feeling that is
cultivated by some) that there are men among us
who are in the interest of the enemy , and who do
not hesitate of course to do everything they can
to break down the public credit.
It is useless to heap invectives or to multiply
expletives with regard to either of these classes
of men. Public opinion, if the better part of the
community would exert it strongly in the city of
New York where this evil originates and is most
prevalent and prominent, might produce perhaps
some good, because men who are insensible to all
other things are sometimes sensible to shame and
can be operated upon by that consideration. But
in a great commercial mart like New York, it is
difficult perhaps to exert that kind of influence to
such an extent as would be productive of good.
Therefore, although we may not believe or feel
that a bill of this kind will necessarily produce
the effect, and although it may be very doubtful
whether it will produce the effect, it is neverthe-
less a duty in the' present condition of things in
this country to leave nothing untried which offers
even a reasonable ground of hope; and it is upon
that supposition, that idea, that faith, that the
committee recommend the measure, in the belief
that a bill of this kind may produce an effect in
two ways: first by operating upon public opinion,
and second by high penalties, and especially by
the provision which vacates all contracts of this
description it may, and I think it possibly will,
have mi cffect to check in some, perhaps not any
inconsiderable dcgiee, the rampant and heartless
and wicked spirit which is actuating men with
reference to this subject, and which at present is
so injurious to the best interests of the country.
With this view, the committee agreed to submit
the bill to the Senate and to recommend its pas-
sage.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, as I was not
fortunate enough to agree with the majority of
the Committee on Finance in regard to tins bill,
I beg leave to state very briefly my reasons for
choosing to differ fiom them.
I am unwilling at this time, much as 1 may la-
ment the condition of the public credit, to make
such a confession, as this bill seems to me to be,
of its depreciation. I believe that in no other
country and in no other times, even the worst of
revolutionary times, has a measure of this kind
been resorted to, at least until the public paper
was worth about six fur one; and as ours has not
sunk to that depth in the market, I am opposed
to resorting to any such subterfuges as I conceive
this to he m order to bolster it up.,
Mr. President, what is the evil complained of
here? It is well enough to have a clear view of
