594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
ment. Everybody knows how certain it is that
a-bad precedent once set is sure to be followed by
subsequent mischief. The Senate of the United
States especially, in my judgment, to say nothing
of the other House, should keep themselves alto-'
gether clear from all possible embarrassment in
.actingupon the official acts of the President of the
United States which, under the Constitution, are
to come before the Senate for*approval or disap-
proval, They should reserve to themselves the
whole measure of their own authority, and be-
cause they should do that they should studiously
avoid—-1 speak it very respectfully—interfering
with any portion of the authority of the President.
The honorable member from Wisconsin [Mr.
Doolittle] has told us that he sees nothing un-
constitutional in this particular clause of the bill.
Nobody has said it was unconstitutional. But
why is it not unconstitutional? It is only be-
cause it has no operation whatever; I mean no
legal operation whatever. If it had the effcct of
controlling the President legally or constitution-
ally, or if that was the purpose of the provision,
anu the words in which the provision was made
were words which would effect that purpose if
the power existed, everybody would say that the
whole jvas an idle attempt, bccause the Constitu-
tion of the United States stood as a barrier be-
tween the legislative department of the Govern-
ment and the President as far as such provisions
are concerned.
How are you to start? This war may not end
for a year or two, or if it does, nobody can tell
how soon we may be involved in other wars.
Glories in the future, as well as in the past, may
be won upon the ocean as well as upon the land.
Other Scotts may anse, other Grants may spring
up,and thousands of other people may fancy them-'
selves Scotts and Grams, and they may come to
Congress,they and their fiiends,and besiege every
membcrof the Senate to recommend them for pro-
motion. The case of each man is in his own judg-
ment and the judgment of hi^ friends an exceptive
case. He doubts the President, is afraid to trust
his claim to promotion to him, but through his
immediate representatives upon this floor or in the
other House he thinks he may be able to bring to
bear upon him an influence which he will be un-
able to resist.
A presidential election is coming on. Tie who
holds the presidential chair may be looking to
a reelection. A popular man is brought up for
promotion, one who stands high and deep in the
affections of the people. Ingratitude as against
him, or any reason for charging ingratitude as
against him, upon the part of the incumbent of
the presidential chair, strikes at his popularity
and will tell at the ballot box; and if he be one
of the mere ordinary men whom ordinary times
bring upon the public arena he may not be su-
perior to such a temptation; he may be willing to
sacrifice the interest of the country to promote his
own political ends, to win power, win a continu-
ance m officer rather than to perform the full
measure of his duty, and he yields his conscience
and his judgment and he appoints the man that
you recommend.
But suppose he does not. If he is mode of
the stuff of which Presidents should be made he
would not. Suppose he does not, what a conflict
is that to bring about as between the President of
the United States and his official advisers! How
do both stand before the country when that con-
dition of things is brought about, the Senate of
the United Suites voting for a law like this oi any
other law amounting to the same thing in sub-
stance, telling the President of the United States
whom he shall appoint to one of the high est offices
in the gift of the people of the United States, and
he sending in another? 1 do not speak of the
present Senate: Courtesy would of itself alone
restrain me ftom speaking of the present Senate;
and move than courtesy, a full sense that no such
conduct could be attributed to the present Senate
of the United States. Yet who knows in the
course of time who may fill these chairs and con-
stitute a majority, and try to master the Presi-
dent, to control him in this admitted, exclusive,
constitutional function, by telling him virtually,
" Take our man or take the consequences."
I submit, bj^cauf-e it strikes mO as very obvi-
ous, that to proceed in that way will be to open
tho door to thousands and thousands of ills that
may result in very groat public calamity. But
more than that, my honorable friend from Wis-
consin tells us, and I always listen to what he
says with the highest respect, that he cannot see
how the provision which the committee recom-
mends to be stricken out reflects upon the Presi-
dent. In one sense it does not, because it ap-
proaches the President with words of respect; but
in another sense it seems to me that it does very
materially, more particularly when the provision
is to be construed with reference to this debate,
and the debate which I believe took place in the
other House. sThe honorable member has said
(every member has said who has spoken, I be-
lieve, except myself, and I have expressed no
opinion upon the subject) that there is no man in
the United States connected with the Army who
ought to be selected for the place but General
Grant. The glowing eulogy passed upon him by
the honorable member from Wisconsin, notover-
stated except perhaps in the number of small-
arms which he said were captiued. I think he
put those at some fifteen or twenty millions more
or less, [laughter,] "innumerable" 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I could not count them.
Mr. JOHNSON. He says,however, in that
eulogy, that he stands above all the military men
of the q.ge; that the whole country points to him.
What is the use, then, of putting this provision in
unless it be that the President has not the sense
or the gratitude or the discernment of the whole
counLry ? The President is a pretty shrewd man;
just at this time, perhaps, he-would be particu-
larly shrewd on anything that affects the public
pulse. And if it be ti ue—it is not for me to deny
it—that the public finger points to this man and
to no other, do you not think the President of the
United States will follow the guide of the public
and make the selection which they designate? If
you do not, what a reflection it is upon the Pres-
ident! If you suppose that he would not—and
this provision finds its way into this bill because
you suppose that he does not—what an imputa-
tion upon the President; the only man in the Uni-
ted States, if the honorable member from Wis-
consin is right, who doubts at all that General
Grant should be selected.
But, sir, not only is it, as I think, a reflection
upon the President of the United States and a
dangerous innovation upon his actual authority,
(an authoiity with which the Senate of the United
Slates as a Senate should not inteifeic,) but I sub-
mit, as clear to my mind, that it is rather dispar-
aging to the stand which General Grant himself
is supposed^,to hold in the public estimation. It
is as much as to say that it is by no means certain
that General Grant's claim to popular confidence
and executive favor, to the gratitude of the coun-
try and to the gratitude of the Government will
be sufficient to induce the President to give him
this office. It is as much as to say, " Upon that
point we doubt, and we prefer, therefore, m ouler
to mtvc Grant, to accomplish for Grant what we
think it is possible might not be effected without
our aid, to tell the President that of all the men in
the world Grant is the only one whom he should
select for this high place."
I submit, then, with entire respect, that on every
ground in which the subject stukes my mind, it
is our duty, our clear duty, to accept of the amend-
ments proposed by the committee.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I suppose
there will be no vote taken upon this bill to-night.
[" Move an adjournment."] 1 desire to submit
an amendment that it may be printed, which I
shall offer when this bill comes up for considera-
tion again.
The amendment was received informally, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 now move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meetonMon-
duy next.
Air. FESSGNDEN. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator from California will withdraw that motion.
The Committee on Finance have some important
appropriation bills before them which it is de-
sirable should be submitted to the consideration
of the Senate at an early day. I trust we shall
be able to act upon some of the measures from
that committee to-morrow, and hence I must ob- .
j<.ct to an adjournment over. I hope my friend '
ftom California will withdraw his motion.
Mr. COJN'NESS. I withdraw the motion.
On the motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February ll, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock,m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ILLNESS OF MR. LITTLEJOHN.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication:
Oswego, New York, February 8,1864.
My dear Sir : I Jiad hoped to so far have recovered my
health by this time as to have resumed my duties in the
House ot Repiesentatives, but my physician now tells me
it will be impiudent for me to leave here in less than two
weeks.
ThN being so, I most Respectfully resign my position on
the Committee on Rules, feaung my prolonged absence
may embarrass the committee in case of differences of
opinion in regard to the revision or amendmentof the rules.
Very truly yours, D. C. LITTLEJOIIN.
Hon. Sthcylpr Colfax,
Speaker House of Representatives, Washington.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York being already on two committees has, un-
der the rules, the right to resign, and no vote,
therefore, is required on his resignation.
PBKSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. LOAN. I ask the consent of the House
to make a personal explanation.
There was no objection.
• Mr. LOAN. Before proceeding with my ex-
planation, I will send to the Clerk's desk and ask
to have read a paragraph from the Globe of the
8th instant.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"A Senator ftom my own Stale [Mr. Brown] presented
what purpoi ted to he a memorial from members of the Le-
gislature of Missouri, and a protest of four Representative*
from that ^tate, against the confirmation of General Scho-
rielda>a major general. I do not mention this circumstance
to comment on the extraoidinaiy and most unbecoming
declaiauon contained in that piotes-t, m which these four
membcis claim to be tiie only icprescutatives of the Union
men of Missouri, for there i-< nothing in tho character or
history oi either of them to warrant this arrogant assump-
tion, hut for the purpose of exposing a covert assault upon
tho President under the pmext of detecting the confirma-
tion 01 Geneial Schofield. It it had been the object to effect
the latter purpose tins paperwoulri have been presented in
executive session, where nominations are considered, and
not in the open session of the Senate, as it purpoits to have
been done, when no such matter can properly come before
that body. The memorial and protect contained only mat-
ters which had been pieviously submitted to the President
by a great committee of radicals, which visited Washington
for that purpose; and these statements had been examined
into by the Pi csidcnt, who, in his reply, plainly declared
that he did not beJievo them to be true. Yet the Pi evident
is arraigned upon these same stale and discredited state-
ments before the country upon the memorial of members
ot the Missouri Legislature and four members ot this House,
under the pietense of asking that Geneial Schofield shouid
not be confirmed, and that, too, after an agreement was had
with the President that no opposition should be made to
tfehotieUrs continuation, but that he should he, on his own
request, relieved from the command in MKoouii. The
Piesident, [ piesume, in ins desire for peace among those
who professed to be lojal, was willing to make this con-
cession; but after accepting the concession, those parties
flew from their agieement, under the dictation of bolder
and more open enemies of the President and his Aduunis-
tiation, who would not permit the opportunity for assailing
him to pass."
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. With the con-
sent of my colleague, I wish to make a suggestion
before he proceeds. I learn from the paiagraph
just lead by the Clerk, that the purpose of my
colleague is to make some explanation or reply
to something that has been said by my colleague,
[Mr. Blair,] who is absent at this time. I sug-
gest, therefoie, to my colleague that he defer his
explanation or reply until the return of General
Blair. I understand that he is out of the city,
but that he will return this evening or to-morrow.
I make this suggestion injustice to my colleague
who is absent.,
Mr. LOAN. I would be more than pleased to
comply with the suggestion of my colleague, but
the circumstances are such at this time as not to
permit it. It is a direct personal charge against
me.
Mr. ICING. I rise to a question of order. I
ask if my colleague can be permitted to proceed
at this time if objection be made?
The SPEAKER. When tho gentleman from
Missouri rose, the Chair asked if there was ob-
jection to his proceeding; and no objection was
made. It is now too late to object.
Mr. KINU-. Then 1 ask the'Speaker whether,
after my colleague lias concluded his explanation,
other members from Missouri will be permitted
to reply?
