1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Constitution; submit to it without a murmur, or
we will exterminate your whole race from the
face of the earth and parcel out your lands to
your negroes in forty-acre lots!'*
In this spirit they have conducted the war from
its beginning—as full of venomous persecution
toward slaveholders for the sin of slavery as was
Saul of Tarsus when he made that memorable jour-
ney from Jerusalem (o Damascus,breathing threat-
enings and slaughter against the saints! But,
sir, Paul on that occasion saw a great light and
heard a loud voice; and I am hopeful that before
our once happy land is utterly ruined—say in the
month of November next—the relentless career
• of the fanatics in power will in like manner be
arrested by the mighty voice of the people at the
polls. It cannot be possible, Mr. Speaker, that
the spell of fanaticism, the incomprehensible negro
mania which now reconciles the free people of
this free country to the despotic power and the
unconstitutional usurpations of this Administra-
tion, and impels them to the toleration of such
aggressions upon the personal liberty of citizens
and the rights of free speech and a free press as
have been made again and again by the military
power under its direction,is to last much longer.
The exile and imprisonment of citizens for no
crime known to the laws, the abrupt invasion of
printing offices and other places of business by
armed soldiers, and- the arbitrary arrest of editors
for the innocent publication of matters displeasing
to the men in power—as in the case of the New
York Journal of Commerce and the World the other
day—are startling offenses against the constitu-
tional rights of the people, which, when fully com-
prehended, can hardly fail to arouse a tornado of
indignation among the masses that will huil ftom
their seats of power the anogant despots who are
now trampling under their fcet-the sacred charter
of our liberties, even while their pliant partisans
are here endeavoring, through the insidious reso-
lution under consideration, to wrest from the
States all control over their local institutions and
constitutea consolidated General Government en-
tirely different from that which our fathers insti-
tuted.
But, sir, while I forego the argument I might
make upon this point and ignore all the quota-
tions which might be impressed to sustain my
position, I may be at liberty to express my hum-
ble opinion, that as there would have been no
Union in the first place if the power to regulate
the matter of slavery had not been left to the ex-
clusive control of the States in their unsurren-
dered sovereignty, so now, if that power be taken
from the States by this amendment of the Con-
stitution, without permitting the southern States
to participate in the formalities-proposed—as they
cannot participate in their present condition—dis-
union will be perpetuated for all time and the
glory of the American Republic will never return,
no matter how successful our armies may be in
overcoming the physical power of the rebellion.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask if this is the proper
time for our people to consider so grave a meas-
ure as the amendment of the Constitution in so
vital a point? We should not forget,sir, that this
great charter of human rights and a free Govern-
ment was framed by wise men after grave and
mature deliberation, at a time when no popular
excitement disturbed the public mind and no party
prejudices existed to warp their judgment or in-
fluence their feelings; but, sir, we are approach-
ing its amendment, proposing to remodel it, in the
very midst of a bloody and exasperating war,
when the passions of the people are inflamed with
sectional bitterness and fanatical zeal, and v#iile
partisan prejudices and political animosities are
swaying the popular mind almost to frenzied
blindness. In the midstof this turmoil of deadly
sectional strife, when-truth and reason and hu-
manity^ well as fraternity, forgiveness, and" com-
mon charity have been overslaughed by heated
passion and exasperated hate, H may well be
questioned if the public mind is in a proper con-
dition to consider and pass upon any proposition
to q.mend or in any way disturb the fundamental
law upon which our vei y liberties are established.
Mr. Speaker, this is no fitting time far such work,
and I therefore pray that this House will at once
wash its hands of the measure and not hesitate
to disagree with tile Senate in the disunion move-
ment now under consideration.
The Constitution as it stands is the master-
work of wise, experienced, and purely patriotic
men—giants in intellect—whose equals, I am bold
to say, are not to be found among the pigmy dem-
agogues who wield the destinies of our country
in these degenerate days. It is the matchless
product of unquestioned wisdom, profound pa-
triotism, practical justice,and approved statesman-
ship. Immortality has justly crowned the name
of every one who participated in its making, and
even the glory of the Father of his Country was
augmented in being the presiding officer of the
august body which gave it to the world. What
a magnificent structure for the nations of the Old
World to contemplate was the free Government
it ordained ! How wisely adjusted its division of
Stute and national powers; its granted and re-
served rights; its checks and balances; its restric-
tions and limitations; its adjustment of legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial functions; its studied
guardsagainst the abuse of power; and its jealous
protection of the rights and liberties of the peo-
ple ! What wonder that it attracted the admira-
tion of the civilized world, and what a shame that
the people who have attained greatness and glory
and honor and unparalleled prosperity through
its protecting care should now suffer it to be de-
stroyed by a disregard of the great principles upon
which it is based, and a violation, by the admin-
istrators of the Government it created, of the sa-
cred rights it was designed to protect. Ought we
not, Mr. Speaker, as the Representatives of the
people, to be deliberate and cautious when we set
about amending this sacred charter of civil and
religious liberty? Ought we not to hesitate long"
and consider well before we cftace a single inscrip-
tion fiom this monument of the wisdom and pa-
tnotism of our fathers? Can such a thing be
wisely done in the present agitated state of the
public mind ?
Mr. Speaker, from my very heart I am con-
strained to say that of all the measures of this
Congress apparently designed to perpetuate the
disunion of these States, I regard that now under
consideration the most pernicious, because it will
bo the most*effective, and will, as I have before
said, entirely close the door to a peaceful lecon-
cilianon, if it should be consummated, by incor-
porating the proposed amendment into the Con-
stitution without the free consent of the States
now in rebellion.
Sir, we want those rebellious States to return
to the Union under the Constitution to which they
owe unquestioned allegiance, and we should be
careful to supply them with no justification for
continued hostility to the Federal authority. We
should hesitate to erect, in our hatred of slavery
and slaveholders, even the slightest barrier to pie-
vent their return to their old positions in the Union
the moment their physical power shall be over-
come by our military movements. In their pres-
ent condition we have no right to impose upon
them this proposed constitutional provision,which
we know will be obnoxious, even as a punishment
for their rebellion. If they are again to become
a part of the General Government, they surely,
after they shall so become, oughtto be consulted
in amending the fundamental law under which
they are expected to live in communion with us.
I repeat, Mr. Speaker, that I consider this the
worst and most to be feared of all the disunion
measures of this Congress, for the reason that
when this resolution shall have been made, no
matter how unfairly, a part of the Constitution,
it will be irrepealable in the second sober thought
of Congress* while all the other iniquitous schemes
which have been enacted to promote the rebellion
and procrastinate the war maybe repealed at will
upon the returning reason of the people, when
true patriotism, justice, and humanity shall re-
sume their sway m the public councils and su-
persede the fanaticism, political profligacy, and
degenerate recklessness which now pervade these
legislative Halls. But, sir, this project, when con-
semmated, becomes a portion of the organic law,
and at oncc raises a Lanier of insurmountable
magnitude in the way of that peace and reconcil-
iation which all sober-minded arid truly loyal cit-
izens hope to see accomplished the moment com-
plete success shall crown our military operations
against the rebellion.
Then* are a great many loyal citizens, Mr.
: Speaker, who stand upon that face of the three-
sided platform the Preqtdanl W
ebrated letter to Horace Greeley, which looks tp
the salvation of the Country with slavery
lested; and they would molest that institmjothifi
no other way than through the moyemw^ofour
military organization during tfie cpatmuancg'ojT
the war. No true patriot,-in my estimation,f'wi{l
insistqpon a prosecution of this horrid war fpr tfejb
sole purpose of extinguishing negro sIfivfc'ry;4o$I
yet such a purpose is-now the avowed determina-
tion of the leaders of the Republican party, bqjdly -
proclaimed in the radical press. In a recent ^uatr
ber of the New York Tribune I find the follow-
ing u key-note" of that policy, which indicate#
that the question of savifig the Union is to be ejv-
tirely ignored until slavery is forever dead and
buried. Listen to the shocking invocation of the
Tribune which puts entirely out of sight the ob-
jects of the war, as declared by Congress and as
professed by the President at its commencement:
" Friends of the wounded in Fredericksburg from the Mat-
tie of the Wilderness, friend? and relatives of the soldiers
ofGrant's army beyond the Wilderness, let us all join hands
atul swear upon our country^ altar that we will never cease
this ^var until African slavery in the United States is dead
forever, and forever hxmed!'■>
That I take to be the war creed of the party on
the other side of this House, and the proposition
to amend the Constitution now under considera-
tion is the bugle blast which directslhe abolition
cohorts to still prosecute the work of blood and
carnageafter the armed rebellion against the Gov-
ernment shall have been quieted.
This resolution, Mr. Speaker, contains the con-
centrated venom of the whole abolition crusade,
and if it should be adopted while the States most
interested are deprived, by their own act it may
be said, of all voice in the matter, I fear the re-
sult will prove that we have gone one step too
far. If this measure should bo " put through,"
as " the powers that be" doubtless intend it shall
be, if it commands a sufficient number of votes in
this House, the Constitution as it wat framed by
our fathers, in a spirit of broad and unselfish pa-
triotism, wirt have passed away.- Its substitute
will be but the mandate of a sectional oligarchy,
the product of exasperated partisan feeling and
intense hatred towaid a large portion of the peoplfe
who are to be compelled to live under it, against
their will, after being despoiled of their property
and their lights.
I think, Mr. Speake'r, that I have already said
sufficient to define my position on this question,
and to satisfy my constituents of the propriety of
the vote I intend to give; but before I conclude,
I may be permitted to remark that if-instead of
adopting sych measures as this, and the confis-
cation act, the absurd freedmen's bill, the negro
forty-acre homestead project, and the Union-de-
stroying reconstruction measure of the gentleman
from Maryland, and the country were rid of all
the negro legislation which now disgraces the
journals of this Congress, w<5 might reasonably
hope, through the achievements of our armies in
the movements now progressing, to witness the
speedy restoration of the Union upon the basis of
the Constitution " as it is." But, sir, our friends
on the.other side Are after something else; and are
so emphatic in their protest against any Union
until slavery is abolished in all the States, as to
demolish that hope. Therefore I apprehend that
we will be compelled by their action to endure the
contemplation of a multitude of battle-fields yet
to be baptized in the best blood of the land, ar$
to look for the further wholesale slaughter of our
citizens, while we await the salvation, not of the
Union, but of the negro!
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that we may be able to
conquer submission to-the Constitution as it is,
leaving the States all the rights and guarantees
of the original compact; but I have no idea that
we can ever make the South the Slave of the
Northland subject it, in its local government, to
our will and pleasure. Nor do i think we ever
ought to do so. I would not have the northern
States assume toward the South, after all her trea-
son and rebellion, the attitude of England to Ire-
land, Austria to Hungary, or Russia to Poland;
but I would have tiie patriots of our land awake
to the dangers thatbesetour free institutions,and
willingly sacrifice not only life and fortune but
opinions and prejudices and sentiment for the
salvation of the country, i would have them to
labor with one heart and one mind, without ha-
