THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
'"'And seven hundred thousand persons, destitute of
everything, will devour one another.'
" The people had not committed any further depredations,
but they still demanded severe measures against the (Scal-
ers; and we have seen the pnet^t Jacqncs IIoqx exciting
the CouiHiera1, with the view to obtain the insertion of an
artieJe against the forestalled in the constitution. They
aibO inveighed billetly against the stock-jobbers, who, they
said, raised ihp'prices of goods by speculating in assignats,
gold, silver, and foreign paper."
Precisely the complaint here.
64 The popular imagination created monsters, and every-
where discovered inveterate enemies whsre there were
only eager gambleis, profiting by the evii, but not produ-
cing it, and moat certainly not having the power to produce
it.-"
That is just wliat I think is trae in this case.
We are passing this bill to punish people for pro-
ducing ii when they have no possible power to
produce it; they are speculating on a public ca-
lamity without being the cause of it.
" The depreciation of ihe assignats liad a great number
of causes; theii considerable quantity ; the uncertainty of
their pledge, whirh would be swept away if the revolution
were to fail; their companion with specie, which did not
lose itsieality, and with commodities, winch, retaining their
value, lt-fuacd to exchange themselves for a money tlmt had
lost it^ value. In this state of things the capitalists would
not keep their funds in the foim 01 assignats, because under
that form they weie wasting from day to day. At first they
had endeavoied to proem e money; but six vears of annoy-
ance had seated the scllei&and the buyms oi specie. They
had then thought of purchasing commodities, but these ot-
Jercd only a temporaiy employment of capital because they
would not keep long, and n dangerou;? employment because
the rage against loieotdljeis wa^'it it& height. Theysought,
therefore, bet unties m foreign countries. AU tho&e who
had assignats weie enjjcr to buy bills of exchange on Lon-
don, AuHwftidam, llambuig, Geneva, or on any place in
Europe. Toobtiun these loreign values they gave enor-
mous national vaiues, and thus lowered the assignats by
parting with thorn." *******
"Great eagerness"—
I simply-read this to show the resemblance be-
tween those times mid these to some extent—
''Great eagerness was also shown to obtain shares in the
stocks of the financial companies, whieh seemed to be be-
yond ihe reach of the revolution and of the countor-ievo-
iution, and to ollei, moreover, an advantageous employment
of capita!. Those of the Compagmc iPJCscompte were in
high favor, but those of the I£a t India Company were bought
utter with thegn-ate^tavidity,because they ie.<ted,iu some
nieasuc'jon a pledge that could not be laid hold of, eonsi*t-
ing in ships and storehouse-! situated all over the globe. To
no pui po-,0 tlicy had been subjected to a heavy ttaiM'er duty.
The duectois had evaded the law by abolishing the actions,
and making them consist in an entiy m the registers of the
company, whn.h took place without any ioimality."
I might go on, Mr. Piesident, at great length
in urder to show that in like simutions men are
prone, when theyure notcorrectcd by the lessons
of past history, to resort to the like means to get
lid of like evils. 1 have only to say that I think
the moans here proposed are inadequate, and that
we had a great deal better set ourselves to some
method by which, in the language of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, to levy one half the current
expenses of the country from the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate ought to be
very much obliged to my honorable friend from
Pennsylvania for giving us a history, which I
suppose none of us knew any thing about before,
and that was the portion of the history of Franco
which related to thedepreciation of their currency.
I suppose there is no question that gold lias a fixed,
detei initiate value, and that its nominal value may
fluctuate according to the charaetci of the currency
that is brought in.competitton with it. It is use-
less to deny, no peison will be unwise enough tn
deny, that we are in a condition of things in this
country where gold mustnecessauly havea nom-
inal value, if you please to call it so, above that
of our cuuoncy in use. But the honorable Sen-
ator will not deny that, in order to carry on this
war, wo ate under the necessity of resorting to
another kind of currency, and that it must neces-
Barily take its course and have its effect. Its value,
if you please to call it so, must vary according to
our shifting circumstances, and accotding to the
necessities wc are under, and according to the
confidence which the community has in our suc-
cess, in oui ability to pay and in our disposition
to pay. These are pt ineiples which have been
laid down here repeatedly, and not for the fiiht
time here, because they arc tain thai to evei ybody;
but that is not the question. The question before
the Senate is not whether we shall not be obliged
to have recourse to oilier mcasuies. My honor-
able friend has argued this question as if wc did
not design to bring tn a tax bill; as if %\ e did not
design to conquer the enemy if we rould ; as if we
Would rest here and not use all our efforts to ac-
complish the great purposes for which we are
contending.
Sir, the committee of which he is a member,
and the Secretary of the Treasury, place this bill
upon no such ground. The intimation coming
from a member of the Committee on Finance so
eminent as my friend' is, that is implied in his
remarks, is enough of itself to alarm the country
if unexplained. The honorable Secretary states
that he places no great reliance upon tiie per-
manent effect of this bill. My honoiable friend
fiom Ohio, who reported the bill, has said the
same thing, and I have repeated it; and if neither
of us had said a word on the subject it would
have been manifest to the mind of every man in
the Senate who thought upon the subject. "We
support it only because of the possibility, the
probability I will say, that it may have a decided
though not a permanent effect in preventing the
spread of a great evil.
That it is true in point of fact^hat this matter
is influenced by the shifting efforts of men in a
market like that of New York, a single day *s ex-
perience m the city of New York in the stock
market would show, and the honorable Senator
has only to have recourse to it to satisfy himself
on this subject, where it varies from morning to
night, without the slightest change apparently in
the circumstances of the day, some ten or fifteen
per cent, in value. Docs the honorable Senator
undertake to say that in the period of one day,
from morning, when gold was ninety, to night,
when it was seventy-five, confidence in our suc-
cess and in our efforts had inci eased just so much ?
Mr. COWAN. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him whether that fluctuation is
m the price of gold or m the price of our securi-
ties ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is in the price of gold,
the secuiities not varying a farthing the same
day. But the Senator says tins fluctuation in the
pricc of gold is entirely according to the confi-
dence of the community in our ability and integ-
rity, and owing to the circumstances of the coun-
try. I ask hun what there was in the ciicum-
stances of the country yesteiday that should
bring gold down from* ninety m the morning to
seventy-five in the evening?
Mr.COWAN. I will answer that. Gold was
precisely the Name yesteiday morning that it svas
yesteiday afternoon, according to my theory.
It was the public credit winch went up and down
during the day; and which was measured by the
standard of gold; but gold itself lemained the
same.
Mr. FESSKNDEN. .That is precisely the
question. What improved the public credit so
much from morning to night? What was there
between the opening of the money market in the
morning and the closing of it in the evening,
which changed the public crcdit fifteen per cent.?
What change was theto in the cueumstancos of
the country, in the ciedit of the countiy, during
that time to cause that change ? None at all.
But, sir, I did not use to discuss this question,
because tiie committee has placed this bill befoic
the Senate frankly stating us opinions and stat-
ing its belief* that good may result, and that no
harm can come, for nobody can point out any
evil effects that ate likely to follow from it. I
rose to say, wh.it I have had for some tune the
intention of saying, a few words in tegaid to the
complaint tli at exists in the country with reference
to the action of Congress upon these matters.
Why is'it that so much eomplaintexisls? Why
ought any intimation be made, especially by my
honorable fiiend, that we are delaying proper
measures? So far as the Senate is concerned,
everybody who knows any thing about legislation
knows that we have not had the power up to this
moment to act upon a revenue bill. We cannot act
upon uiiu until it is sent to us from the House of
Representatives; and I say not this for the pur-
pose of imputing any blame whatever to that
House upon the subject, because, as I have had
j occasion to say hefoie, 1 know the immense la-
! bor involved in preparing a icvenue bill such as
I has been now lepoited to the House of Rcpre-
! sentatives. If you would take the opinions of
! our newspaper writers, the wise men who edit
I ihem—and I confess that they monopolize among
I themselves the &mn of human wisdom—itisvery
j easy to make a revenue bill of the most involved
• chuiaetcr m about fifteen minutes. Foranybody,
especially for an editor of u newspaper, a man
who happens to belong to that particularly favored
class which, under the dispensation of Provi-
dence, has the power of looking through anything
and everything intuitively, a revenue bill takes
no time, needs no investigation, requires no study,
but is to be made without the slightest trouble,
and to be put upon the country by a single ipse
dixit.
That is not the way to consider the subject. I
think the public press of the'country has not
treated us fairly. I speak of that portion of it
which has complained so bitterly, because it did
not know the immense labor that is necessary,
nor did it know the immense labor that has been
given and the constant and unvaried assiduity wjth
which the members of the Committee o£ Waya
and Means have been struggling to present as soon
as they could a bill which should accomplish
the purposes which we all desire to accomplish.
Everybody knows, as my friend says, that it is
necessary to carry on the war with assiduity, to
devote ourselves to that, to conquer the enemy.
Are we not trying all we can to do it? Is not every
effort being made? If itcannot be accomplished
in an hour, or a week, or a month, are we in the
mean time to omit those minor measures which
may have a slight effect, and perhaps a serious
one, in impeding the difficulties with which we
are laboring to prevent their being rolled upon us
with so much greater force and in so much greater
amount? That is not the way to present a case
of this character to the Senate. If we cannotdo
a great thing to-day, but may do a small one which
will have some effect, shall we omit the small one?
And yet that would seem to be the argument ot
the honorable Senator. If he does not believe
it is of any value, of course that consideration
is enough to influence him; but for those who
believe that it may be, and \fho arc willing lodo
all we can to effcct the pui pose, who, if we cannot
do what we would, will do what we can, let us
pass this bill and tiust the result to expetience.
1 agree perfectly with him that these measuresare
but palliatives, that they can have but a tempo-
rary effect; but shall we omit to produce the tem-
porary icsult which we believe can be produced,
especially m this condition of things? I think
that would be a poor piinciple of action.
Mr. CLARK. For the purpose of calling the
attention of Senators particularly to this bill, I
move to amend the amendment of the committee
by sulking out m the eleventh, twelfth, and
thirteenth lines of the first section the words " by.
the manual deliveiy of United Suites notes or
national currency, and not otherwise."
Mr. COWAN. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will allow me to say u word in re-
sponse to the Senator fiom Maine.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Maine has, to some extent, an-
swered the speech 1 have made, and he has an-
swered, to a very great extent, one which I did
not make. However, i shall waive all advantage
which I might have fiom that. I merely wish '
to say that as I understand the distinct issue be-
tween us, it is this: lie alleges that it is gold that
goes up and down in the maiket of New York
daily; I allege, on the other hand, that it is our
securities that go up and down. Fie asks me
why it is. The best answer i can give him and
the best description I can find anywheie of the
modes by which these gentlemen attempt to affect
the maiket o£ public securities, I find in the same
book which I read before.
" The war 
Mr. FESSiiNDEN. The Senator did not un-
derstand me. It is a matter of entire indifference,
for the purpose of the argument, whether it is
the gold or the securities that vary. His argu-
ment was that ali these outside circumstances
produced no effect on the prices of eiliiei, that
they weie entirely dependent on other things
which he stated. Then my question was to him
in legard to yesterday—I brought it to that—
what wa?? theie in the condition of the countiy
yesteiday to pioduce a vaiuition of fifteen per
cent, during the day to improve the secuiities of
the Government to that extent? tor that was the
result, aceoidims to his aigument.
Mr. COWAN. L am just about to answer,
and I admit again that 1 did say that I believed
these operations do not affect the value of gold
