596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Mileage, would amount to §4,487. I suppose that
in order to entitle a claimant to his mileage and
per diem there should be at least some shadow of
a right on the part of the claimant to the seat
which he seeks. In this instance the applicant
simply presented himself with a certificate madft
'out in the city of Washington, subsequently to
his arrival here, signed by a gentleman who had
"no authority whatever to give such a certificate,
and stamped with his own seal instead of the seal
of the State.
I consider, Mr. Speaker, that it was an outrage
. on the part of the Clerk of the late Blouse of Rep-
resentatives to place on the roll of members the
names of the gentlemen mentioned in that certifi-
cate. The Committee of Elections unanimously
reported against the right of any of these claim-
ants to a seat here. There was not a dissenting
voice in the committee. There was not cvea the
semblance of an election there; no canvassing of
votes, no authority on the part of any one to
cdnvass votes, and no authority on the part of
any one to give a certificate. It was a matter that
was notorious, and which must have been well
known to the, late Clerk of tin: House of Repre-
sentatives, that there was no civil Governor in
Louisiana, that the person claiming that office
was nothing but a bogus Governor, and that he
had no authority whatever to give a certificate of
election. Even on his own showing he had no
rights at all at the time of giving the certificate.
The certificate was issued in November, but he
did not even claim a right to his seat until the
January following.
It strikes me, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that the
claimant here had not the shadow of a right to
his seat, either in lasv or in fact, and that he was
well aware of that when ho presented his claim.
1 do not wish to say anythingdiscourteous to the
gentleman from Louisiana, nor to impeach either
his loyalty or devotion to tlfe Union; but I think
that ins chum could not be substantiated on any
ground whatever.
The names of three gentlemen were given in
this certificate. If one of them had a right to come
here and make a claim, and then get compensation
for making it, we may expect the other two to
come and do the same thing, for each of them
may have a different state of facts on which to
basejfeis claim. To show the House what evil
might arise if we were to admit claimants under
such circumstances I need only allude to the fact
—of winch 1 have no personal knowledge, but of
the corrcclness of which I am assured—that one
of the persons named in that certificate, Mr.
Thomas Cothnan, was one of those who signed
the original ordinance of accession in the State of
Louisiana. If, therefore, wo were to encourage
or to countenance npplicationsnf this kind we can
see what kind of men we might be admitting lo
membership.
I dissent from some of the statementscontained
in the report of the Committee of Elections, cen-
suring somewhat the military authorities of Lou-
isiana. I consider that an unneeessai y and gra-
tuitous censure. I saw nothing whatever in the
action of the military governor of Louisiana to
justify any such condemnation. There was noth-
ing whatever in the state of the law or the facts
there to authorize the holding of an election at that
time. A State may, by herown authorities, abro-
gate her constitution and laws, and still remain in
the Union. She may repeal hcrconstitution and
her code of laws, or may take such action as will
temporarily suspend their operation. The State
of Louisiana did, in effect, by adopting an ordi-
nance of secession, and by being carried away in
this rebellion, abrogate, repeal, or suspend her
constitution and laws, and they are not yet in
operation, further than they may be recognized
by the military power. Before an election ean be
legally held there, there must be some provision
made, there must be some action on the part of
loyal men in that State which will be recognized
by the General Government, in the way of making
an organic law, or adopting such a code of laws
or such a constitution as may be conformable to
the new condition of tilings. The constitution
and laws of a State do not immediately revive on
our occupying their territory by military force
and establishing military government there.
There being, then, no claim of an actual election,
nothing presented here but the certificate of a bo-
gus official, no canvass of votes having been had,
I can see no propriety whatever in voting pay of
any amount to the gentleman from Louisiana. If
there was the least claim on his part he should be
entitled to the full amount, and that amount, as I
have stated, would be between fpur and five thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman why the
Committee of Elections do not embracJUn this
resolution the other gentlemen who came up here
from Louisiana at the commencement of the ses-
sion ?
Mr. UPSON. Their cases were not referred to
the Committee of Elections. There has been but
one case from that Stale submitted for our action.
1 did, however, suggest to the committee that, if
this action were sustained, the others claiming to
have been elected may come hereafter, claiming
a like compensation upon the precedent which it
is here proposed to establish. And there is noth-
ing to prevent men comingup from all theseStates
disorganized by the rebellion, under the election
of a town meeting, or otherwise going through
the form of a contest for a seat, and claiming
compensation at the hands of the House.
I submit, then, that in justice to omselves we
cannot vote to pay this claim, for the claimant has
utterly failed to support his claim by any show
of law or right. If he had not so failed he would
have been entitled to his full pay and mileage as
a member up to the time his case was decided.
But, sir, he has not the vote of any constituency.
1 sec no reason for complaining of the acts of the
military authorities m Louisiana in connection
with this election. There was no color of law for
holding that election, and if there had been there
were no officers known to the law to canvass the
votes.
I submit, therefore, that this claimant came
here with no color of right to a seat, and as such
is entitled to no compensation; while if he had a
reasonable claim for a seat he would be entitled to
full compensation, and I know of no rule by
which the Committee of Elections could compro--
nrnse the rate of compensation to be allowed.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I hope the House will
pass this resolution, I shall not go into a discus-
sion of the question which has been raised by
the gentleman on the other side against it.
1 do know that the claimant for this seat from
the State of Louisiana came here and presented
his case to the House. It was referred to the
Committee of Elections at an early day. They
have but recently made a report. It is true that
the committee were unanimous in their report
against his claim for a seat. But it was question*
able in the minds of many members of the House
whether he was not entitled to a seat upon this
floor. There was certainly sufficient in his appli-
cation to occupy the attention of the committee
for a considerable length of time in their investi-
gation, and to occupy the attention of the House
after the facts were presented for a considerable
length of time.
And it is a question yet whether the loyal por-
tion of the people of Louisiana are notentitled to
a Representative upon this floor. However, this
question has already been passed upon; and I do
not propose at this time to reopen that discussion.
But this applicant has been kept here for two
months, awaiting first the decision of the com-
mittee and then the decision of the House upon
this question.
It does seem to me that in accordance with the
precedents which this House has established here-
tofore this allowance ought to be made. In the
peculiar condition of things in this southern coun-
try, questions of this kind must necessarily arise,
and perhaps some man may be. kept from coming
here to claim a scat in this House who may be
entitled to it because he cannot afford to do it at
his own expense. In their peculiar position such
questions, I repeat, must continually arise, and
although we may have properly denied to this
applicant his right to a seat, yet I ask whether
it is proper to discourage all applicants who may
have been legally elected in those States from
coming here and allowing the House to pass upon
their claims without the necessity of doing it upon
their own expense?
It seems to me from the peculiar circumstances
of this case it is but reasonable to allow the com-
pensation now asked for. I am willing to believe
that the Committee of flections, who have not
only exarniriejj the claim of this geptleman to a
seat, but who have examined his right to com-
pensation, have reported in favor'of allowing this
sum. He came here not as a mere contestant,
without any right to a seat, but he came here rep-
resenting what he conceived to be the right of a
constituency.
Mr. WAS^IBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Chairman, 1 propose to say
a few words in the hour allowed me under the
rules to close this debate. While I do not be-
lieve that Mr. Field was entitled to a seat upon
this floor from the State of Louisiana, yet I be-
lieve that he has come here for a good purpose,
honestly believing that he was entitled to be re-
ceived astheRepresentativeofhispeople. There
was a difference of opinion in that State among
Union men, not as to the result, or the end they
were both working for, or to the means by which
they were to arrive at it. There was nothing be-
fore the committee in the way of testimony or
speeches which did not accord to Mr. Field the
highest devotion to the country from the begin-
ning. Speeches were made the other day upon
this floor,as the House will remember,bearing the
strongest evidence in his behalf to his early ex-
pressed determination to sustain the Federal au-
thority when the Federal troops arrived in the
city of New Orleans.
It is said that there were few votes cast. That
is true. Some were prevented from voting. It
was in evidence before the committee that one
third of the State of Louisiana was under the ju-
risdiction of the federal authority; and it was
also in evidence that at the last session of Con-
gress Representatives from that State presented
themselves and were admitted to seats upon this
floor with a greater or less vote. At this elec-
tion upon which Mr. Field based his claim for a
seat in this House, the people not only voted for
members of Congress, but for municipal officers
and members of the State Legislature. Members
of Congress, judges, and members of the Legis-
lature were all elected at the same time, and those
judges are now sitting upon the bench adjudica-
ting upon the rights and property*? the people of
Louisiana. Not only that, tlie loyal people of the
State of Louisiana have been compelled to pay
into the United States Treasury the sum of from
four to six million dollars. These people, recog-
nized as loyal people, were alone the men who
voted at this election. It was not thought by the
committee that a sufficient number of votes were
cast to entitle the members elected to seats upon
this floor. But it was admitted that those who
did vote were good and loyal men. Now, I put
it whether it is not the duty of members of Con-
gress to pay this claimant under the circum-
stances.
Mr. BOUTWELL, I understand that the usage
has been to pay the contestant where the opinion
is entertained by the House that the claimant had
such ground of contest or claim to a seat as to
leave the inference that heacted honestly and fairly
in presenting himself before the House. In all
those cases, so far as I knosv, pay and mileage
have been granted. If that be so, I ask why the
report of the committee has fixed a specified sum,
and not provided for pay and mileage?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can answer
the gentleman. 1 recollect a case where the seat
of the Delegate from Nebraska was contested by
Mr. Chapman. We then refused to pay him the
whole pay and mileage, and voted him a fixed
sum of $>2,000, when he was entitled to something
like §5,000.
Mr. SMITH. I cannot recollect at this time
of contestants who have been paid. In looking
over the reports of contested-election cases from
various parts of the country I find that the House
has not only paid the whole amount, but it has
paid a fixed sum to those who came here to con-
test the seats of members. In this case there was
an honest purpose on the part of the people of the-!
State of Louisiana to send a Representative here. I
They wanted to be heard. They were and are
a loyal people. They had been subjugated. They
had been oppressed. They had been ground to
the dust; and I believe as firmly as I am here to-
day that there are good and loyal people in every
one of the southern. States to whom we give en-
couragement by our speeches and action here.
