1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1618
one way or the other. • I read from the same book
from which I rend before, page 259:
" The war, and the tear of a ternble revolution, had in-
leiuiptcd ninny commercial operations, and further in-
creased the mW of stagnant capitals that'.veie seeking
s-cciuitiOfr". These capitals^ thus accumulated} were em-
plojed in perpetual speculations at the stock exchange in
Pans, and weiooonvuitcd alternately into gold, silver, mer-
chandise, hills of exchange, companies5 shares, old Gov-
ei nment stocks, &c. Thither resorted, as usual, thobe ad-
Ventuious gamblets who plunge into every kind of hazard,
who speculate on the accidents of commerce, the supply
of ainiies, the good faith of Governments. Placing them-
selves on the watch at the exchange, they made a profit
by all the rises occasioned by the constant fall of the as-
signats. The tall of the a^ignats first began at the ex-
change, with lefeienee lospccie and to all movable values.
It took place afterwards with reference to the commodities,
winch io<e in piioein theshops and in the markets. Com-
modities, however, did not lise so rapidly as specie, because
the markets are at a distance from the exchange, because
they are not so easily affected, and, moreover, because the
deaieis cannot give the word so rapidly to one another as
stock-jobbers assembled in one and the same building. The
difference, pronounced at the exchange, was not felt m
other places nil after a longer or shorter time : thus, when
the five-fianc assignat. was woith no more than two franca
at the exchange, it was pacing for thiee in the markets,
nud the .--lock jobbers had sufficient time for speculating.
Having their capitals quite ready, they piocuted specie be-
foie the rise; as soon as it had risen in compar^on with
assjignatN, they exchanged it for the latter; they had of
eoui.se a gi eater quantity, and, as meichandise had not yet
had tune to rise too, with this greater quantity of assignats
they bought a gi eater quantit) of merchandise, and sold it
again when the balance between them was restored Their
part had con->Ntcd in holding cash on meichandise while
one or the other rose in refeience to the assignat. It was
tlieieloie the constant piolit of the rise of everything m
comparison with the as.signat which they had made, and
it was natural that they should be grudged this profit, in-
vauably loundedon a public calamity. Their speculations
extended to the vaiiation of all kindsof sccuuties, such a*,
foreign paper, companies shaic, &.c. They profited by
all the accident-s that could produce these fluctuations—a
defeat, a motion, a lal?u repent."
There is the complete answer as to those fluc-
tuations which appear in New York daily. They
may arise from the rumor of a defeat; they may
flow out of a motion which is made in the Senate
or in the House of Representatives; they may
arise fi om a thousand accidents; but that the gam-
blers, the speculators, the men who deal in them
have any agency or can exert any power upon
the value of the.se things is that which I deny.
But the honorable Senator says that he does not
care whether it is gold that goes up or paper that
goes down, or vice versa; he does not care in which
commodity the fluctuation is. Then, if the fluc-
tuation be in paper, the gambling should be pro-
hibited in the paper.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not a statement
of the argument I attempted to use.
Mr. COWAN. I say if the fluctuation is in
ihe public credit, if it is m the value of our secu-
rities, .then the bet is on that value, not on the
value of the gold, but on the value of the bond or
the Treasury note or whatever may be the Gov-
ernment currency at the time; and if that be true,
if the gambling is upon the value of that currency,
that should be foi bidden, if anything is to be ef-
fected, because that is the true offense if there is
an offense,in it at all.
One word more, Mr. President. The Senator
says that I reflected on the Senate, reflected on
this Congress generally, because it had not brought
in and perfected and passed a revenue bill.
Mr. FESS.ENDEN. The Senator does not
understand me. I do not think the honorable
Senator would tvflccr upon either or intended to
reflect upon either; but I said or intended to say
that the inference drawn from his remarks would
be to that effect.
Mr. COWAN, t hope not, Mr. President;
and if any man is disposed to make such an in-
ference, I trust what I am about to say now will
correct it. I reflected upon no one. I think I
recognize the difficulties which surround us as
well as any man in this assembly or out of it. 1
think I feel the importance of care and caution
and deliberation in every step we take in ordcrto
extricate ourselves from these difficulties, and I
would not expect to mature and to pass a reve-
nue bill m a day or a week or a month, f have
reflected upon nobody; but I do say this, Mr.
-President, by way of giving my opinions, that
unless we from henceforth go to woik and devote
our energies in both Houses (of course we can
initiate nothing here) m order to do something
hotter than this to sustain the public credit, we
shall find ourselves before a veiy great while in-
vetoed in a calamity fiom which pethaps we may
not be able to extiicate ourselves, and I think it
is time novrto look this danger in the face. When
our dollar is worth but a little over half a dollar,
fifty-six or fifty-seven cents, when we are going J
in debt daily twice as much as we ought to go in i
debt if we could keep our dollar to the proper
standard, I say it is time that every man should
be awake to the dangers which surround us, and
upon the aleit in order to prevent them, and that
all crimination and recrimination and nil reflec-
tion upon anybody and everybody should cease,
and we should go together as men determined to
save our country, shoulder to shoulder, one and
all, and endeavor if we can to surmount these
difficulties before they overwhelm us and before
they become unmanageable on account of their
magnitude in our hands.
Mr. CLARK. The effect of striking out the
words which I propose to strike out of the bill
will be to allow the person purchasing the gold
to make the payment for the gold in any current
funds of the country that the party selling may
be willing to receive. By the provision of the bill
as it now stands a party purchasing gold must
not only have an actual delivery of thegold to him
at the time, but he must make an actual manual
payment for the gold in the national currency or
m the greenbacks of the country. Let me illus-
trate it. I am here in Washington and I want to
go to New York, and I want to purchase some
gold in New York, #10,000 if you please. I have
£10,000 in greenbacks here in Washington. It
is very inconvenient for me to take them to New
York to pay for the gold there. I go to Jay Cooke
& Co., and I deposit with them my $10,000 in
greenbacks. I draw on them for $10,000 at sight,
and ask them to accept it before I depart, and
they do so. I go to New York, and I say to a
broker there, "i want your gold." He replies,
" I will sell it to you at such a price." That is
agreeable to me, and I say, " Here is "a draft on
Jay Cooke & Co.,perfectlygood." "Oh,yes,"
he replies, "but 1 cannot take that; I must have
the greenbacks; the law requires it." And thus
I am put to the necessity of carrying my green-
backs from Washington to New York tocomply
with the law because here is a provision requir-
ing it, which 1 think a very odious and very oner-
ous one.
1 have not been able to agree with the Commit-
tee on Finance on this bill. 1 do not believe, in
the first place, that it will answer the purpose de-
signed. I believe it will be just as futile as your
gold bill the other day, when you proposed to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to sell gold
to bring the puce of gold down, and it went up
five per cent, before night on the very day you
passed the bill. 1 am entirely willing, however,
if the Secretary of the Treasury believes that this
bill will aid him, to give it to him, if it can be
made so that it will not do any mischief; but it
would certainly be a hardship upon the commu-
nity if a bill should be'ptissed with these provis-
ions in it.
In the first place, by the second section of the
bill a man cannot sell you gold if he meets you
in any other than his own or your place of busi-
ness. A gentleman comes here from New York,
if you please, I want some gold. 1 am from
New Hampshirt? and he is from New York. I
ask him, "Will you sell me some gold here?"
" Yes, sir; but the law is directly in the way; I
cannot sell you any gold here; if you will come
with me to New York and go to my office, one
which 1 hire and occupy individually myself, or
in partnership, I can sell it to you." " Well, 1
will sro and deposit my greenbacks before I start.
I do not want to carry them with me as somebody
would be very likely to steal them, and 1 will go
and leave them with Jav Cooke & Co..and take
a certificate of deposit."" " But," he answers,
" that will not do. When you get there 1 will de-
liver you the gold,but you have got by your own
hand, by manual delivery, to give me the national
currency in return." 1 ask what is the design,
what is the benefit of restrict'nga legal and proper
trade in that way, because tin-^e are transactions
in gold that 'ire perfectly proper5 I may want to
go to Europe to-morrow or next week: I want
gold, and it is perfectly legitimatc^and proper tor
me to have the gold; but how am 1 to get it?
Why, in (he way 1 propose. 1 desire that these
words shall be stricken out, so that the gold shall
be paid for in any of the curient funds of the coun-
try that the seller of the gold is willing to take. As
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamex] sug-
gests to me, why not pay in horses, if the seller
is willing to take them, provided the gold is de-
livered down and it is a present actual transac-
tion at the time.
Let me take a familiar illustration. Here is a
party living down by the Astor House, in New
York. He goes up to the Fifth avenue at night
and wants to buy some gold. He finds a person
owning gold who says to him, " 1 will sell it to
you; heie it is." He answers, "There is my
check." The reply is, (*Oh, no; I cannot take
that; that will riot do." " Why not? 1 have got
the money down by the Astor House." I know
it; but I cannot take it; you must bring up your
greenbacks here and lay them down on my desk,
or I can take my half peck of gold and carry it
down there and do it there." What is the use
of irritating legitimate trade in this way? Why
should not a man who has gold to sell or who
wants to buy gold be permitted to take or give a
note in payment if he chooses? Suppose I am
going again to Europe and I want $10,000 in gold.
1 have no greenbacks. I say to a person owning
the gold, "Here, take my note for thirty days
until 1 come back." He replies, "I cannot dot
that; that will not do."
In my judgment, there are in this bill useless re-
strictions. 1 am willing, as I said before, to give
the Secretary of the Treasury every facility that
he can desire. 1 am willing to give him a bill that
shall prevent these time contracts and speculation
in gold, if that is the mischief; but when I do
that I want the provisions of the bill to be so
guarded that it shall not restrict or hamper a proper
dealing in gold. 1 understand that this bill is
drawn by the Secretary of the Treasury. I un-
derstand that he wants to give currency particu-
larly to his greenbacks, or else he wants to make
the purchase of gold hard. One of those two
things must be the object; but I am not yet pre-
pared to say that a man shall pay in nothing
but greenbacks. Suppose he cannot readily lay
his hands upon them. Suppose the transaction
is to be made through the mail or through the
post. If the payment is to be made through the
mail or through the post, how then? You can-
not transmit the greenbacks in that way. I think
you had better, if you choose, pass a bill thai
time contracts shall not be made; and that will
have inconveniences about it. As, for instance,
to illustrate it again, I want to go to Europe a
month hence, and I want to provide for my gold
before I go. I want to know where it is to come
from. 1 say to a man, " Will you have so much
gold ready for me thirty days hence?" " Oh, no,
sir; I am not allowed to do that. If I happen to
have it when you come here to go on board the
steamer, and you are ready to take it, I will sell
it; but otherwise I cannot do it."
It may be that I am all wrong in this matter; it
may be that I am deceived; it may be that there
is a great end in this; but I think I see some evils
in it. If the Senator from Ohio, who has charge of
this bill, can make it so that it will be acceptable
to the people, so that it cannot put any restraint
on the legal and proper trade in this article—be-
cause you must have gold a subject of purchase,
as it is not in circulation, and it' you get it you
must purchase it—I am willing^and shall vote to
give to the Secretary of the Treasury the other
provisions of the bill for the purpose of letting
him try the experiment. I will not take the re-
sponsibility of throwing anything in the way of
the officer of the Government who is charged with
the finances. And here let me say, that I think
the Secretary of the Treasury has managed the
finances of the country'with eminent ability. I-
distrustmy own judgment when I come in conflict
with a measure of his; but still I cannot entirely
forego my judgment. I cannot vote for evils that
1 think a're apparent on the face of the bill be-
cause he desires them; and therefore I desire that
this amendment should be made.
I desire further that the second section should
be stricken out entirely, and that people should
be allowed to trade, if they make an actual
put chase at the time, wherever they happen
to meet and have the means to do so. By the
first section of the bill thegold must be delivered
| at the time the Hade is made. Why, then, is it
1 necessary to say that that trade shall not be made
I except at the place of business of the seller or
i purchaser? If you, sir, meet a man from New
