1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sympathizers have place here? They, in my
judgment, are in the wrong Congress, mid should
follow their illustuous predecessors out. from
these Halls where they, too, invoked the curse of
God on those who stood by their country, to that
other congress of their friends, and we, if need
be, might better add to their mileage the distance
they have stopped short of their journey's end
and pass them on to Richmond. Entertaining
these views I have not hesitated to offer them by
my vote and voice, as I do now, a pass hence
and herefrom, nothing doubting but our country
would be the gainer.
These, sir, are your peace Democrats, who
stay at home to fight, and they represent and
gather to their folds all who claim to support the
Government in this its terrible day of trial, and
yet oppose, denounce, and malign the Adminis-
tration and its every act and measure, knowing
as all must know that weakening and embarrass-
ing the Administration to the same extent par-
alyzes and impairs the Government.
" What would ye have, ye curss,
That like nor peace nor war?"
In favor of war, but opposed to coercion and
subjugation,is of a piece precisely with the pre-
tense of supporting the Gcovernment while op-
posing its measures; each is alike hollow and
insincere, impossible in practice and false in fact,
and amounts to aiding treason. Let none be de-
ceived by it; " it i# but the word of promise to
the ear, and broken to the hope," and so shall
our country fte lost and broken if such counsels
prevail.^ Beginning with James Buchanan, who
first betrayed humanity in Kansas, and then his
country, in the final hour his weakness and treach-
ery had prepared for her, with all others denying
the right of the Government to coerce obedicnce
to the Constitution and laws, and including the
Janus-faced politicians who, pretentiously fierce
for a more vigorous prosecution of the war yet
oppose subjugation—they uphold the cause but
oppose the effectl And only so for war unless
freedom shall take nothing asaconsequence,and
unless slavery shall be maintained by it and held
unimpaired, and unless negroes shall be driven
from our lines; and,greater than all, unless they
are proscribed the privilege of fighting and dying
in the common cause with freemen. All this
conceded, and their conservative general in com-
mand, no other, the peace Democracy, with the
olive-branch and compromise in one hand, and
Democratic platform and submission in the other,
and clothed with shame as with a garment all
white, sir, yes, and pale, for that matter, wili
march forth and change base,fired on by their great
war oracle,-with Cooper Institute fourth of^July
lamentations, and crying, "Peccavi," "I have
sinned>" take up the chant of their erring brothers,
for they know no other music, and straggle on in
their devious way to war, keeping step to and
singing never so sweetly, "Let us alone, let us
alone."
Such men, sir, have plied their vocation afore-
time in this country. In the war of 1812 they
embraced the same opportunity they now do to
vilify and oppose the war Administration of the
day; and hear what Felix Grundy, a Democrat
and supporter of the Administration, in a speech
in Congiess said of them, and the description
holds perfect now as then:
" An individual goes over, joins the tanks of the enemy, *
and raises his arm* against ttie country; he is clearly guilty
of treason under the Constitution, the overt act being cen-
fcumated. Suppose tiie same individual not to go over to
the enemy, hut toiemain in hWown neighborhood, and by
means of In* influence to dissuade ten men iiom enlisting; I
I ask in which.case has he benefited the enemy and iu-
jured the tommy most?
" Whom then do I accuse ? I accuse him, sir, who pro-
fesses himself to be the fuenri of his country and enjoys its
protection, yet piovus himself by his actions to be the friend
of its enemy. I accuse him who sets himself at work sys-
tematically to weaken the arm of this Government by de-
stroying its credit and dampening the arder of its cituens.
Such men I cannot consider friends of this nation."
We are told, Mr. Speaker, of a war Democ-
racy, and such there aie—their name is legion—
good men and true; they arc found in the Union
lanks bearing armsin'support of the Government
and the Administration that wields it. At the
ballot-box, whether at home or in the camp, they
are Union men, and vote as they fight, and hold
little in common with the political leaders of the
Democratic party m or out of this Hall—the
Seymours, the Woods, the Vallandtghams, the
Woodwards, and their indorsers, who hold and
control the Democratic party here, and taint it
with treason, till it is a stench in the nostrils of all
patriotic men. Mr. Speaker, the war Democracy
as yet have no existence as a party that I can
learn outside of the party of the Union, nor need
they; and the great leader of the Democratic party
so affirms, which would not be high authority
with me after his denial of the established fact
that lie would furnish guns to traitors in arms
and would turn over the city of New York to
secession were he not supported in the assertion
by facta. The war Democrats of New York
eould find no place in Democratic State conven-
tions, and left it and the convention, as I am in-
formed, ignoring a war platform, or resolutions
even, sent delegates for the Democratic party to
Chicago, and left the war Democracy out in the
cold.
Sir, it is undeniable that the leaders of this
rebellion in the outset counted confidently and
openly on the support of their time-long friends
and allies politically, the northern Democracy.
Jeff. Davis at the beginning, before the congress
of traitors banded together as the first fruits of
treason, pledged himself that he would hold in
the hollow of his hand all the blood the war should
spill on southern soil, but that the North would
divide in tlieir favor, and the war, if any, would
be there and end there. And from that day to
this they have looked hopefully and anxiously
for allies from the North. So long had they in
the name of Democracy played into each other's
hands by jointaction and success that they might
divide the fruits, the South taking the power and
dictating the policy of the Government, the North
the plunder and profits; and so potent and con-
trolling had party discipline become, and so un-
sctupulous and unprincipled had they themselves
become, that they doubted if any virtue was left
in the land. The question still remains to what
extent they reckon withoutthey-host. The peace
Democracy, and mere party hacks in the North,
are fulfilling their masters' expectations industri-
ously, ujiceasin'gly, and as far as in them lies.
Not even the shouts for victory in these Halls
can divert their southern allies here. A sullen
gloom at the defeat and discomfiture of their
southern brethren settles down on their disastrous
countenances, from which no ray of joy can be
reflected; you might as well extract sunbeams
from a cucumber. No, sir; they even vote solid
here against a law to punish guerrillas.
Sir, in my judgment, many of those who with-
hold from their sountry the support they would
otherwise give it find allegiance to party too
strong for their weak patriotism; and now, as in
times of peace, subordinate every other interest,
even their country's safety, to mere party tram-
mels. Rejecting the example and counsels of
Stanton and Dickinson and Butler and Douglas and
Dix and Holt and Andrew Johnson and Logan
and Rosecrans and Grant and a host of others,
all Democrats of the straitest sect, to forgot all
other ties and cleave only to their country for
their country's sake, and rejecting the overtures
and example of the Republican party to drop and
foigct their party name, that all might unite and
band together for their" country's salvation as
Union men, they turn a deafear and cold shoulder
and sullenly pass by on the othpr side, thanking
God they are not as other men are, and lend, if at
all, a calculating, qualified, and conditional and
halting support, under protest, to their country's
cause; thus justifying the only hope of the rebel-
lion to-day, thatpaity spirit at the, North will
distract its counsels, divide and discourage and
palsy its efforts, and ultimately make way lor the
traitor and the parricide to do their worst.
And here, Mr. Speaker, it is painful to know
and feel that in this crusade of party, warring to
the knife against all who will not bow down anil
worship it, the State of New York, my native
State, has most offended. Iler son, whom she de-
lighted to honor had lie proved true to his great
trust, and directed his grent«nlents and influence
with a single eye to liic welfare and salvation of
his country, and united and wielded the powers
and energies of that great State and hurled it
against us enemies, as it was his gieat privilege,
the very demonstration would have brought trea-
son to its' knees and peace to the country. Sym-
pathizers with traitors in-other States, imitating
his example, would have come over to the side of
their country, and we should have'been united and
strong, and in that strength lie migh t li'ave gone
up to the goal of his ambition, by the cOflsent of
a united and grateful people, to the portico of
your Capitol to pronounce an inaugural of peace
and unity to a now warring and distracted'peopie.
But how shallow are man's devices! Man pro-
poses butGod disposes. Ambition betrayed him'.
Forgetting the claims of his country, anu shrink-
ing into the narrow compass of the wrangling
partisan, when the country waited to hear the
bugle-blast of a great and patriotic leader, he.Ut-
tered forth only the wayward and uncertain
squeakings of a party fife. Calling back those who
would otherwise obey their country's call, and in-
voking the law's delay and constitutional doubts
in aid of the delinquency, he led the van in op-
position. His imitators in other States joined m
and echoed his specious sophistries, and some,
bolder tlian he, reduced them to practice, and
banded together to resist the execution of the
laws he and his kith had taught them to contemn,
and bloody and riotous hostility^o the Govern-
mentfollowed their teachings, till, startled at their
work, he called off his friends and appealed to the
ballot-box against the Government."
The judgment of an outraged and indignant peo-
ple recorded against them by hundreds of thou-
sands sent them reeling and staggering from the
blow back to their lowest beginnings, and some
now "watch andwait"for their country's defeat
" over the border and some not yet waited on
by the people they misrepresent prayfor it here;
whij,e he of New York, heeding the people's re-
buke, again comes puffing up the wind he should
have gone before, and suffers what he can no
longer prevent, the people's edict of elective fran-
chise to our brave soldiers to become a law, op-
posed only by himself and his political friends,
and at last yields even that the willing black man
may fight for his liberty and country, one day
sends forth our gallant militia to the defense of
a sister State, the next denies "theai to the de-
fense of his own against his fourth of July friends
who stay at homo and fight, and the while, as
their orator, devotes his country's birthday to
pestilent poisoning of the public mind, to de-
nouncing his country's efforts to crush the rebel-
lion, to deprecating its patriotism,and predicting
its downfall; an effort as baleful in its influence
at home as it was aiding and comforting to trai-
tors abroad. With a varying and fickle policy
and practice, not unmixed with good, he has ob-
tained and reflected occasional glimmerings of
patriotism, and has received therefor prompt and
merited acknowledgment, and again relapsed.
His whole course relating to this rebellion and
war has been a broken and disjointed thing. The
present pronounces it, as the future will, an op-
portunity for his country's good lost or misem-
ployed, alike damaging to himself, his country,
and his friends; a meager harvest, but such as
misguided ambition always brings to the gar-
ner of its husbandman. These conclusions, sir,
somewhat differ from those expressed by my dis-
tinguished colleague who has so eloquently com-
mended such course and conduct for our approval
here.
But, sir, this is not a time when doubtful men
or measures can be tolerated. The country ex-
pects that every man will do his whole duty, and
will accept nothing less. No people in the course
of time ever had greater reason to feel that " suf-
ficient for the day is the evil thereof" than the
people of this now sorely tried and distracted
country, including all, both North and South,
East and West, for I look upon all as our coun-
try and our countrymen, and bound together by
compact indissoluble except by the same power
and authority that ordained it, the free and full
consent of all/ The present wicked attempt of a
portion .of the people to disrupt and disintegrate
that Union and compact is a violation of the
rights of all and each, and an atrocious attempt to
install might in its place, an insult to all affected,
suicidal in all its ends and consequences, and im-
possible of attainment against the will of a peo-
ple indubitably competent to maintain the right
against all and every assailant. The conflict,in- '
augurated on precisely the terms and for the pur-
pose stated, is sustained with a tenacity of pur-
pose and energy of power and boundlessness of
resources never before witnessed or conceived of;
because such a people, counting by such millions
