18-63.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
quence of the capture of Vicksburg, on the 4th
of July, the reduction of Port Hudson became
"inevitable, and the garrison finally surrendered,
.on the 9th of July, to General Banks, who, for
some weeks, had besieged the place.
This was the last stronghold of resistance to the
national authority on the banks of the Mississippi.
The river being now opened to peaceful com-
mercial pursuits, Rear Admiral Farragut turned
over to Rear Admiral Porter the entire control of
the western waters above New Orleans, and de-
parted himself for" that city. Deeming that his
long service and useful labors of eighteen months
entitled this gallant officer to special considera-
tion, the Department tendered him a respite, which
he accepted, and Commodore H.H. Bell, the next
officer in rank, was appointed to command the
squadron in his absence.
The blockade of the Gulf has been, in the main,
efficient and successful, although reverses at Gal-
veston and Sabine Pass occurred, and, for a time,
reckless adventurers and foreign capitalists to
some extent succeeded, by perverting neutral priv-
ilegesand fraudulently abusing neutral rights on
the Rio Grande, in carrying on illicit trade with
the rebels through Matamoras. The Rio Grande
being the boundary between the United States and
Mexico, is open to the navigation of both coun-
tries, and could nottherefore be blockaded. With
a knowledge of this fact, a multitude of schemes
were projected, and, under the disguise of neutral
trade, Matamoras suddenly became a great com-
mercial mart for the rebels and their friends. But
.the shrewdly devised schemes were soon inter-
rupted with disastrous consequences to most of
those who participated in them, and the occupa-
tion of the Rio Grande and Brownsville has put
a final termination to the lately extensive com-
merce of Matamoras, which is becoming as in-
significant as it was before the rebellion.
MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON.
The Mississippi squadron has been actively
engaged in successful efforts to overcome the
rebels and restore the national ascendency in the
great central valley of the Union.
Rear Admiral Porter, whose activity, energy,
and readiness of resources eminently fitted him
for that command, has exhibited extraordinary
vigor in various naval expeditions on the Missis-
sippi and its tributaries, and in zealous coopera-
tion with the Army in most of its important
operations.
The capture of Arkansas Post, on the White
river, in January, the destruction of the batteries
at Grand Gulf in May, and, in cooperation with
the Army, the reduction of Vicksburg, which
finally surrendered on the 4th of July, are the most
prominent of the remarkable achievements of this
squadron, some of which are marked by incidents
of singular and romantic daring. In the appen-
dix to this report-will be found correct records of
the extraordinary adventures attending the efforts
to get control of the Yazoo by sweeping from its
channel the network of torpedoes, explosive ma-
chines, and connivances for submarine warfare,
near its confluence with the Mississippi. These
efforts were followed by the novel and singular
" Yazoo Pass Expedition," and the expedition
of " Steel's bayou and Deercreek." On the right
bank of the Mississippi scenes of interest were
also enacted by the hardy sailors and boatmen on
the rivers of Arkansas and northern Louisiana.
The Cumberland and the Tennessee have been
actively patrolled by our vigilantand skillful naval
officers, and the exciting chase of Morgan by our
steamers on the Ohio, over a distance of five hun-
dred miles, intercepting him and his band when
attempting to escape, naturally attracted the at-
tention of the country. But the great and im-
portant exploits of this squadron were in the
vicinity of Vicksburg, where the main strength
of the naval as well as of the military forces was
centered. The magnitude of the defenses of this
place, which were intended to repulse any force,
naval or military, or both combined, which could
be brought against them, made the siege formid-
able, and seemed for a time to defy all attempts
at their reduction. In overcoming them, the Navy
necessarily performed a conspicuous and essen-
tial part. For forty-two days, without intermis-
sion, the mortar boats were throwing shells into
all parts of the city, and even into the works be-
yond it. Heavy guns, mounted on scows, com-
manded the important water batteries, and for
fourteen days maintained an incessant iire upon
them. Thirteen heavy guns were landed from the
vessels, and officers and men (where they could
be spared) were sent to man them. The gun-
boats below the city, in cooperation with the
Army, were continually engaged in shelling the
place. During the siege sixteen thousand shells
were thrown from the mortars, gunboats, and
naval batteries upon the city and its defenses be-
fore they capitulated.
The creation and organization of this large
squadron, which has done such effective service
on the Upper Mississippi and its tributaries, ex-
fending over a distance of more than three thou-
sand miles, may be justly considered among the
most wonderful events of the times. It is but
little over two years since we had not a naval
vessel on all these waters, where we now have a
squadron of one hundred vessels, carrying 462
guns, with crews amounting m the aggregate to
about 5,500 men. Kentucky, Tennessee, and
Arkansas, the upper portions of Mississippi and
Louisiana, and the southern portions of those
States which border on the Ohio river on the
horth,have been relieved and liberated through
the instrumentality of the gunboats acting by
themselves, or in earnest and cordial cooperation
with the armies. Rear Admiral Porter has well
sustained the renown which the gallant and la-
mented Foote so nobly earned, and has carried
forwaid to successful results a larger and more
powerful force than was ever at the disposal of
that heroic officer. In creating and organizing
this squadron, and arming and manning the ves-
sels, it must not be forgotten that the service
labored under many and great disadvantages, for
the Government had no navy-yard or establish-
ment of its own on which the Department could
depend. In the absence of any governmental
yards, shops, storehouses, and other necessary
facilities and aids for a naval establishment, and
also of mechanics and woikmen, it became neces-
sary to collect and send out and receive supplies
from some central and secure position. This
work has been performed chiefly at Cairo, under
the superintendence and management of officers
who have devoted themselves to their less con-
spicuous but not less indispensable work with an
assiduity and labor not surpassed even by their
more active associates who are facing the enemy.
POTOMAC FLOTILLA.
Allured by high prices and the prospect of gain,
mercenary adventurers as well as rebels and rebel
sympathizers have continued to carry onto some
extent illicit and contraband traffic between Mary-
land and Virginia, rendering it necessary to main-
tain a considerable force on the Potomac. The
flotilla, under command of Commodore Harwood,
has kept a close watch and guard to intercept
and prevent, as far as possible, communication
with the rebels, and many captures have been
made; but the punishment inflicted on those who
attempt to deal with traitors and furnish them
supplies has been so light, that these petty con-
trabandists, as well as the more open blockade-
runners, have carried on their employment with
some degree of impunity. In one or two in-
stances armed bodies of men have appeared on
the Virginia shore, as if with the intention of mo-
lesting navigation, but they have abruptly fled on
the approach of a gunboat. To guard against pos-
sible contingencies, at the time of the invasion of
Maryland and Pennsylvania, which terminated
in the battle of Gettysburg, vessels were stationed
at what were deemed available points along the
upper wateis of the Chesapeake to cooperate with
the military authorities. A gunboat was sent up
the Susquehanna to Havre-de-Grace, another up
the Gunpowder, a third up the Blackwater, while
one was also posted at Annapolis, and another at
Wilmington.
PACIFIC SQUADRON.
The force in the Pacific remains the same as at
the date of my last annual report, with the addi-
tion of the Saginaw and the Farallones, storeship,
at Acapulco.
Acting Rear Admiral Charles H. Bell continues
in command of the squadron, and hasattended to
our interests in that quarter. The vigilance of
this officer and of Captain Thomas 0. Selfridge,
commandant of the navy-yard at Mare Island,
with the active cooperation of the custom-house
and revenue authorities on our western coast, has
intercepted and suppressed all attempts to fit out
rebel piratical cruisers on the Pacific.
The schooner J. C. Chapman was detected in
the harbor of San Francisco in the month of May
last, and seized by the sloop-of-war Cyane, with
men, armament, and military supplies on board,
evidently intended to prey upon our commerce.
Some indications of a scheme to fit out a rebel
cruiser having been communicated by our consul
at Victoria, Admiral Bell dispatched the Saginaw
to Washington Territory to ascertain the facts,
and, if necpssary,to take prompt measures in re-
gard to them. Although it was ascertained that
some proceedings had taken place sufficient to
give rise to reports of a design to fit out a pirat-
ical crafl under the rebel flag from British waters,
there were no substantial grounds to apprehend
that such a scheme could be carried into effect,
especially in view of the friendly disposition and,
earnest resolve of the colonial authorities to dis-
countenance and proventsuch illegal proceedings.
The Sagina,w, therefore, returned to San-Fran-
cisco from a satisfactory mission to the northwest
coast. The vessels of this squadron have during
the year visited the principal ports on the Pacific
coast, and by their presence strengthened our dip-
lomatic and consular representatives, and impart-
ed a feeling of security to American citizens and
American interests wherever they have appeared.
VESSELS IN THE EAST INDIES.
In the East India and China seas the James-
town and the Wyoming have guarded American
interests during the past year, and, with the ex-
ception of a disturbance which it is to be regretted
occurred at Japan, all has remained quiet in that
region. In the month of July, while the Wyo-
ming was at Yokohama, information was received
that the American steamer Pembroke had been
fired upon by Japanese vessels. Commander
McDougal immediately proceeded to the locality
of the outrage, where he was fired upon from six
land batteries, and a naval force consisting of a
steamer, a bark, and a brig. An action of one hour
followed, in which it is stated that the steamer of
the enemy was blown up, the bark sunk, and the
brig made a complete wreck in her upper works,
while considerable damage was done to the land
batteries. The Wyoming withdrew after thu«
vindicating the honor of the American flag, hav-
ing sustained a loss of eleven killed and wounded.
THE NAYAL FORCE.
I have mentioned in former reports that the na-
val force at the commencement of this Adminis-
tration consisted of 76 vessels, and of these only
42 were in commission. The additions which
have since been made have elevated the country
into a first-class naval Power. In the following
table an exhibit is presented of the actual number
and description of our naval vessels at the date
of my last report and at the present time:
Comparative exhibit of the Navy, December, 1862 and 1863.
No. of
vessels.
No. of
guns.
Tonnage.
Navy at date of present report-
Navy utdate of last report 
Increase, exclusive of those
588
4*27
4,443
a,268
467.967
340^036
161
1,175
127,931
Vesseh of the Navy lost since December, 1862.
In what manner lost.
No. of
vessels.
No. of
guns.
Tonnage.
Destroyed to prevent failing
into hands of rebels 
Sunk in battle or by torpedoes
Shipwreck,fire, and collision.
32
3
4
13
48
20
28
61
5,947
2,*)I
4,854
32
166
15,985
