THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
and possessing such yast material arid domain,
such wealth of attributes,and, above all and more
than all,each sovereign and equal and free, never
before challenged comparison of an observant
world. The judgment of the world already at-
tests these truths. Nations who should be our
brothers, though denying their fraternity with
ill-concealed envy and enmity, evince their pru-
dence and discretion by confining themselves to
covert injuries and diplomatic evasions of duty in
our case, who are not wanting in promptness of
execution or over-exact in measures, in cases
squaring with their interests or inclinations touch-
ing less formidable Powers. As to them " suffi-
cient for the day being the evil thereof," we bide
Our time, treading firmly and protesting plainly,
and expecting ultimately voluntary justice, or
otherwise exacting it. But, sir, as my lime will not
permit, 1 come to the measures and means I deem
necessary to the putting down of this rebellion.
Men abound, men ready to stake their life and
devote their life to its overthrow, and as their
mission is fulfilled others are ready and prompt
to take their places.
" It is as though the earth again
tircw quick with (iod's inspiring lireath,
And from the vales and glade and gleu
Rise ranks onion-hearted men,
To battle to the death."
Sir, the sinews of war must also be forthcom-
ing; and here and now it behooves us of this
Congress to act well our part. Knowing and
feeling the justice of their cause, the poor will
contribute uncomplainingly, the rich lavishly.
But the people will rigidly demand of us that
their burdens be made equal. Legislators in-an
American Congress mustever remember that they
are acting as the servants of a people wise and
sagacious as themselves. Hence,foreseeing the
necessity, their voice in nodoubtfulaccents comes
to us demanding taxation sufficient to meet the
emergency—sufficient to fill their magazines,
clothe ami feed and supply their armies, pay the
soldiers, nnff pay tlieni liberally, pension the disa-
bled and the widows of this war, uphold the pub-
lic credit, pay the public debt, and maintam their
Government; and this should he done, and so
done as to disturb as Utile as possible ihe estab-
lished course of trade, business,and production,
and to that result I must and shall, according to
my best judgment, contribute. 1 have not hesi-
tated nor shall I hesitate to lay n generous tax
upon the profitable business ur\d manufactures
and accumulated wealth and means of the coun-
try where it will be least felt and most produc-
tive, and will add in passing that the true interest
of those that have will be best promoted by
cheerfully parting with a portion and thereby
funranty and secure and save the residue. A
epreciated and inflated currency unsettles all val-
ues, enhances prices, and we, in fact, are poorer
in proportion to its abundance. "We shall be
wanting in our duty if we fail to provide against
such calamity by looking the danger square in the
face. Passing it by to a more convenient season
is only daubing with untempered mortar and tri-
fling away opportunity.
Mr. Speaker, intimately connected with our
duty to lay necessary taxes is the kindred duty
of protection and ample and sure and permanent
protection to our home labor, home manufacture,
and domestic productions—our great and main
. reliance against bankruptcy and ruin. Free
trade, always a humbug, imposed on us by an
institution and interest in antagonism with free
arid remunerated labor,in our present condition
would be a blunder little short of criminal.
Though the revenue tlieieby would to that ex-
tent seem convenient, yet to drain ourselves of all
our gold m exchange for the various importa-
tions of the products of foreign labor at the ex-
pense of our own, at the extravagant rate now
and lately imluged m, will inevitably snfk us in
bankruptcy too deep for our great Secretary, un-
rivaled .financier as he is, to extricate us. Our
debt, staggering as it is, we can yet carry and
pay if we keep it wheie it is and should remain,
at home. Here'is our weak side; and our good-
faith-keeping, neutrality-observing con us will
strike us here a blow more damaging and disas-
trous than all their pirate craft of all their Lairds
and Commons. Sir, let us encourage and protect
and make prosperous our home manufactures and
productions, ar,d then we can meetand face down
taxation. This duty of protection is well illus-
trated and made manifest by the article of wool.
The total amount of foreign wool imported into
the United States during the fiscal year ending
June 30,1863, was 71,882,123 pounds.
Pounds.
Of this under 18 cents per pound ...61,572,584
Of this from 18 to 24 cents per pound  7,214,582
Of this above 24 cents per pound.....  1.114,904
Free of duty from Canada  1,980,053
Total.
..71,882,123
The above eighteen cent wool and under by for-
eign valuation paid a duty of three fourths of a
cent per pound. Of the second class, eighteen to
twenty-four cents, three cents per-pound; and the
third class, valued above twenty-four cents per
pound, a duty of nine cents per pound. The sup-
position that the wool entered under our present
tarilTlaw, valued at eighteen centsand under,would '
only be that used for coarse cloths, carpets, &c.,
and would not come in competition with wool
produced in our own country, has proved falla-
cious; the fact being that seven eighths of the whole
importations were invoiced and paid a duty of
only three fouiths of a cent per pound,and came
in dircct-competition with nearly ail our wool of
domestic production, thus defrauding the Gov-
ernment of millions of revenue and driving our
wool out of market. -Need anything further be
said showing the utter absurdity of a system of
foreign valuations as a basis for either protection
or revenue? In my judgment, so long as it is fol-
lowed all your legislation will fail of its object.
Sir, 1 wait to hear and challenge answer why it
is that we still adhere to a policy that commits
our most vital interests to the tender* mercy of
foreigners. Wc are systematically defrauded by
it, and we are materially impoverished by it.
But, sir, the policy will be vigorously insisted on
in this Hall. All who look if not pray for the
dismembermentof this country and a repudiation
of Us debts, with all who find no wauant in the
Constitution for self-protection, self-preservation,
ur self-existence, may well and'consistently do
so, and will do so; and theirprole.ssionsand prac-
tice will therein be consistent. As to others I
pause for a reason and a reply.
'The same necessity exists for a change of pol-
icy and protection of our great iron interest. Our
country, so rich in all the productions of its sur-
face, contains in its bosom minerals and mines of
wealth exhaustless and undeveloped. Friendly
legislation on our part, stimulating enterprise and
discovery, and rewarding labot'and production
and manufacture in that direction, will keep more
gold in our depleting Treasury than ail the gold
bills of all the sorcerers, than all the devices of
all the theorists. Sir, whatsoever profitably em-
ploys a nation enriches it, and whosoever keep
what they gather have abundance to spare. H is
scattering abroad that leaves nothing in hand
with nations as with individuals; and,above all,
temporary and time-serving expedients and mere
soothing and not saving remedies are out of place
in times like these, when the nation is taxed and
tried to its utmost.
Sir, the policy that covets revenue through en-
couragement of foreign'importations is a cheat
and a delusion; it pays us a portion for the priv-
ilege of taking our all; and in accepting the tem-
porary expedient we plunge into the very gulf
of bankruptcy from which we shrink.
Sir, the cry from abroad is, " Who will buy ?"
And how answered, 1 shall presently show. We
.buy all and sell nothing, mainly, but ourselves.
As in wool, we go abroad to gather and return
shorn, and, our treasure exhausted without pay-
ment, we stand, like the lamb, dumb before our
shearers. That this is not an overdrawn state-
ment, I read the followingstatement,furnished me
by the Treasury Department, which exhibits the
value of the goods, wares, and merchandise im-
ported and exported during the months of Jan-
uary, February, and March, 1864, at the port of
JNew York: *
ftnpoits.
Specie and bullion  $334,387
Froe goods (exclusive of specie)  2,717,687
Dutiable goods (entered for consumption)  44,037.644
" <• (warehoused)  17/204,742
Total $64,J38,450
Ifoports.
Specie and bullion $10,275,005
Foreign goods, dutiable  1,720,937
« free  102,617
Domestic merchandise  39,515,222
Total $51,004.761
Amount of goods withdrawn from warehouse,
$15,451,081: to which I add a statement of busi-
ness in the district of Champlain during the eleven
months ending November 30, 1863:
Value. Duties.
Dutiable imports entered, duty
paid  $68,866 46 $20,869 54
Dutiable iinpoits entered, ware-
housed    385,148 00 244,955 43
Free goods entered 3,814,474 00 None.
Goods exported from warehouse. 611,284 00 267,308 07
Domestic exports $876,413 00
Foreign exports dutiable  116,870 00
Foreign exports free  27^749 00
Amount received for fees  3,740 40
Amount received for tonnage duty  4,168 2t
Amount received for M. II. Money  487 30
Specie impoited     4,108,652 50
Specie exported 2,534,509 50
These figures are stubborn things, and bring
clearly to light the vortex of inevitable bank-
ruptcy into which we are heedlessly rushing.
These enormous balances must be canceled by
gold; and when done is it any longer a question
where our gold goes to, and has gone to ? And is
this the way to replenish either our public orpri-
vate eofEers, and be able to metet the expenses of
this war and furnish its sinews ? Sir, let us lay a
heavy hand on foreign luxuries, discouraging
their purchase, that we may retain their price
in aid of our terrible struggle for self-existence;
and, above all, let us lay high and protecting du-
ties on all the great leading articles of foreign pro-
duction that compete with our own, and make it
sure by specific duties and home valuation. But,
sir, that free list—who is the father of that enor-
mity?—that balance of nearly four million dollars
is emptied upon us from the province of what was
once called "perfidious Albion V nearest our bor-
der; (if it has lately earned a more gracious title
at our hands, let another assert it, and not 1;) and
that balance is the fruit of the reciprocity treaty,
bringing to the very doors of our farmers, lumber-
men,and producers, rival foreign commodities to
undersell them; yes, sir, subjecting them all and
all their productions to foreign valuation. Sir, it
denies us the privilege of our own market even,
and without the slightest equivalent to our Treas-
ury, or othcrwiso, stalks in upon us, and bears
down and bears away our substance remorse-
lessly. And whether this shall continue depends
upon no accident, but upon whether we are true
or recreant to our duty. Let the notice go forth
terminating this flagrant evil, and we shall thereby
also make some amends to our Treasury.
Mr. Speaker, while considering the methods
which will best enable us to -maintain ourselves
and our Government, wc arc admonished that our
monetary system is radically defective; that the
power to issue currency as a circulating medium
without limit should be restrained; and that when
issued it should be on the same basis and of equal
value throughout the United States; and that to
effect this it should be all brought under one gen-
eral law and under the control of the General
Government, and n t subject to the varyingmoods
of State legislation. Urged, as these considera-
tions are, by the powerful reasoning and confi-
dent opinion of the Secretaryof the Treasury, who
in my judgment stands second to no man in the
nation m wisdom and ability in that Department,
and who, if he shall carry us through the finan-
cial difficulties that environ us, successfully, will
be acknowledged by all as a chief instrument in
working out our salvation, i yield my assent to
them. To the methods proposed to reach that result
I find itmore difficultto agree. This Government
must look for its support and find it in the volun-
tary choice and action of the people. Any project
that on its face manifestly tends to prejudice.any
vested right or interest of the people, they will
reject and contemn, and it must therefore fail.
Now it is urged that in order to make way for the
proposed national banking'system onerous and
unequal burdens must be imposed upon the State
banks now in existence; that they must he driven
into the fold or out of existence. In this I differ.
1 would offer inducements rather. Make the way
easy and beneficial for them to come voluntarily
into the general national scheme, and you shall
