16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December *1,
38th Cons. ... 1st Sess.
Beport of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Vessels placed under construction since December, 186*2.
Description.
Double-eud iron
steamers.... 
Single turret iron-
clads 
Double* turret iron-
clads  ..
Clipper screw-
sloopg 
Screw-sloops, spar
deck.............
Screw-sloops of
great speed....
Screw-sloops of
great speed...
Total..
Tons
each.
1,030
614
3,130
9.200
2,200
3,200
3,000
No. of
vessels.
7
20
4
12
8
5
2
58
No. of
guns.
84
40
16
96
1GO
40
16
452
Tonnage.
7,210
12,280
12,520
28,400
17,600
16,000
6,000
98,010
General exhibit of the Navy when the vessels under con-
struction arc completed.
No. of
vessels.
No. of
guns.
Tonnage.
Iron-clad steamers, coast ser-
46
2'J
203
m
m
150
152
1,210
1,578
1,323
62,518
20,761
126.5J7
187.892
70;25G
Xron-clud steamers, inJiind
Side-wheel steamera*.  
58ft
4,4-13
4G7,9G7
There have been added to the Navy during the
past year, by purchase, some thirty tugs, over
fifty steamers for blockading and supply purposes,
ant! over twenty other vessels for tenders and store-
ships. At least twenty of the steamers were cap-
tured in endeavoring to violate the blockade.
IMPROVEMENTS IN NAVAL VKSSKLS.
Upon the assumption that the United States
are to occupy a leading position anions: maritime
nations, a primary object with the Government
must be the maintenance of a naval force adequate
for defense against all foreign aggression. The
thorough transformation which lias taken place
in the character of naval warfare is the result of
a change not less complete in the character and
structure of naval vessels. The sailing ships-of-
war, whose construction had been brought almost
to perfection, were supeiseded first by paddle-
wheel steamers, and theym turn have given place
to vessels propelled by submerged screws. Steam-
era, however, are 1 table to disaster m battle from
which sailing vessels are exempt. A single
chance shot may totally disable the most powerful
steamer; and this exposure, rendering vessels of
this class unsafe and dangerous, has led to precau-
tions and safeguards for their protection in the
form of iron armature, by which a fust clans man-
of-war is made invulnerable to the ordnance form-
erly used in naval warfare. But this new form of
defense has developed with it a corresponding
improvement in the form and force of attack; and
thus the proper naval armament of the present
day, consisting of ordnance of a caliber, leach,
and power heretofore reguided as impossible, has
become as novel and experimental as the new
naval structures and defenses which it is intended
to assail These successive changes, introducing
into naval war vessels powerful machinery to in-
surespeed, armature for lis protection, and heavy
ordnance for assault, have led to a necessary con-
stant increase in the size of our ships, until the
attainment of sufficient dimensions for a first-rate
man-of-war steamer, properly aimored, and with
.-suitablearmament and room forsupplios, requires
proportions which at first view seom enormous.
Yet without such greatly augmented size, the
essentials of invulnerability, speed, heavy arma-
ment, and space for the necessary supplies for
cruising operations, cannot all be secured.
In the responsible task of applying to naval
vessels and naval armament the principles which
modern invention and improvement have devel-
oped, the Department has been compelled to pur-
sue a path hitherto, to a great extent, unexplored.
The Monitor class of armored ships, with revolv-
ing turrets and few guns of heavy caliber, has
proved itself to be well adapted for harbor de-
fense and coast service, and in some emergencies
these vessels, from their great powers of endur-
ance, have shown themselves to be efficient and
serviceable in offensive operations. This form
and description of vessel, which originated in the
inventive genius of Captain John Ericsson, will
perform not only all that should be expected of
them to make our harbors secure, but, when of
enlarged capacity, may supersede ships of higher
pretensions. To maintain our rightful maritime
position, and for predominance upon the ocean,
vessels of greater size than any turreted vessel
yet completed may be essential. Not only must
they carry guns of a heavier caliber than have
heretofore been used at sea, but, in order to make
long cruises and to cope successfully with any
force, these vessels must have all possible strength,
endurance, and speed. Their structure must,
therefore, afford space enough for full sailing
power, and for the most powerful steam machin-
ery, and the large supplies of fuel needed to keep
it at work. Being, unlike the other great mari-
time nations, without distant colonies, where coal
depots can be established on the shore of almost
every sea, we must conform to the necessities of
our condition, and build ships with capacity
enough to take on board fuel sufficient for a long
cruise. The space for other supplies, for muni-
tions of war, and for the accommodation of offi-
cers and crews, should also be ample, and, in ad-
dition to this, each of these vessels must, in order
to accomplish its work, present in its construc-.
tion, armor, armament, and propulsion, all the
power that the resources of modem invention and
mechanical science and art can furnish for attack,
resistance, and pursuit. A vessel of this descrip-
tion must, of course, cost a laige price. But then
a wise statesmanship will not fad to perceive that
the possession of even a very few such uncon-
querable ships must, while vastly augmenting the
force and renown of our Navy, afford us, at the
same time, mi inestimable guaiantee of peace with
foreign nations; nor, in counting the costof such
floating structures, can we forget that, large as
that cost may be, it yet sinks into insignificance
in contrast with the expenditures and sacrifices of
a single year or even a month of foieign war.
In onler that we may have at our command a
navy which shall fulfill these unexampled and ex-
acting conditions of efficiency, a commensurate
public establishment for its construction and prep-
aration is indispensable. A navy-yard on a large
scale, and, in many lespects, of anew plan, amply
furnished with all the proper facilities and aids for
its operations, where machinery for steamers can
be manufactured, iron vessels constructed, iron
armature made and tested, and repairs of every
description executed, is an absolute necessity. In
view of these facts,! had the honor,on successive
occasions, to urge this matter upon the attention
of the last Congress; and the omission of that
body to take even the preliminary measures to-
wards the procurement and formation of such an
establishment is a misfortune which the country
is now made to feel.
The nature of the service to which our naval
vessels have been subjected by long and continuous
blockade, their exposure during all weathers and
reasons, the necessity of keeping them under con-
stant steam or their fires banked ready for any
emergency, have put them to severe tests. Of
course ail vessels must at times be withdrawn for
lepair and refitment, and steamers subject to such
hard usage must often be seriously damaged.
Week's and sometimes months have been required
for the renovation or restoration of their engines
and machinery. Such delay has been still further
protracted by the inability of our public yards and
shops to execute the work, and the Department,
depending in a great degree on private industry,
has been in a constant struggle to dispatch the
steamers sent in for repairs. The limited facilities
for manufacturing and repairing steam machinery
at the public navy-yards render them totally in-
adequate to meet a moiety of the demands made
upon them. Even with the aitfof private estab-
lishments, no inconsiderable portion of our naval
force is waiting, unemployed, and detained from
active service, to the injury of the country. As
an instance of the delay attending the repair of
our ships, and the insufficiency of our public works
to meet our wants, it may be mentioned that the
steam frigate Niagara, ordered to Boston for re-
pair and refitment, was detained fourteen months
for its completion. I again, therefore, most
earnestly invoke the attention of Congress to the
manifest and inauspicious fact that our Govern-
ment has made no sufficient provision in its public
establishments for the existing requirements of
naval warfare. So long as our ships-of-war were
to be built of wood and propelled by sails, our
facilities for their construction were ample and
complete. At former periods the Government, in
view of its then present and prospective wants for
naval purposes, incurred large expense in estab-
lishing dock-yards and otherwise providing for
the service, but new defenses and armament,
vessels of iron, new motive power, and different
material in their structure, require new dock-yards
and workshops; the introduction of steam, the
submerged propeller, the iron vessel, the armored
ship, call for a different description of artisans,
as well as different materials and workmanship.
Our country is better prepared for this change
than almost any other maritime nation, for we
have but few sailing vessels of the large class, and
these few to which steam cannot be applied may
be used to advantage for other than fighting pur-
poses; one of them, the Vermont, has been fitted
and used as a storeship, and the New Hampshire,
formerly the Alabama, a ship of the line, is being
prepared for a similar purpose. They are each
available and useful for tins object, are adapted to
it in every respect, and can be made capable of
defense against attack. But for cruising and the
objects held in view in their construction, these .
magnificent specimens of the old naval architec-
ture and of the skill of our mechanics, although
in their day they elevated the naval dignity and
attested the power of the Republic, have now be-
come comparatively useless.
The strength and durability of wooden vessels
are in some respects inferior to those made of
iron, and consequently they are less capable of
sustaining the heavicstarmament, and when they
are plated with iron the disparity is increased.
Consequently large ships-of-war, by which mar-
itime supremacy is to be achieved and maintained,
will, in all probability, be ultimately constructed
chiefly of iron. The comparative advantages and
disadvantages of iron and wood as the material to
be used in (he construction of vessels are obvious
and practical. Among the considerations in favor
of iron-clad vessels with hulls of wood, are the
rapidity with which they can be built, the abund-
ance of material on our whole coast, and the
facility with which workmen can be procured.
Such vessels, moreover, can be coppered, and
thereby retain their speed for a longer period.
They will be less affected by a solid shot below
the armature or plating, and the fracture made
by theshotcan be moreeasilymended. The dis-
aavantagcsof wooden vesselsare,wantofstrength,
as compared with those of iron structure, and the
more rapid decay of the material, particularly
when covered with iron plating; theaction of the
immersed iron armor on the copper sheathing near
it, causing the copper to become foul and the im-
mersed armor plates to waste; the difficulty of
keeping the vessels tight under the armor plates,
and the probably greater damage to which they
are exposed from shells. On the other hand, the
greater strength of iron permits the construction
of ships of greater size and finer lines; and having
greater internal capacity, they can be at any time
inspected m all their parts, are safe from fire, and
are better protected fiom gteat leaks, as they can
have water-tightcompartments; their repaiis can
genoialiy be more easily made, and, from their
great durability, they are probably in the end not
more costly. An iron vessel, moreover, can be
taken from the water and placed on land for pres-
ervation, winch cannot bedone with wooden ves-
sels. The disadvantages of iron vessels are, the
serious local weakness of the thin platescompos-
ing the bottom of an iron ship; the danger that
would result fiom getlingon rocks or submerged
obstructions; their liability to rapidly become foul
in salt water, whereby thcirapeed becomes greatly
impaired, thus recpining to be frequently (locked
for cleaning; thegreat danger fiomashot striking
below the armor plating as they roll; the injury
caused by the splinters of iron when the plates are
