600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
t-ueky is tnclu^Hil in the subject on which you
are now legislating. It is owned principally by
women and children, and hero is a proposition to
takeitaway from them. For what? Because we
have not furnished,our quota with the balance of
the States? No, sir; that is not the case, because
you have not given us an opportunity. To do
this at this time would show that you have an-
other motive than to fill the Army of the United
States. I put it to the conscience of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] whether he
would vote for a proposition of that character?
Mr. KELLEY. 1 will answer the gentleman.
Mr. CLAY. I cannot yield. I want the House
to know the magnitude of this subject. We feel
that private property cannot be taken for public
use without just compensation. We do not deny
that it can be taken. You might as well tell me
that you have a right to burn a house in the State
of Maine, while the army of the enemy is down
in Tennessee, and call it a matter of military ne-
cessity. Now I am opposed to this whole tiling.
1 am opposed to establishing a recruiting office in
my own State. Why? Because it would demor-
alize that whole population. It will create acivil
war among us. It will lead one neighbor to shoot-
ing another neighbor; and it will result in com-
pelling the Union men to leave the State. What
is the necessity of doing this thing? It will crush
out the Union sentiment which is growing up
there, and will embrace in its effects the popula-
tion of the ad jacent States. You are in danger of
creating a state of, feeling which you will never
see ended in this country.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to commend to the
gentleman from Kentucky—I mean the one who
bears the name most honored in that State, [Mr
Clay]—the philosophy of Macbeth. We are in
the midst of emancipation,
" Slept In so far, that, should we wade no more,
Returning were as tedious as go o'er."
t Suppose that slavery; is the defensible institu-
tion Us friends claim it to be; suppose further
that it is a beneficial institution, there will come
a time, perhaps, in the progress of the pressure
for emancipation by a large portion of the Amer-
ican people when it becomes those most inter-
ested in negro ownership to consider whether res-
toration is not more difficult, more expensive,
and more dangerous even, than final abolition.
2 subniitthat that time has come already. If ab-
olition was madness at one time it may be gtfod
sense and sanity at another. Sometimes it is
wisdom to pursue a path upon whose unknown
and threatening dangers it were folly to enter.
And this may be one of these. We are near the
muldle of the stream: which shore is nearestand
safest?
I have always understood, sir, that with the
slaveholders, themselves being judges, there were
two conditions to the existence of slavery on this
continent; non-instruction to the slave; non-dis-
cussion by the white man in localities where it
exists. These are acknowledged to be the two
safeguards of slavery by the statutes of almost
every slave State, where ignorance is commanded
to the slave and silence to the white man by pen-
alties which seem to us at. the. North to be un-
necessarily severe. If anywhere the law was at
fault the mob supplied the deficiency.
I do not mention these things to complain of
them, but only as an evidence of the depth and
sincerity of thecon vietion of the slaveholders that
these two conditions are necessary to the safety
and prosperity of the institution. Those safe-
guards have been wonderfully broken down by
the necessities of the war. Commencing with the
District of Columbia, following around the east-
ern and .southern coast, up the Mississippi, and
all along the northern borders, slavery is sur-
rounded by a cordon of missionary schools for
the black man. In those schools the slaves of all
ages are taught, not only what can be learned
from books and charts, but also that they are and I
of right ought to be free, made so by the laws of j
God and die President's proclamation, and that I
it is a duty they owe to God and the President
to maintain that freedom. I am not now speak-
ing to justify or condemn those schools. Cail it
fanaticism if you like; 1 speak only of the fact.
But there is more—something worse or bettor,
as you please—one hundred thousand of those
slaves are in the Union Aimy, and one hundred
thousand more will be there by spring. The
Army is*a great school in which to learn and to
unlearn—to unlearn submission and docility to
their masters, and to learn the value of freedom
and the power of association and organization to
defend it.
When God shall please again to bless the land
with peace, shall the negro lay aside his military
belt $nd resume the master's collar? If the coun-
try would allow it the master would not. He
would as soon introduce to his plantation a per-
son charged with some fatal infection as his for-
mer slave filled with anti-slavery ideas and mili-
tary skill. He might court hisindustry,but not
his demoralized wilt.
But the other safeguard of slavery, the silence
of the white man, is broken also. Discussion has
opened in all the border States, and can never
again be hushed.
[PIere the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I move to amend
by striking out the last word. I desire to call at-
tention to the fact that while we are here discuss-
ing a measure clearly and palpably in violation
of the Constitution of the United States, oppress-
ive and destructive, the confederate house of rep-
resentatives is probably this very day discussing
measures of peace, reunion, and conciliation.
I repeat that while we are preparing to violate
the Constitution—a Constitution which recog-
nizes slavery, which even recognized the slave
trade for twenty years—while the Congress of the
United States is preparing by its measures for en-
tire and inevitable disunion, the people of the
southern States in congress assembled by their
representatives are extending the olive-branch of
peace 
Mr. SMITH. I desire merely to ask the gen-
tleman 
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. 1 cannot yield. I
have risen especially for the purpose of calling the
attention of the committee, of the House, and of
the country, that there is now pending in the
house of representatives of the confederate gov-
ernment a proposition for peace, and is being de-
bated in secret session at this time.
I read from the Richmond Examiner of Feb-
ruary 8, three days since:
"The following extraordinary resolutions were yester-
day introduced in tlie house of representatives by Mr.
Wright, of Georgia. The house went into seciet session
befme taking any action upon them:
" Win rcti* the PioMd<nt of the United State4?, in a
late public onmnfunication, did declare that no proposi-
uons lor peace had been made to that Government by the
confedeiate sstaten, whet). In tnith, such pioposinons we to
pievcntod from bourn miulo by the l'resuloni of the United
States, in that he telnsed to hear, or even to receive, two
eoimnLssionejs appointed to treat expressly of the preser-
vation <>f amicable rH.inons between the two Govern-
ments. Neveithelessjthai the confederate States may stand
juMitted in the Mc;ht ot the conservative men of the North
ol all paiites, and that the worW may know which of the
two Government,s it h that nice* on a war unpaiallelod lor
the fteicem'ss of the conflict, ami intcnnifyimr into a sec-
tional hatred unsui passed in the annuls of mankind: There-
foie,
>' F'aolinl, That the confedeiate Slates invite the Uni-
te<l. States, through then Government at Washington, to
inert them by lepieHMiUilives eqtuil to then icpicsenta-
tive- and -emuoj-. in riieir ie-peeuvi; emigres*, :ti ■—■ ,
on the day of ne\t, to eon -ider. M. Whethei
they cannot ngi ee upon the I eeogmtion of the eonledeiat'/
Si.Ue> of Ann i km. 5id. in tie: ev< nt of mk h iccognition
\\ heiher they cannot aizree upon the foimaiion of a new
Government, founded upon the equality and sovereignly
ol She Slaies ; imi jf {his cannot be done, to conndei j Jd.
Whethei tbe\ can not agree upon treaties offensive, defens-
ive, and eommeieiai.
uIlcsolrrJ, hi the event of tile parage of these lcsohi-
tioiis, ih<- Piesident be requested torommumoate the same
to the Government at Wa-innyton in Mich manner as tie
-hall deem most in aecoidaner with the n-ages of nation?-;
and m the event of then acceptance by that Government,
he do i~r ii'' hi" proclamation ol election In delegated, under
vsueh regulations as he may deem expedient."
In these resolutions may be found the basis of
negotiations leading to reunion under the Con-
stitutio n.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this is a Government of
white men, made by white men, for the purpose
of preserving law and order, and preserving the
liberties of the people, and for the protection of
the States and of the white people thereof, and
yet it is proposed by this bill to disregard each of
these provisions and requisites; to oppress the
white and to elevate the social and political con-
dition of the black race, which, under the Consti-
tution, the Congress of the United States has no
uuthuiity to do. I desire now to speak directly
to the proposed amendment, and to say that un-
der the organic law slaves are property. They
have no other status in tlie Constitution, and,
as property, cannot be taken except by giving
"just compensation" in return.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Several Members on both sides of the House
proposed that Mr. Fernando Wood should be
permitted to conclude his remarks.
Mr. BOUT WELL objected.
Mr. CRESWELL. I d® not rise to reply to
the remarks just uttered. I admit that I have not
the means of information which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Fernando Wood] seems
to possess to enable me to speak of what is going
on at Richmond, or what propositions the rebel
congress may be about to make to this Govern-
ment. But I propose, with the permission of the
committee, to confine myself to a brief reply to
my colleague on the other side of the House, [Mr
Harris.] Thatgentleman has said that the two
members from Maryland who spoke yesterday
are not in favor of doing justice to the owners of
slaves, and that he would prefer, as their special
representative, I suppose, to submit their case to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania,[Mr. Stevens.]
I have not the slightest objection in the world to
that. I am willing to unite with the gentleman
from the fifth district of Maryland to make an
assignment of all the slave interest of Maryland,
and to submit the whole question to the tender
mercies and grim justice of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARRIS. Will my colleague allow me—
Mr. CRESWELL. I cannot give way.
Mr. HARRIS. I have only to say that that ia
a misunderstanding.
Mr. CRESWELL. The gentleman speaks of
injustice to slaveholders in Maryland. 1 call his
attention to the fact thatthe proposition before the
committee, made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and sustained by those on this side of
the House, awards to every slaveholder whose
slave volunteers the sum of "$300. In addition to
that, I inform the gentleman that the proclama-
tion of the Governor ofMaryland, just published,
offers $100 additional to slaveholders for each of
their slaves that shall volunteer. These two sums
make up §400.
And now I call my colleague's attention to
another fact, of which I well know he is already
clearly informed. It is that by the sixth section
of the eighty-first article of the code of public
general laws of Maryland the slaveholders of that
State, while they ruled it with a power which the
non-slaveholders could not lcsist, fixed the valua-
tion of slaves, in the following words:
"Slaves shall be classified according to their ages and
irx, as follows: male slaves under the a<re of twelve years
shall be assessed at $~o; male .slaves from twelve to twenty-
one at -5'250; male slaves from twenty-one to loity-fivc at
{J-tOO ; male '-laves from forty five to sixty at .$1G0; femal«
Maves under twelve years of ape at,'530; female slaves from
twelve to twenty-one years of age at $"000; female slaves
fiom twenty-one to foity at$U00; from lorty to sixty years
of age at $100," &c.
I)y this scction of the public general laws of
Mai yland the slaveholders, while ruling the State,
determined that sworn assessors should not put a
fair valuation on this class of property, hut that
it should be taxed on the valuation of it which
they themselves fixed. And gentlemen will find
that the highest valuation put upon the most val-
uable class of slaves in Maryland is $4UU, pre-
cisely the same now proposed to be paid to the
slaveholder for each of his slaves that volunteers.
Is that unjust ? We propose to pay them at their
own valuation. Never, in the history of Mary-
land, have slaveholders paid taxes on any slave
valued at a higher sum than .$400. It is their own
assessment, their own valuation, when they were
sworn to do justice to all the people of the State
alike.
One word more 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the committee
do now rise, for the purpose of closing debate on
this section.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COX. I renew the amendment offered by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fernando
Wood.] I do so for the purpose of calling the
attention of the committee to the proposition in
