1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
the rebel congress referred to by the gentleman,
which seems to have been received by the com-
mittee with some mistrust and a little levity.
I, too, am opposed to this bill of conscription,
because I believe it will fail ofexecution, because
it is unconstitutional, unwise, anti-democratic,
and a scheme of involuntary servitude for white
men, not authorized by anything in our system
of government. I do not believe it will raise the
army which you need to put down this rebellion.
I have indicated heretofore my plan for raising
troops for this purpose.
And while I have always been ready in this
House-to vote all the money and all the means
called for to meetand overcome the armed resist-
ance against this Government—while, after force
was arrayed against the Government, 1 felt it to
be my duty to resist it by all the force needed for
its suppression—still, sir, as my resolutions and
votes demonstrate, I have also been as ready at
all times, at every hush and pause of this dread
conflict, at every period of decided success to our
arms, to meet with favor any tender of concilia-
tion and peace calculated to restore the integrity
of the Union and the supremacy of the Govern-
ment.
Now, sir, this proposition made in the confed-
erate congress, and debated by them in secret
session, is made by Judge Wright, of Georgia,
a former member of this House and a firm friend
of Judge Douglas. If rightly understood and inter-
preted it is a proposition of peace and kindness,
on. the basis of the old Union. Disguised as it is by
much verbiage, and hidden under the phraseology
which has become common in the South, still it
means substantially the return of the South to the
old Government when it says, "a new Govern-
ment founded upon the equality and sovereignty
of the States." in the same proposition it is de-
clared that " if this cannot be done"—that is, if
recognition of their independence and the forma-
tion of such a " new Government" as above can-
not be accomplished, they are then to consider—
what? Mark how, by seeming to disguise their
real meaning, they really express themselves in
favor of the old basis. In ease they cannot be
recognized as independent, they would "agree
upon treaties offensive, defensive, and commer-
cial;" meaning clearly that if they do not obtain
recognition they are ready to accept under the old
Government such an accommodation of our diffi-
culties as will draw us together, politically and
commercially, as against all the world. Could
we expect more as the initiative of a negotiation
for peace, based on Union? To what would not
negotiations begun in this spirit lead? Is it not
worth the while to make the experiment ?
Now I propose to the gentlemen on the other
side to meet that proposition. Pass your resolu-
tion, either to receive from or send a commission
to Richmond. Send the distinguished gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood,] who
you assert is with the South in sympathy, [laugh-
ter,] and if he does not come back within sixty
days with a proposition of peace based upon the
old Union and the " equality and sovereignty of
the States" he will agree to join you in fighting
the rebellion to its overthrow. I cannot speak
for the peace Democracy, not being recognized
as one of them, (for I am simply a Democrat;)
but I can speak for the gentleman from New
York, who is a representative man of that ele-
ment,and who sits behind me, that he will in case
of failure join you in every proper war pleasure
until the rebellion is ended. Dare you doit? Dare
you try this experiment for peace and Union?
Will you not hear, will you not receive •Commis-
sioners with a view to end the horrors of this war
and this species of legislation ?
Mr. SPALDING. If lie will go there and stay
I will vote for it.
Mr. SOX. Iwanttoknowwhcthcrgentlcmen
on the other side are willing to restore the old
Union, and whether they are ready to receive such
a commission here and listen to a proposition to
restore it upon that basis, of State equality and
sovereignty? Or are they in favor of still con-
tinuing the strife without any effort at conciliation
and accumulating pains and penalties until our
statute-book groans with them? Are they still
determined to make this a war of extermination
and of everlasting separation? Will you continue
this war for subjugation when there is at least a
scintilla of hope held out by the bouth that they
are ready to retrace their steps and return to their
allegiance? Have you magnanimity enough, in
the midst of our successes and theirdepression, to
stop this piling up of debt and taxation, and to
stay the further effusion of blood h
I am for restoring this Union of equal and sov-
ereign States as it was in the peaceful days of the
Republic; and if we cannot succeed in that, if we
cannot treat with those men on the basis of the
old Union and the equality and sovereignty of the
States, then after a fair trial of this peaceful rem-
edy, never yet tried,I believe every true man,of
whatever name in politics, in the North will be,
as when Sumter fell, thoroughly united to fight
down the rebellion.
But, sir, you have not tried peaceful settlement.
My proposition falls upon sodden hearts. You
will not try it. You dare not try it. Your ob-
ject is not, as at least I infer from the remarks of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
so frankly spoken just now, to restore the Union.
It is to blot out adomestic institution with which
you never had any business, and which was rec-
ognized by the Constitution, but which in drag-
ging down, you are dragging down our system
of local sovereignties and constitutional freedom.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr.SMITH. I opposetheamendment. Ido
not propose, Mr. Chairman, to answer the re-
marks of the gentleman from Ohio. I am thelast
man in this Congress to give a vote for any com-
mission to be appoi ntcd to treat with the southern
confederacy until they have laid down their arms
and yielded their submission unconditionally to
this Government.
But I desire, upon the question under consid-
eration, to say this, and I call the attention of my
colleagues to the fact. It is true, and cannot be
denied, that in the Commonwealth of Kentucky,
not by any law, not by any proclamation,but by
the circumstances of war, the loyal people of Ken-
tucky have lost to a greater or less extent in the
property of slaves. My colleague from the Ash-
land district [Mr. Clay J was coirect when he said
that in 1860 the value of that description of prop-
erty in Kentucky was $107,000,000. It is also
true that ill the year, or from 1859 to I860, the
decrease in the number of slaves in the Common-
wealth of Kentucky was near twelve thousand.
But m 1862 the decrease of slaves in that State,
notwithstanding the presence of two hundred thou-
sand Federal troops, those men who are charged
with stealing negroes from the loyal men of Ken-
tucky, was only four hundred and seventy-seven.
Yet, sir, the decrease in the total valuation of
the slaves of Kentucky in that period was over
$50,000,000. While in 1860 the value of the slaves
in that Stale was$107,000,000,in 186Jitwas only
$57,000,000.
All that, sir, is true according to the auditor's
rcpoit which I hold before me;'anil-what is the
cause of it? I must repeat again it is not by law,
it is -Bothy proclamation, it is not by any interfer-
ence of the Government with that institution in
the Commonwealth of Kentucky, but it is in con-
sequence of war, in consequence of tile invasion
of that State by rebels, and in consequence of the
great outrages committed upon the people of that
State. Your people came there from the North
at our request to defend us, to preserve our homes
and our wives and children. They came there to
save us fiom sacrilege. We leceived thcin with
open hands; and for the two years that they passed
tlnouirh our Commonwealth we have lost only
four hundred and thirty-seven slaves. The de-
crease of valuation there was some fifty million
dollars. Look at this thing not as politicians.
It is true, this is the inevitable result of this tiling.
I believe that the amendment of the gentleman
from Maryland is a good one, and I shall there-
fore support it.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 67,
noes 66.
Mr. J.C. ALLEN demanded tellers.
Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. Morris,of
New York, and Steele, of New Jersey, were
appointed.
The motion was agreed to; the tellers having
reported—ayes 71, noes 67.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Fenton reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration, asH special order,
the bill of the Senate (No. 86) to amend an act
entitled " An act for enrolling and calling: out the
national forces,and forother purposes,"approved
March 3, 1863, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to close all debate
on the pending section of the enrollment bill in
one minute after its consideration shall be resumed
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of tttB
Union.
Mr. HARDING. I move to amend by mak-
ing it five minutes.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 63,
noes 60.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I demand the yeaa and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. I will make a proposition
to the gentleman from Ohio. Let it be agreed
that, when we go into committee, my colleague
[Mr. Harding] shall have leave to submita five-
minutes' speech on his amendment, and there will
be no further objection on this side.
Mr.SCHENCK. Iam willing to agree to that.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. KING. Jf Kentucky is to have five min-
utes I want Missouri also to have five minutes
oil this subject.
Mr. SCtlENCK. I move that debate be closed
in five minutes after the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union shall resumo the con-
sideration of the section, so that the gentleman
from Kentucky may be heard; and I cannot yield
any further.
Mr. CRAVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. M A LLORY. Let me make another propo-
sition. I do not want to delay action on thebill,
nor, I think, do the gentlemen upon this side of
the House. I suggest that the gentleman from
Missouri also be allowed five minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Iagreed at the gentleman'a
request to let his colleague have five minutes, and
it was promised that there should be no farther
objection from that side of the House. Here W£
have them fillibustering again. I do not agree to
the gentleman's proposition.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, demanded tellers
on the yeas arid nays.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. Did the gen-
tleman from Ohio agree to give only five minutes
to the gentleman from Kentucky? Was not his
proposition to give five minutes to this side of the
House generally ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I made no reference to any
gentleman on either side of the House. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] arose and
proposed that, instead of debate being closed in
one minute, I should move to close it m five min-
utes, for the purpose of allowing his colleague
[Mr. Harding] to be heard. I modified my mo-
tion accordingly, and then I was exceedingly sur-
prised to find that gentlemen continued to delay
business.
Mr. MALLORY. The statement of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is correct; but injustice to my-
self I will say that I did not know any other mem-
ber desired to be heard. I have voted with the
gentleman against those who are trying to post-
pone action. I must also add that I did not con-
sult with the members on this side, so that my
proposition could not be considered as binding
upon them.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. That is a
very charitable proposition from the Committee
on Military Affairs! They have run this bill
through pretty much as tliey pleased. It was
very magnanimous of them to grant five minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask consent to make a
remaik.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I understand that tell-
crs were demanded. I desire to know upon what
question ?
The SPEAKER. Upon the demand for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HARRINGTON. Upon what amend-
ment? .
The SPEAKER. Upon the motion to limit
debate in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SCHENCK. If there is no objection, I
wish to say m reply to the gentleman who has
spoken of the manner in which this bill has been
rushed through the House, that I repel and deny,
