1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIQNAI/iGKLOBE.
.19
38th Cojtg. ... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the. Navy..
Senate & Ho/oS- Keps.
ports in May; but the Vanderbilt, instead of being
there to receive them, as the Department intended,
was improperly retained in the West Indies until
after tiiat period.
In addition to the few vessels stationed abroad
to guard our national interests, others have from
time to time been dispatched in pursuit of the
rovers, all of which were built in and have gone
abroad from foreign ports to prey upon our com-
merce. The details of alt tne measures which
have been adopted by the Department in this view
it is not necessary here to disclose. But with most
of our naval vessels engaged in enforcing the
blockade, and without a clue to guide our inde-
pendent cruisers on the trackless ocean, they have
thus far been unable to encounter these semi-pirat-
ical vessels, which always seek to evade a naval
antagonist. Were the probabilities greater than
they are, however, of encountering them, and
were our public naval vessels permitted to enter
the portsof the mariumePoweraforfueland other
supplies when in pursuit, it would not promote
the interests of commerce nor the welfaie of the
country to relax the blockade for that object. We
have, however, no excess of seamen, nor even a
sufficient supply for the immediate and imperative
duties that are pressing upon us, and although it
would be inexpedient to make public all the means
that are taken and causes that control the action
of the Government, it may not be improper to
state that one of our largest and fastest steamers,
destined for foreign service, has been detained for
mouths in consequence of an inadequate supply
of seamen to man her. Other vessels are also
short of their complement.
The operation of the draft has been, in some
respects, detrimental to the naval service. No
exemption of sailors or mariners having been
provided for in the acts of the last Congress, these
men, who may be deemed and are experts, fos-
tered and cherished by all Governments, and of
whom no sufficient supply can be obtained, are
liable to be withdrawn from the element to which
they have been educated, and where they prop-
erly belong, and compelled to serve as soldiers.
In this respect not only a hardship is inflicted on
the men, but the Navy and the country are in-
jured. It lias been the wise policy of the Gov-
ernment at all times to encourage and cherish its
supply of seamen. By express provision of the
act of May, 1792, "all mariners actually em-
ployed in the sea service of any citizen or mer-
chant within the United States" were exempted
from militia duty. Bounties have been paid to the
fishermen, and by former laws, not only men-of-
wars-men, but all mariners, have been exempt
from militia service, it being considered that they
performed an equivalent duty, or were liable to
be absent, when a draft took place. Under the
recent enactment petty officers, acting engineers,
and others indispensable to a ship's complement
and efficiency, have, as well as seamen, been sub-
ject to the diaft while on shipboard and in naval
service. Some of them on distant stations have
been enrolled, drafted, and put to great inconven-
ience in theii: efforts to obtain relief, not unfre-
quently subjecting their commander and the sea-
men themselves to embarrassment. It certainly
could not have been intended by Congress that
persons in actual service afloat should be with-
drawn from the Navy, where they were faith-
fully discharging indispensable duties, and then
be compelled, under the penalties of the law, to
go into the Army.
In enforcing the draft on any community which
has furnished a large number of sailors, proper
deductions ought doubtless to be made from the
quota required for the Army. Of the thirty-four
thousand seamen in the naval service a large
proportion are from the maritime towns on the
seaboard. A committee of the township of Glou-
cester, in Massachusetts, in addressing this De-
partment on the subject, state that their township
alone has furnished to the Army over thirteen
hundred soldiers,anexcessof more thanonehun-
dred beyond thenumber required; butinaddition
to these they have given to the Navy about six
hundred sailors; yet under the new call for vol-
unteers no allowance is made for seamen who have
enlisted. As a community they areentitled to re-
lief for i he men that they have supplied to the Navy,
and so with other places similarly situated. Un-
less these facts are rightly considered and acted
upon, the existing law will tend to the prejudice
of the Navy, for every community will encour-
age its men to go into the Army at the expenseof
the Navy, because there is no relief or credit or
mitigation of the draft in consequence of .enlist-
ments in the naval service. In another respect
the laws are in their effects made to operate to the
prejudice of the Navy. The high bounties for
enlistments into the Army induce many sailors to
enlist as soldiers, although their services would
be vastly more useful to the country on the ele-
ment to which they have been trained and accus-
tomed. The result is, that there are many sea-
men in the Army, serving as soldiers, who have
been drafted, or drawn thither by bounties or other
causcs, who desire to be transferred to the Navy,
and have frequently made application to that ef-
fect, but it is undei stood that the law does not au-
thorize such transfer. Asitis difficultto procure
educated, trained, and able seamen in such num-
bers as are wanted, and skillful and experienced
sailors are worth more to the country in the Navy
than they can be in the Army, it would be pro-
ductive of great benefit if the law authorized such
transfer to be made. No well-directed efforts
should be spared to inciease our naval strength,
for it is mainly on the ocean that our rightful po-
sition as a nation is to be secured and maintained.
The sailor is always and everywhere true to his
flag. When, in the early days of the rebellion,
the recreant officers in numbers deserted theGov-
ernment to which they owed and had sworn al-
legiance, they could not shake the loyalty and
fidelity of the crews. These remained taithfulto
the fhig under whose folds they had carried into
every sea and to every clime the honor and power
of the Republic. It has been the policy of every
commercial country to extend encouragementand
give strength to the navy which protects its com-
merce. Such should be ourclearand unquestion-
able policy. Under thecxtraordinary expansion
of ourNnvy and the pressing demand for seamen,
it is a public duty not only to permit those sea-
men who are in the Army to be transferred, but
to encouragesuch transfers, and atlhe same time,
in so far as may be possible, to make the induce-
ments to enter the naval service at all times fully
equal to those offered to soldiers on their enlist-
ment. No nation, and least of all the United
States,can widely strengthen its Army by weak-
ening Us naval power.
Unfortunately for the country, the disunion
element which for some years gave direction to
public affairs, so shaped the measures of Govern-
ment as to keep down and cripple our Navy.
Aware that it was a branch of the service which
could have no sympathy in a denationalizing or
disunion scheme, or be made subject to rebel con-
trol; knowing, moreover, that there were no sail-
ors in the disaffected region, these men,in antici-
pation of their insurrectionary movements, and
in their whole policy and action, were hostile to
the Navy. But the changed condition of affairs,
the loyalty of our sailors, the great service which
the Navy has everywhere rendered in the cause
of the Union, and its importance for our peace
and security abroad and at home, demand it should
have all due encouragement.
The number of seamen in service on the 1st of
July last, including the Mississippi squadron, was
about 34,000. The number of enlistments from
January 1 to October 1 was 19,000, mostly lands-
men. "From causes, to some of which allusion
has already been made, the difficulty of procuring
a sufficient number of seamen for the increase of
the service has been great, and at times vessels
have been detained and unable to proceed to sea
for the want of crews. The lack of sufficient sea-
men arises from no diminution in the monthly
number of enlistments, but from the increased
wants of the service. During the year 1862 the
average number of enlistments was 1,529 per
month. During the present year the average has
been over 2,000 per month. Unfortunately, the
policy which it has been deemed necessary to pur-
sue is such as in its effect to weaken the Navy by
offering extraordinary bounties to soldiers, by
subjecting mtuuners to the Army draft, without
permitting them to enter the Navy if,they xJosired
to do so, and by omitting to make^iiy f^cwsioTi
to relieve from its operation those communities
•which furnish the seamen to man our ships. The
large bounties offered>by theOeneral and-State
Govornments, and often also bythe locahmunr-
cipal authorities, as inducements to enter the>temd
service, have had the effect of entieing into that
service many professional seamen, who, i ut for
those extraordinary inducements, would have
enlisted in the Navy. Towns on the sea-coJast,
where the population is to a great extent of a
maritime character, as I have specified in a single
instance, have been obliged to furnish theirquota
for Army service, thus largely diminishing-the
number from whom naval enlistments would nat-
urally be expected.
The proclamation of September last must, from
these causes and the operation of our laws, still
further draw upon the limited number whose
proper field is upon the ocean, and who should
by esgry dictate of policy be encouraged by- the
Goy^Pfement to enter the Navy, instead of heing
enticed from itby pecuniary bounties or forcibly
withdrawn by draft. Besides the exhausting .
governmental influence adverted to, we are com-
pelled to meet the high prices and active compe-
tition of commercial enterprise.
The present and prospective difficulty of pro-
curing seamen in numbers sufficient to man our
ships is such as to call for theaction of Congress.
Our-legislation should not be in its effects detri-
mental to that branch of the public service which
it is the policy of every wise Government to pro-
mote. Were as large u bounty to be paid to those
who enlist in the Navy as to those who enter the
Army; were the quota of towns and communities
under any call for the increase of the national
forces, to be credited with the men furnished to
the Navy; and were seamen who maybe drafted
permitted the choice of entering either the land
or naval service, the Navv would *be relieved ot
serious embarrassment. There is no draft, and
there can be none, to reinforce the Navy as there
may be to supply the Army. While every able
and sound man of proper age can be made a sol-
dier and put into immediate service, there are
comparatively few of our population who can be
employed as sailors. The latter may be consid-
ered experts, and instead of bounties, allurements,
or drafts to withdraw seamen from the element
to which they belong, the reverse should be the
fact. Our mariners have given marked -and dis-
tinctive superiority to the cause of the Union in
this contest. The rebels have some naval officers
of reputation and ability, but not sailors. Yet
that branch of the service which in this and in
every war must give character and nationality t->
the country, has been, is, and will be subjected to
embarrussmcnts and deprived of a portion of its
legilirrratc effective force by the operation of ex-
isting laws. The whole subject being of great
importance in every respect, is commended to the
early and considerate action of Congress.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
The Naval Academy, which at the commence-
ment of the insurrection was removed from An-
napolis, is still continued at Newport, Congress
having taken no measures relative to its perma-
nent location. The total numberof midshipmen
on the 12th of November was 463. Of these, 208,
standing highest in academic rank, are quartered
on shore in buildings rented for the purpose. The
residue are on board the school-ships Santee and
Constitution, the junior class being on the latter
ship.
The Macedonian, which hasher full battery on
board, is moored near the school-ships. All the
midshipmen are stationed at quarters on board
her, and exercise at stated times at divisions and
general quarters, in the most thorough and care-
ful manner.
In consequence of the reduction of the number
of the officers at the period when the Navy was
expanding, it became important that the full com-
plement of midshipmen should be appointed, and
permits were therefore issued one year ago to sup-
ply defieiencies caused by therebellion. A sim-
ilar course has been adopted the present year, in
