'mm
THl €ONGRBSSTO If AL GLOBE.
April 15.
ail parts of the country, and so in regard to every
other article taxed. I hear a great deal of talk
among people, and there is a clamor in the news-
papers especially about the desire of every body to
be taxed; bat our experience has been that when-
ever we attempt to impose a tax to affect an
individual, that Same person, although very pa-
triotic, is always ready to show that while every-
body etlse ought to be taxed, he for some particular
reason ought to eseape. We are bound to hear
these people and listen to their explanations.
X make this statement in justice to the other
House. So far as the Senate committee is con-
cerned and so far as the Senate itself is concerned,
it-has never shown any indisposition to hear and
pass upon all these questions of finance; and al-
though we have not always been harmonious,
have not always been able to agree on the details
or even the principles of some of these bills, 1
trust we have always differed in regard to them
■with manly sincerity and for good reasons.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, this question
has been presented under several aspects: first, as
to the power of Congress; secondly, as to the ex-
pediency of its exercise now; and thirdly, in the
examples of history. In the little which I have to
say I shall touch upon all these points, but very
briefly. But I observe at the outset that the whole
question, in its various branches, was discussed
fully and ably when, two years ago, Treasury
notes were made a legal tender; and let me say it
was settled then. The illustration from the French
ussignats bears very slightly on the matter. As-
signats were created with a wild lawlessness
which makes that case unique and exceptional.
An eminent English banker, testifying before a
parliamentary committee, said, "The French as-
signats were issued upon no principle at ail, be-
cause no provision was made for their redemption."
Nobody here proposes assignats.
In ordinary times ihe proposition now before
the Senate would not be made. It is one of the
measures occasioned by the extraordinary crisis
through which the country is passing, and, like
those measures, to be vindicated by the exigency.
And yet there are certain principles which areap-
plicable to it even without resort to extraordinary
powers.
Gold coin may be seen in two characters, either
as money or as merchandise, for it is both. It is
ordinarily used as currency only, but, from its
intrinsic value, it becomes merchandise: Now, in
each of these two different ciiaracters it falls undor
the regulating power of the Government, accord-
ing to well-received principles and analogies.
First. If we regard it as money, then is it not
the duty of the Government, if the occasion re-
quires, to watch over and pioteet it? The cur-
rency is established by the Government,which
has the exclusive power to "coin money." Shall
the Government stand idle and see this function
perverted and the money that it has coined turned
from its natural purposes? The answer would
seem to be easy on a simple statement of the case.
The currency must be protected against such
abuse.
Government fixes the value of the coin. May
it not interfere to rescue the coin from the opera-
tion of circumstances which interfere with its
value?
Government may withdraw its coin from cir-
culation. May it not, in its discretion,determine
the terms of circulation ?
By long usage in all countries Government exer-
cises the' power of determining the rate of interest,
fixing it sometimes high and sometimes low. On
abstract grounds this power has been often ques-
tioned, as an interference with business. The
common argument has been, as in the present
case, that interest must be left to find its own
level, witlioutany interference from Government.
But Government has, nevertheless, assumed the
responsibility of interference. I know not if it
would not be better for Government to abstain
in this case. On this subtle question, where so
much has been already said on both sides, I say
nothing. I refer to it simply as an illustration
of questionable powers in Government. And if
Government may regulate the lending of money,
it surely may regulate the way in which it may
be sold.
Secondly. But if we regard gold coin as mer-
chandise we shall find the principles and analogies
stronger still, if possible.
The old common law of England was sedulous
in guarding markets against the injurious conse-
quences ofspeculations.goingin this respectmuch
beyond any practice oflatter times. " Reg-rating,"
"forestalling,"and "engrossing" are terms which
have now passed out of use, but they will be found
in our law books; and if we go back to early
times they will be found to have played a very
prominent part. They all mean substantially the
same thing, namely, the act of buying up pro-
visions or other articles in a market "in order to
raise the demand, and sell again at a higher
Brice." Here is a description fromTomlins'Law
lictionary, under the title of " Forestalling:"
" In our law, forestalling is the buying or bargaining for
any corn, cattle, or other merchandise, by the way, as they
come to fairs or markets to be sold, before they are brought
thither; to the intent to sell the same again at a higher and
dearer price.
"All endeavors to enhance the common price of any vic-
tuals or merchandise, and practices which h.lv" an appar-
ent tendency thereto, whether by spreading false rumors,
or buying things in a rnaiket before the accustomed hour,
or by buying ami selling again tile same thing in the same
market, &.(*., are highlycriininal by the common law; and
all such offenses ancientlv came under the general appella-
tion of forestalling. 3 lust. 195,19G. And so jealous is the
common law of practices ol this nature, winch arc a gen-
eral inconvenience and piejudice to the people, and very
oppressive to the poorer soit, that it will not sutler corn to
be sold in the blieat before thrashed ; for by such sale the.
maiket is in effect forestalled. 3 Inst. 197; II. P. C. 153.
"Forestalling, engrossing, and regrating, are offenses gen-
erifll.v classed together as of the same nature and equally
hurtful to the public."
Let me be understood. I do not lead this an-
cient common law for adoption now, even if there
were occasion for it; but simply to exhibit the
stringent principles which at that early time were
applied under the penalties of fine and imprison-
ment to prevent abuses not so flagrant as those
which now prevail with regard to gold. Thecom-
moil lav/ was sustained also by legislation; but
the common law itself stepped in as guardian and
protector, even without any special legislation.
In point of fact, our Government, through the
Executive, prohibits the exportation of horses.
And yet it is gravely argued that Congress cannot
prohibit the exportation ;if gold. If it can do it
in one case, it can do it in the other; except tlutt
m the case of gold the argument is more urgent,
as gold is more sensitive than a horse.
Thus, sir, whether we treat gold com as money
or as merchandise, it seems, according to estab-
lished precedents, to fall within the jurisdiction of
Government. But it is not necessaiy to go into
any of these niceties. There is another ground:
it is that with winch 1 began, and which, if all
others failed, would be ample.
Congress unquestionably has power, in the last
resort, to do what the public safety may require.
It is not necessary to quote texts for this principle,
for it is "plain. On this ground the habeas corpus is
suspended, men are drafted, heavy taxes are im-
posed, Treasury notes are declared to be a "legal
tender." These are all exiraordinai y powers, to be
exercised only in a tare exigency and for the pub-
lic good. And nowitis proposed to exercise an-
otherand kindred power. The ordinary freedom
with regard to gold coin is to be suspended forlhe
time; speculations in gold coin are to be arrested,
and this peculiar commerce is to be regulated. If
any reason is asked, the answer is prompt. The
public safety requires the interference of Con-
gress, and the public safety is the supreme law.
Gold has been carried upas high aseighty-nme
per cent. As a natural consequence, values have
changed, business has suffered, foreign exchanges
have risen, uncertainty and confusion have en-
sued, all tending to panic. There are persons
who attribute these things to disloyal or at least
unpatriotic influences. For instance, here is an
extract from a pamphlet which has been laid on
our tables within twenty-four hours, entitled,
"The Price of Gold and the Presidency—Con-
siderations for the People:"
" But it is cuuently reported ami believed that a com-
bination ol bankets, orii -.at of u.urmous speculators who
call themselves *uch, now in New Yoik, to purchase
any quantity ot gold that may bo sold by Government;
their object being to keep up the premium upon gold tor
the purpose of bringing disci edit upon oui Government,
either in aid of the rebellion, or for thusakeof private gam
at the public cost. Any such action should be consulted
and treated as a conspiracy of traitors. Such men are like
vultures preying upon the vitals of the nation, and should
not be pcimittcd to reside within our lines. Let Congress
so guaid against their operations as to render them unprofit-
able, and they will cease."
This may be true or false, and I refer to it sim-
ply its an illustration of the suspicion under which
these transactions have fallen. But it is enough
for our present purpose to show the transcendent
mischief, without attributing to it any motive,
it is enough to point to influences tending fatally,
unless arrested, in order to justify Congress in the
exercise of all the power that belongs to it.
As in the exercise of other extraordinary pow-
ers, we now follow the examples of history and
do what other nations have done, at great mo-
ments, when the national life was in peril, or at
least when the public safety was endangered. All
authorities on this question concur in the opinion
thai, in ordinary times, business must be left to
its own natural laws, without any interference
from Government. Perhaps the true principle
has never been stated better than by Alexander
Baring, afterwards Lord Ashburton, the same
who negotiated with Mi*. Webster the treaty of
Washington. In a tract on the Orders of Council
as long ago as 1808, this authority, who was
called " the most eminent merchant of the day,"
uses the following language:
" An avowed system of leaving things to take their own
course, and of not listening to the interested suggestions ot
one class or another for relief, whenever the imprudence
of speculation has occasioned losses, will, sooner than any
at ufieial remedy, reproduce that equilibrium ot demand and
supply which the aidorof gam will frequently derange, but
which the same cause will, when let alone, as infallibly re-
store."
But this rule is for ordinary times, when the
ship can be navigated without real peril. It is a
rule of high convenience, but it is not applicable
to a moment of tempest, when sails and masts are
to be cut away for the safety of the ship.
An eminent English writer, after quoting tho
opinion of Lord Ashburton, says:
" But however important, even these principles are not
to be carried out at all hazards. The salus publica is the
first consideration, and to it all others must give way.. Anti
if at any time It can be shown that tins grand principle
would boeompioimsed by abiding by any act of Parliament,
then undoubtedly it ought to be suspended. But the neces- .
siiy for interfoienee must be cleaily made out."—Ency-
clopedia Britannica, article Money, by Mr. McCulloch,
page 468.
And the same writer says again:
"To tampc-r with the currency, except under the exi-
gency of internal discredit or oj a panic, is a totally inexcus-
able proceeding."—Ibid,, page 405.
And again:
"When the panic and distrust that occasion the suspen-
sion of the act subside, then it should be revived in Its
prUtine vigor. The habeas corpus act is not Ihe less effi-
cient at tins moment that it has been repeatedly suspended
in periods ot danger and difficulty."—Ibid., page 469.
I suppose at this momentthe mosteminentau-
thority on any question of finance in England, if
not in Europe, is that eminent banker somewhat
Utterly raised to the peerage, known as a banker
as Mr. Jones Lloyd, now in the peerage under
the.title of Lord Overstone. His testimony was
given at length before a parliamentary committee
on all the questions that are involved in ourpres-
ent debate. He was the great and special vindi-
cator of purity in currency, what is called a gold
currency, or a paper currency always convertible
into com; and while, before the committee, he
laid that down as the constant rule which tin;Gov-
ernment at all times must propose to itself, ho
went on to say:
"The pressure of 1797 was undoubtedly, to a considera-
ble extent, connected with political alarm, with the fear of
foreign invasion, causing an internal demand tor the ex-
change of notes into coin : under  <uch circumstances, there
is no measuie founded upon principle which can pretend
to afford au adequate protection. If, for instance, at this
moment"—
This testimony was given in 1858—
" if, for instance, at this moment this country were sud-
denly exposed to the calamity of a very large foreign force
occupying its soil, or if it were exposed to the calamity of
a very formidable and serious civil insui rectum, no doubt a
state of panic alarm with regard to the paper money might
aiise against which no provisions of the aet ol 1844. nor any
provisions founded upon principle, could possibly affoid
an adequate protection."
Practically the same piinciple, subject to the
same limitation, has been recognized in France.
Nobody doubts the prudence and skill with which
the Bank of France has been conducted; but at the
time of the revolution of 1848 it was brought into
a situation of extieme danger, having been com-
pelled to make large advances to the Provisional
Government and to the city of Paris. Under these
circumstances, combined with a distrust univer-
sally prevalent, there was a run upon the bank
for gold, until* in order to prevent a complete ex-
