2624-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
expended $100,000or more upon it and succeeded
in building up a first-rate waterpowei' in the city
of Milwaukee, bringing it down to a plat of land
on the west side of the river where the city of
Milwaukee is now built up—a water power which
this company now holds and is renting out on
long leases. That is all there is of tVe company.
The Territory of Wisconsin finding itself in
tljis condition was unwilling to go on and involve
itself further in liability to pay the debts and in-
dorse the bonds of the company, which it under-
took to do in the first instance, because it became
satisfied that the building of the canal was an im-
practicability and would have to be abandoned by
the Territory. It was abandoned by Congress,
too, for Congress authorized the released sections
to be sold at$l 25an acre, which previously were
to have been sold at $2 50 an acre.
The scheme having been abandoned, the thing
Rtnnds now on a matter of account. -We apply
for our five percent. We are told we cannot have
it; and why? Because it is said there has been
some grant to us for the benefit of a canal com-
pany, and that canal company stands here across
' our path. It is the canal company that has been
here all the while opposing the very proposition
which the Senator from Iowa wishes to carry into
cffect, and that is to pay us the money that be-
longs to us, and let us settle with the company.
The canal co'mpany opposes that and claims to
lfave equitable interests. Perhaps under the law
they have. At all events, the committee so re-
gaj^l it, and they have, therefore, reported unani-
mously this resolution, which settles the whole
question by leaving it to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to say how much of this
money, which otherwise would belong to thcTcr-
ritory of Wisconsin, shall go to the canal com-
pany. I understand that to be the whole effect of
the proposition.
Mr. HALE. This question has occupied a
food deal of time, and it seems to me it ought to
e settled. I lmve not gone into the particulars
of nil these statements, but us the impression is
on my mind, it is a very simple case. I thiitlc,
strictly speaking, that we have nothing to do with
the dealings of the Geneial Government with the
Territory of Wisconsin prim- to her admission
into the Union as a State unless there be an equi-
table consideration Rowing out of the amount of
money that the State of Wisconsin has received
from this grant that was made to the Territory
for certain specified purposes. If Wisconsin has
got any such money as that,it seems to me it
should be deducted from the amount due her by
the General Government, and there is an end of
the case, I think it does notbecome the General
Government to interfere arbitrarily in the suit of
any corporation in Wisconsin against the State
itself. The g'eneral impression is that the judi-
ciary of a State can be trusted to adjudicate any
claims of that sort. The five per cent. Wiscon-
sin is entitled to under your law. That is clear
and indisputable. Theeanal grant wasfirst made,
as I understand, to the Territory of Wisconsin,
and made to the Territory not for general pur-
poses for the use of the Territory, but for a speci-
fied purpose; in other words, the Territory was
made the trustee for the company, if in that re-
lation, acting as trustee for the company, the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin realized money which sub-
sequently went into the treasury of the State of
Wisconsin, that money should undoubtedly be
deducted from the amount of five percent, allowed
on the proceeds of the public lands, and that is
the whole of it. It seems tome that is the course
Congress ought to take.
B&r. COLLAMER. Either I or some of the
gentlemen who have spoken on this subject do
not understand it aright. The original grant of
land was made to the Territory of Wisconsin, as
is stated, for the purpose of making a certain
canal. A corporation was created by the Ter-
ritory for that purpose, and tile Territory was in
fact and in law, I suppose, trustee for them. There
was in the act making the grant a provision that
if the canal was noi finished in the time stipu-
lated, ten years, the Territory should become
bound to the United States for all the avails of
the land. They were to have it only on the con-
dition that they finish the.work. Those were the
terms of the grant; but it does not matter now
how that wag.
After something had been done on this canal,
no matter now how much, the Territory inter-
fered, and not only disposed of the intermediate
sections of the land, the price of which they got
the Government to reduce to $ 125,-but they sold
a considerable portion of the land of which they
were the trustees, and took the money for if.
Part of it I am told they sold above $1 25 and part
of it at $1 25, and I believe they paid some of
that money over to the canal company in the prog-
ress of the work.
When Wisconsin was admitted as a State it
was stipulated expressly as part of the conditions
of admission " that the liabilities incurred by the
territorial government of Wisconsin under the
act" granting land for the canal " shall be paid
and discharged by the State of Wisconsin." The
Territory had disposed of the lands which were
to go to that canal and used up the money in the
business of the Territory, and the State was to
stand in the place of the Territory in the payment
of that money. That w"as all understood. The
work stopped, and for a very good reason: the
Territory sold the land, took the money, and re-
fused to pay it over to the canal company to pros-
ecute the work any further, but used it for public
purposes. It is now suggested that the work was
stopped from the intrinsic inability or impracti-
cability of the scheme, or something of thatkind,
about which I know nothing. It may be true.
At any rate, the work was stopped.
Now the State of Wisconsin has a claim upon
the United States for five per cent. of the net pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands in that State.
The account comes up for settlement, and the
question is how it shall be settled. Some gentle-
men say, let us settle with the State for the five
per cent, we owe them, and take out the money
for which they sold this canal land, and let the
question about the canal-company go altogether,
in order that the company and the State may set-
lie it. I cannot understand how geiitlertien who
have any regard to the equities of the case can go
upon that view. Many committees have consid-
ered the question. Years ago, in the other Housfi,
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] then
a member of that body, made a full report from a
committee to that House upon the question, and
fiom that day to this every committee who have
examined it have regarded that as an unjust and
improper mode of proceeding, and so our com-*
mittee say now. The committees all say thatas
much money as the canal company laid out, and
the State or Territory did not pay back, should
be paid to the company; that the company should
be settled with as far as they went. Now if we
settle with the State of Wisconsin and leave the
company to look to the State, I cu^i merely say
there is no probability that the company will ever
get a single cent. The Territory said it was an
impracticable thingand the quicker it was stopped
the better; and it may be said now that so far
from having lost anything the company made
money by the work being stopped, and therefore
nothing should ever be paid to them. I think we
ought to say that so far as they went they ought
to be settled with. This joint resolution proposes
to do it, and I understand that the Senators from
Wisconsin do not object to it.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. We do not; we concede
it because the committees so report, and their
opinion is that it ought to be settled in this way.
We have acquiesced in it.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no necessity of
our settling with the State and then leaving some-
thing else to be settled. We may as well settle
the matter all around at once. We had better
do it now when the State itself and the company
and our own committee are all willing to have
the question settled and closed. We had better,
therefore, pass the joint resolution and have a
general settlement all round.
It is perfectly clear in my mind tlmt if we take
fiom Wisconsin the whole amount of money for
which they sold the canal lands we shall owe
that much to the canal company ourselves. They
will then come to Congress at once and say to
the United States, "You appropriated some land
to us to build a canal; the Territory as trustee
stopped it, sold the land, took the money; you
settled with them for that money and accounted
for it toward your five per cent.; now pay us
the money as far as we did go." If they pre-
tend to urge a claim on the State, the State will
say, " We settled with the Government, they
have paid us, and what money we received for
you was taken from us in the account and went
toward our five per cent, fund, and now if you
want anything you must go to Congress."
Unless we settle it as-the resolution proposes,
it is clear that the matter will not be closed. I
am therefore of opinion the joint resolution should
be passed unless it be for one or two things which
we can amend, and I will state what they are.
At first we put on §2 50 an acre as the price of
the reserved lands that we did not grant for the
canal. The Territory sold some of its land for
25, and I believe some of it was not sold, and
we provided that that part should be reckoned
towetrd the five hundred thousand acres which
the State received on admission into the Union.
It was right that all which was not sold should
go toward making up the five hundred thousand
acres. Of that which they did sell I do not know
but that they sold some at $2 50, and they sold
the rest at $1 25. They paid over some money
to the canal company. Tliey soon came to Con-
gress and got the price of the reserved sections
reduced from §2 50 to gl 25. They then went
on and sold tbeiis at $1 25. They had no au-
thority for that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morning
hour having expired, it becomes the duty of the
Chair to call up the unfinished business of yes-
terday.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to present the amend-
ment that 1 indicated some time ago in a more per-
fect form, and I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to do it, so that when the question comes
up again I shall not have to restudy the amend-
ment of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to observe that I
am not through with the remarks I have to make
about this joint resolution, and I shall claim the
floor when it comes up again.
Mr. HARLAN. I submit my amendment and
ask that it bo printed.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
TRANSFERS FROM THE ARMY TO THE NAVY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The House
of Representatives have returned the bill (S. No. -
218) to repeal the first section of a joint resolu-
tion therein named, with a slight amendment
which the Chair will lay before the Senate at this
time. j
The amendment was read. It was to alter the
title of the bill so as to make it lead: "An act to
repeal the first section of the joint resolution rela-
tive to the transfer of persons in the military ser-
vice to the naval service, approved February 24,
1864."
The amendment was concurred in.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT protempore laid before the
Senatea message from the Presidentof theUnited
States, transmitting, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of tke 28th instant, a report from the
Secretary of State, with accompanying docu-
ments, communicating information relative to the
delivery of a person charged with crime against
Spain, or its dependencies, to the officers of that
Government; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be*
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, incompliance with absolu-
tion of the Senate of May 20, a report from the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, accompanied
by an abstract of the reports of the banks, asso-
ciations, corporations, and individuals doing a
banking business, which are required to be made
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under
the act entitled" An act to provide way sand means
for the support of the Government," approved
March 3, 1863. A motion ofMr. Henderson to
print the report was referred to the Committee on
Printing. ;
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
294) for the better protection of the tribal rights
and interests of the Indians; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
