602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
upon the part of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, any such suggestion. On the contrary, 1
appeal to gentlemen upon the other side of the
House if there has not been from the commence-
ment adisposition to be liberal, and to allow debate
to run on. It is true, we have found it necessary
from time to time to stop debate upon particular
sections; but never until there had been a pro-
longed debate upon each particular section, and
upon point after point relating in the main to the
subject-matter of such section. And this very'
■ day we are voting upon the first and the only
proposition to amend this one section of the bill,
and upon various amendments to that amend-
ment. We have not advanced a line in the bill.
And similar was the debate yesterday. Yester-
day we occupied more than an hour upon the
same amendment we have been discussing to-
day.
MESSAGE IKOJI THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickf.y,
its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, a bill of the House
making appropriations for rebuilding the stables
of the President.
Also, a bill (H. R. No. 144) to indemnify the
owners of the British schooner Glen.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (No.
5.1) amendatory of and supplemental to an act
to provide circuit courts for the district of Cali-
fornia and Oregon, and for other purposes, ap-
proved March 3,1863; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
. CONFISCATION BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to suggest that but
two gentlemen upon this side of the House have
expressed any desire to be heard—the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Harping] mid the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Kino.] Probably if
they should be allowed to occupy five minutes
eacfi the consumption of time by calling the yeas
and nays would be avoided. 1 am not authorized
to speak for this side of the House, but 1 think
that afrangeincnt would be satisfactory.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I was about to say when I was
interrupted by a message from the Senate, that I
have been earnestly desirous of making this a
business debate, with a view to have this bill
passed as soon as possible, in order to meet the
emergency of the times. For that reason, and no
other,! have refrained, myself, as far as possible,
from indulging in debate; and gentlemen will bear
witness that I have confined myselftoshortcxpla-
nationsof the views of the committee as the ((lifer-
ent points arose. It lias not been done because I
did not desire to enter into some of these discus-
sions. 1 had a strong desiie to pitch in n few
moments ago, and 1 mean to exercise that privi-
lege at some future time.
* It will take about twenty minutes to call the
yeas and nays. Will gentlemen be satisfied with
two five-minute speeches upon the other side and
two five-minute speeches oil this side?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I will say to the chairman
of the committee that a fi ve-ininute speech from
the gentleman from Kentucky and one fiom the
gentleman from Missouri will satisfy this side of
the House.
Mr. SCIIENCK. With that understanding
I modify my motion and move that all debate be
closed in twenty minutes after the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union lesttme the
consideration of this bill.
Mr. CRAVENS. I withdraw my call for the
yens and nays.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 undei stand that the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Kino] desires to
occupy five minutes. I do not know upon winch
side he is.
Mr. SCRENCK. I have already modified my
motion so as to give that side ten minutes and
this side the same time.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I renew the
call for tin.' yeas And nays upon hie motion of the
gentleman from Ohio. j
The yeas tmd nays were not oidered. j
The motion was agreed to. |
Mr. SGHLINCK. 1 move that the rules be sus- i
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the i
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union i
upon the special order. I
The motion was agreed to. j
So the rules were suspended; and the llouee I
resolved itself into the Committee of the "Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Fenton in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of Senate bill No.
36, to amend an act entitled " An act for enrolling
and calling out4he national forces, and for other
purposes," approved March 3, 1863.
Mr. HARDING. I move to amend'the pro-
posed amendment by adding thereto the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That the provisions of this section in regard to
slaves shall not apply to the State of Kentucky.
I regret that it becomes necessary, on a matter
of such vital importance as this, to plead and
plead for even five minutes' time. As my col-
league [Mr. Malloiiy] very properly remarked,
what more do gentlemen desire than that ICen-
tucky shall furnish her proper quota of men and
contribute her proper amount of money? It is
manifest to every man that this seeks to inaugu-
rate a general scheme of emancipation in the loyal
slaveholding States. That can no longer be dis-
guised. Gentlemen are disposed to pass it by as
if that was a clear constitutional right. Sir, it is
an absolute violation of the constitutions both of
Kentucky and of the United States. No man can
meet that proposition in argument. From the
foundation of the Government to the prcsenttimc
the right to slave property was secured by all the
laws, and approved by the Constitution, as much
as the right to land was secured. It is a consti-
tutional right in the State of Kentucky to hold
slaves; and there can be no system of general
emancipation inaugurated under the pretense of
raising soldiers cxeept by a plain and palpable
violation of the Constitution.
Moreover, sir, slaves have never been regarded
as forming part of the military force of the coun-
try. They are property. A man in Kentucky
holds his slaves by the same title as he holds his
land, i defy any man to draw a distinction be-
tween the two. The title is as clear to slaves in
Kentucky as it is to a man's home and land; and
that spirit which will run lawlessly over the one
would need but little temptation to run as law-
lessly over the other. I beg gentlemen of the
Republican party to look back a few years to the
Chicago platform, and see what its language was.
It wan, that the maintenance inviolate ofthe rights
of the States, and especially of the right of each
State to older and contol its own domestic in-
stitutions according to its own judgment exclu-
sively, was essential to that balance of power on
which the perfection and endurance of our system
depended. I embodied that same profession in a
resolution which I ofieied a few days ago, and it
was unceremoniously laid on the table; seventy-
three memb^is on the other side rising and voting
to lay it on the table. I deny that there is any
constitutional power to wrest a slave from his
owner, either by taking the slave as a volun-
teer or as a conscript. You have no right to do it
even though you allow compensation. You can-
not inaugurate emancipation in that indirect #ay.
The President has disclaimed, and the Repub-
lican paity has austin and again disclaimed, all
power to do so. And yet now it is proposed to
violate all these pledges, to tiampie under,foot
this platform, and with it the Constitution ofthe
United State?, in order to brins; about emancipa-
tion by a wholesale system of lohhrry. Do yrm
propose to take the loyal man's 'slave at a fair
valuation ? No, you propose to take him by con-
scription, to take him by an arbitrary process, and
to fix his price by the same power. It amounts
to nothing but robbery. Itisn niockeiy ofjustice.
The highwayman might as well seize my horse
and take him from me,and then offer meapittance.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HIGHY. Mr. Chairman, 1 am opposed
to the amendment. When slavery fired on Sum- ;
ter it left the Republican party ofthe United States
without a platform. That is the answer to the
gent!« man's sp-ech. To my mind the whole ar-
gument on this question is clearly in advance of
our.action. The Government of the United States 1
as a national Government recognizes no such in- J
siiuikm as members have been talking about for j
the last two hours. When the national Govern- j
ment goes out into the States for men to assist in |
fighting the battles of the country, it knows no
such msi itution in reality or in argument. Every
single recognition of such an institution is a con-
cession to it.
Now, sir, I put one distinct proposition to an-
swer all these arguments. If the States were, at
peace with one another, and if we were at war
with a foreign country, some of the States might
find it difficult to fill their quotas to an army of
the size that we are now demanding. Some mem-
bers upon this floor, or some States upon this floor,
have at least one Representative of this species
of property about which they talk. When they
come to take their slaves and count them five for
three white men, I think they will find they have
more than one Representative upon this floor who
is representing what they call property.
Well, sir, you will say the Constitution recog-
nizes this. Very well; then you may imagine
that for instance a dozen men in some State may
own slaves enough to entitle them to a Represent-
ative here in Congress; and yet, when ine Gov-
ernment goes into that district to get soldiers to
fill up our armies, it must depend upon those
twelve men alone to supply the quota of the dis-
trict. Suppose the quota for that district, for in-
stance, is twenty thousand men,are those twelve
men all you may call on to fill the;r quota?
I think if gentlemen will look at this matter in
a practical way they will see that, with that con-
struction of the Constitution of the United States,
you will be prevented from raising the men you
require to fill up the armies of the Union.
"Sir, in my judgment, the frovernment may
properly go into every State and every district
and take men to fill up its armies, no matter what
the color of their skin. They cannot properly,
in my judgment, take the white and leave the
black men; but the enrollment should include all
able-bodied men throughout the cou-ntry.
And why should these States which are cling-
ing to this institution be made an exception to the
general rule that has to be complied with in all the
free States? Sir, this whole opjftsitinn is but the
cry that there is more in this question of property
than there is in the Union. When men come here
to contend for such a proposition, they place this
question above the Union itself. I have no con-
fidence in such men, I care not how loud they
may proclaim their unionism, when they place a
mere question of property above the Union.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KING. I propose to amend by adding the*
following at the end of the section:
Prowled. No slaves shall either be recruited or drafted in
any tHate which has passed an ordinance of emancipation:
Piovidrd. houcvcr, That tint shall not prevent any master
ni- owner of a tlave, by the consent and agreement of taid
slave,lioin putting Finn into tlic United States military ser-
vice, and at a con-udeiation lor which the master or owner
bhali i dense any lurther claim to the service of said slave.
Mr. Chairman, I have no expectation that this
amendment will meet with the approval of a ma-
jority of the House, but lhave felt it my duty to
offer it, and upon it I propose to say a few words
about the peculiar circumstances in which Mis-
souri is placed m connection with this subject.
No State in this Union.has made or will make
so much sacrificc upon the altar of her country
as the {State of Missouri. It was demanded when
there was no sentiment in the State at all that
could control such a proposition that slavery
should be abolished in our State. It was urged
that that would be a means of the restoration of
the Union, that so long as the institution remained
m the State the Union could not be restored.
The slaveholders of my district, owning ac-
cording to the last census twenty-nine thousand
slates, agreed to sacrifice the last one upon the
altar of the country, if that could be instrumental
in bringing again peace and a restoration of the
Union. It would have been very easy for them
to have said, " Wc will not pass an ordinance of
emancipation,"and it would not have been done.
It could not have been passed except with their
consent. But they acceded to it,and upon what
ground? Upon the pledge, implied certainly, if
not positive, made upon the floor of the conven-
tion which passed the ordinance of emancipation,
by the provost marshal general of the depart-
ment of the Missouri, himself an able and hon-
orable man, and who would not have made a
pledge unless he thought he had authority upon
which to make it, that if the ordinance of emanci-
pation was passed they should not be molested in
their slaves, but the owners should be allowed to
possess them in quiet for the time allowed by the
ordinance. He himself pi oposed that we should
emancipate them in six years. Every other prop-
osition was thrown by. and under that pledge our
