1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
State agreed to emancipate her slaves in six years.
Yet , sir, right on the heels of that action, we were
not treated with that courtesy with which they
treated Kentucky. They sent recruiting officers
through our country, not only to the military
headquarters, to invite the negroes to come, but
they sent men roiyid to the plantations and into
the houses of the negroes, telling them they had
got to join the Army; that if they did not they
would be drafted into the Army and get no bounty,
while if they volunteered they would get $300
bounty; all such talk as that. In that way they
are taking all the able-bodied negroes, and leaving
only the lame, the halt, the blind and helpless in
the hands of the people, Is not that injustice? Is
not that a wrong upon the people of Missouri?
I olfer the proposition, and I do not know whether
it will be agreed to or not.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman,
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Harding,]
who last occupied the floor, and the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Harris,] who spoke some
time before, said that slaves were recognized and
guarantied as property by the Constitution of the
United States. I desire, categorically, to deny
that assumption as a point of law. The Consti-
tution of the United States never recognized a
slave as property. He is property, not by law of
the United States, but by the laws of the respect-
ive States. The Constitution of the United States
treats htm as a person, and only as a person.
Slaves go to increase representation. Direct tax
is required in proportion to numbers, and slaves
are counted; and the provision which prohibits
the exclusion of emigrants prior to 1858 author-
izes Congress to tax them as persons not exceed-
ing ten dollars. They are directed to be surren-
dered up when they shall have fled from service.
They are there treated as persons, and not as prop-
erty. They are property by the laws of the States.
If gentlemen say that the local law of a State can
so change the relations between men that it can
exempt them from the military seivice of the
United States they place the existence of the
United States at the mercy of the subordinate law
of the States. The States have only to dcclare
that every wife shall own her husband, and every
parent his son, and the Government is stripped
of everybody thatcan be subjected to military ser-
vice.
The gentleman spoke of robbery. Sir, the ad-
vocates of slavery should seek some other term of
reproach. Its origin was in robbery, and if time
and law have sanctioned it, they have not oblit-
erated its historic origin.
When the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Har-
ris] says that he looks for justice rather from the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
than from the two gentlemen from Maryland, I
desire to say that I owe no justice to the slave-
holders of Maryland. They'bcgan the war—who
will triumph I think events now show. When he
speaks of justice, allow me to say that they have
assessed their slaves at $14,000,000, and we are
now toid that wc are depriving them of property
to the value of $,30,000,000 to $40,000,000. Before
they speak ofjustice,lot them return to the treasury
of the State the amount out of which they have
plundered it. Then they can deal in imputations
of robbery and injustice.
I think that we have reached a fair, reasonable,
and equitable settlement, and I have contributed to
the best of my ability, as every one in this House
knows, to its attainment. 1 want to smooth the
roughness of the tiansition from one condition to
another. I have done more than I owed them,
and I will do no more.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I want to make
a short reply to the gentleman who has just
spoken. I am not surprised at the position that he
has taken. He has declared that he owes no
justice to the slaveholders, that they have been
his opponents. Docs the gentleman take the
position that because they have been opposed to
him-;—
Mr. SCHENCK. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I was about to
say 
Mr. SCHENCK. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I call the gentleman
from Ohio to order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would- inquire of the
Chair what the order of the House was?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
that after the twenty minutes wereexhausted, de-
bate should be closed in one minute.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is entirely contrary to
the understanding, and gentlemen over the way
know it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was not pay-
ing strict attention to the action of the House,
and he will call upon the Speaker to state what
the action of the House was.
Mr. COLFAX. The first proposition made
was to close-debate in one minute, the usual way
of stopping debate. Upon that the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] moved to amend
by increasing the time one additional five-minute
speech. After some debate upon that, suggestion
was made for ten minutes. Subsequently a sug-
gestion was made for two more speeches, and the
motion was finally put to limit debate to twenty
minutes; giving four five-minute speeches. That
was the understanding of the Speaker, and that
was the way the motion was put.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN. I fullyconcurin the state-
ment of the Speaker of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Such being the action of
the House, the gentleman fiom Maryland [Mr.
Harris] is not entitled to the floor.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, by striking out *'§300," and inserting
"$500."
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment offered by Mr. Stevens was
agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTfl. I offer the following,
to come m as an additional section after section
twenty-seven:
Jbid be it further cnactcd, That tins act shall not be so
construed as to autlionze Mit^titntes lor drafted persons to
be ptocuied fiom men nlieady in the Aimy.
Mr. HARDING. I rise to a point of order.
The Chairman omitted to take a vote upon the
amendment I offered by way of a proviso.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair put the ques-
tion to the House, and it was rejected by a very
emphatic majority. The Chair is sustained m
his recollection by the record at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In reference to my
amendment I will say that, in the fourth section
of this act, which was passed over very hurriedly
by the committee—no amendment being proposed
at the time—there seems to be an implication that
drafted poisons mayprocure substitutes from the
Army.
Mr. STEVENS. Your amendment applies to
persons "already in the Army." But suppose
their terms shall expire. If the gentleman will
adopt the words " while in the Army" it would
be very well.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 have no objection
to that. The object of the amendment is to pi-e-
vent the Army from becoming a recruiting field
for substitute brokers—a state of things which
would be demoralizing to the Army itself. 1
modify my amendment by adopting the word
" while" in place of (t already."
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I do not understand the
object of that modification.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is to prevent sub-
stitutes from being obtained among men who are
in the Army at the time.
The amendment, as modified, was adopted.
Mr.MALLORY. I move to amend byadding
a new section to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It is proper to state here
that a new section cannot be added to the bill until
after the twenty-eighth section—the last one of the
bill—is read. The gentleman can offer hisamend-
ment as an amendment to the twenty-seventh sec-
tion, but not as an inde pendent section.
Mr. MALLORY. My amendment is a forlorn
hope, anyhow, and I will offer it as an amend-
ment to the twenty-seventh section.
The amendment was read, as follows:
PioiuloU That the ri«ht is hcrebyie^ervd to the Statf§
ro-ppcnvclv to commission the officers to command the men
enrolled and diafted into the seivice of tue I'nited States
under the pioviaions of the bill.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KERNAN. Is it in order to move an ad-
ditional scction here, to come in after the twenty-
seventh section?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. ^
The Clerk then read the twenty-eighth section
of the bill, no further amendments being offered
to the twenty-seventh section.
Mr.WEESTER. I move to amend the twenty-
eighth section of the bill by striking out the words
" so much" and inserting the words " section#
nineteen and twenty," and by inserting after
" 1863" the words, " and so much of said act;"
so that it will read:
Sec. 28. Jind be it further enacted, That sections nine-
teen and twenty of the act entitled "An act for enrolling
andcaIlinc:out the national forces, and for other purposes,"
approved on the 3ddayofMareh,1863.aiidsomuchofsaig
act asmay !)t; inconsistent with the provisions of this act, is
hereby repealed.
The sections to which the amendment refers are
those which provide that whenever a regimentof
volunteers shall be reduced to half the maximum
number prescribed by law, the President may di-
rect the consolidation of the companies of such
regiment. Under these sections, which I propose
to repeal, promotions are virtually stopped in regi-
mental organizations. Whenever the number of
men in a regiment is reduced belowtherainimum,
which is about eight hundred, there can be i\o
promotion made to the colonelcy if it be vacant;"
and whenever a company is reduced below the
minimum there can be no promotion to a second
lieutenancy. The practical effect of this is that
there are now scarcely any promotions among
the field and line officers in the Army. That takes
away one powerful motive for distinction and for
the display of gallantry which actuates soldiers.
That motive is the desire for honorable promo-
tion. I have a letter here from a distinguished
officer in the army of the Potomac. He is a
lieutenant colonel, and is at present commanding
a brigade. His regiment was reduced at the bat-
tle of Fredericksburg below the minimum of eight
hundred, and from that day to this no sergeant in
it could be or has been promoted. He himself is
lieutenant colonel, although the Governor of the
State issued a commission to him as colonel just
after the battle of Gettysburg, for his gallant con-
duct there.
I appeal to the committee that when it is offer-
ing all these bounties to volunteers it repeaHhesa,.
two sections which take away from men in the
field that reward for meritorious services which
they should receive. There is to-d^y scarcely a
regiment in the army of the Potomac in which,
if it lose its coloncl by death, promotion, resig-
nation, or any other cause, the lieutenant colonel
can be promoted to the colonelcy. I have myself
left in command of the regiment with which I
have been lately connected as gallant and able an
officer as can be found anywhere, a lieutenal col-
onel commanding upward of six hundred men,
and who has been commissioned as colonel by
the Governor of Maryland, who yet cannot be
mustered in as such, because of the orders of the
War Department founded on the sections I wish
to repeal.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I oppose the amendment
of the gentleman from Maryland. If the object
of this bill were to encourage or regulate promo-
tions it might be well to adopt the amendment;
but if its object be, as it is, to get men into the
ranks the adoption of the amendment would be a
mistake. The best way after all to secure pro-
motion for these officers'is to give them plenty of
men to command. Then they will not be cut out
of their promotion in'consequence of the diminu-
tion of companies and regiments. While the op-
eration of this rule may have been hard in some
cases it has in the main had a good effect. It
lias allowed the cutting off of a lot of bad material
from the Army. I know that it has done much
good, although in some cases it may have worked
hardship. But by filling up the Army as we pro-
pose to do under this bill, promotions will go on
as before.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Ohio yield to me?
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield to my colleague on
the Military Committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to say a word
in addition to what the gentleman from Ohio liaa
said. I am opposed to the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Maryland for the additional
reason that the fact that promotions are not made
where regiments are reduced below the minimum
