1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ZT
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Eeport of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & IIo. <wr ©hps.
MARINE CORPS.
Difficulty has been experienced in keeping up
a. full complement of marines in consequence of
the high bounties paid for Army recruits. Many
whose time has expired, though preferring to re-
main with their old corps, have been induced by
extraordinary bounties to enter the Army. It has
not been the policy of this Department to resort
to the system of bounties for either the marine or
naval service, but circumstances may render it
necessary.
The colonel commandant recommends that the
corps, which, when full, consists of three thou-
sand men, should be increased to three thousand
five hundred. This increase would not be an
undue proportion to the naval increase; but a
large portion of the vessels now in commission
are of a description that do not require a marine
guard. If, therefore, the corps were full, the
present number would probably be sufficient for
present requirements. On a few important occa-
sions a battalion has been detailed for Army duty;
but the want of equipments and other causes ren-
der their employment in a service to which they
are not drilled, and to which they do not belong,
a question of doubtful expediency. It is a ques-
tion, indeed, whether it would not be better in
every respect to attach the corps permanently to
the Navy or the Army, and make it exclusively
subject to the control of one or the other brancho
of service, instead of occupying an equivocal po-
sition as regards both.
The discipline of the corps is excellent, and
among its officers are some who would do credit
to any service. It is earnestly recommended by
the colonel commandant that justice to the corps
requires that its chief should hold corresponding
rank with other officers who have like command.
I have heretofore respectfully submitted this sub-
ject to the consideration of Congress.
COAST SURVEY.
It is due to the officers connected with the coast
survey that the assistance which they have given
to our squadrons should be acknowledged. The
value of the information which they have fui-
nished our blockading forces throughout the war
cannot be overestimated. Not only on the coast,
but on the great interior rivers, they have aided the
service, and promoted its efficiency and its intel-
ligent action. Rear Admiral Porter expresses his
great obligation to a small coast survey party
that accompanied the Mississippi squadron, for
the maps and sketches which were used by him,
and consulted by the Army officers in guiding their
operations. They were constantly employed in
delineating the face of the country, gaining topo-
graphical and hydrographies! knowledge, com-
piling maps, and sketching, when the maps were
found to be erroneous. The squadron would
have been sometimes embarrassed without them.
War cannot be successfully carried on without
good maps, and the general or admiral who has
the best charts will have an advantage which
will go far to insure success.
LIGHTS AND SIGKAL? AT SEA.
With the view of preventing collisions at sea,
some alterations and improvements have been
made in the description of lights and signals to be
used, and also in the rules and regulations to be
observed by sea-going vessels when approaching
each other. Heretofore there has not been uni-
formity in these respects, and disasters have been
the consequence. In order that the law and prac-
tice may be universal among maritime nations,
the Governments of Great Britain and France pre-
pared a set of rules and regulations, which have
been submitted to the various maritime Powers,
and to which the attention of this Government
was invited the early part of the present year.
These rules, being very nearly those which had
governed the usage of sea-service, instructions
were issued to our naval officers to conform to
them. But these instructions are mere depart-
mental regulations, and do not extend to vessels
in the merchant service. In order to carry them
into effect, and give them the force of international
maritime law, some legislative sanction seems to
be necessary. It is also desirable these rules
should apply to vessels in the merchant service,
and all vessels on our rivers and inland waters
should be required to conform to them.
DEFENSE OF PORTSMOUTH NAVYr-jARP.
The exposed condition of the navy-yard and
public property at Portsmouth, New ftampshire,
requiring protection, and there having been no
garrison for the defense of that place, additional
measures to insure its safety became necessary.
Eleven 8-inch guns were accordingly mounted on
the old breastworks on Seavey's island, in front
of the navy-yard, and live guns of the same cali-
ber in the yard itself; and as there were no ma-
rines or soldiers to man them, one hundred con-
trabands were enlisted at Fortress Monroe, and
sent North for that purpose. They arfe in charge
of naval officers, and are being drilled in the use
of heavy ordnance.
THE BAINBBIDGE.
Following the practice in similar cases hereto-
fore, and with a view to such action as Congress
may deem proper, I take this occasion of bring-
ing to your notice, and that of the country, the
loss of the United States brig Bainbridge. This
brig, under command of Acting Master T. J.
Dwyer, sailed from New York on the 14th of
August for Port Royal, South Carolina, and, from
the statement of one of her crew, who was picked
up at sea, and claimed to be the only survivor,
the unfortunate vessel capsized in a gale off Cape
Hatteras, on the 21st of August. No further
tidings of the brig or those who were on board of
her having been received, and in view of the time
that has elapsed, there seems to be no doubt of her
loss with all on board, except the seaman referred
to. Jt rests with Congress to fix a day upon
which the vessel shall be regarded as having been
lost, in order that the accounts of those who per-
ished may be properly adjusted, and to make
proper provision for the families of those who
shared the fate of the Bainbridge,
CONTRACTS.
The system of making annual contracts.undcr
existing laws, by advertisement and award to the
lowest bidder, is attended with many difficulties
; and embarrassments, and often with loss to the
! Government. To a great extent the fair and hon-
est dealer is excluded, or deterred from competi-
tion, by the devices of the less scrupulous, who
resort to contrivances to evade the law, and se-
cure to themselves the contracts. Itis the object
of the Government to obtain good articles, at a
fair price, and the laws were intended to secure
this result; but by combinations, fictitious bids,
proposals from irresponsible persons, and various
artful schemes, the object of the laws is defeated,
and the means which were intended by Congress
to guard the rights of the fair dealer and the pub-
lic interest are perverted, to the injury of both.
When proposals are made to furnish the Gov-
ernment with supplies at prices below the market
value, as is done in many cases, the transaction
indicates fraud. Contractors do not intend to
make losing contracts with the Government, and
fair and responsible dealers do not make such
proposals. Such men are driven from competi-
tion by these improper practices. The law, how-
ever, permits no alternative but the acceptance of
the lowest offer, regardless of the character of the
individual who makes it, or the devices he prac-
tices.
Were the subject of purchase* confided to the
respective bureaus, under sanction of the Depart-
j ment, the Government would, I am confident, be
' better and generally more economically served,
j A degree of discretion can be intrusted to those
i officers, who are men of integrity and responsi-
ble to the Government, to discharge this duty
with fidelity.
ADVANCE IN WAG2S.
The enhanced prices in every department of
business,andeven in the necessaries of life,oper-
ate with peculiar hardship on many who are in
the Government service. In some instances, where
there is a fixed legal compensation, the circum-
stances oft he times have so changed values that the
remuneration received is scarcely sufficientfor the
subsistence of those who are in the employ of the
Government. The subject ie one that peculiarly
addressesitselfto Congress; anditmay be worthy
of consideration whether an advance of twenty-
five per cent, upon their present compensation
ought not in these cases to be made, to,continue
until one year after the tlofce of the war. In the
navy-yards,and publicand private establishments
generally, as large ior iarger advanee has h«ea
made to the mechtfnics^aad other empk*y€s.
expenses and -estimates, j J
The appropriations made for the fiscal year finding ifimo
30, 1803, were   $71,587,05:* 09
Expenses of the Department during same
time .....a 6$£11*105 Sff~
Leaving an Unexpended balance of..... $8,375,946 82
% This amount will, however, be absorbed in the
completion amiarmament of. vessels under con-
tract and the payment of other liabilities incurred
prior to the close of the fiscal year.
The expenditures have embraced, besides the
ordinary disbursements for the naval establish-
ment, the construction, in whole or in pari, and
the repair, of seventy-one iron-clod vessels bn the
Atlantic and western waters, the purchasing, re-
pairs, and alterations of three hundred and sixty
vessels, as well as ihe charter money for the ordi-
nary service, and for the search after piratical
vessels on the coast. " '
The estimates submitted for the fiscal yearend-
ing June 30, 1865, are as follows: .
Pay of the Navy   $19,^23,241 00
Construction audwpair of steam machinery, 39.352,000 00
Construction and repair of vessels  32,575,090 00
Construction of armorplated sea steamers, 19.,6GQ4O0P 00
Ordnance and magazines     8,603,946 00
Fuel, hemp, and equipment of vessel* 
Provisions and clothing   6,915,665 00
Contingent and miscellaneous  3.-8Q9.850 $)
Navy-yards and superintendents   2,558^448 GO
Maiine corpa   1,445,331 85
Surgeons' necessaries and hospital#  tJ58,5O0 00
Tables of navigation, nautical instruments,
and Naval Academy  366^873 55
$i42,6LS,785 40
These estimates arc large, but they are made
upon a war basis, and the present extraordinary
cost of material and labor renders a correspond-
ing increase of estimates necessary. Ou the, as-
sumption that the war will continue—no Oth':r
rule is a safe one—large additions are to be made
to our naval force, and the hard service to which
all our squadrons are subjected makes the repair
and refitment expensive.
A considerable portion of this expenditure will
be an investment for value received, and the ves-.
sols and property will remain.on hand .when the
rebellion shall be suppressed. The,efficient naval
vessels will continue 10 constitutethe arrrn d nav;tl
power that will be used to vindicate and defend
our national rights, or may be considered an eco-
nomical investment to insure peace. Such vessels
as may not be adapted to naval ocean service can
be sold to the merchant marine, from which many
of them were procured. Whatever sums may be
expended for docks, yards, buildings, machinery,
&e., will be permanent investments for the coun-
"T-
CONCICJIOK.
In concluding this report, it is with sincere
gratification that I acknowledge the able and e<S-
cientaid which I have received in the performance
of my official duties from the gentlemen who, in
their several grades, have been associated with
me in this Department, I have, on former occa-
sions, expressed my high appreciation of the ser-
vices of the Assistant Secretary and of the sev-
eral chiefs of bureaus, whose interesting reports
are appended. Additional experience otdy con-
firms this favorable opinion. I commend, also,
the faithful aiid satisfactory manner in which the
largely augmented clerical labors of the Depart-
ment have been performed. It bas fallen to me
to conduct the affairs of this Department during a
period of trial and sacrifice, in the course of which
our country, by an effort which challenges the
admiration of the world, has not only erealed a
naval power, but has successfully applied that
power in the most arduous naval enterprise ever
undertaken. When under such, circumstances,
devoting all iny energies to the duties of say po-
sition, and meeting all its grave responsibilities
to the best of my pfeility, I have been constantly
cheered and sustained by the assured conviction
that the Navy of the UHited States has achieved
a great and new historical renown; that it has ex-
pands and is expanding in a measure commen-
surate with flse exigencies of the cotuury and of
