1650
THE CONGRISSIOFAL GLOBE.
April 15,
said* " On the faith of this statement to mn by the
Secretary of War, I do not believe it will seri-
* ouslv embarrass me to allow the additional boun-
ties "
Mr. COWAN. Then the blame should be laid
on the Secretary of War, and not on the Senate.
Mr, FESSENDEN. 1 beg the Senator's par-
don. Thcblame is just as much to'be laid upon
Congress. We extended the lime on two several
occasions I believe,' and for several months.
Mr. JOHNSON; At their request.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Rut we did it, and we
knew what the effect would be.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
1 Mr. COWAN. I am not prepared to say what
my honorable friend from Maine knew, or my hon-
orable friend from Ohio knew, or what my hon-
orable friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
knew. 1 have no doubt they are a great deal wiser
than I am, and know a great deal more than I
do; but I confess that when I voted for extend-
ing the time within which the bounties were to
be paid I did not know that any disastrous con-
sequences were to flow from it, and I am not
prepared to say now that it was not the very best
thing to he done for the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is notthe question.
The Senator must have known, if he reflected a
moment, that if the time were extended longer
we should have to pay more money for bounties.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. FfeSENDEN. That was all anybody
else could know.
Mr. COWAN. But I was not in a condition
to dive to the fathomless depths of this Treasury
of ours to know exactly how much it could pay,
and how much itcould not pay. 1 took that from
the Secretary himself, and I do not think it is
proper that any censure should be passed upon us
for yielding to their solicitation m this matter be-
cause we might have known better. 1 might per-
haps have known better, but 1 did not know any
better. I am very free now to say that 1 do not
know that we did not do the very best thing we
could do under the circumstances.
I had hoped, Mr. President, that the honorable
Senator from Ohio would endeavor to show to the
^Senate how the bill was calculated to lemedy the
mischief of which he complains. He says that a
parcel of men get together in NewYoi k and they
bet upon the price of gold, and therefore he pro-
poses to make that unlawful. The obvious an-
swer to all that is, "Your bill does not prevent
them from getting together and betting on the
price of greenbacks. You do not make that un-
lawful, and that is doing directly what they aie
now doing indirectly." They now bet upon
greenbacks really, but ostensibly their betting ia
upon gold. That is the offense, that is the real
gist of the offense. If offense ii be, and if effect
can be produced fiom itut all,it is that they pro-
duce an effect on the price of our securities. Has
he shown that by this betting those seeurisiesare
affected one way or the other? Has lie shown
that the man who bets them up is weaker than
the man who bets them down ? I have not heai d
a word said upon that point.
He saya the Secretary of the Treasury thinks
that something good will come of the bill. Ft
looks in the right direction, the Senator from
Massachusetts says, and he tells us we ought to
try it. Mr. Piewident, I object to that species of
legislation—useless legislation, doubtful legisla-
tion. It was always a mischief, and I think no
one has a right to come here and ask us to vote
for a bill when he or the friends who advocate it
with him cannot show reasonably that it is to pro-
duce the desired effect. Has it been shown that
if you prevent gambleis from betting on gold to-
night they will not bet to-morrow upon green-
backs? Not at all. Nobody has shown that,
Ceitainfy one would be as disastrous as the other,
and the latter far more so than the former, be-
cause then they would be doing directly what we
charge them with doing now indirectly.
Another most significant peroration with which
all those who advocate this bill wind up is that
they do not know that it will be effective. Mi.
President, if the man who pioposes a law, and the
man whoadvocatesa law,and the man who makes
ft speech in favor of a law, do not know that it is
going to be effective, boware we to know? When
a gentleman proposes a measure here which has
gome pith and body and bone nod muscle in it,
and he explains it, I can understand how it is to
operate; but this I really do not understand. As
I-said before, I am opposed to this because I think
it springs out of that very condition of affairs
which is described by Mr. McCulloch, in the
book read by the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. [ think it comes out of a panic, an
unmanly panic on our part, an unmanly fear that
ourcreditisgoingdtfwn and that we shall have to
resort to one of those succedaneums, one of those
delusions which have so often deceived men in
order to keep it up. I would not yield to such a
panic. I willnotputupon the statute-book, so far
as my vote goes, any such monumentof ourfolly
as this would be. I do not want to have it handed
down to history heieafter that the American Sen-
ate in the year of our Lord 1864 tried to force their
currency bymeansof this kind,and 1 do not want
it said too that they tried to force it in the face of
all the historical precedents which had gone be-
fore, in the face of the assignats, (although they
were not redeemable!) in the face of the Conti-
nental money, which went away like frostwork
before the sun, in the face of all precedents, in the
face of the directrevolt of our reason and ourcom-
mon sense in regard to it; and I do not want to
do it at the bidding of anybody, whether he be
Secretary of the Tieasnry or whether he be not.
In imitation of the-Senator from Massachu-
setts, allow me to refer to a Roman precedent. It
was said of Cato, I believe, that he never made a
speech in the Roman Senate that he did not con-
clude with 14 Carthago delenda estCarthage must
be destroyed, i propose to adopt another form-
ula and to join in it again most heartily; instead
of ".Caithnge must be destroyed," I would say
again, along with those who have heretofore ad-
dressed the Senate, 44 We must pass a revenue
bill." It is an old joke; it came from the head
of the table; the Secretary of the Treasury started
it; he said it must be one that would pay one half
our current expenses. 1 agree with him thor-
oughly; and I say if we want to cure the depre-
ciation in our currency let us pass a revenue bill.
I hope that our new geneial and our newly re-
cruited armies, and the geneial spuit which per-
vades the countty everywhere, will achieve us a
victoi y, and that too will aid. Let us satisfy the
people (and 1 only repeat what eveiybody else
has said) that we fan put down the lebellion ; that
we intend to do it, and th .t we intend to pay our
debts after it is put down, and then people will
have faith in us and faith in our cunency, and
you may let the gamblers of New York bet and
bet as 'hey please, and they will never vary it a
hail 's-bieadth fiom the real gold sUndaid.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] to the amendment
of the Committee on Finance.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to strike out the
second section, winch requires the business to be
done at a pamcular place, and I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let the section be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sf.c. '2. And he it Jurthcr enacted, Thai it :-hall be 1'ur-
tliei unlawful lor any baukor, Inoker, or other pen-on, to
in.ike fin\ imtv!t,w 01 vale of any <50M com or bullion, oj
of any fnree.ru exchange, or any contract tor any-meli pur-
chase or bate, at <my other place than UiiiOidmuty place
bu-nu'f-s ot <>uher the -.cllei or pin chafer, owned ot lined
and occupied by inm individually, or b) a p.srtneiflnp ot
winch he 1-* a member.
Air. LAN IS, of Kansas. In December last,
when I undertook to investigate this subject in
New York, in talking with the loyal men there
who looked upon thus speculation as a great evil,
they all agieed in the opinion that this provision
was highly impoitant; and'I hope it will not be
stricken out.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—
yeas 15, nays 25; as follows:
YBAS— Met-sr*. Duckalow, Claik, Coilamer, Cowan,
I)avi-? Giitne-j Hauling, llendei-on, Ilcnthtelv>, Howe,
John-on. NeMinth, Powell, Sani-bujy, and Wiight—15.
iVA V>s — \le-o is. Anthony. Itrown, Chaudlet, Conner,
Di.von, Doolitde, Fe-^wideu, Foster, iialc, Uuni>, Litiic
ot Indiana, Lane 01' Kan^a*, Morgan, M-urill, Pmu.-roy,
UaiuM \, .Sherman, Spuiguo, Sumner, Ten E\ek, Ti uui-
bull. Van U'mkle, Wade, VViiley, and WiImju— -Jo.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HARRIS, I desire to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio a difficulty that arises under the
fifth section. This section very properly gives a
civil action for the recovery of the penalty pre-
scribed in the fourth section; but that penalty is
a sliding penalty, not less than $1,000 nor more
than $10,000. If a civil action were brought to
recover that penalty, how much would be lecov-
ered ? I think it would be better to fix the amount
of the penalty in the fourth section at a single,
certain, fixed sum.
Mr, SHERMAN. That subject was discussed
in the committee, and the proposition was made
to add the substance of the fifth section to the
fourth, as part of it; but it was suggested thg^the
penalty could be recovered as the bill Stands.
Mr. HARRIS. 11 cannot be done, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question was raised in
committee, and a very good lawyer thought it
could be done.
Mr. HARRIS. I think it would be better to
fix the sum. Perhaps $1,000 is enough and would
be better than a larger amount. I move, in the
fouith section, to strikeout in the third and fourth
lines the words "in any sum not less than," before
the words " one thousand dollars," and then to
strike out the words" nor more than ten thousand
dollais;" so that it will read, " be fined $1,000."
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator, be-
cause I know he wishes to accomplish the object,
to propose at the end of section four to insert these
words: "And in addition thereto shall pay a pen-
alty of $1,000 for each offense,*5' to make the pe-
cuniary penalty distinct from the punishment, and
then let section five prescribe the mode in which
the penalty shall be collected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The other sum varying
from $1,000 to $10,000 is penalty.
Mr. SHERMAN. But where a man is indicted,
I think then; ought to be a graduation to meet the
ciicumstances of the various cases.
Mi. FESSENDEN. It is already provided
that the penalty shall be a fine not less than $1,000
nor more (ban $10,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. That might stand as part
of the judgment on conviction.
Mr.'tlAURlS. 1 think it will be more simple
as I propose it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The VIC E PR ESI DENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from New York
to the amendment of the committee.
Theamondnientto the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. In the first section of the
amendment ,'m the eighth line, 1 move to sttike out
the words " or of any foieign exchange."
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is a desire to press
that amendment, I will state that to strike out for-
eign exchange will evade the whole bill and de-
feat its pin poses. Foreign exchange is gold.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not understand it so.
All. SHERMAN. Foreign exchange is gold
at a premium of nine and two ihiids per cent. I
think that is the fixed late, though sometimes it
may be a little moie or a little less. Gold and
foreign exchange are the same, and theiefore to
strike at dialings in foreign exchange and allow
foreign exchange to be bought and sold on time
would be to allow these persons to go on with the
same operations we desire to prevent.
Air. COLLAMER. . I do not wish to occupy
the time of the Senate unless 1 am compelled to
do so at some stage of thfs business, by making
any remarks about the Constitution of the United
States. I think it a subject almost of derision
lieie; with many gentlemen it is an object of de-
1 ision. As U is so in a <;reat measut 0, and a man
ia sneered at for mentioning t he Constitution, and
if he has a decent icspect for it and for his own
oath he is called a "timid" man, I do notwish to
take up much of the attention of a body where
such a subject is treated in such a manner. 1 will
merely say that I do not see how we have power
to foibid people, 01 to regulate, if you please,
people in making matter of trade in telation to a
bill of foreign exchange, any more than in rela-
tion to any other piece of property. Have you
power to forbid the buying and selling of foreign
eoods because the buying and selling of foreign
goods, it is said, occasions gold to be cciriiedout
of the country? 1 do not see how we have the
nower, where that power is found m the Consti-
tution, by which v. e can undertake to forbid peo-
ple hading in an article otherwise a lawfulaiticle
of commerce. Foreign paper is as much so as
