€04
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
is in itself a very strong inducement for the offi-
cers of regiments to procure recruits.
Mr. WEBSTER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him how can officers in the field do any-
thing to fill up their regiments?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think there has been
no time within the last twelve months when regi-
ments in the field have not had the opportunity
6f sending hame recruiting parties to nil up their
ranks, if these sections were repealed the result
would be that in all the departments of the Army
there would be hundreds of skeleton regiments,
reduced perhaps to two or three hundred men,
V?ith a full corps of officers—colonel, lieutenant
colonel,major,captains,and first and second lieu-
tenants—while there would not be enough men to
make more than two or three companies. The
practice of the Government is not to muster out
the officers when the regiment falls below the
minimum, but to let the colonel receive his pay,
until by death, promotion, or otherwise the posi-
tion becomes vacant.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WEBSTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. I do it simply
for the purpose of making one or two suggestions
in answer to the distinguished members of the
Military Committee who haveaddressed the com-
mittee. if these two sections are repealed as my
amendment proposes it will then be left discre-
tionary with the Secretary of War whether offi-
cers shall be mustered into regiments which are
below'the minimum or not. The proposition is
that if, forinstance, a regiment has seven hundred
and ninety men, the Secretary of War may in his
discretion permit it to have a colonel. If a com-
pany has seventy-nine men he may in his discre-
tion determine to allow a second lieutenant to be
mustered in; but if, on the contrary, a regiment
has not more than two hundred men and a com-
pany not more than fifteen or twenty men, in his
discretion he might then decline to permit new
officers to be mustered in. It will prevent hard-
ships from being imposed upon gallant officers in
the field.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. I renew the amendment, and
I desire to say in support of it that I approve
highly of the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Webster,] and 1 oppose the
views presented by the gentleman representing
the Military Committee on this question.
I have seen some little of the workings of rhat
law, and I believe its direct tendency is to do in-
justice to the gallantry of our Army. Why, sir,
when a regiment is decimated upon the field of
battle, will you not allow the gallant men who
remain the poor compliment of promotion? Will
you not give them the poor pay of promotion for
the risks they have run? Will you not rather
compel the Government to fill up their wasted
ranks and allow promotion to go forward notwith-
standing they have fallen below the minimum in
numbers? Theie are vast numbers of regiments,
some of them tin; most ili-strngui.-iixd fm Kaliant
service and heroism, who have fallen below I ho
minimum in numbers, and who cannot have n jno-
motion from corporal to second lieutenant simply
because the number falls one man, for instance,
below the minimum.
I say, Mr. Chairman, that this law operates
injuriously to the service, and that H strikes a
death-blow to the heroism of our gallant nu n. I
ask that this provision of the law shall be repealed.
Tiie amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Webster
was agreed to.
Mr. KERNAN. I propose the following as
an additional section:
Jindhr it further enactcd. That whenever the Provident
of the United Hi ate-* shall call for men for tin; nniitniy j-ci-
vice ot the United States by virtue of the act enmied" k<An
act for euioMiii^ am! culling out the national forces, ami
for other puiposus," appioved March U, 1*6:1. and ot Tins
act amending the same, the several State* ot the Union
shall he allowed and have twenty ila\-, and such turther
time as the President may giant,'from the time when the
Governors thereof, respectively, shall be olfiemllv notified
of the (juotaofins Slate andot the several districts thereof
under Micfi call, to furnish s.ud quota of men to and for
the milxtaiy seivice of the United States; and no diaft
shall be had under or by virtue of said acts except for the
deficiency of such quota at the expiration ot t-aid twenty
day-, or .-.iich tuither time a-* may be j/ianfd hy the Presi-
dent; and then the draft shall be had in each district for
the deficiency of its pioportion of &aid quota.
Mr. Chairman, 1 had drawn this section giv-
ing a longer time than twenty days between the
official notifications to the Governors of the States
and the draft, within which they might furnish
their quotas if they were able and willing; but
with the belief that the President would be wise
enough, if at the expiration of the twenty days a
State was proceeding successfully tb fill up its
quota, to extend the time, and wishing to make
the proposition as reasonable as possible I have
limited the time to twenty days,'so that if the
section should become a law the Governors of the
States would have twenty days within which to
fill their quotas, and if at the expiration of that
period the President did not extend the time the
draft would then take place.
Now, sir, it seems to me the experience we have
had during this war is such as to demonstrate the
propriety of this section. The States have been
patriotic and successful in furnishing volunteers,
while the draft has hardly been so successful as
to make it a remedy unless in the last resort.
Now in the State where I live, the£tateofNew
York, between April, 1861, and the 15th of De-
cember, 18G3, we have furnished two hundred
and ninety-two thousand nine hundred'and eighty-
two men. Of these, two hundred and thirty thou-
sand four hundred and forty-two were mustered
in for three years. Theresidue ofthethnty thou-
sand one hundred and thirty-one were mustered
in for two years; thus making two hundred thou-
sand and odd men for three years mainly, the
rest being for two years. Never prior to the con-
scription act did the State fail to fill its quota.
My proposition gives the opportunity to do it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to insert after
u States of the Union" the words, u if in the judg-
ment of the Piesulent it be consistent with the
public service." I wish to say that with that
limitation it seems tome that the amendment will
be in better shape.
Mr. KERNAN. It only gives twenty days.
My suggestion is to go on preparingforthedraft,
and if this stimulant be allowed you will never
have a draft.
Mr. GARFIEIJ). I think that a section like
that would be consideied directory on the Presi-
dent, and, unless in a great emergency, he would
follow it. 1 think that we ought not to tie him
down to the provision; that, however great the
danger or emergency, these twenty days should
be allowed. *
Theamendmentto the amendment was rejected.
ENROLLED BILLS.
The committee informally rose.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, repotted that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (II. R. No. 144) to indem-
nify the owners of the British schooner Glen, and
an act (II. R. No. 225) making an appropriation
for rebuilding the stable at the President's; when
the Speaker signed the same.
CONSCRIPTION AGAIN.
The committee then resumed its session.
The question recurred on Mr. Kernan's
amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 55,
noes G3.
Mr. KERNAN demanded tclleis.
T« Hera were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg, of
Michigan, and Kkiinan, were appointed.
The amendment was rejected; the tellers hav-
ing repoited—ayes G8, noes 72.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. 1 move to add the
following as a new section:
Ste.—• Jlndbe it Jmthn enacted. That any person who,
foi the put pose of proem uiiror aiding in the piocuienient of
a Mib-tume undei the piowr.ion-.ot tlu> act, or lor the pnr-
pn*e of procuring or aiding in the procurement of any vol-
ant eei toi t iie sei vice, of the I'm led .State?, under an v call or
ieiitn-ilion ol troop* hy the President ol ihe United States,
nt.ik' > anv taNe statement oi repie-«ujt<mon in wi  tmg, or
any athi m.uionoi oath in reject to the age of the piopiwed
sulMitute with the intent of procuiing the acceptance of
a :-ubMitnte oi volunteer who by rea<on of his being under
the asie of eighteen \e:ujs is legally disqualified fioui the
nnhtaiy service ol the United States, oi who hy reason of
hi.-being between the ages of eighteen and twenty-one years
iv de qualified in the alienee ot the consul in that ease re-
qntied hy l.iw, shall bo deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and «hall, upon eon vie turn before a eouit of competent jurt-.-
diction, he MJhjeet to a line or penalty of not less than ^2")0,
nor more than $1,(JU0, and to imprisonment or commitment
until Mich fine oi penalty shall he paid: *dnd His fm titer
provided, That any poison who, with the intent of proour-
ing the acceptance of a substitute or volunteer, shall falsely
represent himself as the father or guardian of any minor
proposed as a substitute or volunteer, and shall m such as-
sumed character give the assent required by law, such per-
son so offending shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall,
upon conviction in manner befoie provided, be subject to
a fine of not less than $500, nor more than $1,000, and to
commitment until such fine shall be paid, and in addition
thereto to such impusonment, not irforc than six months,
as the court shall direct.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this section with the in-
tention of remedying an evil of which great com-
plaint has been made. That complaint has ex-
isted in my district. I know that it has existed
in other districts in New York. I suppose that
it is general. I have known of numerous instances
where infants have been taken without the parent's
consent, produced before boards of enrollment by
recruit brokers,enlisted, and placed upon the list
of volunteers and sent into the scrvice of the
United States. I know of instances where the
infant was over eighteen and under twenty-one,
and required the consent of his parent or guard-
ian, and where persons who had never seen him
before have come forward and entered themselves
as guaidian or parent. Through these instrument-
alities fraud has'been perpetrated upon the Gov-
ernment and upon parents; and the section I have
proposed is to lemedy the evil.
Mr. WHALEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by Adding the following:
J2nd be it further cnactcd, That the troops of African de-
scent enli>ted under this act shall be organized into com-
panies, battalions, and regiments of their own color, and
shall be commanded by white officers.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Is the amendment
germane ? I make the point of orderthat it is not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. WHALEY. I now offer my amendment
as an additional section.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order at
this time. The question is upon the section of-
fered by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Davis.]
Mr. SMITH. I rise to a pointof order. I wish
to impure at what point, if not at the point imme-
diately preceding the amendment now pending,
the additional section proposed by the gentleman
from West Virginia [Mr. Whaley] could come
in > If it could come in as an additional section
it seems to me the gentleman had a right to offer
it at any time when he could get the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from West
Virginia has withdrawn his amendment, and the
question stands upon the amendment offered by
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. SMITH. The question I wished to raise
was whether the gentleman's amendment, as an
additional section, would not take precedence over
the other, if it was germane to the question under
consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from West
Viigima can hereafter offer his proposition'as an
additional section. The only question now be-
fore the committee is the proposition of the gen-
tleman from New York.
Mr. WIIALEY. Is it in order now?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
The amendmei.toffered by Mr, Davis, of New
York, was not agreed to.
Mr. WHALEY. I now move to amend by
adding the following additional section:
jJrul be xt farth.PT cnacted, That the troops of African de-
scent enlisted under this act shall be oigamzed into com-
panies, batUhon-.. and regiment* of then own color, and
shall be commanded by white officers,.
I desire to say that there is a deep interest
not only upon this floor, but a deep inteiest among
all the people North and South upon this sub-
ject. The people are desirous of knowing whether
we are to put these colored persons into the ser-
vice and mix and mingle them with the white
troops in our regiments or not. I suppose that
this deep interest has arisen from the fact that
a few days ago, in violation of law, there was
a colored gentleman in the&e galleries clothed in a
major's uniform, and with a major's shoulder-
straps upon his shoulders. It is an almost daily
occurrence that we meet with cases of this kind
in this city, and I desire to inquire upon what
authority these men are commissioned.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the member from West
Virginia know that this colored gentleman had a
commission 5
Mr. WHALEY. If I am not mistaken, there
