1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■mm
$600 for the support of his family,and if lie only
gets $600 for that support that you shall not take
any of it from him for the support of the Gov-
ernment. I desire to ask the Senator whether,
if that be the true theory, the family of the man
who earns $600 in some other way is not just as
dear to him and just as necessary to be supported
as the family of the man who earns $600.by his
own hands. Take for instance the man who
trades in a shop; the profits of his business have
been only $600; he has a family of little ones at
home; tney are to be supported just as much as
the family of a man who works in the mechanic
shop. Take the clergyman, if you please, who
lives on a salary of $60.Q^and there are very many
of them all through his&ountry and mine who do
not get more than that, with their families at
home. Shall they be taxed any more than the
man who labors only six days of the week with
his hands in some mechanical employment? Take
other professional men; take the lawyer who only
gets his $600 and has a family; take the doctor
who only has his $600 and has a family; and
there are many of both classes. Are they to be
taxed, and the man who earns it.with his hands
to be exempted? Would it not be invidious, and
would it not be exempting a class instead of all
the classes that were in a like situation?
I submit to the honorable Senator that the
cheating is not so much with these small men
who have only $600 as it is with the men who
have hundreds of thousands such as lie suggests;
but under this bill the incident that he mentions
cannot take place, because we propose now to re-
quire every person under oath to make his return
and to state what his income has been; and I sub-
mit that in the very case which he names the
fault was not so much in the law as it was in the
execution of the law, because all the assessors
have been furnished with blanks and regulations
by the revenue bureau, requiring a man to return
his income on this account and that account, and
to specify his credits, to state the account. That
might have been done; but if the assessor chose
to let a man say, " I will be taxed for so much
income,''it was the fault of the officer and not
the fault of the law, and there may possibly be
dushonest officers. We must do the best we can,
but a provision of this kind would not reach such
cases.
1 suggest to the Senator that his amendment
reaches a very small class and a very worthy
class, when he should have directed it against the
men who have large property. I hope the amend-
ment will not be made. I hope that while we are
taxing heavily—and I agree to all that has been
said in regard to the necessity of taxes—we shall
not begin by imposing heavier burdens on those
individuals who have the leastand take from them
what they need for the support of their families.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. As it seems we cannotadopt
anything that will increase the taxes, i propose
now to diminish the expenses a little. I move
to amend the twenty-second section of the bill by
striking outall after the word-" quarterly," in line
four, to the word "and" in line ten, and to in-
sert:
And in addition thereto, wliere the receipts of the col
lection district shall exceed the sum of $900,000, and shall
not exceed the sum ol $400,000 annually, one half of one
per cent, upon the excess of receipts over $200,000; where
the receipts of a collection district shall exceed ,"$400,000,
and i-hall not exceed $600,000, one fourth of one per cent,
upon the excess of receipts over $400,000; where the re-
ceipts shall exceed $600,000, one tenth of one percent, upon
such cxresrf. H ut the salary of no assessor shall in any case
exceed the sum of $4,000.
The words which I propose to strike out are:
And in addition thereto, where the receipts of the col-
lection district shiill exceed the sum of $100,000 annually,
one half of one per cent, upon the excess of receipts over
$100,000; but the salary ot no assessor shall m any case
exceed the sum of $4,000,
This amendment will offer an inducement by
paying something for the assessment where the
collections in the district are over six hundred
thousand dollars. By the bill as it now stands, the
assessor gets a fixed salary and then he is allowed
a certain percentage up to a certain sum, and when
he gets that sum he has no particular inducement
to go on and assess other property where he may
find it. I propose by this amendment that he shall
have as much as $3,000 where the collections
reach $,600,000; that is $1,500 salary and a per-
centage up to #400,000, and then a certain per-
centage to $600,000, and one tenth of one per cent,
on all over six hundred thousand dollars, so that
if the amount collected should be $1,600,000, the
assessor would get $1,000 additional percentage,
making altogether $4,000. 1 think that amount
abundant. I think $3,000 is salary enough for a
man whoassesses property which yields $600,000,
and then 1 would hold out an inducement by giving
him one tenth of one per cent, to go on and get
more if he could, limiting his compensation, how-
ever, to $4,000.
I have before me a statement which shows that
by the bill as it now stands before us we are now
raising salaries very largely. Forty assessors now
receiving $3,000 will get under the bill as it stands
$4,000. Ten assessors receiving $2,500 will get
$4,000. Forty assessors receiving $2,000 will get
$3,200. Fifty-five assessors receiving $1,500 will
get $2,700. It will add to the assessors altogether
$181,000 m salaries. There are two thousand five
hundred and forty-eight assistant assessors. The
average number of days per month service on
their part is twelve days. The addition proposed
by the bill to their salary for a year on that basis
is $366,912, making an aggregate increase of
$547,912. 1 am of the opinion that we ought not
to increase these salaries. My amendment will
increase the salaries of about forty assessors a
small amount.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that the
question which the Senator suggests was consid-
ered carefully by the committee, and they finally
settled down on the bill as it now stands. We
had a great many representations made to us on
the subject. We did not make any calculation to
show how much the bill would increase the pay of
assessors taking the whole country through; we
were not furnished with those statistics; but we
took into consideration what the assessors in
small districts would be likely to receive, being
aware too that in some of the large ones the pay
must be increased somewhat, and we deemed it
necessary that it should be. The result of the
amendments which have been made on the mo-
tion of the committee will be that the matter will
probably be in debate and be considered in a com-
mittee ofcoiiference. We moved our amendments
principally with a view to have the matter left
open for further consideration. 1 am very glad
the Senator has presented the statistics. If his
amendment should be adopted, the result proba-
bly would be that there would be a disagreement
which would remain to be considered by the com-
mittee of conference, but I think he would attain
his object as well (presuming that the same course
will be taken with the bill as was taken two years
ago) by submitting his amendment, with the sta-
tistics he has, to the consideration of the commit-
tee of conference that will be appointed.
I hardly think it advisable to make the change
he has suggested, for the reason that there is a large
number ot' districts, very much the largest num-
ber of districts, where there is not $200,000 as-
sessed and collected. Many districts range some-
where from sixty to a hundred thousand dollars.
In these he would confine the salary to $1,500. It
may be enough, perhaps, in such cases, and we do
not propose to give any percentage on the first
$100,000, but I think when the collections are
above $100,000 probably $1,500 would not be
enough to meet the necessary expenses which
the assessor must be at and pay him a fair re-
muneration. I think, therefore, it is hardly ad-
visable to make the change, but of course the
whole matter is for the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 am very glad that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has offered this amend-
ment. When I read the bill before I thought these
rates of compensation too high, but I did not un-
derstand the subject well enough to make any sug-
gestion in regard to it. When we are taxing the
people so heavily I do not think it is a time to
give very large salaries. Four thousand dollars
is a very enormous salary in the country districts,
and in cities I should think good men could be
had at very much less rates.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not a fixed sal-
ary, but it is a maximum, and there are very few
districts where that maximum will be reached.
At any rate we changed the bill as it stood origin-
ally in this respect, with a view to have the mat-
ter open to furtherdiscussion. It was represented
j to us, and we were certainly induced to believe,
I that there were some districts where the maxi-
mum formerly fixed, $3,000, is hardly sufficient
to obtain the kind of men that you must bara io
discharge these duties faithfully. Take, for in-
stance, the city of New York; you cannot gel
men to devote their whole time to the duties-for
the salary now allowed. In the present state of
the currency of the country it. only amounts to
$2,000 actually, and you want first-class men and
you cannot get them for that sum in your large
cities, where the expenses of living are really very
high. You cannot get there the kind of men that
you want and must have in order to collect your
revenue, for that sum. I am perfectly convinced
of that; and as the districts where the maximum
will be reached are so few, we predicated it upon
the necessities of the time, believing that what
we lost by the slight addition to the maximum of
salary we should very much more, than gain by
having the right kind of men, willing to accept
the office and to discharge the duties properly, it
may be that we are mistaken; I have no pride of
opinion about it; but it was in reference to that
consideration that the salaries were raised, anil in
view of the increased prices of living growing out
of the present state of the currency, which really
makes the matter worthy of consideration. As
I said before, however, the committee had no
other object than every gentleman here ought to
have, and undoubtedly has, to effect the great pur-
poses of the bill at as reasonable a rate as we can.
Mr. GRIMES. If 1 agreed with the Senator
from Maine that it was necessary in order to se-
cure the services of the right sort of men to fix
the salary at $4,000, I should vote with the com-
mittee, but I do not exactly agree in that opinion.
I believe the services of as competent men as there
are in the country can be secured for less than
the amount which has been fixed by the Commit-
tee on Finance. I have never beard that there has
been any trouble growing out of the declinations
or resignations of gentlemen who held these of-
fices in New York or Boston or elsewhere. I
think that if there should happen to be a vacancy
by death or resignation there would be an abund-
ance of patriotic gentlemen in each of those cities
who would be willing to fill the vacancy. Nor
do I altogether concur in the suggestion that ii is
very expensive to live in the cities. Only last
Sunday I was reading a Boston paper in which
there was an account of a meeting of boarding-
house keepers—it seemed to be a very huge one
—in which they fixed the price of board, aside
from lodging, at four dollars a week. That is no
higher than board in the cities of the Northwest.
I do not know how it may be in New York. I
only cite this illustration of the expense of living
in Boston from the fact that .a meeting of this
body of people, a very respectable body of people
everywhere, determined that they must increase
the price of board, aside from lodging, to four
dollars a week. We furnish these men with their
offices, and,according to the returns made to the
Commissioner from some of the Boston assessors
and collectors, we furnish them most luxuriously.
Mr. HENDRICKS. During this session I
have been a good deal embarrassed about what
whs my proper duty in respect to the question of
salaries. 1 appreciate the suggestions of the Sen-
ator from Maine touching the expense of living
in view of the condition of the curiency; but if we
go into a general increase of salaries it is haid to
tell how much the expense of the Government will
be increased. In this city there is a very large
class ofclerks, generally intelligent business men,
who get $1,200. I do not see how they live and
support their families; and yet my acquaintance
with that class of gentlemen satisfies me that most
of them are fit to be assrssors under this law.
They are generally intelligent business men, and
I should think one half of them were fit for these
places; if they are fit xo be clerks, I know they
are; I know it from my connection with the pub-
lic offices at one time. I do not feel that 1 can do
what I should like to do, if we do justice to the
Government under the circumstances.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, it matters
not how much patriotism there is in the country,
and how men are disposed to go into this war
with a perfect rush, when you appeal to the pock-
ets of the people and begin to impose on them
the onerous burden of taxation they conmie.'ee
to count the cost and look about th<"T,, Yfji
should do nothing to make our utx; bib unpopu-
lar or any more b^rnenoiom? to the country
