1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I6&
foreign goods are. That is the trouble I have
witii it. i do not suppose it is worth any time.
The value of the time of the Senate is too groat
for me to occupy it in useless dissertations.
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply to the Senator
from Vermont, I will say that I certainly do not
object to a constitutional point being raised.
Mr. COLL AM ER. I did not speak of it as if
it could be made a point of order on any man
here. [Laughter.] It has not got quite to that.
I do not think the gentleman can make it a point
of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was trying to relieve my-
self of the imputation the honorable Senator was
casting on all who are in favor of this bill. It
does seem to rrie there is no practical constitu-
tional difficulty. This bill does not prevent any
citizen of the United States or any foreigner from
buying all the foieign exchange he can pay for,
and gold too. Bat it prevents him from buying
foreign exchange that he cannot pay for. That
is all there is about it. He has no right to appeal
to the courts to enforce a contract for foreign ex-
change, unless lie got the foreign exchange at the
time of his purchase and paid his money for it.
Mr. CGLLAMER. I do not know but that
the genthnnan thinks that an answer, and I pre-
sume he does think so. 1 think it is none at all.
It is cei tamly a very weak one, in my judgment.
He might as well tell me, "You shall not buy a
piece of Joieign bioadcloth unless you have got
the money to pay for it."
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Government of
the United States have undoubtedly a right to
prevent tins speculation.
Mr. COLLAMER. A right to prevent a man
buying on credit ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, and I think it would
be a wise pi ovision to leave the law of debtor and
creditor simply to the honor and good faith of
individuals, and let neither State nor nation at-
tempt to enforce individual contracts of that kind
between citizens. That, however, is neither heie
nor there; but certainly the Slates and the United
States have the right lo deny to any class of cred-
itors the use of their eouits to enforce a particu-
lar kind of debt, and H is done in many cases.
We deny to all courts the power to enforce a gam-
ing coniiact. Why? Simply because to enforce
such a contract would be mjuiious to the public
morals. We may deny to the courts of the Uni-
ted States the right to enforce a contiact like this,
which we consider us a gaming contract, and we
may declare it void and punish it as an offense.
This is all the bill does.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not suppose the gen-
tleman really desires when rising here so to-apeak
as in some way or other to induce me to make an
argument on this point. 1 do not know, however,
but that I shall be obliged to do so. When I got
up I meant to disclaim doing it, and did not mean
to do it; but if the gentleman insists upon it, as
he seems to put his points as if they were inca-
pable of being answered, a nd I suppose he thinks
so, though to my mind they have nothing to do
with the question, I may have to make an aigu-
nient on the subject; but I shall not take time
now.
Suppose it to be true that you can forbid the
use of the United States courts for enfotcing a
gaming contiact m/ide in the city ofNew Yoik,
is that this bill? No, sir. This bill is an attempt
to say, if you call this a earning contract, and I
have no objection fo its being called so, that the
United States will by law render that contract
void everywhere. The bill is not simply that a
party to the contract shall not have the use of
our eouits to enforce it, but it is an attempt here
to say that a man shall not have the use of a State
couit oi any othei court, and imposes apenalty.
That is what is attempted to be done, and it is a
mere evasion of the gentleman to try lo get out
of it by saying that we may forbid the use of our
coiuts for the enforcement of certain contracts.
That is not the point before us. The bill forbids
all courts everywhete from enforcing them.
So, too, 1 observe that, when the gentleman was
answering in some measure what was said by the
honorable Senator from Maryland, he said these
are gaming contracts, and he asked, " Is it not
right foi us to make laws against gaming, do we
not make them in this Dismctr" Did that an-
swer tiic objection? The objection was that we
had no power to impose penalties for gaming m
relation to contracts made within a State, aud yet
the attempt is made to lead us off by saying you
can do it in this District. That does not answer
the point.
But, Mr. President—and I shall not occupy
further time now—I do not expect that the words
I have moved to strike out will be put out of the
bill. I expectthem to be retained in the bill,and
1 expect the bill to be passed, and 1 expect it to
be passed as a complement to a certain other bill,
referred to in the letter, on which this is founded.
This bill is put as a complement to another, form-
ing part of a plan. I understood that to be so. I
expect that U will pass, and I expect to vote
against it; but it may be my duty in relation to
myself personally to occupy some little time in
giving the reasons why I feel called upon to vote
in that way. I shall therefore say no more about
it at this moment, but merely notify the Senate
that, if I can be permitted, at some time before
the bill passes, I desire to be heard upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont to
the amendment of the committee.
Mr. CLARK. In view of the wish expressed
by the Senator from Vermont I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. DIXON. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DIXON. I understand the Senator from
Vermont wishes to speak, and therefore I with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CHANDLER. 13y unanimous consent I
ask leave to make a motion that when the Senate
adjourns it be to Monday.
Ah. LANE, of Indiana. I object.
Mi. DIXON. 1 withdraw the call for the yeas
and navs.
Mi. FESSENDEN. I object to withdrawing it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The call cannot be
wiihdiawn, objection being made.
Mr. CLARK. I have no desire to take up the
time of the Senate in calling the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn, and if the Senate will per-
mit me I will withdiawthe motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Iiampshne can withdraw his motion by
unanimous consent. Is there any objection?
Mr. POWELL. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That being ob-
jected to, it cannot be done. The Secietary wili
therefore proceed with the call.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas'23, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Me->r.-. BucUalew, ("link, Collamer, Cowan,
Davi^, Jmxoh. Uoohtiie, I-'o<-tet, Grime's, liaidiri}:, Hams,
ileiidiiclo. Johnson, Lime of Indiana, Lane oi Kansas,
Morgan. Mornll, Ne-initli, Pomeioy, Powell, S.tuUbuiy.
Willev, ami Wnyht—:2'3
NAYS—"\Ie>M^. Anthony, Brown, ('handler, Conner,
mien, fid'*, ! {<'nd''r-oiu Flow aid. Howe, Ramsey,
Sheim.m, Spuupie, Humnei, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Van
Wiiiki'', Wade. YVilkm:-oii, and WiKon -1'.).
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjoui ned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday", Jlpril 15, ld(J4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. II. Chanjsing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
UOKHECTJLON.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I rise to a privileged
question. On the vole on the motion made by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] to lay upon
the table the resolutions censuiing his colleague,
[Mr.Lo^G,] I find that I am not recorded. Idid
vote m the negative; and 1 ask that my vote shall
be so recorded.
it was ordeted accordingly.
ESTABLISHMENT OF ARSENALS.
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up House bill No. 206—an
act in addition to an act for the establishment of
certain arsenals, which has been returned fiom
the Senate with an immaterial amendment.
There was no objection: and the amendment
of the Senate was concurrcd in.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendment was concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EVENING- SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent,to
inuoduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That, until otherwise ordered, this House Will,
commencing on Monday, the 18th in-tant. take a recess
from halfpa^t tour o'clock until seven o'ciock, p. m., of
each day, for the purpose of holding night sessions for the
transaction ofbusiness.
Mr. BLISS. I object.
Mr. WASHBUR&E, of Illinois. Lgenerally
agree with the gentleman from Iowa, but in refer-
ence to these night sessions I confess I do differ
from him. I am in favor of our sitting here dur-
ing the day and attending to the public business.
PENSIONS.
Mr. WHALEY. I am entitled to the flooron
the special order, and 1 therefore report back from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions House bill
No. 359, supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to grant pensions-," approved July 14, 1862.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing:
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, That chaplains in the
Aimy and then dependent- s-hall be entitled to the benefits
of the act to giant pernios, approved July 14,1862, on the
conditions therein prei-enbed, m the same manner as if
such officeis held the tank of captain.
That was provided for in ti bill which passed
some days ago, and it ought theiefore to be
stricken out of this bill.
Mr. WHALEY. As I understand the bill re-
ferred to has passed the Senate, I have no objec-
tion to the amendment,
Mr. Holman's motion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a thud time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the thiid time, and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVES OF ABSENCE.
Mr. STltOUSE. I as>k that my colleague, Mr.
Philip Johnson, shall have leave of absence for
a few days.
It was so-ordered.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I ask that
Mr. O'Neill, of Ohio, shall have leave of absence
for ten days from Monday next.
It was so ordered.
MONTANA.
Mr. I3EAMAN. I submit the following re-
port from a committee of conference.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The committee of conference appointed to consider the
di-agreeing votes of the l\\o House-* on the bill (U.S.No.
]f ) entitled "An net to pros hie ,\ temporaiy government
foi the Territory of Montana,5' havimr met, after a fuil and
free eoniercnee have agreed to report to their iespeetive
Houses and recommend a- luilow.s :
That the Hous-i' i«ievdo I'toin their di^fi^rcirfent to the
fust amendment of the Senate, and agiee to the same.
That the Senate iceede irom their f-eeond amendment.
That the House recede Uom then d«?agieemout to the
third amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
B. F. WADE,
J. fi. LANE,
\V. SPRAGUE,
Managers on the put of the Senate.
F. C. BEAMAN,
J. M. ASHLEY,
Managers on the part of the Home.
Mr. BEAMAN. I shall not make any remarks
upon this report at this time, because I believe
it is well understood, and that every gentleman has
made up his mind in what manner he will vote.
I therefore demand the previous question on its
adoption.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the report be laid
upon the table.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negoative—yeas G6, nays 66, the Speaker
giving his casting vote in the negative; as fol-
lows :
\ HAS—JHe-^rs. ,Tame< O. Allen, Baily, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Franeis P. Blast, BJi-^,Brooks, JamesS. Brown,
cl.u. Coffroth. Coy, (Jraw-n^. Cre-uveij, Henry Winter
D.ivi- Dawson. Oeni.-'on, E ion, Eldudge, Fmck. Gannon,
Glide.', Hall. liatduiL', Hemek,' iJoiman, Jltrtelrnrs, Wil-
li.un Johiwm, Kalhfietseh. ivernan, Law, Lazear. Long,
.Malloiv, M.ucv, jMeLtowHI. McKnmey, Wifhniu II Mil-
ler, Jam-- R. 'Mom.-. IUom*on, Nelson, Noble, OdeH,
Pendleton, Prujn, Samuel J Randall, William fi. Randall,
llol)inson,K<>trei*, .Fame' S. Rollins, 6c hen ok. Hcott, Smith,
Smithon-, SiBbbin^ John B. Steele, Wiiiiam G. Steele,
