'2628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
large than; is barely possible; and I know of no
feature in the bill which is more (Calculated to dis-
satisfy the public mind of the body of the com-
munity—the tax-payers—than the provision for
the undue increase of the salaries of those per-
sons who are employed in the assessment and
collection of these taxes.
i know that there isa great anxiety on the sub-
ject of increasing the salaries of persons engaged
'in this duty; and it is perfectly natural that it
should be so. Men "want to benefit themselves
and receive a large reward. But there haw been
just as strong an interest in procuring these ap-
pointments, and that interest is felt to this day;
and there are thousands of as good men who have
..not these appointments at the hands of the Gov-
ernment who are fully as competent as the in-
cumbents, and who would be willing to take the
appointments and stipulate not to ask for an in-
crease of their salaries. I did not the other day
vote against the amendment of the committee,
though I thought it very impolitic indeed, which
proposed to raise the per diem allowance of the
deputy assessors, increasing it a dollar a day
more than they have been in the habit of receiv-
ing. 1 have some knowledge of the class of per-
sons who are employed as deputy assessors.
They are worthy men; they are excellent men;
but they are men many of whom are receiving
almost double what they have loceived for any
employment in which they have heretofore been
engaged.
How does it strike a community, either a man-
ufacturing town or an agricultural district? You
send your tax-gatherers into every hole and cor-
ner; they are numerous; there are swarms of
them; it is necessary that there should be a large
number; and the men who have to pay the taxes
ascertain the amount of these men's salaries, and
they make a difficulty about it. It makes the
law unpopular, and u is one of the many reasons
why the patnotinm ofthe country, which was so
warm and plowing at the start, haw coolrd off and
become chill; and 1 fear that if too heavy bur-
dens i e put on !t may die out al I oget her. I want
the war cairied on; I want ail the taxes raised
that we can possibly raise to lceop down the pub-
He debf, and to insure tin-payment of interest on
our public debt. One of the means of doing it is
to keep dawn the expenses of the collection of
the internal revenue. 1 want to relieve the syn-
tem from the objection which is raised to it and
the odium cast upon it on the part of the great
mass of the community because ofthe amount
deducted from the fund for the purpose of de-
fraying the expenses of collection.
Mr. EESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays; anil (hey were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. By the hill as it now stands
an assessor who assesses $600,000 will get a sal-
ary of #4,000. By the amendment which I pro-
pose an assessor who assesses $600,000 will get
a salary of $3,000, and $8,000 is enough. We
sit here for $3,000 a year. Our services may lie
worth very little; but I think they are worth quite
as much as those of the assessors irt the, various
congressional districts, if an assessor assesses
over ^600,000 I propose to give hmi one tenth ol
one per cent, on the excess until he gets up to
,000,000, where 1 propose to stop There aie
some largo districts that raise over $000,000, and
we ought to encourage the assessors to go on and
assess for the Government all that ean he as-
sessed; hut by the provisions of the bill as it
stands he gets his salary of $4,000 when he gets
up to §(>00,000, and he has no motive to go further.
I believe this amendment is right, and ought to
be adopted.
Then I propose to add another provision. 1
notice m the bill that eleiks are allowed to be em-
ployed Without limitation. 1 know that frauds
have been committed by some of these awf-'csors.
fn one case an assessor employed a boy as clerk
and paid him twelve doihus a month and charged
the Government six hundred n year. In another
district the assessor used the assistant assessnis
and mule them do thy work, and then charged
i he Government for their pay as clot ks.
M;. JOHNSON. In what iState was thai?
Mr. WILSON. In the State of New Yoik.
Mr. FOOT. The assessor should have been
icpoited and discharged.
Mr. WILSON. Some of these offending as-
sessor ha\o been leported, and some others will
be reported. I am in favor of fixing the salaries in
this act as they ought to be, and giving as little dis-
cretion to anyhody as possible. Three thousand
dollars is enough for any assessor in this coun-
try who assesses £600,000. I propose to give a
percentage above that, simply as an inducement
for the assessor to go on and get something more
than §600,000 for the Government. 1 shall further
propose an amendment, in another section, to pro-
vide that the allowance for cleiks shall not exceed
$3,000 for any one office. In some cases of two
offices that collect the same amount of money,
one does it for one third the clerk hire and one
third the expenses ofthe other. I have read the
list of the districts of the country, and have com-
pared them carefully, so that I know whereof I
affirm when I say that abuses exist in some of
the offices.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suggest to the Senator,
(for really I do not feel disposed to contest his
amendment very much; I like the principle of it,
and was originally in favor of it in committee,)
whether he does not make the minimum a little
too high; whether tin assessor, if he assesses over
$100,000, should not be entitled to a commission
of one half percent. Of course I do not want to
meddle with the amendment, as he has prepared
it, but 1 would suggest whether this $1,500 is sal-
ary enough in all eases where an amount less than
$200,000 is assessed.
Mr. WILSON. My reason for fixing that min-
imum was that in those districts where we collect
loss than two hundred thousand dollars the peo-
ple are generally poor people, and in those parts
of the country the expense of living is not very
great, and a salary of §1,500 is probably as high
a salary as is paid to any public officers. It
seemed to me I hat a salary of $1,500 was sufficient
for the assessor in a district where he did not as-
sess more than $*200,0 00.
Mr. G LUM ES. The judges of the circuit court
in my State g<;t $1,350 a yenr, and they have on
an average <-ight counties in a disfnetto which
they go twice a year; and we propose to pay these
assessors who are permitted to have deputy assess-
ors in every county in the district, $1,500 a year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The assessor must go
into every county.
Mr. GRIMES. He goes in once; he is there
| a day. Tin- business is all done in the counties
by the deputv assessors.
Mr. I'T'SSENDEN. I do not object to the
amendment very much individually; but as chair-
man of the committee, I stand by the amendment
proposed by the committee. 1 must say I like
the principle of this amendment very much, and
1 have been irom t he beginning in favor of it; but
it seems to me the minimum is very high. I think
the Senator from Massachusetts had better change
it to $100,000. We shall got more revenue by it
in that way, beetmsc there aie \ery few districts
that go up to $300,000, and a great many that
stand between $ i00,000 and $900,000, and it might
induce it large number of assessors to make every
exeition to get the revenue up.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator,! understand,
agrees to the principle of my amendment; he sim-
ply proposes that instead of saying that on all
exceeding y}00,000 one half per cent, shall beal-
io \v< d , the com mission shall begin with $300,000.
That would add -something to the expense; but it
m"rhl be some inducement, and I will agree to
s:nke out " fwo"and insert " one." 1 so modify
the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I nuber advanced an ar-
gument against myself. 1 meant to say that there
was a v-iy large number of distiicls. m my judg-
ment— 1 do no! know how nimiv—where the rev-
enue does not come up to $100,000, and they
might piobah! v take e.\tia pejus to bring it up to
thai --urn jfth   i<>n began thue.
M \GH1MKS. Vou have about doubled, ae
I understand, or expect todoubie the leceip!^ by
this bdl. Theie is haully a district til the coun-
try that is so poor that it ha.' not yielded in the
neighborhood of eighty or ninety thousand dol-
lars under rhe law ;is it now stands. Under this
bill 1 ta.ee it w e are going to icah/e m any district
hardly less than $*200,000.
Mr. FESS EN 1>EN. It is not of seiy great
importance how you fix it if you introduce this
system, because it will ail come under the revision
ofthe committeeof conference finally which will
examine it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts may modify his amendment
by unanimous consent, the yeas and nays having
been ordered,
Mr. WILSON, t think on consideration I will
not do it, in view of the fact that we are largely
increasing taxation. 1 think most of the districts
will he over two hundred thousand dollais.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS — Messrri. Brown, Cailile, Chandler, Coilnmor,
Conner, Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Font, Foster, Giimes,
Hale, Il.irlan. Hanis, Hendwwon, Hendricks, Kick?, lame
of Indiana, Morgan, L'owwfy Itamsey, Snul&buiy, Sher-
man, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Tiumbull, YVade, Willey, and
Wilson—09.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckulew, Claik. Fessen-
den, Johnson, Ne^mith, Richardson, and Van Winkle—8.
ABSENT — Messrs. Dixon, Harding, Howard, Howe,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morrill, Pomeroy, Kiddle,
Spraguc, Wilkinson, and VVriglit—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. 1 propose to amend the twenty-
second section in the eighteenth line after the
word " compensation"by inserting " notexceed-
ing $3,000 for any one office."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Senator
that the committee have considered that subject,
and the Senator from Wisconsin, who is not in
his seat, [Mr. Howe] has an amendment to cover
that whole matter. We are cognizant of the
abuses that have existed, and think we have pro-
vided against them.
Mr. WILSON. Very well. But T wish to
ask the Senator in regard to another amendment.
In line twenty-three of that section we have
amended the House bill by striking out §3 50 and
inserting $4 a day as the pay of assistant assess-
ors. I suppose it is not in order now to strike
that out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No. You can object to
it when it comes into the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I slia'd have to defer that, then.
1 want to ask the Senator further if m the fiftieth
and fifty-second hues of the twenty-second sec-
tion, before the word "assessors," the word
" collectors" ought not to be put in ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. The collectors
stand by themselves in another portion of the bill.
This section relates simply to assessors, and has
nothing to do with collectors.
Mr. WILSON. 1 propose in section twenty-
three, line twenty, to strike out '* Commissioner
of Internal Revcnue"and insert " accounting offi-
ceis-," and 1 wish to state why I do that. 1 think
that the money ought not to be paid over to the
collector; 1 think he should not settle these ac-
counts, but they should go to the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury, where all other accounts
h°Mr, FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sena-
tor that that whole subject is under consideration,
and we propose to materially change the whole
frame of the bill m that respect. The Senator
fiom Wisconsin has a series of amendments to
ofl\ r, when they are perfected, in that respect.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask the Senator if
in the twenty-fourth section, on page 27, these
words are to be ictamed in the bill:
Th,U the Secretary of the Tre.istny be authoiizod to
make micIi t'arthei allowances, fiom time to time, as may
he le.e-oiiaiile in ease& in winch, fiom theteintori.il extent
of the (li-'t) iot. or fiom the amount of internal duties col-
lected, or fiom other circumstances-, it may s>ecin just to
niakf such allowances.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir, we propose to
retain them.
Mr. WILSON. Then I move to strike out
those words, and I do it for this reason: I do not
think the Secietary of the Treasury ought to
have any discretion m the matter whatever. 1
have as much confidence in the present Secretary
of the Treasury as any other man in the country
can have or ought to have; but 1 do not think he
should be no*v allowed m the law any discietion
in the matter. When we established the system
there might be reasons for it because we did not
understand how it would work; but the act is in
operation, the condition of every district is well
known by the letutns that are made, and 1 hap-
pen to know that every efloit has been made arid
every influence brought to bear to getallowanccs
from some parts of the emmh y for these officers.
So long as the Secivtaiy of the Treasury is nl-
