THE: qQNg&ESSIQNAL GLOBE.
April 15,
Strottse^Stnart, Sweat, Thornfis. Webster, Wheeler, Chil-
ton A.* White, Joseph W. White, Winfield, Fernando
Wood, and Yeaman-—66.
'KAYS—Messrs. A Hey, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ashley,
John I). Baldwin. Baxter, Beainan, Blaine, Boutwell,Boyd,
Bfp.omail, William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Cole,
Dawes, Dewing, Diiggs, Eckley, Earnsworth, Frank,
" , ilc  
McBride. McClurg, Mclndoe, Morrill, Daniel Moms, Amos
Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, ChaMes O'Neill, Orth,
UtlUerR^jvl^rhain, Pom<3roy7 Price, Alexander H. Rice,
John H, Rice, Edward H,, Rollins, Shannon, Sloan, Ste-
vens, Thayer, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Ellhu B. Wash-
burho, WSlKam B. Washburn, Williams, Wilder, Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—68.- ' u
• 'So the report was not laid upon the table.
During the vote,
. Mr. I-IOLMAN stated that,his colleague, Mr.
IScgerton, was detained from the lipase by ill-
ness.
Mr. EDEN made the same statement in. refer-
ence.to Mr. Harris, of Illinois.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN stated that if he had'been
within the bar when his name was called he would
have voted in the affirmative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. UPSON. I call for tellers upon ordering
the main question to be put.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ashley and Mr.
Holman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 65, noes 70.
So Ihe main question was not ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order now to move
that the House adhere to its original bill, with a
view to raiding the question whether there shall
be an appointment of a further committee of free
conference?
Mr. ASHLEY. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that we first take a .vote upon
the question of agreeing or not agreeing to this
report; and then, if the House teject it, we can
attend to that matter.
Mr. HOLMAN. But the motion to adhere
covers the whole ground.
The SPEAlCER. The report of a conference
is of so high a privilege that the motion to agree
tp it overrides everything else, and, as it brings
the two Houses to an agieement, ft takes prece-
dence over everything else. The motion to ad-
here may be received, and after the motion to
agree is voted down that motion may be put.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I will enter my motion.
Upon agreeing to the report.of the committee I
calf for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ash-
ley, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Bovd, Am-
bro>e W. Clark, Cole, D<iw ->. Drigg>>, Dumont, JBclclcy,
Farnswortfl, Ftaok, Garfield, Gooeh, Higby, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, John II. Hubbard, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Or-
lando Kellogg, Loan, Longyear, Maivm, McClnrg, Mcln-
doe, Moirill, Daniel Morris, Amos Mv civ, Leonard Myeis,
Charles O'Neill, Patteison, Petlmm, Pike, Pi ice, Alexan-
der H. IUce, John H. Rice, Eriwaid II. Rollins, Shannon,
Sloan, Stevens, Upson, Van Vnlk<nhui£ih, William B.
Wa-hbum, Williams, Windom, and Woodbtidge —54.
N AYS—Mesvr*. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Baily,
Augustus C. Baldwin, Francis J'. Blair, Bli<*, Brooks,
J.uni's S. Btown, ('hauler, (.'lay, Coifioth, Cox, Cjaven*,
Cre.-well, Henry Winter Davis, Dawson, Deimng, Dem-
*>on, Eden, Eldridge, Finck, Ganson, Grider, Hall, Hardms;,
Benjamm G. Harm, Merrick, {lohiian, /Uabd W. Hub-
baid, lltnchm*, William Johnson, lCaUiflei«eh, Kas>on,
Francis W. Kellog", Kenian, Knapp, Law, Lazear. Long,
Mallory, Marcy, MeBride, McDowell, McKmney, William
li. Miller, JjtmiH R. Morris, Morrison, Nol-on, Noble,
Oddl, Oirh, Pendleton,Pomeroy, Piu\n, Radford, Samuel
J. R>uid;i!I, William II Randall, Hobtn^on, Holers, James
S. Rollins, Ro^s, Schenek, Scott, Smith, Smithes, Stub-
bing John H. SfeWe, William G. Steele, Strnuse, Smart,
Sweat,Thayer,Thomas,Traev, Vooihees, Elibu B. Wash-
burne, Weh-ter, Wbaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, Wilson, Wmfield, Fernando Wood,
and Yeaman— 83.
So the report was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 now call up my motion. I
would inquire of the Chair what will be the effect
of the House adopting a motion to adhtfte?
The SPEAKER.. The effect will be that the
House will adhere. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. And will the effect be that
no other committee of free confeience can be ap-
pointed except a* the instance of the Senate?
The SPEAKER. Committees of conference
have been appointed after a motion to adhere has
been adopted. But the Chair cannot anticipate
the action of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. The point which I wish to
get at is whether,after the adoption of a motion
to adhere, the House itself, without the request of
t"he Senate, could appoint a committee of fiee con-
ference.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will turn
to the Journals of the Thirty-Fourth and Thirty-
Fifth Congresses, and also to the Manual, he will
find that committees of conference sometimes take
place after one House has adhered.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move that the House in-
sist, and ask anothef committee of conference. •
Mr, WEBSTER. I desire, if the motion can
be amended, to move to amend by instructing
the committee as follows:
And' that said committee be instructed to agree to no
repott that authorizes any other than free white male citi-
zens, aed those who have declared their intention to be-
come such, to vote.
The SPEAKER. That motion can be made
as an independent moxio.n after the motion is
agreed to to appoint a committee, or it can be
offered as an amendment now.
Mr. BEA.MAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COX. One word about this question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan demands the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN, 1 wish to make an inquiry.
Mr. BEAMAN. I think I, must insist upon
tiie previous question.
Mr. COX. 1 think we can vote down th,e pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER The Chair will state the
order in which the question will be put to the
House.
Mr. COX, I rise to a point of order. I do not
know that the gentleman from Michigan called
the previous question.
TheSPEAKER. The Chairsfated that he did.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Webster] afterwards offered his amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman did demand
the previous question after that time. Gentlemen
should be as willing to believe the Chair as the
Chair is to believe gentlemen.
The Chair will state the questions pending be-
fore the House. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] moves that the House adhere to
its disagreement; the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Beaman] moves that the House insist and
ask a committee of conference, which takea pre-
cedence of the motion to adhere. Pending that
motion the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Web-
ster] moves instructions to the committee of
confeience, which will be the first question taken
if the previous question is seconded.
The previous question was seconded—ayes 55,
noes 52.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont asks unanimous consent to make an in-
quiry of the Chair.
Loud cries of" Object!"
Mr. MORRILL. Then I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to any debate.
Mr. MORRILL. If this amendment shall be
adopted, will it not permit a mulatto who declares
his intention to become a " free white citizen " to
vote? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not regard
that as a question of order.
The mam question was then ordered, being first
upon the instructions proposed by Mr. Webster.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were otdered.
The question was taken; and ir. wasdecided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays G7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Baily,
Augustus O. Baldwin, Fiancis P. Blah, Bliss. Brooks,
James 9. Biown, William G. Bimvn, ('hauler. Clay, Cof-
troth, Cox, Ciavt ns, Creswell, Demy Winter Davis, Daw-
son, Denison, Edrm.Eldrid^e, Finck, Gannon, Grider, Hall,
Harding, Benjamin G. Harris, Heiriek, Holman, Hutch-
in*, William johnson, Kaibfleisch, Kernan, Knapp, Law,
Lazear, Long, Mallory, Marcy, McBnde. McDowell, Mo-
Kinney. William H. Miller, James It. Motrin, Morrison,
Nflson, Noble, OdfH, Pendleton, lindhml. Summd J. Ran-
dall, William U. Randall, Robin-on, Royeth.Jame&S. Koi-
lins,Ross, Seott, Small, Simtheis, Stebbni^, Jonn B. Steele,
William G. Steele. Strouae, Stuait, Swat, Thomas,
Tracy, Voarheon, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, WinfieJd, Fernando Wood, and
Yeamah—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ash-
ley, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, BoutwelJ,
Bojd, BroomaH, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb. Cole, Dawes,
Dcmmgr, D-ripgs, Dnm'ont, i^anisworth, Frank, Gooch,
Ginmelf, Uigby, Hooper, Hotdhkks*, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Jpbn. H. Hubbard, Jeuclces, Jalian, Keliey, Francis W4
Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Loan, Longyeai,Maivin,Mc-
Cluig, McfHdoe, Samuel F. Miller,Mofrill, Daniei Morris,
Leonard "Myers, Norton, Charles'^O'Neill,Ortli, Patterson,
Perharo, Pike, P.omeroyyPi'tee, Alexander H. Rice, John
li. Rice, Edward II. RolhuSj Schelicjc, Shannon, Sloan,
Stevens, Thaj'er, Upson, yau Valkeuburgter Eiihu B*.
Washburne, William "B. W&slitwm, Williams, "Wilder,
Wilson. Windom, and Woodbndge—67.
So the instructions were agreed" to.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the instructions were agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mi-.Beaman's motion
that the House insist on its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate, and ask a further con5-
ference, with the instructions voted by the House.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY. Has the morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has; and the next busi-
ness in order is the consideration of reports from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
LAND BUSINKSS.
Mr. DRIGGS. 1 desire to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to set apart next Tuesday,
after the morning hour, for the consideration of
business- reported by the Committee on Public
Lands, the House having used up the two days
set apart for that business.
Mr. MORRILL. After next Monday it is pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means to
ask the House to attend to the internal revenue
bill, to the exclusion of all other business. I
must, therefore, object.
Mr. DRIGGS. Do I understand the gentleman
to say that after Monday next is set apart for the
consideiation of the internal revenue bill?
The SPEAKER. No, but the Committee of
Ways and Means notify the House that they in-
tend to call up that measure after Monday.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I suggest to
my colleague that he ask that to-morrow be set
aside for the business of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. FENTON. To-morrow is set apart for
the consideration of the currency bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the bank bill was postponed until to-morrow.
That bill was not made a special order. It was,
an ordinary postponement, which would perhaps
bring the bill up in a week or two or later. The
measures that antedate it are the bill in regard to
the rebellious States, which isnow aspeend order
from day io day, in the House, after the morning
hour; and two earlier postponements, the bill in
regard to public buildings m the Territories, re-
ported by the Committee of the Whole, and the
amendment to the Constitution offered by the
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
If they were out of the way, the bank bill would
be reached to-morrow after the morning hour.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. That bill is
not yet printed, I believe. 1 ask that Monday be
assigned for the consideration of the business of
the Committee on Public Lands.
" Mr. DAVIS, ofMatyland. I object.
UNEMPLOYED GENERAL OFFICERS.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] to yield mc the floor
for a moment, that I may submit a motion to
postpone a hill.
Mr. ALLEY. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move to postpone the special
order in relation to unemployed generals, on ac-
count of the expected absence of the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs for ten days.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman submit his mo-
tion to postpone indefinitely?
Mr. ASHLEY. I move to postpone for ten
days.
The motion was agreed to.
