1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
priation. The office of the Commissioner is to be
under the supervision and control of the President
of the United States. The Commissioner is to
transmit his estimates annually to the Secretary
of the Treasury, and his annual report to the
President. He is to draw all his requisitions upon
the Treasury direct. His salary is to be $3,900
per annum, in full for the performance of all his
duties. The fourth section of the act of May 2,
1828, conferring certain powers on the President
of the Senate and Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives relative to the Capitol and its police,
so modified that the appropriations to pay the
Capitol police shall be disbursed by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings,is continued in force.
M,r. FOOT. I do not propose to occupy any
considerable time in debate upon this bill. The
bill simply provides that the work on the Ceipitol
extension, the new dome, and the Patent Office
building shall hereafter bo under tho supervision
and control of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, and that all appropriations hereafter made
for the public buildings in the city of Washington,
excepting for the enlargement of the Treasury
building, which has always been under the con-
trol and direction of the Secretary of tlie Treas-
ury, shall be* disbursed by the Commissioner of
Public. Buildings, subject, however, if the pro-
posed amendment be adopted, to the appellate and
supervisory powor of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, as provided by the act of 1849 creating that
Department.
From the commencement of these works, I
think in the spring of 1851, until their suspension
in the spring of 1861, they were placed under the
supervision and control of the War Department;
and during all this period of time they were placed
by the War Department under the general super-
'intendence of an Army officer, a scientific mili-
tary engineer. The reference of the supervision
of these works to the War Deportment was made,
not by act of Congress, but by order of the Pres-
ident of the United States.
In April, 1862, by joint resolution of Congress,
introduced in the fust instance by myself, reported
and recommended by the Committee on Public
Buildings, the supervision and control of these
works was transferred from the War Department
to that of the Interior Department. Upon the im-
mediate resumption of the works, Mr. Walter,
who had been the architect on the building from
the beginning, was reappointed by the late Sec-
retary of the Interior, Hon. Caleb B. Smith, and
the Commissioner of Public Buildings was ap-
pointed disbursing agent, and without ahy com-
pensation aside from his salary of §2,000 a year
as Commissioner of Public Buildings. Congress,
however, and upon the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Interior, appropriated $500 as a
compensation to him for this extra service. But
no general superintendent was appointed, and for
the veiy good reason that at that stage and prog-
ress of these works there was no necessity for
it. The contracts for the marble, the granite, the
iron castings—all the contracts for the principal
materials of the building, with the exception of
certain lighter articles purchased from year to
year in open market—were made, many of them
years before, and while these buildings were un-
der the superintendence of the War Department; i
and most of them were executed in full or in pai t. S
The plans and drawings and designs of the build-
ing and its various compartments had been made
for the most part; and there were also overseers
or foremen of the stonework and brickwoik,
and of the vaiious departments of the Capitol
extension.
What possible necessity^ occasion could there
be for incurring the expense of a general superin-
tendent at this time? What was there for such
an officer or agent to do which did not fall within ;
the proper duties of the architect and of the Com- (
missioner of Public Buildings acting at that time j
as the disbursing agent of the buddings.'' Tite j
architect himself, by virtue of Ins office, is a gen- |
eral superintendentof the whole work,sofarforth, !
at least, as to see to it that the work is properly
and faithfully executed.
I repeat, then, that there was no possible need of
a general superintendent in addition to the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings and the architect,
and so thought the Sate Secretary, Mr. Smith; and
none was appointed during his administration of
that Department, and none was appointed until
th'e commencement of the present fiscal year, on
the 1st of July last, when the present Secretary
of the Interior, influenced, no doubt, by an hon-
est and earnest desire and expectation of facili-
tating the progress of the work and of reducing
the expenses of the work, especially in the ex-
ecutive or administrative force employed upon it,
discharged the Commissioner of Public Buildings
from his office as disbursing agent, and appointed
a general supeiintendentand disbursing agent at
a salary of $2,500 a year, and who receives also
an additional salary of §500 a year as disbursing
agent of the Washington aqueduct.
Plow far the desire and expectation of the Sec-
retary of the Interior have been realized in this
regard, 1 am unable to say. 1 have great respect
for the Secretary of the Interior; 1 have confi-
dence m his judgment; I have entire confidence
in his integrity; 1 accord to him an earnest desire
and purpose, so far forth as he may be able to do
it, to facilitate the progress of this work, and to
do it with the greatest possible economy. lie
may have erred, howevei; he may have mis-
judged, as I think he has, in the matter of this
appointment of a general superintendent at this
time, and yet governed by the mostearnestdesire
and purpose of subserving the public interest.
Nor would I attempt to disparage the character
or the conduct or the qualifications of the person
selected by him as general superintendent. I
place the argument in favor of this bill and of this
change upon broader grounds than upon tho move
personal consideration of the fitness or the unfit-
ness of the present incumbent for the position of
general superintendent. I put it,upon the broad
ground that there is no occasion for such an office
or for such an agency at the present tune. I have
only to say, and to insist upon it, that at the pres-
ent advanced stage of these works the appoint-
ment of the present incumbent or of any other
pel son as general superintendent was not callcd
for by any considerations of public interest.
The office, or agency, or whatever you please
to call it, is viituaily a mere smecuie; and what
I mean by that is, that there is nothing for such
a superintendent to do but what may be done and
ought to be done, and which for more than an
entire year was done, and equally well done, hy
the architect and the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, and the seveial ovei^eeisoi foiemen
oftheseveial departments of the public woiks,
especially when we consider that nil thof-c were
under the supervision and control of the Secretary
of the Interior himself. If any of these executive
employes, tiny of these overseers or foremen upon
the works, or even the architect himself, proved
incompetent or unfaithful, it was the duty, as it
is the province, of the Secretaiy of the interior,
and of him alone, to temovc them. If there arc
more of thorn than the public service requiies at
any tune it is the province of the Secicuu-y, and
his alone, to reduce the uutnbei to the .KcesMtir,-;
of the public service. Does the Seeietaiy of Ua:
Interior lequire the aid or the advice of a general
superintendent m thai behalf; oi cannot the archi-
tect, under whose constant observation these per-
sons are placed, aid and advise him as well?
Mr. President, if the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, m conjunction with the mchitect, and
one as eminent as Mr. Walter is acknowledged
to be, can do all that is required of this geneial
superintendent, and can do it as well, why shall
we incur the additional expense of employing
this additional offieei } Why shall we pay the
salaries of two officers instead of one when the
duties of both can as wll bo performed by one?
Is theie any reason for it? Is there any leal jus±«
ificatioii foj it?
Besides, the unnecessary multiplication of these
officers or agents acting in some sort of capacity
as genetal superintendents over and about the
same woik, their duti< s and poweis not being
severally and distinctly define d, is ca.l"u!nted to
produce, and m fact it does produce, disagree-
ment, misundei standing, a nil embarrassment, and
necessarily divjdosand lessons the responsibilities
of each, and causes serious practical inconven-
ience, not to say positive mischief. This is the
inevitable consequence, it is but another illus-
tration of the homely old household proveib, that
" too many cooks spoil the broth."
Moreover, the immediate charge and diiection
of these woiks, now so near completion, seem to
belong most appropriately to the office and to
come .within the scope of the.general duties of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings. The title of
the office itself indicates the general nature and
character of ita duties. The supervision of this
work pertains to and is part of the very business
for which the office of Commissioner of Public
Buildings was created. This bill confer^ no new
or peculiar duties upon the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings outside of his general duties as Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, and as prescribed
by law. It invests him with no new or extraor-
dmarypowers. Section elevenof the act of July
21, 1840, United States Laws, ifelume six, page
815, provides:
" That it shall be the duty of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings to form all the contracts and to disburse all
the money* lor materials furnished or labor performed for
the public buildings," &c.
And this is. the law to-day, unrepealed and
without modification, except so far as the acts of
tho Commissioner of Public Buildings may be
controlled by the appellate and supervisory power
of the Secretary of the Interior as provided by
the subsequent act of 1849; and it is not proposed
by this bill to take away from him that super-
visory power.
Another consideration. This office of general
superintendent about which we are speaking is
one not known to the law. Its powers and duties
aie not prescubed or defined by any law. In-
deed it is not an office in any sense within the
technical meaning of that term. Itis a mere agency,
and a secondary agency at that.
Mr. COLL AM Ell. What fund is he paid out
of, and by what authority ?
Mr. FOOT, tie is paid by the Secretary of the
Inteiior or by his authority, outof the appropria-
tion lor these buildings, just as the architect and
other employes are paid. I say it is a mere agency,
and a secondary agency at that. The Secretary
of tho Interior—being unable to give his personal
attention to the supervision of this work, for it is
practically impossible—selects whom he pleases
as his agent to act in his stead, fixes his salary,
and prescribes his duties.
Now, I submit, is it not better, is it not safer,
will it not be more satisfactory to the public, that
the immediate supervision and control of these
works, (subject, of course, all the while tothesu-
pei viwory power of the Secretary of the Interior,)
and the disburacmcnt-of the large sums of money
appropriated for these objects, &hall be confided to
some person, to some officer of the Government
in whose appointment the Senate have a voice,
appointed upon nomination of the President, with
the advice and consent of the Senate, in refer-
ence to whose fitness and qualifications for this
irnpoitant and responsible trust the Senate may
have an opportunity to make investigation and
to form its own judgment?
J ask, will not this course be more safe, more
satisfactory to the public, than to commit so im-
portant and responsible a trust as this to a mere
secondary, private appointment, to a mere agent
of some Government officer, and about whose fit-
ness and qualifications for so important a posi-
tion we have no knowledge, no means of knowl-
edge, and have not the opportunity of making in-
quiry into and of infonmngourselves in advance
of his appointment? Without further remark I
bubmit the question to the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, as a mem-
ber of the committee from whom this bill comes
1 was very reluctant to differ with the chairman,
but upon an examination oft he question I wasco un-
polled so to differ. I was the more reluctant from
the fact that when I was appointed upon that com-
mittee I felt that my manner of life and habits of
study did not very well qualify me for the inves-
tigation of the subjects that would properly come
before it, but 1 felt that I was bound to discharge
ray duty upon the committee as well as I could.
I have looked into this subject somewhat, and
I cannot support this bill, and I think that Sen-
ator who have listened to the argument of the
distinguished Senator from Vermont will be un-
able to pcrceive any very strong reason why the
bill should be adopted. Does he say that the
woik «s not well enough progressing now? Does
he say that tins work, as it is nowsiccording to law
underthe cbaige of the Secretary of the Interior,
is* not being conducted with cconomy? Neither
of these points is made by the Senatorfrom Ver-
mont in favor of his bill; but itis simply an arbi-
