1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165§
STEAMSHIP LINE TO BRAZIL.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee or) the Post
Office and Pust lioads, reported a bill (H. R. No.
-288) authorizing the establishment of ocean mail
steamship service between the United States and
Brazil.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Postmas-
ter General to unite with the general post office
department of the empire of Brazil, or such officer
of the Government of Brazil as shall be authorized
to act for that Government, in estabhshingdirect
mail communication between the two countries
by means of a monthly line of first-clu'ss sea-going
steamships, to be of not less than two thousand
tons burden cach, and of sufficient number to per-
form twelve round trips or voyages per annum,
between a port of the United States north of the
Potomac river, and Rio de Janeiro, in Brazil,
touching at Saint Thomas, in the West Indies,
at Bahia, Pernanibuco, and such other Brazilian
and intermediate port or ports as shall be consid-
ered necessary and expedient; provided the ex-
pense of the service shall be divided between the
two Governments; and that the United States por-
tion shall not exceed $150,000 for the performance
of twelve round trips per annum, to be paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated.
The SPEAKER. This being an appropria-
tion bill, it requires unanimous consent to be con-
sidered in the House. Is there objection?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir;
there is.
Mr. ALLEY. Is it in order to withdraw the
bill?
The SPEAKER. This day being set apart for
the consideration of the business of the Post Office
■Committee, the Chair thinks the gentleman has a
right tu withdraw the bill.
Mr. ALLEY. If the gentleman from Illinois
will withdraw his objection, m order that 1 may
submit some remtuks to the House, I will give
the hill the direction he desires.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdiaw
the objection.
The SPEAKER. The Ch air will state that if
the appropriation m the bill be required to bo paid
out of the proceeds of the Post Office Depai tment,
the bill would not be regarded as an appropiia-
tion bill. But when it is to be paid out of money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, it is
an appropriation bill, and must be consideied in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. ALLEY. T will make that modification.
Mr. Speaker, this is a very important bill, and
I purpose to present the mam reasons in its sup-
port, confining myself as briefly as possible to
those points that I deem most important, as I
am aware that the time of the House is precious,
and I desire to consume as little of it as possible
in unnecessary discussion.
The policy of Great Britain in aiding by pe-
cuniary assistance the extension of ocean steam
navigation has been productive of results so be-
neficent to her trade and commerce that we may
well piofit by her example.
Mi. MALLORY. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to ask him a question?
I know that Great Britain has practiced the policy
of establishing steamship intercourse with foreign
nations, but I suggest that lhat Government, like
all other good Governments, has always bcfoie
establishing these ocean lines attended to her own
inland communications. I inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads why it is that a bill to establish these mail
lines to foieign countries is introduced into this
House before that committee has matured what
we of the West feel particularly interested in, the
establishment of communications between the
Atlantic Suites and the Pacific ocean. I under-
stand that that bill has been resting m the hands
of the committee for some time, and that a report
cannot be had on that subject. 1 should like to
have that bill acted upon before we undertake to
establish these long lines of communication with
foreign countries. Let us attend to home mat-
ters first.
Mr. ALLEY. That bill has been considered
by the committee, and it was to have been ic-
poitecMjuck this morning; but there was some
little disagreement in regaid to some details in
the committee, and it was thought best to defer it
till another meeting, feut we shall take the ear-
liest opportunity to present the bill to the House
and to solicit action upon it.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would like to have the
chairman of the Post Office Committee state to
the gentleman from Kentucky that the overland
service is now being performed, and well per-
formed, and that nobody complains.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand that, Mr.
Speaker, but we want it better performed. What
I am anxious for is the proposition advised by
the Postmaster General, that that contract shall
be converted from a ** star bid" into one requir-
ing contractors to run four-horse coaches on that
route. That is the one I allude to.
Mr. GRINNELL. Then the gentleman is in
favor of the Government going into the business
of carrying passengers across the continent. I
do not go iti for that myself.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I ask the Speaker
what question is before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is speaking by unanimous consent.
Pie reported a hill in regaid to mail communica-
tions with Brazil.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I understood that
that bill wa«! withdrawn.
Mr. ALLEY. I do not so understand. I in-
tend to move an amendment changing the appro-
priation so as to make it payable out of the pro-
ceeds of the Post Office Department.
The SPEAKER. The Chair ruled thatthe gen-
tleman from Massachusetts could withdraw the
other bill, otherwise it would have gone to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The gentleman did withdraw the bill, and went
on to speak by general consent.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I submit that he
cannot speak unless there is something before the
House.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not like to make ob-
jection; but I cannot consent that members here,
without seeing their committees, shall change the
features of bills. I think it wholly irregular, and
therefore 1 object. I do not understand the gen-
tleman [Mr. Alley] to say that the committee has
authorized the presentation of a new bill.
Mr. ALLEY. The committee has authorized
me to report this bill, and are very anxious that
the bill shall be acted upon. Several members of
the committee have desired me to'change the form
of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, if the commit-
tee has the right. to sit during the sessions of the
House I have nothing further to say; but if they
have not, then I submit that they cannot make
such an arrangement as he is now seeking to carry
out. I only want to know how that fact is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot sustain
that point of oider. The right of a committee to
sit during the sessions of the House is a permis-
sion for the committee to be absentin the eommit-
tee-ioom during the daily sessions of the House,
under which they are allowed to come in and vote
at any time before the decision of the House is
announced. The Chair cannot undertake to in-
quire into how the chairman of the committee was
authorized to make the report. If he states that
he is authorized by a majority of the committee
to make the report, the Chair cannot go behind j
that statement. The Chair is of opinion that if
the majority of the members of the committee
inform him upon the floor of the House of their
wish, he has the light to announce it.
Air. DAWES. My point of order is this, that
my colleague made this repot t from his commit-
tee and has commenced his remarks, and it is now
altogether too late to raise a question of Older.
The matter is now before the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know precisely what the facts are. I understand
that the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post [loads "repotted a bill containing
an appropriation which rendered it imperative
upon the Chair to send it to the Committee of the
Whole. No objection, however, being inter-
posed, the gentleman from Massachusetts with-
drew the report I understand further that the
gentleman from Massachusetts now proposes to
report the bill in another shape.
Mr. DAWES. Has alieady reported it, and
is proceeding with his remarks.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then my
point of order is whether the gentleman is author-
ized "by his committee to'make that report. His
committeehas the right,'when properly in session,
to authorize its chairman to make that report. If
thegentleman says the committee have so author-
ized, of course I have nothing to say; but the gen-
tleman, by* ascertaining the opinions of a major-
ity of the individual members, has not the right
to call that the action of the committee. Jf the
Speaker will pardon me, I recollect that that dis-
tinct point was raised upon Mr. Clingman, of
North Carolina, in the Thirty-Fifth Ct>ngress,(U)d
was sustained by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Illinois
will lemember that during the present session his
colleague [Mr. Arnold] lepoi ted, what is known
as the ship canal bill, under precisely similar cir-
cumstances. The bill was at first reported; the
point of order was raised that it contained an ap-
propriation; the Chair sustained the point of or-
'der, and the bill was accordingly referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The gentleman then, on the assent of the major-
ity of the committee obtained here in the Hall as
afterwards ascertained, reported another bill of a
different character, and what is known as the ship
canal bill is now before the House by virtue of
that report so made. The Chair decides that upon
the statement of the chairman of the .committee
that he is authorized to make a report, the report
must be received.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I know noth-
ing about the ship canal bill. 1 was not present
when it was reported. „
Mr. ALLEY. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will relieve him from any further difficulty." I
state that. I am authorized by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads to report this bill.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair decides that
the report is received and is before the House.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, the Committee
on the Post Offiee and Post Roads have directed
me to icport this bill, and with leavgof the House
1 will state some of the reasons iu support ofthis
measure which present themselves to my mind.
Numerous petitions from several States in the
Union, signed by large numbers of leading mer-
chants, capitalists, and others, solicitous for the
growth and [\rosperity of the material interests
of the country, no less than for national political
purposes connected with our foreign relations,
have been presented to Congress, asking the grant
of pecuniary aid for the establishment of ocean
steam communication for postal and commercial
purposes between this country and foreign ports.
Some of the petitioners have asked thatsubsidiea
might be granted to particular lines; but mostly
that a general policy might be inaugurated which
would place us upon a more equal commercial
footing with other nations, and make available,
through the'fostering care of the Government, the
great commercial advantages which tend so much .
to develop the resources and promote the wealth
ofthe nation. The committee were unanimously
of the opinion that no subsidies hliould begranted
to any particular line, and this bill provides that
the Postmaster General shall advertise for the
lowest bids, and accept such bid from the lowest
responsible bidder, if the service shall not cost a
sum exceeding $150,000 per annum to the Uni-
ted States; provided further, that the Brazilian
Government will join in contribution to her part
of the expense.
The present is a most oppoi rune 'ime to obtain the
cooperation of the Brazilian Go\eminent. They
have manifested a deep inter* st in the establish-
ment of a line of steamships between their ports
and our own. Dm ing thu last year a proposition
to grant a subsidy of upward of a hundred thou-
sand dollars per annum to a North Ametican com-,
panythat would perform twelve round trips per
year between tin ir ports and our own, came
within six votes of becoming a lav/. The leaders
of the Liberal party have been its earnest advo-
cate. That putty lias lately come into power,
and it is thought by well informed persons now
in Brazil, and m official relations with our Gov-
ernment, that the Brazilian Government is now
prepared to act iu full cooperation with our own
in the establishment of such a line of steamers as
this bill proposes, touching at the several ports
therein mentioned, and to siiare with us their full
proportion of the expense.
1 do not doubt from all the information I can
obtain, thatthe postal service for whicl this bill
