1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lowed any discretion he will have these men be-
sieging the Treasury building for the increase of
their compensation.
The Secretary of the Treasury cannot attend
to these matters; they must be turned over to
some of the subordinates, and when these men
know that this subject is turned over to some of
the subordinate officers of the Treasury, they
know just how to approach them and persuade
them and apply every influence to get their ends
answered. I know that such, influences have
been brought to bear and are being brought to
bear hy these officers, and 1 want no discretion
left in the Treasury Department. An honest,
faithful Secretary of the Treasury cannot devote
his time to the subject in the multiplicity of his
engagements; lie must turn it over to some sub-
ordinate officer, and I have not the fullest confi-
dence in all the subordinate officers of the Gov-
ernment, either in the Treasury or any other De-
partment. Therefore I move to strikeout these
words; they are not needed in the law, and so
long as they are there several districts will be
agitated more or less by an effort to get the com-
pensation increased. If Senators knew theamount
of labor, the running to Washington, the efforts
that have been made during this session of Con-
gress by Government officials to get their com-
pensation increased, they would not permit the
clause to stand in this act for one moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose i need not as-
sure the Senate that a clause of this importance
did notpass either in the original bill or m this bill
without very careful consideration, and that there
was no memberof thecomnuttee that did nothave
very considerable reluctance as to allowing the
clause to stand. We, however,came to the con-
clusion that there was no other way to reach it.
Such is the diversity of districts in the country
that it is in the nature of things impossible to frame
a system of salaries and payments to these offi-
cers which will apply with equal justice to the
whole country. You cannot do it by any human
ingenuity. I should like to have the Senator from
Massachusetts, who is so positive on the subject,
who speaks of what he knows, when he moves
to strike out this clause, propose something by
which we can avoid the very difficulties that we
want to avoid. I am averse to giving this power
to the Secretary of the Treasury, to the present
Secretary or to any other; and why? If hr* is an
honest man I do not want to burden him with
the labor and trouble; I do not want to subject
him to the annoyance to which he must be sub-
jected by it; and if he is a dishonest man I do not
want him to have the power. There ts a good
reason either way why you should not give him
the power. But you cannot frame a system that
will apply equally to all. Take, for instance, a
State like California, in one of the districts of
which we were assured, and I have no doubt of
it, the collector not only spentallhis pay, but was
out of pocket.
Mr. CONNESS. Out of pocket $3,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That resulted from the
very great extent of the district, and from the
very small amount that could be collected. We
cannot s&y that we will not attempt in any dis-
trict of this country to collect revenue, although
the amount there may be very small, because we
must apply an equal rule to the whole country.
We must therefore appoint an officer and let him
see what he can do. As we are only giving a
salary of $1,500— and in such a country as that
such a salary might be entirely insufficient from
the very great extent of the district—we must
leave some discretion. The salary is only now
allowed under this bill; it was not allowed under
the former one. That amount may be utterly in-
adequate, and you may not be able to find a man
who can be trusted that is willing to take it. This
difficulty is not confined to California alone. You
cannot fix the ratio here in any possible way that
will cover the infinite diversity of cases. In sonic
districts of very small territorial extent you col-
lect a very large amount of revenue, while in other
districts of immense territorial extent you collect
a very small amount of revenue. In both cases
the ratio fixed as the maximum may not be suf-
ficient, because the expenses connected with the
office may be more. Therefore the only way we
can reach it is to say that in such cases the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall have power to do
what is justandright. Under that provision here-
tofore applications have been made to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and have not been answered;
he will not touch them; and the result has been
resignations in some cases. Men, say that they
cannot afford to work a year round and pay
money out of their own pocket for the Govern-
ment, as they have been obliged to do.
If the Senator thinks this is all wrong, let him
tell us what is right; let him show how we. are
to meet these difficulties. It is very easy to pull
down; it is another thing to builcFup. When a
legislator here gets up and proposes to strike out
a provision without knowing the reason-why it
was put in, or inquiring why it was put in, I
think it is his duty to say whatshall take its place
to meet the difficulty. He should know in the
first place what it was intended to meet, and then
propose a mode by which it may be met. He
cannot do the Committee on Finance the discredit
to suppose that all the objections which addressed
themselves to his mind did not address themselves
to the mind of every member of the committee;
and yet we retained this provision, and he otight
to have taken it for granted that we had a reason
for it. I have stated the reason. Now if the
Senate choose to say that it shall not be there,
and they take the consequences of striking it out
without providing anything else, be it so. It is
the only thing we could hit upon We have done
our duty in relation to it, and there is no further
responsibility upon us.
Mr. CONNEbS. I was a little offended at the
Finance Committee, I confess,because they would
not agree to insert "shall" in place of" may" in
this identical provision allowing the Secretary of
the Treasury to increase the compensation of as-
sessors and collectors in the State of California.
Why should 1 feel so? Simply because for two
years past gentlemen have engaged in the busi-
ness in my State earnestly, honestly, faithfully,
and have absolutely in a majority of' the districts
paid money out of their own pockets; and with
all the appeals that could be made to the honor-
able Secretary of the Treasury, to this hour he
has never made a dollar of allowance to those of-
ficers. One man holding the office of collector in
the thud district for one year goes out of the office
minus $3,000 of money. There is no allowance
made to us by reason of the dispaiity between
the money paid by the Governmentand the money
in circulation m our State; and I will here say
that gold and silver ere in circulation in the west-
ern Territories on the other side of the mount-
ains as in California.
Mr. JOHNSON. How are the taxes paid in
California >
Mr. CONNESS. All in coin. There ia no
such thing as a legal-tender note or paper money
in circulation there. It is merchandise sold in the
market, and every officer, civil or military, who
receives it sells it at forty per cent, discount, and
now the discount is more than that, of course,
because of the recentad vance in the price of gold.
The cry comes up from that State, from every
officer, both military and civil, for an allowance
in lieu of this. My table at my lodgings is bur-
dened by applications of this character, by peti-
tions coming from the common soldiers and from
officers, for we have guarding and holding posts
i'n the western Territories and in California and
reaching forward to New Mexico and the borders
of Texas some seven thousand of our soldiers
receiving this money from the Government and
trying to pay their expenses with it. I will state
here that I have not presented these applications
to the Congress of the United States, because
from every part of the country here applications
come up for an increase of salary in every con-
ceivable shape, based upon the immense advance
and enhancement in the price of everything that
is consumed; and I knew that if I presented such
applications from my people it would but open
the way for a pressure that Congress could not
afford to respond to, and I took the responsibility
of saying to all those persons, ** These are times
of war, they are times of difficulty to the whole
people; you must for a while bear your portion
of the burden." Hut when you undertake to
take away the compensation that the revenue offi-
cer receives, the man who assesses and the man
who collects, you strike at the very baisis and
foundation of your revenue. It is better of the
two, and more profitable and will pay better, to
extend even some extra compensation to the men
engaged in assessing and collecting ,the;rev$nue.
than, to stint and starve;thera.. , -v - • • ..
' This is our experience, Mr. President, in,„the
State from winch, 1 come. ,We tried for m&tt}?
years to,reduce the enormous expanse of colleen
lug the revenue in thpt State.- In $ome of our at-
tempts, we cut down those expenses too lojv, an^
th,e result was immediately a falhogoff. of reve-
nue. Now, aft$r ,fiftc.ee years of experience.the
lowest-compensation that we .pay in any of our
^ou^ties. is from five-to seven dollars per,diem in
gold and ailver to our loea^ assessors and deputy
collectors fo.r collecting our State-revenue. . The
deputy collectors who-collectthe-internal,revenue
of the United, States under -this ,act, receive, |
think', four dollars in, legal-tender notes. What
must the result necessarily bei ? Inefficiency in
collection. - . .
I ask; the. Senator .from Massachusetts not to
pursue a penny-wise and g. poynd-foobshj policy
in Regard to this matter. - J;bea.r testimony in
addition to every word that was spojeen by the
honorable chairman of the Committer on Finance;
and in regard lo that gentleman I will sta,te here
that notwithstanding the dissatisfaction that I
hinted at, which was, I am willing, to say, per-
haps my own fault, the fault of my own temper,
no man in the Senate could be chosen who has
given the amount of labor, the amount of exact
consideration that he has given to every part and
portion of this bilL It is my duty to say this.
I know it. Everything has been weighed and
poised by him by an exact and even-handed
justice, his desire being to so construct the law
that we should get the greatest amount of revenue
with the smallest possible expenditure and burden
to the people.
I hope, sir, that this amendment will not pre-
vail, but that the discretion allowed in the sec-
tion proposed to bo stricken out by the Senator
from Massachusetts, so rarely exercised by the
Secretary of the Treasury, will be permitted to
remain. I intend prior to leaving the city, which
will occur very soon, to sit down after the pres-
sure of Congress is taken away from the Secre-
tary, and to show him exact facts and figures,
and to bog him to make such allowance as will
enable the people of California to pay their proper
i portion of the taxes into the national Treasury. I
have intended to put it off until that time shall
occur.
Mr. WILSON. I hope, sir, that the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance will not sup-
pose, and that no other member of the committee
will suppose, that because we propose amend-
ments to the bill, or make suggestions or give our
opinions, we are reflecting upon the members of
the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. I am glad
to hear any suggestion.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly no one appreciates
the members of that committee and the chairman
of the committee more than myself for their abil-
ity, industry, and fidelity. I understand that we
can easily provide a way in this bill to me^t all
the cases suggested by the Senator from Cali-
fornia. The bill provides in regard to assessors
and other officers in the rebel States and on the
Pacific coast that the Secretary of the Treasury
may increase their compensation to such an ex-
tent that the gross amount shall not exceed that
paid to other officers in those sections.
Mr. CONNESS. It never has been done.
Mr. WILSON. I should say that it ought to
be done on the Pacific coast and in the rebel
States where there are great difficulties m going
over those States on account of travel and other
expenses; but in the other parts of the country,
east of the mountains, and in the loyal States, 1
do not see any necessity for this. By inserting
the word collector" in the proviso to the twen-
ty-second section of the bill, collectors will be
placed on the same fooling with assessors in the
rebel States arid on the Pacific coast. Everybody
knows that the assessors ought to be paid us high
as the collectors. I think the assessor is by tnr
the most important officer. If. requires more Ca-
pacity to assess the property of a district than u
does to collect the revenue. The twenty-fourth
section provides that the collector -shall have
$1,500 per annum salary, and, m addition, a com-
mission of three per cent, upon the firs t$] 00,000
collected, and a commission of one half percent,
on all sums above $100,000 and not exceeding
