2630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
$400,000. Under the provision of that section a
collector of a district that pays $100,000 will get
a salary of $1,500 and then three per cent, on
$100,000. That is a very large salary—enough
for him, in my judgment. The bill, however,
provides that no collector shall receive over $5,000
exclusive of his expenses, and allows him to go
up to $10,000 including expenses. With that in-
crease provided for by the bill, there can be but
very few districts which will need any action of
the Secretary; and it appears that where they
have needed it they have not got it. I can say
that if they have not got it, it nas not been for the
reason that they Viaive not tried to get it, and many
men have tried to get it who ought not to have it.
I give itas my judgment that so long as this dis-
cretion is confided to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, you will have the collectors from all parts of
the country striving to get their compensation in-
creased, running up the expenses in their collec-
tion districts unnecessarily*, and many of them
have done it.
Take the districts and examine them. Look
at the expenses for clerk hire and stationery. Some
districts that raise more money than others have
not expended over one third as much for clerk
hire, stationery, and other expenses. I invite
Senators to examine the details and comparisons
of these districts. They will find that in eastern
Pennsylvania and eastern New York, where the
men employed live in or about cities and know
how to make up accounts, it costs about three or
four times as much for clerk hire as it does in
other parts of the country. Senators may take
two districts, one of which raises $000,000 and
the other $5:25,000, and the cost of clerk hire and
stationery is two or three times as large in the dis-
trict that raises the smaller amount as in the other.
Take the Hartford district in Connecticut, and
then take some of the districts in the eastern part
of New York where we have men that know how
to make up accounts, arid wo shall see that in
several of those districts there have been great ex-
travagance or corrupt practices 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator need not
make a speech on that subject, tor as 1 have al-
ready told him we intend to make' amendments
preventing all that, and u has nothing to do with
this question.
Mr. WILSON", I want to show that if the dis-
cretion is kift to the Secretary of the Treasuiy he
will be decvivt-d by interested leprcsentations. i
think we ought not to allow the discretion, and
theiefore 1 have moved the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. 1 propose to add the follow-
ing as an additional section to the bill:
}5k<\ —. jJmlbe it fuitkcr en<z<le<lf That no account for
the Compr-m-uiion lorseiviccs of any clerk or oilier person
cmplovud tn any duties in relation to the collection of rev-
enue under th^ act ^hall be allowed mull such cleik nr
nthci person ishall have certified on oath ornfihmiuion that
the Mime M-rv Ices have been pcrt'oimed, thai he has jeeuived
the full sum therein charged to liis own use and benefit,
and thai he has not paid, deposited, of assigned, nor con-
tracted to pay, deposit, oi assign any pari ol such compen-
*.ttion to tile u-e of any oilier pe^cm, nor in any way, di
ie<-ttv oi indui'ctly, paid or given, lior contracted to pavor
give, iitiy i«'w,ud or compensation lor Ins othee or employ-
ment, oi the tniolumcnlH thcicof.
Mi. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Senator
111,i t a member of the committee, the Senator from
Wisconsin, has an amendment prepared to cover
that whole wround.
Mr. WILSON. Very well. I withdraw It.
The PRKSlDliNG OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn. •
Mr. WILSON. In section ninety-three,line two
hundred and ninety-two, after the word " thick-
nettj," i move to insert *> five dollars per ton,"and
after the word n spikes," in the same line, to in-
sert "one half cent per pound;" so that it will
read; ;
On hand, hoop, and sheet Iron, thinner than No. 18 wire '
gauge, pUie it an loss than one eighth of ail inch in thick- \
nessi, fjvo dollar* per ton; and cut nails and spikes, one
halt cent per pound.
I move also to strike out all after the word
il spikes** in line two hundred and ninety-two to
line three .hundred and five, inclusive, and to strike
ou' lines three hundred and six and three hundred
and sevw). ;
The Secretary read the words proposed to be |
stricken out, as follows: ;
Not including nail4!, tacks, brads, or finishing nails, usu-
ally pat ui> and sofcl in papers, whether in paper3 or other- i
wise, nor'horse-shoe nail* wrought bv machinery, a duiv '
of five dollar6? per ton: Provided, That bars, rod«, bands,
hoops, sheets, plates, nails, and spikes, not including such
as are usually put up in papers, nor horse shoe nails
wrought by machinery, as before mentioned, manufactured
fiom iron upon which the duty of three dollars has been
levied and paid, shall be subject only to a duty of two dol-
lars per ton in addition thereto, anything in tins act to the
contrary notwithstanding.
On iron eastings used for bridges or other permanent
structures, a duty of three dollars per ton.
Mr. WILSON. I propose a tax of five dollars
per ton on this iron, and on nails and spikes half
a cent a pound. It will be an increase of the
amount now put upon nails. I understand that
they can bear it. It will be entirely satisfactory,
and I am told by gentlemen who understand this
subject thoroughly that we can increase our rev-
enue by so doing; and by striking out the other
words from lines two hundred and ninety-two to
three hundred and five, the duty on those items
will be increased, for they will come under an-
other head.
Mr. FESSENDEN. lean only say that the gen-
tleman to whom the Senator refers, who knows
all about it, came to the committee and suggested
a series of amendments. The committee consid-
ered them very deliberately and very carefully,
and also consulted with other persons, who per-
haps knew as much as he did in relation to it,
and looked at the whole subject with care, and
they came to the conclusion to make some of his
amendments and not to make others. I hardly
think it would be wise, merely on the statement
of the Senator from Massachusetts that he has
this from a gentleman who knows all about it, to
overrule a groat many gentlemen who profess to
know something about it. I think it had better
be left as it is.
Mr. WILSON. I will state that that gentle-
man is not alone in regard to it, but several other
gentlemen who have been in the city have as-
sented to the fact that the interest can bear the
tax if it be increased from five dollars to ten dol-
lars a ton on nails.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have made one or
two amendments that he suggested and we have
had a tremendous outcry on that very point. I
am rather inclined to think we did wrong, buton
the whole wo thought we would leave it as it was
fixed after consultation between the two commit-
tees. I think it had better be left as it is, unless
the Senator can demonstrate from his own knowl-
edge that the tax he proposes can be readily borne.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot from my own knowl-
edge. But on the suggestion of Senators I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I have an amendment to pro-
pose as an addition to section one hundred and
seventy-three:
•find provided further. That no direct tax whatever shall
be assessed or collected under this or any act of Congress
heretofore passed, until Congress* shall cnact another law
requiring such assessment and collection to be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That matter was a sub-
ject of consideration between the two Houses at
the last session, and they finally fixed on the law
as it stands now, and I hope it will not be inter-
fered with. We put off the direct tax until 1865,
to see if we could get along without one, so that
we have another year to consider it. If it is found
that we can get along without one, we can then
act upon it; but it is hardly worth while, I think,
to act in advance, for wc really do not know now
but that wo shall be obliged to enforce the collec-
tion of adirect tax after next year. Atanyrate,
as there is time before us, as the time originally
fixed after much discussion has not been changed,
and the amendment will lead to a great deal of
discussion, I hope the Senator will not insist on
it now. His great anxiety to rid all the lands of
the West from any possibility of a direct tax, as
well as of other sections of the country, at any
rate can wait until if is found out whether wc can
get along without it.
Mr. GRIMES. I have some anxiety too in
regard to the lands of the eastern section of the
country ns well as the western.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have not any.
Mr. GRIMES. Perhaps the Senator has not,
as he lives m a city; but 1 have seen gentlemen
who entertain very much the same opinions on
this subject that 1 do, from his own State. The
argument urged againsttheadoption of this amend-
ment is that having the statute now on our stat-
ute-book, we can repeal it next winter if we choose,
if we decide between now and the first Monday of
| next December that it is necessary there should
' be a direct tax imposed, will it not be equally easy
for us then to enact a law to that effect? The
next session is a short session; it is to last only
three months; and if there should be any disagree-
ment between the two Houses, if any fatality
should happen to befall a very few members of
the Senate who are in favor of the repeal of this
section, the matter will be leftentirely in the hands
of those who may happen to be in favor of the
imposition of a direct tax and who would there-
fore be able to prevent the repeal of the law which
imposes it. I think the safest way in every point
of view is to strike off the law that imposes the
direct tax, and whenever the necessity arises for
its reimposition to reenactit. What is the use in
keeping that law upon your statute-book ? It is
agreed on all hands that it shall not be enforced
now. If it is not to be enforced, why not just as
well repeal it as to keep it in a state of suspension?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The answer to that is
that the Senator has furnished an argument against
himself. It is very much easier to repeal a law,
for that is done in a few words, than to enact one;
and if next session be a short one, and we shall
be pressed for time, the shorter the work to be
done the easier it is to do it. The Senator asks
the question, if he should happen to die in the
mean time what will become of the matter?
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the amount of it
I think somebody else may live, and that the State
of Iowa will not be left without Senators. The
same fatality which may strike a Senator from
the Northwest may strike a Senator from the
Northeast.
The fact is that this is merely anticipation.
The law is of importance in one particular at least;
and that is in reference to its bearing on the act
which was introduced by my friend, the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] under which
it may havr an effect, a very valuable and bene-
ficial effect, in getting something from the confed-
erate States by way of direct taxation if it be left
to stand. Although it may not operate during
the next year, it may be found very advisable to
continue it.
I do not want to get up a discussion now be-
tween the two douses on this question. An at-
tempt was made in the other House to repeal the
law. It failed. An effort was made in the other
Houne «lso to continue it, that is, to put it into
immediate operation,and that failed. The result
was a conclusion that it had better be left to stand
as it is, and if we find at the next session of Con-
gress that we can get along without it, it is very
easyin five fines to repeal it then. I deprecate at
this late period of the session the intioduction of
a question of this kind, which i<3 unnecessary at
the present time, into this bill, and I hope the
amendment wiM not be adopted.
Mr.GRIMES, I am very much gratified that
I furnished my friend with an argument; it is the
only one he has urged against the adoption of the
proposition I have submitted.
Mr. FESSENDEiY. I am frequently indebted
to my friend from Iowa in that respect.
Mr. GRIMES. Is k not just as easy for us to
pass a law to reenact t!be law that is now upon
our statute-book next winter as it is to pass a
short law repealing that statute? We can take
the statute as it now stands bodily and reenact
it. Is it compelled to go through any more legis-
lative stages than an act to repeal it would be
compelled to go through? Where, therefore, is
the force of that argument?
Mr. President, I protest against this effort al-
ways whenevera proposition is submitted by my-
self, or by somebody from my section of the coun-
try, to say that here is an issue attempted to be
ratsed between the Northwestand the Northeast.
1 have not offered the amendment in any such
spirit. I can tell the Senator that I have seen rep-
resentatives from his region of country who have
exercised as much influence in regard to this ques-
tion in the House of Representatives during the
present session of Congress as any man in it or 
the same side entertaining the same opinions I
do on this subject. They did ask for its lepeal
and were content with its suspension. I go one
step further and ask for its repeal, and I do not
intend to be content until I get an opportunity to
record my vote in favor of its absolute repeal;
and then when we come here at the next session
