608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12.
trary proposition that the control of this important
work shaH be taken away from the Secretary of
thre Interior and given to the Commissioner of
Public Buildings. When it is proposed to make
this change in the control of this work, certainly
-the Senator presenting the measure should be able
to give|us some reason for it. There ought to be
some existing evil to be corrected by the proposed
law before we favor the measure.
I believe that about two years ago the law was
enacted which placed this work under the charge
of the Secretary of the Interior. It has progressed
tinder his chaf^c from that time until the present;
and is it known to the Senate that the Secretary
hasnot^well and efficiently done his duty in re-
spect to the charge thus devolved upon him ? Has
the Senator been able to say in what respect the
Secretary of the Interior has failed in the man-
agement of this public work? On the contrary,
the Senator concedes the ability and the integrity
of the Secretary of the Interior, and he also con-
cedes that the work is being well done, rapidly
enough done, and done with economy. Then
why take it away from the Secretary of the In-
terior and give it to the Commissioner of Public
Buildings? I understand that he assumes that it
groperly belongs to the Commissioner of Public
uildings. I do not so understand it, sir. For
a very great number of years, how far back I am
not able now to say, the construction of new
buildings in the city of Washington lias not been
placed under the charge of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings; but practice has given a defini-
tion to the law creating the office to this effect:
that the Commissioner of Public Buildings lias
the chief control of the public grounds and the
management of the buildings already constructed,
but that he shall not have the control of the con-
struction of the public buildings in the city of
Washington.
What is the next reason given by the Senator?
That the Secretary of the Interior has appointed
a superintendent, and that that appointment wan
unnecessary for the reason that we have an archi-
tect, Mr. Walter, and that Mr. Walter can well
enough, as architect, do all that the superintend-
ent is called upon to do. Why, sir, the duties
belonging to an architect mid those that properly
belong to i\ superintendent are entirely different.
The one is to look over the work as an executive
officer, and the other is a professional gentleman
looking to the construction of the work with a view
to the plan, The Secretary has given us some in-
formation upon this subject, hi his report, com-
municated to Congress at the commencement of
this session, the Secretary snys:
"The duties properly appeiiainnig to the office of f!nm-
mitssioner of the Public Buildings and OtoutuNhave been
greatly augmented within the pasi ft**- year*, and sometimes
byiheiinpositlou upon hint <>l dun® noiMiluh hiloogiufr
tohis office. Injustice to hun, theic.loic, as well a.s to the
public service, at the commencement ot the picMMit fiscal
year 1 relieved him, to mmiic extent, by the appointment of
a general Kupcriniondent ami Kpcrinl disburMni? agent tor
the Capitol extciiMon, the Patent Office building and the
Washington aqueduct. In making thi^ anantfejmnt a .<sav-
ing to the (lovermnrnl was rflVcted, while { ni Ihe *aine
time secured tor these nnpoitant woiks. the services ot a
professional and piaeticaJ architect."
With such a report before Congress I cannot
conceive that the Senate will agree to lake the con-
trol of the work from the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. FOOT. Will the Senator from Indiana
allow me to ask him, in reference to the paragraph
he reads from the report of the Secretary of the
Interior, how it is that it works a saving to the
Government by relieving Major French from the
duty of disbursing agent at $500 a year, and'ap-
pointing a general superintendent and disbursing
agentat $2,500 a year? So far as that item goes,
how is it a saving to the Government?
Mr, HENDRICKS. I did not suppose that 1
need fortify the genera! statement of the Secretary
of the Interior by particulars. Nor have I such
information upon this subject as that I would ven-
ture to give an answer with confidence; but my
impression is that by the change, taking the woik
away from the Commissioner of Public Buildings
and giving it to this superintendent, persons em-
ployed to do comparatively nothing have been
dropped from the public service, and a very large
saving inthat respect has been secured to the Gov-
ernment. But unless the Senator is prepared by
-the facts to show that the Sersretaty is wrong in
his statement I stand upon that. The Secretary
states in his report that by the change in the man-
agement of thi§ work a saving has been made to
the Government, the work has progressed as well,
and economy is secured. Then I ask, with that
statement before the Senate, how it is that we pro-
pose indirectly to rebuke the Secretary of the In-
terior by taking tfie work away from him and
giving it into the charge of the Commissioner of
•Public Buildings, in view of the fact that while he
had charge of it it cost more than it nowcosts? 1
desired to be well informed on this subject, and I
asked the present superintendent to give me a
statement.
Mr. FOOT. Allow me to ask, does the Sena-
tor from Indiana mean to be understood as say-
ing that the Commissioner of Public Buildings has
had the superintendence of the work itself, has
been any thing more than the mere disbursing agent
to pay money to the workmen, the watchmen, the
laborers, <fec.?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Just how far the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings had control of this
work at any time I am not prepared to say,except
as I am informed by the Secretary of the Interior,
who says as I read:
"The duties properly appertaining to the office of Com-
missioner of tiie Public Buildings and Grounds have been
greatly augmented within the past lew years, and some-
times by the imposition upon hint of duties not stnctly be-
longing to his office. In justice to lum, therefore, as well
as to the public sei vice, at the commencement of the pres-
ent fiscal year I relieved him to some extent by the ap-
pointment of a general superintendent and special disburs-
ing agent for the Capitol extension, the Patent Office build-
ing, and the Washington aqueduct."
I take it from this that the Commissioner of
Public Buildings had some charge of the construc-
tion of this work when theSecietary says that he
felt it to be his duty to relieve him because his
duties had become too onerous. I called upon the
present superintendent to give me a statement in
respect to this question, and he replied. In the
com no of his reply he says:
'l Upon the accession oi the present general superintend-
ent and di-sbuiMng agent, altei caieinlly viewing the man-
ner in which these work-> wete conducted, he submitted a
repoit to the hotioiable Secretary oi the lntetioi, embody-
ing hif> view* as to the leuiqanization. It will lie seen that
the proposition was to reduce the expense and sjeome effi-
ciency. With the result of this icoiganizniion the Secre-
taiy and the geneiai <upcriulendent aie abundantly hatis-
lied,a>- tile pay-rolls- tin the following month :-ho\v ad< create
of etpciiM> amounting to about one thousand dollars while
the work pet formed wasiai moic than duiingany previous
eoiic?>pondtng prnod.''
Then if the work exceeded the work done dur-
ing any previous month and ata savingof §1,000
under the plan adopted by the Secretary of the
Interior, I a.->k upon what piinciple of economy
and right the Senate will take this work from un-
der the control of the Secretary of the Interior and
give it to the Commissioner of Public Buildings?
The Senator has stated that the duties of the
two offices of architect and superintendent arc
inconsistent and clashing, and that it is likely to
produce confusion if not injury to the public ser-
vice. The Secretary has not informed us of this.
It seems to me that the duties belonging properly
to an architect need not clash at all with the duties
of a superintendent. The Secretary did not think
they clashed; he does not think so now; ami the
Senator has not informed us of any facts show-
ing us that the public sen ice has suffered because
of any conflict in their juiisdictions.
I have said about all I desire to say on this
question. This work was devolved upon the Sec-
retary of the Interior. He found it to be proper
to appoint an architect as a superintendent. Is
it an objection that a supeiintendent shall be an
architect? Certainly the Senator will not say so.
f4Ie will admit that the Secretary of the Interior
did well in selecting an architect, if he could get
hnn at a reasonable compensation, for superin-
tendent. This stipet intendent has had charge of the
work nowsinee theeommencementof the present
fiscal year. He and the Secretary both say that
by the present organization of the force and by
the present management of the business there has
been more work done and at a less cost to the Gov-
ernment; and now I want to see if thfc Senate will,
in the face of this repoit of the Secretary of the
Interior, take the work away from him and give
it to the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendments reported by the com-
mittee. ,
Mr. FOOT. I suppose there will be no objec- i
tions to the amendments reported by the com- I
mittee. Do I understand there is any objection
to them from the Senator from Indiana?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course I do not wish
to be understood as objectmgtotheamendments.
Mr. FOOT. I hope the amendments will be
acted on. I believe the committee were entirely
unanimous in regard to them, and they had the
assent of the Senator from Indiana. The first
amendment excepts the enlargement of the Treas-
ury building from the general supervision of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings.
- Mr. HENDRICKS. # Although I oppose the
measure, i desire to see it made as perfect as pos-
sible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the first amendment reported by the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
And the office of said Commissioner shall be under the
supervision and control of the President of the United States.
Mr. FOOT. That amendment being adopted,
it leaves the Commissioner of Public Buildings
subject to the appellate supervision and control of
the Secretary of the Interior, as now.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not had my atten-
tion called to this bill until this moment. I have
not conversed with the Secretary of the Interior
or any one else on the subject. It does not occur
to me that there is really any necessity for this
measure; but if there is a necessity for it, I must
call attention to the fact that there seem to be some
provision^ in the bill not entirely in harmony
with our usual policy. I have not known that
there has been any complaint in regard to the
management of this matter in the hands of the
Secretary of the Interior. I have not known that
it was supposed it could have been done with any
more economy in the hands of any other man. I
notice in the bill a provision that "the Commis-
sioner shall transmit his estimates annually to the
Secretary of the Treasury, and his annual report
to the President. lie shall draw all his requisi-
tions upon the Treasury direct." The Postmaster
General cannot do that. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. It becomes the
duty of the Chair at this hour to call up the spe-
cial order, which is the unfinished business of
yesterday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this bill can be dis-
posed of at once, or in a very short time, I shall
not interpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. It cannot pass now.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I object to it. I want
to look into it. I want it to go over.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I move to postpone
all prior orders with a view to take up the defi-
ciency bill, which I should like to have passed
to-day.
The motion was agreed'to.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly proceeded to consider the bill (H. R.
No. l.r)f>) to supply deficiencies.in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th ofJune, 1864.
The first amendment of the Committee on' Fi-
nance was to strike out from line nine to line
forty-nine.
The Secretary commenced to read the words
proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is hardly ne-
cessary to read all that; about two pages are to
be struck out. 1 will simply state to the Senate
it is a mere change*of form. The committee
thought it better to strike it out there and put in
a new section at the end of the bill specifically
authorizing the appointment of clerks and making
provision for them. It is a mere change of place,
and I suppose there will be no objection to it. At
any rate, it cannot be necessaiy to read over the
clause. If anything is read, I think it would be
well to road the amendment at the end proposed
as an additional section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
striking out the words m brackets, which will not
be read unless the reading be desired.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line fifty-three
to insert:
For supplying a deficiency in the current expenses of
