1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
of Congress, if the chairman of the Committee
on Finance can satisfy me that the public interest
requires that there shall be another direct tax im-
posed, no man will vote for it more freely than I
will. But 1 cannot see any force in any argu-
ment that has been urged here or elsewhere for
allowing a dead statute to repose upon our law-
books. I am in favor of getting rid, of it,; let the
dead be buried; and then if you want to revive it
hereafter, pass a law to do so. It will take no
more time to do it than it will to repeal it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend is not afraid of
anythingthatisdead. Itisasleep,anditmaywake.
This troubles him, and he wants to kill it, and kill
it effectually. If he would acknowledge what is
really in his mind about it, he would admit that
to be his object. If it was dead he would not say
anything about it; but it is because it is not dead
that he is concerned. So far as I am individually
concerned, there is no law that could possibly be
passed with reference to taxation that would affect
me personally so severely as a direct tax upon
real estate. I happen to be so situated that so far
as the pressure of taxation is concerned on my-
self, the worst tax that could possibly be passed
would be one precisely of that description. -Not-
withstanding that, I do see in the presentstate of
the country and in the future state of the country,
that it may possibly be right and proper to im-
pose a direct tax. I voted for the direct tax in
the first mstance; I voted against its suspension;
I believed the money ought to be collected, and
events have proved that we needed the money,
and it should have been collected; but neverthe-
less a majority has been against me, and I sub-
mit. Still 1 believe that it may be that this stat-
ute should revive, and it may bo. that we shall
have to increase it. If the necessity comes, let
us do it; at any rate I do not see the necessity of
raising the question now at this time, because at
present it is sleeping, and it hurts nobody.
Mr. DAVIS. I am decidedly in favor of the
proposition of the Senator from Iowa; and I am
opposed to the principle of direct taxes altogether,
for the reason that they bear exclusively on the
land property of the States. There is a suspended
law for direct taxes that is expressly retained by
the provision of the act now under consideration.
That direct taxation now, I suppose, rests in the
main upon land. When it was enacted before
it based upon land and slaves; but the mischiev-
ous legislation of Congress in relation to slaves
has virtually abolished that subject from the oper-
ation of the law, and has left as its only subject
the landed estate of the country. The direct tax
which the law assessed upon the State of Ken-
tucky was somewhere in the neighborhood of
$700,000. Suppose the revenue system of our
State required us to collect $700,000, and there
was a proposition made in the Legislature and a
law about to be passed to raise that $700,000 ex-
clusively from landed estate, and to exempt ail
other property from the burden or any portion of
it, would our people submit to such a system of
taxation? Would the people of any State submit
to such a system of finance as that? Take, for
instance, the State of Pennsylvania, the State of
Indiana, the State of Illinois: they are to raise,
say $5,000,000, or any amount of money for the
purpose of State expenditure, and a proposition
is made in the Legislature of those States to raise
the amount exclusively off the landed property,
would their people allow it?
Look and see how this measure will operate
sectionally. In Massachusetts, and in the eastern
States generally, there is a large aggregation of
capital that does not exist in the form of real
estate; it exists in stocks; bank stocks, manufac-
turing stocks, canal stocks, and railroad stocks,
and in other forms. What is to be the effect of this
proposition that the direct tax shall slide silently
into operation next year without any additional
legislation and without the attention of the peo-
ple being brought to the fact that there is now
proposed a reenactment for the purpose of con-
tinuing that law? The effect will be that all the
property in the United States including the east-
ern States, except landed property, will be ex-
empt from being taxed or burdened to raise the
amount that is proposed to be raised by direct
taxation. In Illinois and in Indiana the real estate
amounts to something like three fifths or more of
the aggregate property of those States. In some
of the eastern States it does not amount to more
than about one half: probably in some of them
not half. Sectionally the operation of this law
would be to impose upon three fifths of theaggre-
gate property of the northwestern States the
whole burden of raising the amount that is to be
raised in those States by the direct tax; and in
the eastern States, where there is a large aggre-
gation of personal estate in the form of capital,
and where it exists in other forms, the effect would
be to impose at most only upon about half their
estate the burden ofraising the sum of money that
is proposed to be collected from them under this
system of direct taxation.
A great many years ago the taxes in my State
were collected off lands, negroes, and horses.
When a young man I was a member of the Legis-
lature of that State, and I proposed that the entire
aggregate of property should be the basis of tax-
ation, and that there should be an ad valorem tax
on till a man's estate, whether it was real, mixed,
or personal, and that he should pay in proportion
to the value of his estate upon the ad valorem
principle. It was an innovation. It took it a year
or two to get the assent of the Legislature to its
adoption, but it was assented to, and now the
system and burden of taxation in that State has
been uniform and equal upon all property, with
some exceptions of a small amount in favor of
every person. The great and equal principle of
taxation is that the whole of a man s property
and estate, be it real, personal, or mixed, shall be
equally subject to the support of Government,
and that no classification of property shall take
place by which upon any class there is to be a
distinct and separate assessment and collection of
taxes. Upon that general principle the tax is more
equal, it is more impartial and just. Personal
estate is more able to pay taxes than real estate
in many instances. The landed property in the
Northwest is divided into small farms, and the
produce of the entire farm is often necessary to
support the family. The owner of the farm has
no surplus wealth vested in bank stock and in
manufacturing stocks and internal improvement
stocks. These stocks yield a certain revenue, and
often a considerable revenue. We have seen
through all the sources of information that these
stocks in the northeastern States have been and
are now eminently profitable. All these stocks
are exempt from the operation of the direct tax
law. They in truth have more capacity to pay
than real estate has, because they yield a much
greater amount of annual profit. The proceeds
of personal estate in those farms are much more
productive in annual fruits than are the proceeds
of the small farms in the northwestern States.
The effect of this law then is to charge upon the
large portion of the property collectively and in-
dividually of the northwestern States that is not
very productive annually the whole of the direct
estate tax, and to exempt something like an equal
portion of the estate of the northeastern States col-
lectively,and of the people there individually, that
are eminently productive in their annual fruits,
entirely from the taxation.
It seems to me that if the people of the United
Statesare no w about to have reimposed upon them,
as provided for in a distinct provision of the act
undereonsideration, from the next year the direct
tax law which will thus unequally tax them and
their property to the partial exemption of the older
States where there is large accumulated wealth in
the form of stocks that yield annually large prof-
its, they ought to be fully and distinctly adver-
tised that such a principle of legislation is now
about to be adopted. Sir, I am against it. The
slaves of my State when this direct tax was as-
sessed were of large value, and yielded a large
proportion of the tax; that is, a large proportion
of it was assessed upon them; but now, under
the demoralizing and unjust and iniquitous sys-
tem of legislation of Congress those slaves are of
no value. The entire direct tax, then, will be as-
sessed upon the landholders of that State; and
even in Kentucky there are large masses of per-
sonal property accumulated in a few hands that
would be entirely exempt from the burden of tax-
ation so far as is involved in the sum that is to be
raised by direct taxation.
The great mass of landed estates in America
are of small amount and value as to acres and pro-
ductiveness, They are scattered among $nd be*
long to the general mass of the population. In
the northwestern States particulaily this system
of direct taxation will liave the effect tft -impose*
upon and to oppress a^vast-number of small land-
holders whose means and whose profits firt>mTht'tr
lands give them no surplus, or a very stim^d sur-
plus, with which to meet this taxation, £ >
Sir, I come back to the principle With which
I started, that the taxes upon property ought to-
be equal as far as practicable; and to adopt;£thy
practicable rule at all you must assess-taxes not
upon land alone but upon- every description o£
property real and personal, arcdconscquently^he
owners of personal estate'that amounts tottuch a
large proportion of the aggregate wealth of the"
United States ought not to be wholly e&Pinpt frum<
the direct tax and the entire burden of u devolved
on the real estate of thecountry, butequally sub-
ject to it.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment. •
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 omitted to say one word that
I intended to say, and it-is this: if this matter
slides over silently now until the next session and
this tax shall be disagreeable and burdensome
and odious to the people they may whistle to; have
it repealed. Why? Because there intervenes the
Veto power, and it would require two thirds or
both Houses to remove this burden "from their
shoulders. If the burden is to be removed from
the people now or in the future, now is the time
to heave it off. The next session will not avail.
If the tax, in the language of the Senator fiom
Iowa, shall be indispensably necessary to enable
the Government to continue its operations of "any
character, the patriotism of the people no doubt
will come up and reenact it; but the people may
be trusted with that matter. There is !a congres-
sional election for the whole United States to in-
tervene between now and the time when this prop-
osition could be reenacted in all probability. Let
the people now have the matter within their own
power subject to their own will and their own
judgment. Repeal it now, suspendit atleast until
further legislation shall take place to give it vital-
ity and action, and then, if it becomes indispensa-
bly necessary to enable the Government to pro-
gress with its operations, the people may be safely
trusted to rrenact it.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the Senator
from Iowa if his amendment will affect the cases
that have already been entered upon. We have
already made one assessment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this amendment should
be adopted the law will stand repealed; there will
be nothing further to be done under it then.
Mr. GRIMES. I beg the Senator's pardon.
It will not stand repealed'so far as relates to what
has heretofore taken place. The amendment reads:
That no future direct tax whatever shall be assessed or
collected under this orany act ofCongress heretofore passed
until Congress shall enact another law requiring such as-
sessment and collection to he made.
It does not repeal the law so far as it relates to
any arrearages that may be due from any State
under the law as it now stands. If there shall be
any State that has not paid up its proportion or
any State that has not paid up any of the tax that
was assessed under the laws, it does not repeal it
as to that, but declares that there shall be no fu-
ture direct tax assessed'under any law until there
shall be some permanent action of CiHtgreas on
the subject. I will read the language again j
And provided further, That no future direct tnx whatever
shall be assessed or collocted under this or any act ot Con-
gress heretofore passed until Congress stuili enact another
law requiring such assessment mid collection to be made*
Mr. FESSENDEN". What does the Senator
call a tax,upon watchesunder this act but adirect
tax?
Mr. GRIMES. Does the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance call that a direct tax under the
Constitution?
Mr. FESSENDEN, Certainly 1 do.
Mr JOHNSON. I am not sure that I under-
stand the amendment. I was not present when
it was offered. What is called the direct tax—
we differ as to the meaning of that term—is now
suspended until 1865; that is to say, no such tax
can be imposed or collected until 1865. During
the present year, therefore, the tax cannot be col-
lected. I understand the amendment to repeal at
once the authority to levy a direct tax. i under-
stand there is some difference of opinion as to
whether it applies to that tax which may be con-
