610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
longs to Admiral Smith to say whether the act
shall be executed or not.
So the question remains. That law is not ex-
ecuted. That law will not be executed. Itstands
upon the statute-book. It is as clear of any ob-
struction, of any controversy, or of any quarrel
as it is possible for an net to be. It is as plain as
language can make it. Sir, your sick seamen who
are crowded in great numbers in a very small yard,
which is crowded and covered all over with build-
ings, and a vast number of workmen m want of
a.hospital, are postponed and denied the humane
offices which could be ministered to them thiough
such anestablishment because Admiral Smith does
not think it expedient to execute the law.
if that is the way we are to be treated I do not
know that it is of any use to appropriate $25,000
for the erection of this^lospital; for it properly
belongs to Admiral Smith to say whether such an
appropriation shall be executed or not, just as
much as it does in the other case.' I think the
necessities of the service requiie the erection of
this hospital at Portsmouth. I think there is a
greater demand for it there than there is at Wash-
ington, though I think there ought to be one at
both places. I have no desire to limit it; and if
the honorable Senator from Maine will turn to
the law creating this hospital fund I think lie will
find—i have not the act before me, as I did not
know this subject was coming up to-day 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is made up from a de-
duction of twenty cents a month from the pay of
seamen.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; but I think there is an
express provision in the law (though 1 will not
be positive, because I have notseen it lately) that
sites for hospitals shall be paid for out of ihat
fund.
But I am indifferent about that. I do think,
however, that this amendment striking out this ap-
propriation ought not to prevail, because 1 think
the necessities of the service absolutely require a
hospital there. And let me tell the honorable
Senator from Maine that (his obstinate and per-
severing attempt to fotco this hospital on to the
navy-yard is an anomaly in naval history. The
yard is small. The number of workmen there is
immense. It is one of the best yards for con-
structing and repairing vessels that there is in the
whole country, h is the best harbor by far that
there is in the country. The best work is done
there, and at (he cheapest price. There are some-
thing like three thousand workmen there. The
whole yard, I believe, consists of only about
sixty acres, and I tliinlc half or two Ihirds of it
is covered with buildings. To put a hospital
where they would be liable to have muall-pox and
lever patients right m the midst of a populalion
of three thousand, crowded together in a space of
sixty-three acres, more than half of which is cov-
ered with buildings, it seems to me would be an
absurdity that ou^lit not to be tolerated. Every
other naval hospital we have in the country is
out of the navy-yaid and a considerable distance
from it.
I hope, then, that the amendment to strike out
this appropriation of $25,000 will not prevail, but
that it will be left just exactly on the same foot-
ing as the naval hospital at Washington is left.
Let us appropriate §25,000 for it, and let the
.question of tin- site be settled heretuier.
Mi\ 1' ESSENDEN. I do not understand ex-
actly what llie Senator intends. Do 1 understand
him to say (hat he shall make no objection to
striking out the proviso?
Mr.'HALE. Yes, sir.
_ Mr. I'ESSENDEN. And he has no objec-
tion, I suppose, to alteiing the phraseology with
regard to the place. It. now reads " at Portsmouth,
New Hampshire." He would not have this hos-
pital built at Portsmouth.
Mr. HALE. No,sii; I have not the slightest
objection hi the world to that change. It is within
tile territorial limits of Maine, but it does a good
deal of it s business in New Hampshire, and it is
sometimes called the Portsmouth and sometimes
the Kittery navy-yard.
A If. FE&SENDEN. I iiave no obieetion at all
then to the appropriation of the $y5,0i)0. In fact 1
am in favor of it, and I think the committee would
be in favor of it. But I have stated the difficulty.
I shall not go into this matter, as the speech of
the Senator seems to l^e a peisonal explanation
on his part. All I hays to say is.tHathe has stated
butone of the objections made by Admiral Smith.
I looked into the matter myself, and I thought
then, and still think, that his objections to exe-
cuting the law were conclusive.
Mr. HALE. I stated three.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One of his objections was
in reference to the shape of the land. But as that
matter does not comeupnow,andasthequestion
is settled, or at any rate does notarise on this bill,
I will not detain the Senate by attempting to an-
swer the statements of the Senator, inasmuch as
he yields the point I desire with reference to strik-
ing,out the proviso.
.1 will move an amendment to this amendment
before we act upon it. Thp clause now reads:
For Greeting riav;t! hospital at Port-mouth, New Hamp-
shire, $25,000.
I move to strike out" Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire," and to insert " Kittery, Maine."
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to that.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to add after the word
''Kittery" the words "navy-yard."
Mr, HALE. 1 hope that will not be agreed to.
I hope the Senate will not embarrass the amend-
ment with a proviso that this hospital shall be
built in the yard. I think it had better be left
without any direction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On investigation of the
subject I am of the same opinion with reference
to it as the Senator from Iowa; but I suggest to
him whether if we say " at Kittery, Maine," it
does not leave it to the discretion of the head of
the Department to build it within the limits of the
yard which is in Kittery if he sees fit and can find
no other place as suitable. Is not the object ac-
complished in that way ? I do notsee thatitmakes
any difference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on the amendment to strike out the words
"Portsmouth, New Hampshire," and insert
"Kittery navy-yanl, Maine."
Mr. CLARK. No, sir; that is not the amend-
ment. It was to iuseit " Kitteiy, Maine." The
motion of the Senator from Iowa is not in order,
as it is an amendment in the third degree.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well,sir,1 willvarymy
motion, so that the opinion of the-Semite can be
taken upon it, and if that fails the other proposi-
tion can be offered. I move to strike out the
words " Portsmouth, New Hampshire," and
insert " Kittery navy-yard," simply.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That, then, is the
question before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted. I think the Kittery navy-yard is the
smallest yard in the United States except one, and
that, is the Philadelphia navy-yard, if 1 am not
mistaken. The Senator from Iowa made a speech
a year or two ago in which he gave the area of
all these yards. My impression is that the Phil-
adelphia navy-yard is the smallest, and the Ports-
mouth navy-yard is the next smallest, i think
the area of the yard is only about sixty acies, and
of that neatly half of it is covcied with buildings,
i speak that only from general impression, not rec-
ollection. I think it would be unjust and invid-
ious to compel the Government to build the hos-
pital within the limits of that ynitl. They are
not requited to build these hospitals within the
limits of any other yard in the United States, but
they are always removed to some suitable dis-
tance. 1 think the naval hospital in Massachu-
setts is nules fioni the navy-yaul. It certainly
is in Philadelphia. If you compel them to build
this hospital within this yard you incumber the
yard, you endanger the hie of everybody who
works there, and you affix an addition to the yard
that is not affixed to any other yard in the Uni-
ted Stales.
Mr. GRIMES. The yard at Kittei y has sixty
acres as the Senator has told us, and that at
Philadelphia has only between thirteen and fifteen
acres. Tile purpose I have in oiTeimg this amend-
ment is this: I do not suppose there is any ne-
cessity for the Government purchasing any more
land, if I am coirectly informed it is not the
opinion of the chief ofthe Medical Bureau of the
Navy that they should purchase more land. The
Senator tiomNew.Hampshire can state whether
thatis so or not. I have not talked with him for
a year or two about it, but I think the chief of
the Alcdicnl ISuieau, who is supposed to be better
informed aboutamatterofthis'kmd than anybody
else, was in favor of building the hospital in one
corner of the yard. And there are very many
sanitary reasons that maybe assigned in favorof
that proposition which it is not necessary forme to
detail here. There never would have been any
trouble about having a hospital there if it had not
been for personal conflicts that have grown up
between gentlemen whofeltaparticular interest in
this yard. There never has been any indisposi-
tion on the part of the Secretary of the Navy, or
of Admiral Smith, or of the chief of the Medical
Bureau, to build a hospital at Kittery navy-yard;
J>ut they did not think Congress ought to compel
them to build it at a particular spot, in the first
place, and, in the second place, they do notutider-
stand thespecificdircctions given by Congress as
the Senator from New Hampshire understood
them. They did not like the location in the first
place. Admiral Smith stated,in acommunication
which he made to the Senate, the reasons why he
thought the public interest would not be subserved
by adopting the proposition embraced in the law,
which was placed there, I believe, at the instance
of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. No; it came from the House of
Representatives.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator from Iowa will
allow me, I understand him to say that there is no
disposition on the part of the Navy Department
to build this hospital within the limits of the
navy-yard ?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; I did not say that.
I said there was no indisposition on the part of
the Navy Department to build a hospital at Ports-
mouth. They have been anxious to do it; and I
think at every session since I have been in Con-'
gress, certainly every session since this war be-
gan, the chief of the Bureau of Surgery and Medi-
cine,Dr. Whelan, has recommended thatitshould
be done. He has in each of his reports called the
attention of Congress to the necessity of building
a hospital at this particular placc; but I think
Dr. Whelan is not in favor, although he does not
say anything in hisreportin regard to it, of going
outside of the yard to build it. I am inclined to
think, from the best recollection 1 have of the con-
versation I had with him, he thinks there is ground
enough in the yard and at present owned by .the
Government, and that the expenditure of so much
money as would be required to purchase the new
land would be unnecessary.
But that is a matter for the discietion of Con-
gress, whether it shall be within the yard or not.
I only icpcat what the Senator from New Hamp-
shire has already said, that we have sixty acres of
laud in this yard. But instead of one third of it
being covered with houses, I suppose there are not
five acres of it covered with houses; ship-houses,
the houses of the commandants, &c., certainly
not to exceed six or seven acres. I suppose gen-
tlemen have been in the Philadelphia navy-yard,
and there in the whole limitsof that yaid we have
but fifteen acres, and we have commandants'
houses, ship-houses, and everything else that they
have at the Portsmouth navy-yaid; and yet, al-
though it is somewhat crowded, there is quite as
much business done there, and done, 1 suspect,
with as much facility, as there is in the yard at
Kittery.
Mr. SHERMAN. Wehavchad morediscus-
sions about this hospital at Kitteiy navy-yard, I
think, than is necessary to elucidate the subject.
It always stiucknieso. For three years, I think,
this same controversy has been in the Senate
neaily every year about the Kittery navy-yard,
and the land outside of it. Now, it is the desire
of Congress to appropriate a sum of money to
build a hospital adjacent to or within the navy-
yard there. Asthe House sent us the bill, they
appropriated §25,000 for a navy-yard at Ports-
mouth, but expressly required it to be built out-
side of the navy-yard. Now, the Senator from
Iowa wants us to appropriate §25,000 for that
purpose, upon the express condition that they shall
build it within the navy-yard. It seems to me
the proper way would be to appropriate $25,000
to build this hospital, and let the executive offi-
cers build it wherever they choose, if] was an
executiveofficercalledupon todisburse this money
I should not, without very good reasons, build it
within the navy-yard on account of the danger
arisitigfrom contagious diseases. There are many
reasons why it should be built beyond the navy-
yard. But I am perfectly willing to leave that
question to the executive officers. Itaeemstome,
