THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
sidered as in arrear, if any can be considered as
in arrear, so as to prevent our collecting it in the
future; but there can be no difference of opinion
as to this: that the law under which the tax is to
be leyied, if this amendment passes, is repealed
and cannot be enforced again, unless Congress
impose it again.
It seems to me that at this time it would be very
impolitic to say that Congress would tie up its
handsi*) anyway; that either branch of Congress
would tie up its hands, in any way against the im-
position of this,tax. We do not want it how, or
at least it h«a been supposed that we do not want
itnow.and-thatwe may not want it until 1865; but
the amendment of my friend from Iowa suggests
that we are not to.wa.ntit at all unless each branch
of Congress shall assent to it. Now look at the
probability of each branch of Congress assenting
to it. The taxes that you propose to pass, con-
sidered as indirect taxes, as contradistinguished
frona direct taxes, will be collected principally
from the States that will be least affected by the
direct tax; and if it should turn out that those
taxes are adequate to meet the exigencies at once
of the Government, then you will have no direct
tax, and the whole burden of the support of the
Government will be thrown upon the indirect tax-
ation. Taking that view of it I shall vote against
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator says there is some
contrariety of opinion among gentlemen here as
to what may be the effect of ihis proposition. I
do not understand that there is any. I have not
heard that there was any. I suppose that there
is but one kind of direct tax known to the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States. It was
in pursuance of the provision of the Constitution
which authorizes Congress to levy such a tax that
three years ago, in 1861, we passed an act im-
posing a tax of |20,000,000 upon the people of
this country. At n subsequent session of Congress
that was suspended. Nobody professes that there
is any ^eaire on the part of anybody that that law
shall be enforced. It was nut imposed by litis
Congress, but by another. Jt was not imposed
by a Congress that had the same kind of repre-
sentation that this Congress has. We had another
apportionment entirely of the people, and they
were represented under differentcireunistances in
Congress than they are now. All 1 propose is
this: that that law which you do not pretend that
you want to enforce, under which you do not
propose to collect any tax for twelve months,
shall stand repealed, and that you shall rely upon
the voluntary action of this Congivss ut tlio next
session to supply you with direct taxation if you
desire it.
The amendment is not open to the criticism
which is attempted to be raised against it, that it
may prevent the collection of taxes that were as-
sessed under the law which it is alleged X propose
to repeal, i do not propose to repeat it, even. The
amendment declares:
Tliat no future tUtect tax whatever e Jut II be assessed or
collected under tills or any nctol'Congresa heretofore pasted
until Congress shall enact another law requiring such as-
sessment or collection to be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I look at it in another
point of view; and that is, as a declaration, sub-
stantially, that this Congress do not mean under
any circumstances to havo a direct tax, and as
such it would affect our credit very muteruilly.
At present the declaration is not necessary; the
thing is inoperative; and wc need not make it and
affect the credit of the country until the time
comes, to say the least of it, in my judgment.
Mr. WILSON. I am afraid that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa will be understood
in the country as a declaration that 110 effort will
be made to collect the tax already ordered to be
collected. Two or three years ago we assessed,
I think, $20,000,000 of a direct tax. In some of
the States that assessment has not been paid. I
am in favor of making- that assessment and col-
lecting those tuxes, and I do not wish so to actas
shall interfere with that purpose. I desire to see
these huge rebel estatesassessed, taxed, and sold
by the Government for taxation and seitled by
our soldieis and our toiling people. I understand
that Forrest and Beauregard, and the runaway
Governor Hairis, of Tennessee, have all paid
thtir taxes within a very few weeks in order to
save their lands. I do know that some traitors
have, under the amnesty proclamation which has
been so injurious to the loyal men of the country,
paid their taxes to save their estates. I am in
favor of imposing these taxes in the rebel States
and collecting them, and using them not only for
the purpose of putting mo.ney into the Treasury,
but also of breaking down the great landed estates
of these slaveholding traitors.
Otherwise, I wish to say this: that I have not
the slightest doubt that we shall not have any
more direct taxes assessed. We see opposition
enough here now to prevent it. Senators say such
a tax is unequal, it is unequal; and we shall have
a stern opposition to it that will prevent it. I should
not like to see the direct tax law stand on the
statute-book, except for the reason that it seems
to me if we repeal it the Administration will take
it as a declaration on the part of Congress that
they must not wndertake to collect these taxes in
the rebel States that have already been ordered.
If those taxes were collected I would vote to re-
peal the direct tax law, because I have not the
slightest idea that we shall have any more taxes
assessed on lands. I think it would be wiser to
let those lands be taxed by the States to pay their
own State expenses, and the expenses of their
local communities, and to raise the revenue of the
nation in some other form. I fear, however, if
this amendment passes in its present form it wiil
be deemed and taken by the Administration as an
intimation not to undertake to collect the taxes in
the lebel States that have already been ordered to
he assessed. If Senators are sure the amendment
is not liable to this construction I shall vote for it.
Mr. GRIMES. All I have to say in answer to
that is that if the Administration is not familiar
with (he ordinary rules of grammar and the con-
struction of language they are as liable to a mis-
construction of any other law as they are in re-
gard to this. I do not think the Senator from
Massachusetts entertains the opinion that any
such construction can be given toitas he says or
thinks the Administration may give to jt.
JYlr. PGMEKOY. I suggest to ihe Senator
fiom Massachusetts tiiat if the Administration
construe the law as it now is to mean a suspen-
sion of this diiect taxin the secrded States, a law
to suspend the direct tax would be as bad as a
law to repeal it- I am certainly for repealing this
statute and getting it out of the way. If the ar-
gument of the Senator is worth anything it proves
too much.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
icsulted—yeas 21, nays 16; as follows:
YEAF*— Me.st.rs. Hrown, niieknlew, Oarlile, Chandler,
Oavis, DoolntJo, Crimes, li.irlai^ llondci^on, llendiieke,
Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane ol knnsa*, Pomcioy, Powell.
Uamsey, RichanUsou, Sherman, Trumhult, Wilkinson, ami
WiHott—SI.
NAYS—Mhsbm. Aiulionv, Clruk, Oonnos*, Fessendrn,
Fouler, Halo, Ilairis, Hicks, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill,
aiunner, Tea Eyck, Van Winkle, Wade, and vVtljey—15.
ABSENT—Mgsms. ColInnn>r, Cowan, Dixon", Foot, Har-
ding, Howard, McDnu<*nM, Ne nutU, ItUldln, Saul bury,
Spiague, and Wright—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. On page 141, section ninety-
three, line three hundred and seventy-two, 1 move
to strike out the words '* when sold or lemoved
for sale." The clause now reads:
On oil-drossed leather and deer skln^, dressed or smoked,
when sold or removed for sale, a duty of five per cent, ad
valorem.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that that amendment is not now in
older, the clause having been agreed to in that
form.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will be in order m the
Senate.
Mr. TEN EYCK. If it is not in order f will
let it go by for the present, and piopose another
amendment. On page 144, section nmcty-throe,
I move to strike out the proviso commencing in
lino four hundred and forty-one, in the following
words:
Provided. That when diamonds, emeralds precious
stones or imitations thereof, unpolled fiom lofeiyn coun-
tries', or upon winch import dutiex have been paid, shall
he bet or reset in gold or any otliei matenal, ihe duty shall
bo as'ics^cd and paid upon die value only of tlu setting'-.
The object of this amendment is to prevent an
unjust discrimination in favor of articles of use-
less character which may be regarded as luxuries
over articles of prime necessity and in every-day
use. The whole clause reads as follows:
On all diamond?, emeialcK precious atones, and imita-
tions theieof, and all other jewelry, a duty ol ten per com-
ad valorem: Prowled, That when diamonds, emeralds
precious stones, or imitations thereof, impoited fiom foi-
eign countries, or upon which import duties have been
paid, Miall he cot or reset in qold 01 any other matmal.the
duty shall be assessed and paid upon the value only of the
j-etungs;
If 1 understand the effect of the proviso, if it
should be adopted, it will be this; a diamond
worth $1,000, if it has been set before and is now
reset in a setting- that costs five dollars, is to bo
entirely free from this duty of ten per cent, ad
valorem. I do not understand the reason of the
discrimination in favor of an article of this kind
over articles which I see upon the opposite page,
such as " hats, caps, bonnets, or other articles of
dress for the wear of men, women, or children,
five per cent, ad valorem.'* The very articles that
go to make hats, caps, bonnets, and other articles
of wear for men, women, or children, are taxed
in the raw state, and are also taxed by this bill
when they are manufactured.
If this proviso stands, I think it will enable
persons engaged m this business of selling and
disposing of diamonds and precious stones to
cheat the Government out of a duty that they
ought to be subject to; and in the next place, as
I stated before, it will make an odious, unjust,
and improper discrimination in favor of a luxury
against an article of prime necessity and every-
day use. I received a letter from a gentleman
engaged in the jewelry business, in which he ex-
pressed the surprise of himself and a large num-
ber of persons engaged in that very business that
Congress should propose to do a thing of this
description.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the gentleman to
whom the Senator refers realiy did not consider
the effect of the pi ovision. The Senator will see
that the clause preceding the proviso puts a duty
of ten per cent, on all diamonds and precious
stones. Suppose, for instance, the Senator him-
self owns a diamond worth $500; he has to pay
a duty upon that of ten per cent.
Mi. TEN EYCK. Oh! no; not under this
clause.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not? This is not
an import duty. It is a duty " on all diamonds, em-
eralds, precious stones, and imitations then of,55
unices it is intended to apply to those tluit are m
the hands of manufacturers to be sold. Now,
then, take it either way: we either impose a tax
upon these things in the hands of individuals or
we do not. If we do not tax a person for a dia-
mond so long as he keeps it in Us present condi-
tion, and he chooses to cariy it to a jeweler and
have it reset, why should we do it because he
wants to have it reset?
Mr. TEN EYCK. I understand the effect of
this clause,and so docs my correspondent, to be,
that if it can be made to appear that the precious
stones which are subject to this duty of ten per
cent, have been set before they are only subject
to a tax upon the value of the setting alone and
not upon the precious stones. That is the way
that I understand it. Therefore, if it can be made
to appear that the diamond had once been set be-
fore and had once been used as an aiticle of at-
tire or been manufactured for sale, it should not
;l be liable for any duty of ten pcrcent. ad valorem^
;j but only the setting, which might be of the value
1 of two dollars, should be liable to it. Why, sir,
this would be an inducement to the men who deal
in these precious stones to make it appear to the
Government officials* that the precious stones had
been set before when they never had, and would
throw open the door to fraud and imposition upon
the Tieasury. That is the light 111 which 1-view it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does not the Senator see
the meaning of this clause? When they are im-
ported from foreign countries they pay a duty
upon their value. Then, if the person who has
paid this duty on their value carries them to a
jeweler's to have them reset, the proposition of
the Senator is to make him pay the duty over
again on the whole value of the diamonds instead
of upon the .setting.
Mr. TEN EYCK. That is not my undeistand-
iag of tiie direct operation of this clause. A dia-
mond may have been impoited fifty yais ago,
and, 1 tai.e it, under this tax bill, lii.it precious
si one ought to be subject to tin; duty often per cent.
ad valorem in order to raise levenue. That isthe
object. We want to keep the wheels of Govern-
ment moving.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator could not
