28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[October 31,
38tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
correspondence should be the same, by whatever
routes the mails may be conveyed.
Sec. 17. Where there are different mail routes,
correspondence shall be dispatched by the route
indicated by the sender upon the address, or by
the rate of postage prepaid, if different rates exist.
In the absence of such indications the dispatching
office will determine the route which it considers
most advantageous to the public interest.
Sec. 18. Unpaid letters, delivered by one ad-
ministration to another for a country to which
prepayment is compulsory, shall be returned to
the dispatching office as wrongly sent.
Sec. 19. Articles under band and subject to a
lower rate of postage, with compulsory prepay-
ment, shall, in case of insufficientprepayment, be
dispatched to their destination, charged with a
suitable extra rate. If such articles are wholly
unpaid, they shall not be dispatched
Sec. 20. International postal accounts cannot
be suppressed by a rule of general application;
but they should be simplified as far as possible.
For that purpose offices of exchange should not be
required to return acknowledgments of receipt of
mails, except for the correction of errors of the
dispatching office.
Sec. 21. International post offices, accounting
with each other for the rates and charges upon cor-
respondence exchanged between them, whether in
open or closed mails, shall account, as far as pos-
sible, by the piece for the correspondence in the
open mails, and by the net weight for the corre-
spondence in closed mails.
Sec. 22, Correspondence rcforwarded by rea-
son of a change of residence of the person ad-
dressed shall not, on that account, be liable to a
supplementary charge in favor of offices interested
in the postage previously accrued.
Sec. 23. Registered letters addressed to persons
who have departed for a foreign country not in-
terested in the postage prepaid shall be forwarded
to the new residence of the persons addressed,
charged wah additional postage and with a sup-
plementary registration fee, to be paid on delivery.
Sec. M. International correspondence wluch
shall have become dead shall be returned, with-
out cost, to the dispatching office. j
Sec. 25. As high transit charges upon corre- ■
spondenc.e present an insurmountable obstacle to .
the establishment of an international system of 1
correspondence upon conditions advantageous to |
the public, the tiunsit charge for each country
shall never be highei than one Imlfof the interior
rate of the transit country, and foi countrna of
small terutorial extent this trunsit charge shall he
even less. :
Skc. 26. The cost of sea conveyance claimed
by one country ftom another shall in no ease be !
higher than the rate charged upon its own cor- ;
respondcnce by the country by whose vessels the
conveyance shall be effected.
Slc. 27. It is desirable that postal administra-
tions having accounts with each othu- should
serve as intermediaries for the transmission of :
sums of money from one country to another by '
means of international rnoney-oidors, whenevm
this can be effected withoutcomplications dispro-
portions! to the advantages lesnlting from it.
Sec. 2^. Jn case of the non-payment at tln'stip- 1
ulated time of the balance due upon an adjustment :
of an international postal account, the amount of
the balance shall bear interest ftom the expira- [
tion of the stipulated period at the rate agreed ;
upon by convention.
Sec. 2D. In the adjustment of uniform postal !
rates the greatest possible number of countries
should be included in the same zone and subject
to the same 1 ate.
Sec. 30. Free conveyance of its official com-
munications with other postal administrations
should be grunted to each postal administration.
Sec. 33. There should be a class of letters de- j
nominated "uigent," for delivery by express |
messengeis, for which a special supplementary
charge shall be paid.
I have adopted this basis of international postal
intercoms-,1 for the treaties hereafter to be made
uyderthe direction of this Department,and hope
to leorganize our foreign system on that plan. 1
Advices have icuchuJ me that the Swiss admin- '
iottyiiun has adopted the same s3*stem, and that
the Governments of Belgium and of Italy have !
concurred. There is reason to believe that the
other European Governments will also appreciate
the importance of the uniformity and simplicity
of postal action proposed by the conference, and
will adhere to the principles of the Paris resolu-
tions. A reduction of postal rates, combined with
a large increase of postal correspondence, will nat-
urally result from the inauguration of the new
system. The enlightened sentiments expressed
by the majority of the delegates lead me to hope
that I shall be able to establish only two single
rates of postage for letters on the one hand, and
for all other postal correspondence on the other,
exchanged between the United States and all parts
of Europe.
It is my intention to publish a translation of the
record of the conference as an appendix to this
report.
I deem it proper, in concluding my remarks on
this subject, to make known the fact that the pub-
lic owes the suggestion to invite this international
conference to Hon. John A. Kasson, who repre-
sented our Government in it with such zeal and
ability as to command the thanks and warm ap-
proval of his associates. I do not doubt that im-
portant and lasting advantages are to flow from
this conference, due in a great degree to his assi-
duity, practical ability, and earnestness in the
cause of progress.
contract office.
Transportation Statistics,
Table No. 7 A exhibits the service as it stood 011
the 30th of June last in the States of Maine, New
Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts,Rhode isl-
and, Connecticut,New York, New Jeiscy, Penn-
sylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Ohio, Western
Vhginia, Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin,
Iowa, Missouri, Kentucky, California, Oregon,
Kansas, and the Territories of Now Mexico,
Utah, Nebraska, Washington, Colorado,and Da-
kota, at which time there were in operation in
those States and Territories (>, IG1 mail routes, the
number of contractors being 5,595. The length
of these routes was 139.598 miles, and the mode
of service divided as follows: railroad, 22,152;
steamboat, 44,744; with celerity, certainty, and
security, 112,702.
Theannuai transportation of mails was 56,226,-
015 miles, costing $5,740,576, divided na follows:
railroad, 22,Al 1,558, at $2,f>MH,517, about 11 cents
a mile; steamboat, 2,004,771, at $22^,542, about
11 1-5 cents t\ mile; with celerity, certainty, and
security, 31,3 m,686, at #2,977,403, about 9] cents
a mile.
Tlie number of ionic .i£ enrs m the service was 387, at a
eomiH'twituvn <-f    {$08!V360 00
The numlxn of local agents 4,"), coMtua: . UU
Tho number ol mail nie^senjrerx w;is l,-lo6,
eo-unjf  170.872 06
Tin' number of baL'tfif-'C masters in eiuirj;e of
erpiov- niaiN \\,i> IK!,   7, M0 00
Tin* number of a<rrnt>- employed on '■•reamers
eon\o,\ ui£ mails lo soutin'm jxms was 8,
eating  Cb 0 00
This  um added to Uicco-tof eorviee m oper-
ation 011 Uic Udth of June, l^GJ 
Makes the total at that <lnte.....
•190,046 Ob
5,740,,775 00
•Mail Lcttings of 1803. j
The contract term for the southern section, !
oompnsniit the .States of Virginia, North Caio- i
hna, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, ox- j
pired 011 the 30th of June last, and the new term 1
eomnancal on the 1st of July following. The |
letinigs of contracts for this term embraced only
the routes in Western Virginia, that being the j
only poition of the section m which the mails are
transported under authority from this Depart-
ment.
Compared with the service of the 30th of June,
1863, the length of routes is increased 5,585 miles, -|
with an annual increase of transportation of j
2,793,490 miles, at a decrease in cost of $113,258, '
being about two per cent. This savins: is due 1
principally to tho result of the tattings of J 862 and t
(he operations of the service under the system of ,i
considering such bids alone as are made accord- ]
ing to the requirements of the act of March 3, 1
1845, for letting the contracts for transportation ■
of the mails,and which has already been referied
to in the report of 1862. 1
Other tables showing the operations of the C011- ,1
tract office are appended to this report. (See No.
7, B, C, and D.)
Mails on the Pacific and Atlantic.
The floods on the north Pacific coast winter
before last, and the insurrection in the south At-
lantic States, interrupted the overland mails for a
few months on the west coast, and continue to in-
terrupt them on the east. In both cases I have
had recourse to the routes by sea for the convey-
ance of mails between the ports in our possession.
These were formerly the usual routes, and there
is no law prohibiting the use of them by the
Department.
The Sixth Auditor has, however, refused to pay
the contractors for this service, on the ground that
contracts for service by sea between the ports of
the United States are unauthorized by law, and
illegal. He errs, I believe, both in the construc-
tion of the law and also as to the extent of his au-
thority to revise and annul contracts made by the
Postmaster General. It becomes necessary, there-
fore, for Congress to act on the subject to enable
me to pay for the service already performed, and
to continue it.
Overland Mails,
The conti*act on the overland route from St.
Joseph, Missouri, to Piacerville, California, au-
thorized by the act of Congress of March 2,1861,
| will expire by its own limitation on the 30th June,
: 1864. To continue the service, I have divided the
! route into four parts, and issued invitations for
; proposals to convey the mails on these divisions
. as separate routes, the whole, however, being
i united by continuous schedules so as to form
j one route, as at present, but terminating at Fol-
! som City, the intersection of the Sacramcnlo
! Valley railroad, instead of Piacerville.
j The act of Congress directing one continuous
I route limits the duration of the service under it to
i June 30, 1864. To continue the service beyond
: that date 1 have fallen back upon the vaiious
enactments of Congress, covering the whole line
as post roads in detached portions. This seems
to me to be the preferable mode of letting the
service, and most likely to secure the best terms.
Legislation will therefore only be needed to secure
the conveyance by sea of printed matter intended
for the west coast, and for raising the rates of
postage on such matter for intermediate places
on the overland route. The last day for receiv-
ing bids for the.ic routes is, however, fixed for
the 3d of ATarch, 1864, allowing sufficient time
for any action that Congress may deem best to
adopt. The service on this route has been per-
formed during the past year with commendable
reguhuity and efficiency, and no accident, Indian
hostility, or other casualty has occurred to pre-
vent or retard the safe and piompt transmission
of mails and passengers, the trips being, with
raie exceptions, accomplished within the sched-
ule time.
Tho contract for the service between Sacra-
mento, California, and Portland, Oregon, and
Olympia, Washington Territory, authorized by
the act approved June 21, 1860, will expire 011
the 15th September, 1864; and as the route
was but an aggregation of previously existing
routes, it has become necessary to return to the
original authority of the Department over them,
and iuute bids for service on sepai ale portions as
bcfoic. This has been done by advertisement
dated on the 15th October.
FINANCE OFFICE.
For the details of the financial operations of
this Department during the past fiscal year,
lefepmce is made to the accompanying able and
comprehensive report of the Auditor. From that
document the following summary of the receipts
and expenditures is derived:
Expenditures for 1863.
The ■wpcuditui^s o' rhe Department dining ihc fiscal ywi
ended Juno o0, l^i. .mrMnitcd 10 ^$11,314,9W5
In w Inch ^ included the -te 1 01 .$'1^1,182 59
prud tor mail transpottaia-n ol previous
jeais.
Revenue for 1863.
The ijrofc-* revenue for the ytar IS63, includ-
ing lccripf, ftom letter-earriei-* and fium
foieiini postages, umuanted to  11,163 7?D 59
Showing a deficiency of .
*1.30.417 OS
