1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1657
gested by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. .Alley,j independent measures,each merit-
ing the proper attention and proper support of
the House.
I recur, as near as I can recollect, to the point
in my argument where I left off some time since.
That was, that as an economical measure for the
financial interests of the country this bill is re-
quired, and ought to be passed by the House. 1
think I was saying I had been an opponent of the
subsidy system, and am still an opponent of it
when iU is urged upon us to a large amount.
Take, for example, the Collins line, to which hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars were annually ap-
propriated for a long period of time for the pur-
pose of maintaining commercial and postal com-
munication between New York and Liverpool;
just the very line of all others where commerce
itself should sustain a line. That was, to use the
words of the gentleman from Kentucky, in the
nature of a bounty to a particular line. If this
were a proposition of that sort, to give a subsidy
in the nature of a bounty to a commercial line, I
should agree that it way improper.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 trust the gentleman from Iowa
will allow me to make ti statement in this connec-
tion.
Mr. KASSON. Certainly.
Mr. ALLEY. While the amount of the sub-
sidy from the United States is limited to §150,000,
the committee received such information as in-
duces it to believe that the whole &orvice can be per-
formed for $250,000. If Brazil should join with
us in paying half the expense, it will leave only
$125,000 to be paid by the United States, and the
receipts from postage, judging from the best data
we had, will amount to at least$50,000, thereby
reducing the actual expenditure to a less sum than
$100,000.
Mr.-KASSON. Avery important statement,
Mr. Speaker. At this tune we give to any line
of steamer*, foreignor domestic, that carries our
mails to a foieign country, all the postages that
accrue on these mails' if a domestic steamer,
both inland and ocean postage, and if a foreign
steamer, the ocean postage. This is 'no longer
a-bounty. It pat takes of the nature of an exact
compensation for services rendered m carrying
the mails of the United States, with enormous
incidental advantages to the country in the way
of changing the balance of trade, or at least di-
minishing that balance, which is now so greatly
against us. It is on that ground I support it.
In the case of the Collins line, to which gentle-
men are disposed to refer, we appropriated a
specific amount to that line. Here, on the con-
trary, we fix a small maximum of compensation,
and allow the whole world to bid for the service
at as much less a rate as companies may be will-
ing to take the mails for. In that rcspect, also,
it "differs in an important manner fiom the old
system of subsidy to transatlantic steamers. I
think the gentleman from Massachusetts is very
right when he protests against our being left so
utterly dependent on foreign lines if we can get
the service performed by our own steamers for
so moderate a sum as is appropriated by this bill.
Mr. WILSON. I understand my colleague to
state that the balance of trade is against us, and
in favor of Brazil, to the amount of §12,000,000
per annum. I desite to know how a line of
steamers receiving a subsidy of $150,000 per an-
num is to be relied on for the correction of this
immense balance against the United States.
Mr. KASSON. If my colleague from Iowa
had examined the statistics of trade as developed
by the establishment of steamship lines to other
countries he would see the importance of this
measure.
Mr. WILSON. I asked thatquestion in order
to draw out the infonnation which I presumed
that my colleague had.
Mr. KASSON. I should be very happy to give
any infoimation in my possession upon this sub-
ject. At present we have no line of steamships
and no lcguHr communication with Brazil, but
are compelled to rely upon means of communica-
tion irregular in their character for all our com-
merce with that country.
The products of Brazil comprise certain staples
which we must have, and which we do obtain in
large quantities; coffee being perhaps the largest
among them. But, sir, we have no means of reg-
ular communication with Brazil, and vessels only
go there irregularly and infrequently. Now, sir,
if by this small postal subsidy we can establish
semi-monthly communication that shall be reli-
able, you will find that manufacturers, and ex-
porters will export largely to that country, and
that our commerce will in a very short time be so
developed by such a line of communication that
this large balance of trade against us will be greatly
diminished or overcome.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Iowa, how it happens, if these advantages
are so certain, that they have not been seized on
by private enterprise.
Mr. WILSON. That is precisely the question
I had risen to ask.
Mr. KASSON. I am happy to answer both
gentlemen with one response. It is, that private
enterprise has not ventured any more here than
it has done in foreign countries, where scarcely
a line of steamships has ever been originally
established without aid from Government. Jl
will mention also, as an illustration of the advant-
ages to be derived, that several foreign steamship
companies have made most earnest requests of
the Postmaster General to use the name of United
States mail steamships on condition of carrying
our mails, in order to insure commercial confi-
dence as to the regulanty of their lines.
Mr. STEVENS. Was that since the Alabama
has been abroad ?
Mr. KASSON. Yes, sir, there are two lines
now begging for this advantage, in order to give
commercial confidence in their legulanty.
Mr. ALLEY. I would like to say a word, if
the gentleman will permit me, in reference to the
question propounded by the gentleman from Iowa
furthest from me, [Mr. Wilson.] I have before
me a letter from the American consul at Rio de
Janeiro, dated in July, 1862, inclosing to this
Government a report of the commercial condition
of Brazil, in which he alludes to the mateiial in-
jury the trade of the United States has sustained
wjtli that country owing to the rebel privateers
which have been in their waters, and urging the
importance of a regular line of steam communi-
cation between Brazil and the United States. In
this letter occurs this passage:
<lSo long asthoie is no direct steam communication be-
tween Ura/ji and the Uniied ftuit<'&, juht so long will our
nation occupy the present humiliating position m regard t6
the control of"its couuneloc.•,, uTlie uade with England
and France has giown enormously,and almost beyond be
lief, t-mce the Governments of those countries established
regular monthly steam communication with Brazil.
Now, I will say in this connection, our com-
merce with Mexico in 1835 was $90,000,000 an-
nually. The commerce of Great Britain with
Mexico at that time was less than ours. Butby
the establishment of a steam communication di-
rectly to Mexico, her commerce has gone up to
$>28,000,000 per annum, while ours is reduced to
$8,000,000. The whole annual commerce of Mex-
ico is but about fifty-four million dollars of com-
mercial exchanges. Of this, $28,000,000 goes
to England, $,8,000,000 to the. United States,
§.>,000,000 to France, and the balance to the rest
of the world. Just so in degree has it been with
Brazil. Our commercial intercourse with Brazil,
so far as commercial exchanges are concerned,
has decreased, while that of Great Britain has
continually increased ever since the establishment
of this line of steam communication, doubling
the very first year of steam communication be-
tween Great Britain and Brazil, until at this time
it amounts in exports of Biitish products i be-
lieve to £22,000,000, while ours is only about
six million dollars of exports, while we receive
£2I,000,U00of imported goods, making more than
thirteen million dollars balance of trade against us.
Mr. KASSON. These facts, Mr. Speaker, fur-
nish an unanswerable argument as to the effect of
the establishment of a steamship line. Any per-
son may doubt as to whether we pay too much
for the service or not. That point is open to
argument. In developing the vast interests of the
country I do not think any gentleman who has
given this subject examination can entertain a
doubt as to the great advantage to a commercial
country of a steamship line.
Mr. ALLEY. Let me make a suggestion, if
my friend will yield a moment, in reply to the
question propounded by the gentleman fiom Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens.J He asked why private
enterprise could not do this. That is impossible.
England has too great a start of us. England
grants subsidies to the extent of over four mil-
lion dollars, and no nation upon the face of the
globe, as we all know, understands its pecuniary
interest better than England. Yet, from the com-
mencement of the subsidy system in 1840 down
to the present time, she has greatly increased ,it
until it amounts to four million dollar? and up-
ward. Under these circumstances, our capital-
ists and commercial men find it impossible to
compete with British merchants supported by
their Government by such large subsidies.
Mr. WILSQN. How much does England
pay as a subsidy to this Brazilian line?
Mr. KASSON. My recollection is that it is
about seventy-five thousand pounds sterling.,
ENKOLUCD BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they hud examined and found
truly enrolled bills and resolutions of the follow-
ing titles:
An act (H. II. No. 14|) to enable the people
of Nebraska to form a-constitutionand State gov-
ernment, and for the admission of such State into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
States;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 21) relative to the
accounts of the petty officers, seamen, and others
of the United States gunboat Cincinnati;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 13) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Admiral Porter;
An act (H. R. No. 297) fixing; the date of the
loss of the United States brig Bambridge, and for
the relief of officers, seamen, and marines of the
same, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 54) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to sell at public auc-
tion lot No. 13 in the village of Sackctt's Harbor,
New York.
STEAMSHIP LIKE TO BRAZIL AGAIN.
Mr. KASSON resumed the floor.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Understand the
gentleman to state that he intended to demand the
previous question at the conclusion of his speech.
If that be so, I should like to put an inquu y either
to him or to the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads before thatis done.
Mr. KASSON. I agreed with the gentleman
from Massachusetts to move the previous ques-
tion, and I will yield to the gentleman to make
his inquiry.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I ask whether it
is intended to confine this service to American
vessels?
Mr. ALLEY. That is the understanding.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Why, then, has
the provision which is contained in bills of this
character been omitted?
Mr. ALLEY. It was thought best to leave the
details of the bill to the Postmastei General. He
is authorized to make such regulations as he may
deem expedient.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I hope that 1 will
be allowed to move an amendment on that point.
Mr. KASSON. 1 shall be obliged to yield to
the gentleman from Massachusetts to call for the
previous question. I am in favor of making it an
American line.
Mr. ALLEY. While I deem it entirely unne-
cessaiy, I shall notobject to the anu-ndinent; and
if there is any doubt on the subject, of course it
is proper.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman fiom New
York and the chairman can fix on the proper
form of the amendment while I continue my re-
marks.
Mr. Speaker, the line is proposed to be estab-
lished from one of our poits north of the Poto-
mac to Rio Janeiro, and in any event it will un-
| doubtedly be an American line. In icference to
i the subject of subsidies, let me say that the French
Government has within the two or three past
years followed the precedent of the English Gov-
ernment, and have granted very large subsidies to
lines running not only to Brazil and to Mexico,
but one to New Orleans. And if that course is
pursued by foreign Governments in the future,
and the com so of the American Government is to
be characterized by a neglect of ail tin* statistics
iii vol ved in tins question and of the impoi tant in-
terests inevitably involved in it, we shall find our
steam commercial marine driven from the sea.
The English Government has paid enormous
i subsidies to the Cunard line; and the objection
