2634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
and silver, which it may direct to be coined, and
the same power over foreign coin; it may declare
bylaw at what value foreign coin may pass, and
that is all the jurisdiction or power that it has over
the subject of regulating the currency.
The greatest curse in the world to a country,
financially and commercially, is a spurious cur-
rency, an unsound currency. The only standard
of a sound currency is the precious metals, gold
and silver, and the viciousness of a currency is
measured by its depreciation below that common
standard of the world; -I admit that Congress
may indirectly operate'to bring up a paper cur-
rency to the par of gold and silver. The first or
second United States Bank, I believe, once per-
formed that office; I have an indistinct recollec-
tion of it; but at one time, when there was a gen-
eral suspension of specre payments by all the
banks, it gave notice beforehand to those banks
that on a particular day it would resume specie
payments, and that forced all the State banks
Chat were solvent to the same step, and those that
were not able to resume specie payments went to
the wall, as they should have done.
The General Government may perform two
important offices in bringing back the country to
specie payments. The honorable Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] the other day spoke justly
and truly in relation to the necessity of a sound
and wholesome circulating medium, and he lik-
ened it, properly, to the circulation of the human
System. Both circulations must be healthy,
neither redundant, to perform their respective
offices properly. The General Government is in
duty bound, when it can incidentally in the proper
exercise of its power, to aid the country and the
moneyed institutions of the country to return to
specie payments.
There are but two legitimate modes, according
to my understanding of the nowcrs of Congress,
by which this can be effected orattemptcd by the
Secretary of the Treasury or the Congress or the
Government of the United States, and the first
is, let the Government itself resume specie pay-
ments; let it give notice to all the banks of the
United States that on a given day it will resume
specie payments. Whenever that notice is given
by the Government the banks in Kentucky will
be ready to resume spccie payments. They are
in a condition that will enable them to resume any
day after a very short notice, and that is the state
of affairs and the business which they would
prefer.
If it is so necessary, as I concede it is, for the
business of the country, for the operations of its
Government, for all of its commerce and all of
its industry, that we should havoasound and uni-
form currency, we can only have a mixed cur-
rency upon that inflexible and essential principle
of all legitimate banking, that no paper should
circulate when it is not redeemable at its counter
in coin by the power that emits it. If the Gov-
ernment of the United States would just put itself
in position to resume specie payments in six or
twelve months or at any time, and give to the
banks of all the States timely notice that on such
a day it will resume specie payments, my word
for it that movement followed up by the corre-
sponding action of the Government would force
every bank in the United States that could live
at all to resume specie payments on the very same
day, and those that could not live ought to go to
the wail and cease to be banks and to emit a cir-
culating medium. That is one legitimate mode
in which the Government of the United States
may operate, and which its duty to the people of
the United States and to the commerce and busi-
ness and industry of the United States requires
that it should operate to bring about a general
resumption of specie payments, by resuming
itself.
There is another legitimate mode in which the
Congressand theGovernmentofthe United States
might operate properly and safely and within the
pale of its powers to effect this great desideratum
of the resumption of specie payments; and that
is, to repeal the law making greenbacks a legal
tender. Whenever that law shall be repealed and
banks and individuals are permitted by the au-
thority of the laws of Congress to collect their
dues in gold and silver, all banks that are based
upon a solid capital will soon place themselves in
position to resume specie payments. Theunwise
and vicious legislation of Congress has made an
irredeemable paper a legal tender, in my judg-
ment, against the Constitution. I think that ques-
tion will yet come up in a form in which the prin-
ciple will be decided by the courts of the country
under the imperious and universal demands of
the people of the country and its business and
industry, that nothing but gold and silver can be
emitted by Congress or the authority of the Gen-
eral Governmentas a legal tender. I think it was
a great mistake, and 1 think the results have
proved that it was a great mistake on the part of
the Government to resort, in the first instance, to
this irredeemable paper, and to force it upon the
country as a legal tender. In my judgment, it
would have been much wiserand much more ben-
eficial to the interests of the country and the con-
venience and economy of the Government if the
Government had atonce gone into themarketand
borrowed as individuals borrow, upon its credit;
and I believe that theamountof costand discount
to the Government would not have borne any pro-
proportion to its loss between the par of green-
backs and the par of gold and silver.
I have merely adverted to these two modes in
which the Government can legitimately and effi-
ciently operate to bring the country to specie pay-
ments generally. Lot it pay specie itself, and
when it does do so it will bean example of so much
force and efficiency that none can withstand it.
Let it withdraw by funding or otherwise all of its
legal-tender notes; let Congress leave the business
of the country alone, and let them restrict the op-
erations of the Government to the legal, constitu-
tional currency, gold and silver. That is the only
currency and medium of exchanges of the world.
But, sir, in relation to this immediate amend-
ment, here are banks in Kentucky that have dol-
lar for dollar in gold and silver to redeem all their
circulation; some a little less and some a little
more. They have been striving ever since this
spurious paper assumed the place of a sound, con-
stitutional currency, to get in their paper. They
have not been able to effect it. It is not then-
fault nor default that they have not redeemed this
paper. I ask, then, if it is not unjust and op-
pressive legislation to impose upon these banks
a duty upon their paper in circulation under these
circumstances. Itseems so to me, sir,and there-
fore I offer the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can scarcely think that
the Senator expects or anticipates this amendment
to be adopted by the Senate. The Senate have
already acted upon this subject very fully. The
reduced tax agreed upon by the Senate, I sup-
pose, will not be objected to by any one. If the
Senator wishes to compel the retirement of these
notes, or wishes to provide a mode by which the
banks will have an opportunity to redeem them,
I will join with him in such an endeavor; and 1
will suggest to him amode by which we can com-
pel the redemption of these notes. He says the
banks cannot redeem them because they are not
presented for payment. If I had the power I
would adopt some such device as has been adopted
in the rebel congress, and I would sooner compel
their redemption by authorizing the bank to de-
duct two, three, or four per cent, for every month
that those bank bills remain outstanding. In that
way you would compel their presentation and re-
demption, and that is a thing that ought to be ac-
complished to prevent the inflation of the currency.
The small tax that is now placed upon the cir-
culation of the banks is one that they can very
readily pay. They draw full interest on every
bank bill that is outstanding. They hold in their
vaults the notes of their customers to an amount
equal to the amount of their circulation. As a
matter of course they did not part with their cir-
culating notes without receiving something for
them. They hold the notes of their customers on
which they are receiving from six to ten per cent,
interest. If, as the Senator says, these notes are
not presented for redemption, then they are draw-
ing this interest without any risk, without any
danger, without i\ny liability, for nothing. 1
think instead of paying one per cent, interest to
the Government they ought to share the interest
they are receiving; that is, pay three per cent.
Ifl had the power, and I only regret that the
Senate did not agree with me, I would at least
compel a share of the profits of the banks derived
from the condition of affairs in which we are now
placed.
As the Senate will not agree with me in that, I
am surprised that the Senator from Kentucky
should object to the tax of one per cent, on their
circulation when he can see that they are diaw-
ing at least six per cent, on their circulation out-
standing. If what he says is true that these notes
are never presented to the bank, that they will
not be presented, that they are hoarded, that is
only the more reason why we should increase the
tax and not diminish it. If he desires legislation
to compel the holders of the notes to present them
for payment I will join with him in providing
that legislation, and it will be some such mode as 1
have suggested, by levying a tax on the holder
of the bank bills and requiring the bank to deduct
a tax of one or two or three per cent, if it is not
presented within three months. Some such device
as that would remedy the evil of which the Sen-
ator from Kentucky complains, and I would be
very glad to see it adopted.
Mr. POWELL. I do not think that the plan
proposed by the Senator from Ohio is at all feasi-
ble.' We certainly have no power to pass any
law by which we will compel a bill-holder to pre-
sent his note, and if he does not to take off a por-
tion of it every month. Certainly such a propo-
sition would not be regarded as in the shape of
taxation in any form.
I think that the amendment proposed by my
colleague is eminently proper. I know that all
the banks of Kentucky have ceased virtually to
issue any paper; and. most of the banks, I believe
all of them, some of them I absolutely know, have
been making efforts within the last year or two
to retire all their paper. I conversed with the presi-
dent of one of our banks who was in this city a
very few days ago, and he told me thut for the
last year he had been using every effort to retire
all the paper issues of his bank, that he had not
issued in that period a single dollar, and that ab-
solutely he had agents at work giving premiums
to buy it up, and he had still a million dollars
or more of circulation out. I do not think that a
bank struggling to get in its issues in that way,
should be taxed. The moment they come m they
will be retired. The truth is that it is agood bank
the issues of which stay out in this way. If you
would tax the trashy paper that comes in quicker,
you would do the country more service; but those
banks who desire to retire all their issues, who
try all they can to get in their notes and when
they are in do not reissue them, should not be
taxed upon their circulation. Tax the issues made
hereafter if you choose. I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. I will only add a word to what
has been said. If the honorable Senator from
Ohio had offered his amendment in the form in
which he now suggests it, as a substitute for the
section which was offered a few days ago, that
there should be atax of a certain percentage upon
all the outstanding circulation of the various
State banks in the hands of the holder, and that
on the presentation of those notes the bank should
be at liberty to withhold from the redemption as
much as would meet the tax upon the paper, I
should have much less objection to that proposi-
tion than to the one which he offered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can assure the Senator
that if I supposed Congress would adopt it, I
would propose to levy a tax of three per cent,
after three months, six per cent, after six months,
and twenty per cent, after twelve months, and I
would make it the interest of every bill-holder
very promptly to come in and present his bill for
redemption within the three months, so as to
avoid the tax; but I am told that such a propo-
sition as that would not be sustained.
Mr. DAVIS. But I havea radical and funda-
mental objection to the proposition of the honor-
able Senator. In the first place every note that
is issued by a bank is a contract. It is a contract
between the bank and any person who accepts
that note, and, consequently, neither party to the
contract can change its terms. But there is a
general leading principle of taxation which the
Senator's proposition would, as he last explained
it, violate. I hold thatall unequal taxation isun-
constitutional. My explanation is that where the
same subject or class of subjects is taxed, the tax
must be laid equally on the article in the hands
of all persons who own it. For example, could
Congress in this bill, or any other bill, assess
whisky, or any other subject of taxation, at one
rate in one State and at a different rate in another
