1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
'made by the English people to it is based upon
the fact that commerce alone supports the steam-
•ship lines between Liverpool and New York, and
on that account the Currard subsidies willbe term-
inated. But there is no demand by the English
people upon the British Government that they
"Shall withdraw the subsidies to foreign lines geri-
erally.
' Now, I speak of this matter as a measure By
"itself; and if any other proposition comes up for
other lines from an American port to any foreign
port, I ask that thatalso may be considered upon
its own. merits. As it is possible that commer-
cial gentlemen in different States may endeavor
to learn the disposition of Congress from this de-
bate, I will remark that another foreign Govern-
ment has been exceedingly anxious to establish
a line of steamships between them and thiscoun-
-try. I refer to the Belgian Government, which
officially stated during the last summer that they
would give liberal subsidies to any American
company which would establish a line between
Antwerp and New York. They did not then
even demand a subsidy from the United States,
and 1 doubt whether a subsidy from this Gov-
ernment would-be necessary. But 1 deem it of
great importance to the commercial interests of
this country that this Congress should show a
disposition, not to be extravagant at all, but to
develop the commercial interests of the country in
connection with the postal services between the
United States and foreign countries. - And, as
I said before, let our debate rather be upon the
amount we may feel justified in giving, more or
less, but let it not show that the opinion of this
Congress is that the commercial interests of this
.country are entirely independent of the develop-
ment of ocean steam navigation.
One word more, and 1 will leave the subject.
It is that this line now proposed,to be established
is one which is an effort on the part of the Uni-
ted States to reclaim, in part, its share of the great
commerce of the ocean; to reclaim its position
and its flag upon the seas, which have been par-
tially driven off by efforts in foreign countries to
drive us from the ocean. 1 recollect that one of
the great Prussian monarchs, immediately after
the close of a seven years' war, built a magnifi-
cent palace for his own habitation and that of his
successors. And when asked how he could do
it after his country had been drained of its finan-
cial resources by a war with Austria, replied he
did it to signify to that enemy that the resources
of his country were not exhausted.
Somewhat in (hat spirit would I say now to the
other commercial nations of the world, that al-
though they have indirectly contributed largely,
and allowed their citizens to contribute to enter-
prises intended to drive our commercc from the
seas, yet the United States is not intending to
yield, in the face even of this war, to any sueli
enterprises upon tliepartof foreign Governments,
but stand ready to inaugurate their commercial
equality in the face of all obstacles which have
been interposed against us.
Mr. STEVENS. I would ask the gentleman
whether we should not promote American com-
merce a great deal more by offering premiums for
the destruction of the Alabama and other pirates,
Bo that our ships can venture out to sea?
Mr.ICASSON. When the distinguished chair-
man of my committee shall introduce a bill to that
effect I think 1 can say I will support it. The
absence of one good measure does not justify us
in defeating another good measure. My great
object is to develop the wealth and prosperity of
this country by an enterprise of this kind. If I
thought myself wrong in my reasoning upon the
effect of this bill 1 certainly should not support
it. You will increase the commercial power of
the country by doing it. You will increase the
advantages of our connection with a gi eat and pios-
perous foreign cpuntry; and I ask what gentleman
upon this floor will admit my premises and will not
at the same time admit my conclusions, that it
would be better for us to give some small aid in
order to restore in favor of American commerce
the balance of trade which lias so largely increased
against us in the absence of a direct communica-
tion.
I intended, sir, to speak for only ten minutes,
but these interlocutoiy remarks have carried me
beyond my original intention. I beg pardon of
the House for the time I have occupied, and now,
m accordance with my agreement, I renew the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the bill upon
the table, and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 30, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. -Anderson, Ambrose W. Claik, Clay,
Uoffroth, Dawson, Denison, Durnont, Eekley, Eden,
Farnsworth, Gridei, Julian, Keliey. King, Lnzear, Loan,
Lou", McDowell, William H. Miller, James It. Morris,
Noble, Ottil, Puce, William II. Randall, Robmson, Sloan,
Stevens, Thayer, Tracy,and Wilson—30.
NAYS—Messrs. WillmmJ. Allen, Alley, Allison, Ames,
Ashley, Daily, Augustus O. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Beamun, Francis P. Blair, Brooks, Chanter, Cole.
Cox, Oieswell, Dawes, Ehhidge, Finck, Frank, Ganson,
Garfield, Goocli, Gnnnell, Hall, Hunting, Benjamin G.
Harris, Hernck, Ilisby, Hooper, Ilotohkiss, Asahel W.
Huhbaid, Jenekes, William Johnson, Kalbfleiseli, Kasson,
Francis IV. Kello«g, OilandoKeilogg, Kernan, Law, Mal-
lory, iMaicy, Maivin, McAllister, MeBride, MeClurg, Mc-
Kinncy, Samuel F. Miller, Daniel Mon is. Mm risen, Leon-
aid Myers, Noiton, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Perham, Pike,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander
[I. Rice, John' H. Rice, Rogers, Edward Ii. Iiollins, James
S. Rollins, Ross, Sclienek, Seoll, Shannon, Smith, Simtll-
ers, Stebbius, John 1!. Steele, William G. Steele, Strouse,
Stuart, Vooihees, William B. VVa«hbuin, Webster, Wha-
lev, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Williams, Wilder, Wm-
lield, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—87.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. WiSHBURNE, of Illinois, (during the
roll-call,) stated that he had paired off upon this
question with Mr. Blaine, and that if at liberty
to vote he [Mr. Washburne] would have voted
in the affirmative, while Mr. Blaine would have
voted in the negative.
The question recurred upon the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. FERN ANDO WOOD. I understood the
chairman of theCommittee on the Post Office and
Post Roads to agree that I should offer my amend-
ment. I suppose, however, that I cannot oiler it
during the pendency of the demand for the pre-
vious question,
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Iowa
withdraws the demand for the previous question
the amendment can be offered, butnot otherwise.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman read his
amendment for information ?
' Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The amendment
I propose is to confine this service to American
vessels, by inserting the word "American"after
the words " first class," in the eighth line of the
first section of the bill.
Mr. KASSON. I yield to the gentleman to
offer that amendment. ^
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I offer that amend-
ment.
Mr. KASSON. I insist on the demand for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to lay the bill upon the
table.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 27, noes 88.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. ALLEY demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
maiii question oideted.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill; and called for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman and
Alley were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 20, noes 88.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; andalso moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALES 01' GOLD.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask leave to report a bill
from theCommittee of Ways and Means, which,
if it be passed at all, ought to be passed at once.
Mr. ALLEY. I yield with great pleasure *o
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of order.
This day was set apart for Post Office business,
which is a special order in the House. My ques-
tion is, whether by the consent of the chairman
of that committee the day can be devoted to any
other purpose.
The SPEAKER. Except in the morning hour
on Monday unanimous consent can be given to
almost anything.
Mr. BROOKS. Then this bill can only come
in by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent. •
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to report from
the Committee of Waysand Means a.bill topro 
hibit certain sales of gold and foreign exchange.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent to
have printed for ihe use of the House double the
usual number of copies of the tax bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman from Vermont to increase that
number.
The SPEAKER. The resolution must go to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. MORRILL. If it is to be done at all, it
should be done at once while the type is still stand-
ing. 1 therefore move that double the usual num-
ber be printed for the use of the House.
The motion was referred, under the rules, to
the Committee on Printing.
TRANSPORTATION OF THE MAILS.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back, with ihe
lecommendation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No.
183) to secure the speedy transportation of the
mails.
The bill was rend. It requires all companies,
corporal ions, or persons, having and employ-
ing locomotives or cars for the transportation
of"merchandise or passengeis for hiie, upon or
along any post roau or postal route in the Uni-
ted States, upon demand by the Post Office De-
partment, to receive and transport the mails of
the United States, and postal agents in charge
theieof, upon such car or carriage, and to deliver
such mails, according to their destination, along
the line of such road or route, for a compensation
and upon contract terms to be agreed upon in writ-
ing by the Postmaster Geneial and such carrier;
and in case of their failure to agree thereupon, the
same shall be fixed and determined at an early
day, as a preferred case, by the Court of Claims
at Washington, whose certificate shall bind both
parties as a contract; piovided, such failure to
agree, or delay m final determination, shall not
prevent ihe use thereof for such transportation of
the mails; but the same may be taken and used
thoiefor, under direction of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, for which compensation shall be made as
thereinbefore provided; and any person or cor-
poration, by agent or otherwise, in any manner
obstructing such use shall, if a person, be held
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction
thereof shall, foi each offense, be punished by
a fine not exceeding $500, or by imprisonment
not exceeding six "mouths, or by both such fine
and impusonment at the discretion of the couit;
and if a corporation, it shall be fined for each of-
fense in a sum not exceeding $5,000; provided
further, that no railroad company shall be com-
pelled to carry the mails over its road for any
less rate of compensation than is now established
by law for the class to which it belongs; and in
case of disagreement between the paities as to its
proper classification, the same shall be determined
by the court.
Mr ALLEY. This bill provides that all rail-
roads shall be compelled to carry the mails over
their roads for such reasonable compensation as
is allowed by law. Most of the railroads of the
country cheerfully acquiesce in the demands of
the Department; but there are some small roads
that ha\e given some trouble. The bill is iccom-
mendetl by the Department, and is regaidedasof
some importance. I move the previous question
on the thud reading of the bill.
Mr. PRUYN. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to withdraw the previous question.
Mr. ALLEY. I will, if the gentleman will
promise to renew it.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman from Mas-
