THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
that this had been done,b.ttt he found no money
with which to pay it, and these books had been
received and distributed according to law and the
exigencies of the public service.
Before passing upon the appropriation, how-
ever, in the Committee on Finance, I thought I
would inquire into it. I could not see what use
was to be made of three hundred and ninety-five
qcW volumea of the tenth and eleventh volumes of
the Statutesat Large. I wentupthere and found
the facts tq be as I haye stated them; but instead
of the bopjts being distributed they were all there
at the Interior Department. When the cleric was
Called upon in reference to it he said we should
authorize, the, purchase of all that was necessary
to make up the sets; that is, the other nine volumes,
tyid about four hundred of each. It was a simple
trick of the clerk with Little <fc Brown, as J un-
derstand it, to get the Department to purchase
these odd volumes. They were sent there and
were not wanted, and could not be used. Mr.
tisher, on, examining the matter, was very glad
to have it explained m the Senate, have the books
sent back, and not pay the bill.
Mr.WILSON. Can the Senator tell us whether
that clerk is now retained in that office ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do. not know. I trust
he is not. But that is theexplanation I had of this
appropriation; and I am informed—and we may
as well talk out about these things, because the
Government oughtto understand them—that Mr.
Usher ascertained that this clerk had received a
very handsome present of a full set of the English
classics from Little & Brown for his kindness in
looking after the books.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 11 to strikeout section two, in the following
words:
S«c. 2. Jind be it futlher enacted, That the remainder
or unexpended balance of $;! 1,207 56, lor cugtaviug, elcc-
trotyping, and lithographing, be, and the same is hereby,
tiansferred to the miscellaneous item of the contingent
fund ot the House of Representative*.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance thought it best to strike that out and have
a specific appropriation made. On an explana-
tion received from the Cleik of the House of
Representatives 1 am satisfied that it is just as
well to transfer it. They want the money. It
enables them to close up an old account, and 1
therefore recommend that the Senate non-concur
in the amendment, and strike out that particular
section.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 11, section three, line five, to strike out the
words,41 the same as the present Assistant Secre-
tary of the Treasury," and to insert " $3,000 per
annum;" so that the clausc will read;
That the President shall uppnihL in the Trca?myl)epart-
ment, by anil with the advice and consent of the Senate,
on additional Awdntant Secretary of the Trea*uuy, whoue
salary shall be $3,000 per annum ; &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add the following as a new section:
Sac. —. rfiul be it further enacted, That in addition to
the clerical force now authorized hy law, the following
ulerku and employe^ aie hereby authorized in the hcveial
Department* and olftcerf hereinafter specified, to be em-
ployed and continue only during tbe rebellion and for one
year after its close, namely :
In the office of the Serjetary of the Treasury, one cleik
of class four, one of ela-fw Uuee, eight of class two, and
fourteen of class one.
In the construction branch of the Treasury, one super-
intending nieintect, one assistant architect, two eleik-; of
class four, four of class three, two of clasn one, and one
messenger at an annual salaiy of $600.
In the First Comptroller's office, five clerks ofcla^s four
and one cieitcol cla-s four subMiluted for one of cla^s one.
In the Second Comptrollers olliee, eight elfik*. of ejus*
four, eight ot class thiee, eight ol class, two, and fifteen of
class one.
In the First Auditor's office, two clerks of class four and
oue ot class two,
In the .Second Auditors office, two hundred and six
clerks of class one and one clerk at §000 per annum.
in the Third Vuditoi's. office, two eleiks ot ela-n fom,
two of clasM tlnee, five of class nvo, twenty-four of cia^s
one, and one messenger at a sal.uj o  $700 per annum, aad
two laborers at an annual talixiy of $GU0 each.
In the Fouith Auditor's office, five cleiks of cla-is four,
nine of clays tlnee, nine of class two, tlnrtv-five of cla**
one, and one laborer at an annual tuihiry ot $600,
In the Trea-suier'j. ofliee, four clerks of class four, two
of class three, seventeen of clnsi two, and six of class one.
Jn the liegtstei'x office, four clerks of cla*s foui, six of
eluss three, au of ehus two, eight of class one, and one
r at a salary of $700 per annum.
In the office of the Commissioner of Customs, one clerk
of class three, three of class two, and four of class one.
In the office of the Secretary of the Navy, two clerks of
class four.
In the offtcp of the Adjutant General, two clerks of class
four, eight ofciass three, nineteen of class two, and seventy-
four of class one.
In the office of the Quartermaster General, thirty clerks
of class tlnee, sixty of class two, seventy of class one, and
six laborers at an annual salary of §600 each.
In the Paymaster General's office, nine clerks of class
tlnee, twenty-six of cla^s two, seventy-five of class one,
three messengers at an annual salary of §840 each, and four
watchmen at an annual salary of $500 each.
In the Commissary General's office, ten clerka of class
two and thirty of class one.
fn the Suigeon General's office, two clerks of class four.
In the office of the Chief ot Oidnance, two clerksof class
four, seven of class three, eleven ot class two, seventy-four
of clafrs one, and nine laborers at an annual salary of $600
each.
in the office of the Chief Engineer, one clerk ofclass four
and one of class two.
And the several clerks and employes authorized by this
section shall bo appointed by the heads of the depautneiits
to which they are se vet ally attached, and the amount neces-
sary to pay their salaries from the tune of their appoint-
ment to the 30th ot June, 1864, is hereby apptopiiated there-
for; and the heads of said several departments are hereby
authorized to employ females instead of any of the cleiks
hereinbefore designated, at an annual compensation not
exceeding j$G00 per year, whenever in their opinion, the
same can be done consistently with the interests of the
public service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to propose an
amendment to that amendment. After line thirty-
two, on page 13,1 move to insert the following:
In the Fifth Auditor's office, one clerk of class (bur to
be substituted for ouc of class three.
The amend ment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have another amend-
ment to propose to that amendment. It is to in-
sert at the end of the section:
Provided, however, That the clerks hereby authorized in
the Tn^wiiy Department and its bureaus .shall not be m
addition to the tempoiary clerks now employed theieui,
under foimei appiopiiations lor that purpose, but bhaii in-
clude the same.
The amend men t to the amend men t was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following as a new section:
Sec. —•. Jlnd be it JurtUer*tnaital, That so much of the
act entitled "An act to piovide for the appointment of an
Assistant HegWter of the Tieasuiy Department and a So-
licitor loi the War Department, and toi other purpose*,"
approved Fclnuaiy iiO, 1W>3, a-; limits the office ol the As-
MMant Hegistei of the Tieasuiy to a term of one year is
heteby lepuaJed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment. On page 4,after line seventy, under the head
of" Interim Depai tment," to insert the following:
To supply deficiencies in the Depaitmcnt of Agriculture
for the i uni'iit jeai, as follow^ .
Foi the puu'liit-c of sotghum *eed, $2,000.
For rebuilding *hop in the pmpagating gaiden,$800.
For po^taye, j#L,3J0.
Foi eaipets, hnmlure, and eases foi fruit, $350.
Foi JueUtfUOO.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know of
the Senator how much that amounts to in the
whole ?
Mr. SHERMAN. About four thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
any pai t of tlmt amendment except the $2,000 fur
sorghum seed. I should like to have some ex-
planation of that.
Mr. SLIELIMAN. I will inform the Senator that
the Committee on Finance received a long com-
munication fiom the head of the Department of
Agriculture asking lor an appropriation of $12,470
to supply certain deficiencies. Most of the items,
much thelaiger items, were not strictly deficiencies;
they were now expenditutes which he proposed to
in em , and which we, on le flection, thought ought
not to be granted. Hut on inquiry i found that
I soighum seed had been purchased,and the Com-
! missumer of Agriculture justified himself on this
| ground, that by the eaily frosts of last fall the
i gieat body of this seed in the country was de-
] stroyed, and lie thought that it was his duty to
make a put chase to supply that deficiency; and
! on the whole, as the great body of the seed was
! destroyed, and this crop was becoming very val-
j uable jnd-eed, we thought it was peihaps proper
i that he should supply tue seed. It is true it is not
; the duty of the Government to keep the farmers
j of the country in sorghum seed, but as it could
! not be purchased in this country, and couid only
I be got by importation, I thought, on the whole,
the item was a reasonable and proper one, although,
the Commissioner asked for a much larger sum
than we propose to appropriate.
The other items are made necessary by a change
in the laws. For instance, there is the item of
postage. At the time of the passage of the last
appropriation bill he had the power to frank seeds,
&c. Now he must pay his postage, and it is there-
fore necessary to appropriate money for postage.
It seems, besides, that one of the buildings in the
propagating garden was burnt during the last sum-
mer, and it was necessary to repair or rebuild jt.
The other items are made necessary by the in-
creased price of fuel, and also by putting up in
one of the rooms of the Department some cases
for specimens of fruit from different parts of the
country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thegveat objection which
I have to this amendment is that the principle, the
precedent is a very bad one, m my judgment. In
the first place, 1 do not think it was the intention
of Congress, when it made appropriations for the
purchase of seeds, to do anything more than
make experiments by introducing seeds into the
country to ascertain whether the particular seed
was a desirable addition to the farming interest;
and if that fact was once ascertained the pur-
chase of the seed that might be necessary to carry
it on, the experiment beiryj made, was to be left
to the people themselves i whey chose to continue
the culture. This goes still further. Itgoesupon
the principle that after the Government has intro-
duced new seed from a distance and it has been
found to be available and beneficial, the Govern-
ment, if the seed should fail in any year, is to go
on and supply the farmers with that kind of seed.
In my apprehension nothing more was ever in-
tended than merely to try theexperimentin the first
place, and then to leave the people of the country
to purchase their own seeds, as they purchase
other things for their own use. That, I take it,
is as far as the Government ought ever to go. If
we are to be held responsible to keep on hand a
supply of every seed that is found to be valuable
it necessarily supposes agreat and continuing and
increasing burden upon the Treasury; and it
looks to me as if it would be very unwise and
very dangerous to establish such a precedent.
There is another consideration. Is this matter
to be left to the discretion of a Commissioner of
Agriculture? We appropriate a certain amount
of money and put it into the hands of the Commis-
sioner, or the head of the Department of Agricul-
ture, as he is called. Finding that his money is
failing, or that he has spent the amount which
Congress has chosen to appropriate, he says it is
his business to look out and see what the neces-
sities of the farmers of the country are with refer-
ence to fieeds and other things, and if in his judg-
ment they need more money, then he will spend
the money without consulting Congress, and
bring in a deficiency to Congress to pay the bill.
1 take this occasion to say that I think the com-
munication which was sent by the Commissioner
of Agriculture to the Committee on Finance upon
this subject, and which was afterwards passed
over to the Committee on Agriculture, is certainly
either one of two things: it is either the most im-
pertinent or the most stupid communication that
| ever read in my life, for itgoes on to lay down
these pnnciplos with absolute coolness: finding,
that there was a deficiency of money here and a
deficiency of money there, and he thinking it best,
considering the necessities of the country, to ap-
propriate it here and there, he, in the exercise of
his judgment, had spent this amount of money,
and he now calls on Congress to make it good,
and he insinuates that Congress made a very gross
mistake in nut giving him all he asked for last
year, because he says if they had he should not
probably be obliged to call for this deficiency, ai-
; though it is altogether for a new thing. [Laugh-
ter.]
Several Senators. Let us have the letter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
has it. I think it would be a very interesting doc-
ument as showing the views of the Commissioner
of Agriculture or the head of the Department—
1 do not know exactly what they call him—the
Secretary of the Department of Agriculture, on
the subject of appropriations.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to hear it.
! Mr. SHERMAN. I have the letter, and I send
h it to the desk to be read, As the honorable Sen-
