1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Oath of Office—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
corresponding with the Departments generally
neglected or evaded the payment of postage on
their correspondence, which was duly forwarded
to its destination with the unpaid postage charged
at double rates. Great numbers of communica-
tions not franked by the military or civii officers
writing them were similarly disposed of.
The tendency of this state of things was to re-
lieve persons from the necessity of paying post-
age on communications to the Executive Depart-
ments, and thereby to render the provision in
question inoperative. Hence it became necessary
to direct postmasters to forward all mail matter
for the Departments, which was not prepaid or
franked, to the dead letter office, where it is ex-
amined, and, when practicable, returned to the
writer for payment of the postage, or for his offi-
cial frank, as the case may require. This plan
involves considerable additional labor in the office,
but it has almost entirely stopped the practice of
evading or neglecting the payment of postage.
Large numbers of official letters, however, ad-
dressed to the several bureaus of the War and
Navy Departments, are still sent without any
frank by officers at remote stations, who, by rea-
son of their situation, have doubtless failed to re-
ceive information of the requirements of the new
law.
REVISED CODE OF LAWS.
In concluding this report, I would ask the con-
sideration by Congress of the revised code of the
„~laws relating to the Post Office Department, which
was submitted by me at its last session, and which
is for the most part but a digest of the existing
postal laws, the provisions of which would be but
slightly affected by the modifications therein sug-
gested.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, j>LAIJR.
Postmaster General.
The President.
OATH OF OFFICE.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. BAYARD,
OF DELAWARE,
In the Senate of the United States,
January 19, 1864.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution of Mr. Sumner:
Resolved, That the following be added to the lulesof the
Senate:
The oath or affirmation pre«.citbeil by aet of Congress
of July 2, 1862, to ho taken arid Mihs-oiibeil befme enleung
upon the duties of office, Mini! he taken and •'lib enhcd by
evprv rienatoi in open Senate before entei m* upon hi1- dn
tic?. It shall a!;-o lie. taken and Mib-ei ibed in the -aiiif way
by tne Secietary of the Semite; but thootherofiioci^of the.
Senate may take and Mtbaeribe it in the office of the Sec-
letaiy.
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Saulsbury, to strike outall after the word
" resolved," and insert the following:
That the Committee on the Judiciary be Wbtructed to in-
quire whether Senators and R<;pt<.^entauve% in Congic^s
are included within the provision4- of the act of Oon<(re^-:
entitled "An act to preset ibe an oath of office, and for other
pui poses," approved July 2, 1862, and whethei the said act
i* in aecoi dancn or in conflict with the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. BAYARD said:
Mr. President: The resolution nowbefore the
Senate was proposed by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] in March last,
and afterwards withdrawn. As 1 am the only
member of the Senate present at this session who
has not taken the oath, it is but a rational infer-
ence that the rule now proposed is intended to
operate personally upon me, although I was sworn
in at the special session and acted as a Senator
both on committees and in the Senate since my
reelection in March last for the term of six years,
ending on the 3d of March, 1869. In the objec-
tions, however, which 1 have to present to this
proposed rule, I shall consider it without reference
to any personal effect it may have upon my own
action.
The objectof the resolution is to enforce an act
of Congress entitled "Anact to prescribe an oath
of office, and for other purposes,"approved July
2,1862. Were i disposed to raise collateral ques-
tions, it might well be contended that if the rule
were adopted it would have no application to a ;
Senator who had been sworn in, taken his seat,
and acted as a member of the body. I shall raise
no such question; but I have the right to ask for
the judicial decision of the Senate, both as to the
constitutionality of the act and its correct con-
struction.
The adoption or rejection of this rule involves
two general questions. First, is the act on which
it professes to be founded repugnant to the Fed-
eral Constitution, or is it within the powers del-
egated to Congress? Second, is a member of the
Senate included by its provisions when construed
according to the language and meaning of the
Federal Constitution ? Before proceeding to the
discussion of these questions 1 must recur to the
history of this act in its progress through Con-
gress, and the subsequent action of the Senate after
its passage.
The bill originated in the House of Represent-
atives. When it came to the Senate, after its
passage in the House, it was referred, on the 5th
of June, 1862, to the Committeeon the Judiciary.
On the following Wednesday, the 11th of June,
it was reported back withoutamendment. It was
called up during the morning hour on the 13th of
Juno,and reported to the Senate withoutamend-
ment, and read a third time without debate. Then,
on a suggestion made by my colleague with refer-
ence to the office of President and the oath to be
administered to him, a debate arose; the yeas and
nays were called for and ordered; but the debate
was very short and the bill went over.
It was again called up by the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary on the 21st
of June, and he then moved to reconsider the third
reading of the bill, and proposed an amendment
which was intended to exclude from the operation
of the bili the President of the United States. The
amendment proposed was to insert these words:
•"For whom the foimof the oath of office is not pr«-
senbed by the Constitution."
All other persons holding office were to be
sworn. To that amendment the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] moved a fur-
ther amendment excepting the Vice President and
Senatois and Representatives in Congress. On
that amendment to the amendment a debate arose,
which was sustained by the honorable Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] against that pro-
posed amendment, and by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] and my colleague in
favor of it. I took no part in that debate nor in
any subsequent debate on the bill.
The following Monday, the 23d of June, it
come up as a special order, and was discussed
very briefly by the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Caiu.ile,] the honorable Senatorfrom
Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] and the honoiable
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] in favor of
his amendment, and by the honorable chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary [Mr. Trum-
bull] against it. The vote was taken on that
day, and the amendment adopted by a vote of 20
to 18. I was riot present, and did not vote, and
some other members of the Senate were also ab-
sent; but the vote wanted hut five votes of being
a majority of the whole Senate as it then stood.
Other amendments were then made, and the bill
passed. There was no division on any other
amendment which was adopted, and they wereall
of little moment. No other ground was taken in
support of the amendment proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky than that it was
repugnant to the Constitution of the United States
to include Senators and Representatives within
the tetms of the law, bccauseltdltered their qual-
ifications.
On the 25th of June the House disagreed to all
the amendments of the Senate, and asked a com-
mittee of conference, and on the 26th of June the
Senate insisted,and a committee ofconference was
appointed by the Chair, then filled by a President
pro tempore. From inadvertence no doubt—con-
trary to the usual course of parbamentmy pro-
ceedings—a majoi it y of the committee of the Sen-
ate weie selected of members who weie opposed
to the sense of the body, as evidenced in the vote
to which i have alluded, being also the only
vote on which a division took place, where the
amendment was adopted. The result was inevi-
table. The committee, after meeting the House
committee, reported that the House receded from
their disagreement to all the other amendments,
and that they modified the amendment which had
been adopted by the Senate—the only material
one—by excepting solely the President of the
United States. "VVhen that report came up in the
Senate, the question was simply on the accept-
ance of the report of the committee of confer-
ence; and on the 30th of June the report of the
committee was agreed to by the Senate. Every
one knows that under those circumstances no
decision is involved of any question connected
with the propriety of the law or its constitution-
ality, but the mere question of an assent to a re-
port of a committee of conference, which must be
assented to for the whole, or rejected for the 'whole
by, I think, a very unwise parliamentary practice
which has obtained in this body from its earliest
history. The vote then taken cannot be consid-
ered as overruling the direct decision made by a
majority of the Senate who voted m favor of the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky, that
the law was unconstitutional if it included mem-
bers of Congress.
At the next session of the Senate, commencing
in December, 1862, the same Senate remaining,
four Senators took their seats in this body under
elections held subsequent to the passage of that
law. They took the oath prescribed by the act
of 1790, and no other oath: none other was sug-
gested, none other was demanded by any member
of the Senate or by the body itself. They held their
seats during the terms for which they were elected,
and performed all the functions of Senators-under
the ordinary constitutional oath. At the special
session the new members and these who had been
reelected were all sworn in under the ordinary
constitutional oath, and after that the rule now
proposed by the Senatorfrom Massachusetts was
proposed, it was introduced on the 5th of March
and laid over; debated during the 6th alone; and
during that debate, by some sort of agreement,
the rule was withdrawn, and by voluntary action
Senators took the new oath, without any order
on the part of the Senate or any decision upon the
constitutionality of the law or its construction as
including members of Congress.
The fair inference from this statement of facts
—and that is the object with which it is made—
would seem to be that the majority who voted on
June 23,1862, for the amendment excepting mem-
bers of Congress, did so on the ground that if the
act included them it would be repugnant to the
Constitution, because no other ground m favor of
the amendment of the honorable Senator fiom
Kentucky was assigned than the constitutional
objection to the power of Congress to add to the
qualifications of a member by prescubing an oath
varying in substance from the oath required by the
Constitution. That such was the opinion of a
majority of the Senate may also be inferred from
the fact that the four Senators to whom I have
referred were suffered to assume the functions of
their office under elections made subsequent to the
passage of the law, and to hold their seats during
their terms without taking the oath prescribed
in the act of 1862, though it was as applicable
to them, if valid and constitutional, as it is now
to myself or to any other member of this body.
The objections to the law, therefore, cannot be
considered as trivial, but are of the giavest char-
acter, or such could not have been the action of
the Senate since its passage.
As by the Constitution the Senate is the proper
and only tribunal which can decide any question
relating to the election, returns, oi qualifications
of its members, the obligatory force of the act of
July, 1862, comes judicially before the body on
this resolution proposing to enforce that act bya
new rule. The first clause of the fifth section of
article one of the Constitution makes each House
the judge of all such questions. It gives no au-
thority to either House to prescribe new qualifi-
cations for its members; but it confers the judicial
authority to detoimine whether the member has
been eh cted and whether lie is duly qualified ac-
coidiug to the provisionsof the Constitution—no
more, no less. Therefore any question arising
under an act of Congress in relation to the elec-
