1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
ator from Maine has characterized it rather strong-
ly, I think it had better be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Department of Agriculture,
Washington, d. c., February 5,1864.
Sir: I have the honor to submit to you, with the reasons
theretor, a request for an appropriation to supply a defi-
ciency in the appropriation for the Department of Agri-
culture made March 3,1863, as follows:
i or the purchase ot additional seeds, soighum, wheat,
and vegetable, with exchange  $5,000
For ten thousand cocoons of ailanthus silkworm
iroin France  1000
For expenses in the propagating gaiden, and re- '
building shop burned last suinmei   800
For matenal lor report of 1863 by contributions, at
five dollars per page, five hundied pages  2,500
For additional postage required by change of postal
law, July 1,1863, in collecting agricultural and
meteorological statistics    1,320
For increased clerical expenses.     1,200
For carpets, furniture, and cases for fruits  3o0
For Increased expense of coal, &c  300
$12,470
The amount required for pioperly conducting the De-
partment of Agricultuie for the fiscal yeui ending Julv 1,
1864, was stated by me at $130,000. As however, the De-
partment lias only just completed its first year and was re-
garded in some respects as an experiment, the amount
asked was looked upon by the Senate as laigcr than was
necessary under the circumstances, and $90,000 only were
appropriated.
I have endeavored earnestly, by contracting in many re-
spects the operations of thy Department which I had wished
to enlarge, hy reducing the number of some clerks and em-
ployes, and keeping others at lower salaries than I ought,
and by the most rigid economy in everv btanch of the De-
partment, to keep the expenditure within that limit. [
have not been entirely successful, and am obliged to a^k
for afurthci appropriation of $12,470 to finish out the fiscal
year ending July 1,1864. This added to the amount origin-
ally appropiiufed will still be much short of my former le-
quest and of the amount voted by the Ilouse of Represent-
atives.
Some of the causes of this deficiency have been occa-
sioned by circumstances unexpected at that time and be-
yond my control; while others winch were anticipated
could not be restucted.
The destructive frosts of last autumn in a large part of
the West rendeied entirely worthless many important seeds
which I have been called upon to &up|i!y, chief ot which
is tiie sorghum, now becoming one of the most impoitant
crops of the country. In several of the large States the
seed was t>o geneiaily destroyed that I have felt obliged at
the urgent call ot the farmers to send abioad for a fresh
supply of pure seed.
An incieasing belief among the people in the feasibility
of piodueing an excellent aiucle of silk Horn the ailanthus
silkworm, and repeated inquiries for the moans of it* pro-
duction, have led me to ouler a large quantity of cocoons
Irom Fiance, where it has proved a perfect success.
The extensive failure of the corn crops, with other causes.,
lias created a great demand for new and different varieties
of wheat for both fall and spring sowing, which has been
met by importations fiom England, Russia, and the Modi-
torianean, and by puichasoa of improved varieties of Amoi-
ican growth.
The very great and increasing interest in the culture of
the gt ape, and the consequent demand for vines, has induced
a laige jnor *as.e in the expanses of the prop.igatingcarden.
I have also had to rebuild a workshop destioyed by lire last
summer.
The success of my first annual report,and the eagerness
•with which it is sought, has led me to incur a somewhat
larger expense in the collection of material and preparation
for the coming one. Tne change in the postal law taking
effect on the 1st of July la^t, under the d< oi-uid of the Post-
master General, has foiced upon nic quite a huge expend-
iture for postage in being obliged to send prepaid envelopes
to seveial thousand correspondents who furnish at homo
and abroad the statistics, agricultural, commercial, and
meteorological,from which the monthly reports have been
compiled. The vastness of the woik, loo, calls lor a large
clerical force to conduct it properly
The increased demand made upon me by the farmeis
from all parts of the countiy for everything within tliescopc
of the Department has exceeded my moit -.anguine expect-
ations, and ha<i in a measure compelled me to exceed by
a small amount the original apptopnaiions.
I have tile honor to be your moq obedient servant,
ISAAC NEWTON, Commissioner.
Hon. W. P. FESRFNnEN, Chairman Finance Cqjnmittce,
United States Senate*
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I agreed as a
member of the Committee on Agriculture that the
items nowpendingshouldbereportedasan amend-
ment to this bill. If I understand the remarks of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance he
agrees to all except one item amounting to $2,000,
to be expended in the purchase of soighum seed.
The chairman of the committee objects to that on
two grounds: the first is, that this seed having
once been introduced into the country it is not
the duty of this Government to supply deficiencies
hereafter. If the appropriation were intended to
supply the demands of the country for the seed
the objection would be well taken; but the amount
proposed by the committee is so very small as to
negative this idea. They propose it for the pur-
pose of reintroducing the seed, early frosts over
many of the States during the last autumn having
destroyed the seed and partially destroyed the
crop. Two thousand dollars is not.a very large
sum with which to procure pure seed from abroad
to reintroduce it into these States. It is not to be
sent to farmers in large quantities to enable them
to plant fields, but in small packages of one or
two ounces to enable them to again introduce it
on their farms and plantatiSns.
The other objection is, ifl understand the chair-
man of the committee, that no head of a Depart-
ment has a right to exceed an appropriation; and
this, I think, as a general rule, is well stated; but
the Senator will observe that the year has not yet
expired, nor has the period of the year occurred
when this expenditure need be made. It is only
a proposition from the head of this Department.
The crop need not be planted until the 1st of
May. There is ample time to make the expendi-
ture, if Congress should make an appropriation,
in time to aid the farmer. If Congress should dif-
fer from the head of the Department on this ques-
tion of course they will withhold the appropria-
tion; the purchase will not be made; and no work
will be done. I think the suggestion coming from
the head of the Department at this time is wise
and proper. He has not, as 1 understand it, ex-
ceeded the appropriation, but says that a few thou-
sand dollars more will be necessary to enable him
to carry out the ordinary purposes for which the
Department wasorganizca. ido not think, there-
fore, that the communication of the head of this
Department is justly subject to the Revere criti-
cism implied in the Senator's remarks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amount, to be sure,
is small; but the question is as to-the principle of
the thing. I laid it down as what 1 believe to be
a safe principle, and the only one which we ought
to act upon in this matter, that Congress ought
lo go no further (if so far as that) than to in-
troduce the seed in the first place, and try the ex-
periment to sec whether it would be successful.
We have agreed to that policy by our appropri-
ations for the simple reason that perhaps private
enterprise cannot afford to make these experi-
ments. After we have made them, and they are
successful, if there is then a failure of the crop let
private enterprise introduce the new seed wanted
in order to continue the crop, and not require
Congress, because it is a small sum, or because
it is for the benefit of the faimcrs, to appropriate
more money and keep on introducing seed after
the experiment has once been found to be success-
ful. It makes no difference in principle whether
it is to be sent out in large packages or in small
packages. The question is whether it should go
at all; whether, after having once settled the pro-
priety of the thing, Congress should be called
upon to make up to the farmers of the country
their necessities in'regard to continuing the crop
afterwards. If you establish that principle there
is no end to it; and now let me illustrate what is
done in its application to other things.
For the last six years, to say the least of it, we
have had the same kinds of small seeds, such as
cabbages and other vegetables, introduced from
Europe and distributed over the country, because
they were found* to be beneficial—the same kinds
of seed over and over again. What is the object of
introducing these seeds? It is to see whether we
can get improved varieties. The whole system
is wrong, in my judgment; but that is past; it has
been adopted. But when we have once estab-
lished the fact that those varieties are useful,and
the people become acquainted with them, let the
people send for them, if they want them afterward,
and not hold that the Government is to buy them
year after year and distribute them through the
Department of Agriculture all over the country.
Why should we pay for purchasing Winning-
stadt cabbage seed for six or seven years and send
it all over the country? One year will estab-
lish the fact whether it is a good variety or not,
and when that is done people will judge for them-
selves; but yet we have year after year precisely
the same kinds of seed, the same qualities and
the same descriptions, purchased by the Depart-
ment and sent throughout the land. I think the
principle is a bud one. We ought to confine our-
selves to simply trying the experiment in the first
instance, and if it is successful the people will get
their own seeds; and if unsuccessful they will not |
want those varieties; and there is no reason why \
we should go on buying them. I
As to the style of telecommunication whiehh®£.
been read, I read it entirely different from,, the
reading of my honorable friend from Iowa, [Mr.
Harlan.] if 1 have dope the Commissioner iri-
^ the 'style of his communication ;a$3
addressed to Congress, -and the principles he hap
laid down, I am yery sofry, aaa Isiiall he ready
to apologize to him; but really I can put no other
construction upon it than 'that,which' I. have al-
ready stated, that having an appropriation for .a
specific object he thought in his wisdom thaUeer-
tain other things for Avhich Qongfress had made
no appropriation should be done; and therefore
he ordered them to be done, and now sends the
bill to Congress for payment. Ifl have misjudged
him in that particular I shall be ready to retract
anything of that sort, but I certainly cannot mis-
take the tone of his letter in which .he says the
House of Representatives voted a certain sum of
money, the Senate ohose to cut it down so much,
and that was all that was agreed to; but experi-
ence has demonstrated that if his first recommend-
ation had been followed there would be no ne-
cessity of asking for this deficiency !
Mr. HARLAN. Ido not see that there is any-
thing very remarkable in this. It was a new De-
partment. The House of Representatives agreed
to appropriate for it $130,000 and the Senate cat
down the appropriation to $90,000. The Depart-
ment had been established, and the-fiumtfer of
clerks and the purview of the work of the office
indicated in the law. The House of Represent-
atives intended to make an appropriation to cover
the necessities of the Department. In the opinion
of the Senate a smaller sum would answer tho
ends of the law and the office. In practice -it
turns out during the year that the House of Rep-
resentativesand the Senate were both wrong, that
$130,000 were not necessary, and that $90,000
were not enough; that in the opinion of the head
of the Department one hundred and two or one
hundred and three thousand dollars would answer
the ends for which the office was created for the
current year. That is all there is in it, a differ-
ence of opinion between the t<vo branches of Con-
gress, alluded to by the head of the Department,
and an expression of his opinion that both erred,
one placing the sum a little too high and the
other a little too low; that experience shows a.
larger sum to be nccessary than the Senate thought
sufficient and a smaller sum than the other House
deemed sufficient.
I think it very probable that if the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fessenden] was at tho head of the
Department all the papers that emanated from
it would be of a higher style; but I suppose the
principal question to be settled by the Senate
is whether these items are necessary to carry on
the proper functions of the Department. In my
opinion this appropriation is necessary, is emi-
nently proper, and hence as a member of the
Committee on Agriculture I gave my concurrence
to the opinion of the chairman of that committee
that it should be recommended, and I am pre-
pared to vote for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the first item, which
appropriates $2,000 for the purchase of sorghum
seed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I feel very indifferent in.re-
gard to the fate of this appropriation, but I think
the Senator from Maine has done injustice to the
Commissioner of Agriculture. I think noone can
read his communication and come to the conclu-
sion that it was the intention of the Commissioner
to be disrespectful to the Senate, or to any one.
He goes on, probably notin the most formal and
diplomatic way, to ask for certain additional ap-
propriations. He says that he organized his De-
partment upon a certain basis, that he estimated
that it would require for the expenditures of the
present year $130,000. He says that the Senate
reduced the appropriation from that amount to
$90,000. Of that he does not complain; he says
nothing disrespectful to the Senate, but he says
that after this reduction he did make an earnest
effort to confine -the expenditure within the ap-
propriation. He states that in some cases he gave
less salaues than he might have given according1
to law, and he employed a less numberof persons-
He finally reduced his expenditures so that at the
end of the year, if he was allowed his own way,
his Department would not cost over $102,000.
The $12,000 which ho now asks for he has not
