1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1659
sachusctts yields the floor, he must yield it un-
conditionally.
Mr. ALLEY. I cannot yield it uncondition-
ally.
Mr. PRUYN. I wilt renew the previous ques-
tion if the gentleman from Massachusetts insists
upon it.
Mr. ALLEY. I withdraw the previous ques-
tion for the purpose of hearing what the gentle-
man has to say.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, this is the first
occasion that 1 have heard this bill read, and it
seems to me one of very great importance. It
contains some veiy sweeping and bioad provis-
ions. 1 think that members should have an op-
portunity of examining it to see whether it does
not need amendment. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to let it lie over for a week.
Mr. ALLEY. The bill was reported and
printed some time since and lecommitted ,
Mr. IIOLMAN. I object to the gentleman
from New York yielding the floor unless he yields
it unconditionally.
Mr. PRUYN. I yield to the gentleman fiom
Massachusetts on the same teimsthat he yielded
to me.
Mr. HOLMAN. That wa« unconditionally.
Mr. ALLEY". I did not yield unconditionally.
I stated that I yielded to the gentleman from New
York to hear what he had to say on the subject.
I understood him to wish to make an inquiry,
and I yielded for that puipose.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, I inquire whether
it is in order at this time to move to postpone the
consideration of tins bill tu a futuie day.
The SPEAKER. The Chtur is m doubt
whether it is, as the gentleman from Massachu-
setts yielded to the gentleman from New York on
the understanding that he would renew the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ALLEY. If the gentleman will allow me
I will say 
Mr. UOLMAX. I object, unless the gentle-
man from Ni'\v York yields unconditionally.
J\Ir. ALLEY. I believe I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
gentleman iiom New York has the floor with
the promise on ins part to demand the previous
question.
Mr. ALLEY. I did not understand those were
the terms on which 1 yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair undersrood so,
and now the gentleman from Indiana objects to
the gentleman from New York yielding the floor
unless he yields unconditionally.
Mr. ALLEY. I have no doubt the statement
made by tin* Chair is correct; hut in the eonfu-
":sion prevailing I did not understand the point
made by the gentleman from Indiana. I under-
stood that I was only yielding the floor to the
gentleman from New Yoik for the purpose of
making an inquiry in reference to this bill, as it
is a matter in which he takes much mteiest, and
notfoi the purpose of sun endei ing the floor alto-
gether, which 1 should not have done.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is upon Hie floor.
Mr. PRUYN. -I desire to ask the Speaker
now whether it is in order to move to postpone
this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York must decide that for himself. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts yielded the floor to the
gentleman from New Yoik upon condition that
after making remarks he should renew the demand
for the previous question, and the gentleman must
decide for himself whether under the circum-
stances he will move to postpone.
Mr. PRUYN. After the statement of the
Chair, I shall yield the floor to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, and if he will not himself make
the motion, or permit me to make the motion to
postpone, I will yield unconditionally. In fulfill-
ment of my promise, I now move the piovious
question, unless the gentleman from Massachu-
setts desires the floor.
Mr. ALLEY. Does the gentleman yield to
me unconditionally ?
Mr. PRUYN. I do.
Mr. ALLEY. Then I am now entitled to the
floor. 1 wish to state, in the first place, that the
Chair certainly mssundei,stood me in assigning the
floor to the gentleman fiom New York upon the
ground that I had yielded it unconditionally. I ;
certainly did not intend so to do, and gentlemen
around me state that they understood me to yield
simply for the purpose of allowing him to ask a
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
the case. Thegentleman from New York sought
the floor. The gentleman from Indiana raised
the question of order that the gentleman from
Massachusetts could not yield the floot to him.
The gentleman from Massachusetts stated that lie
would yield the floor unconditionally if the gen-
tleman from New York would renew the demand
for the previous question. The gentleman from
New York accepted the floor upon those terms.
After a little while the gentleman from Massachu-
setts stated that he understood that he had only
yielded the floor to allow the gentleman from
NewYork to make a statement or ask a question.
Mr. ALLEY. The point m the case is, that I
desiic to be entirely fair with the gentleman from
New York, but he has now yielded uncondition-
ally, and so now it is of no consequence.
I will say in regard to this bill that I am sure
it provides that the mails shall be carried on the
railroads upon such terms as arc now required by
law. I have found no gentleman connected with
railroads, with whom 1 have conversed in refer-
ence to this bill,'who has made any opposition to
it, and I think there can be no reasonable oppo*
| sition made. We require now all vessels for for-
; eign ports to carry the mails upon such terms as
the Postmaster General shall prescribe. They
are to u-"*eive the protection of the Government.
They Mtil under its flag, and this House, by an
almost unanimous vote, declared that such a pto-
vision was wise and just. That being the case,
they cannot certainly now object to placing the
railioads under the same rule.
As a question of practical importance it will
have but little effect. There are ve'ry few rail-
ioads m the country which make the slightest ob-
jection to it. There are some, however, where
there is no competition, that have given the Gov-
ernment some consideiable tiouble, and it is to
reach these mads, which the Department has not
been able to iea«"h in any other way, that this bill
is reported.
The Department desire the bill. The Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post R.oads are unani-
mously in favoi of it with peihaps a single ex-
ception, and 1 think there can be no reasonable
opposition made to it. In regai d to its postpone-
ment for future consideiation 1 will remaik that
it has already been printed and before the House
for several weeks. It was known some ten days
ago that action would be had upon it to-day,and
I cannot feel that further delay can propeily be
granted. I theiefore adhere to my original pur-
pose, and demand the previous question.*
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordeied to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
PRINTING OF TAX HILL.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
! Printing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thai two thou-aud i xtra cope-i- of the internal
revenuo bJl be printed loi the iw of tin: ilouie.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion toreconsideron the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTAL MONEY-ORDER. SYSTEM.
Mr. ALLEY. I am next directed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to report
a bill to which I think there will be no objection.
It has been passed by the House once already, and
defeated in the Senate for want of time. I report j
back House bill No. 185, to establish a postal 1
money-order system, and ask that it be now put
on its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. ALLEY. The bill explains itself, and I
do not propose to discuss it at this time. I will
only state that it has been reported from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads in ac-
coi dance with the recommendation of the Post-
master General in his annual report, and that it
has received the unanimous consent of the com-
mittee. The sy&tem has been adopted in other
countries, where it has proved eminently success-
ful. It will not only be a great accommodation
to the people but be the source of considerable
revenue. This money-order system has been pro.-
ductive of such results wherever it has been trie#
in England and other countries, that it furn,ishes
the strongest inducement for us at least to try the
experiment. It furnishes a.safe means of con-
veying to every section of the country remittances
of small amount foratriflmgconsideration, which
every peison must admit is a great desideratum.
A large amount is lost annually in small sums
by sending money through the mails. In most
instances these losses fall upon people of moder-
ate means, and this bill provides a complete rem-
edy for this growing evil.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. SHANNON. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me so that I may move an amendment
to the bill in the third section by which the max-
imum amount of a postal money order shall be
increased from thirty to one hundred dollars.
Mr. ALLEY. I cannot yield for that purpose.
I will state in reply to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia that the whole matter was carefully con-
sidered by«the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and they were unanimous that the
provision should stand as it is reported. I there-
fore must decline to yield for the amendment.
Mr. SHANNON. Let the charge be propor-
tionate to the sum, so that it will yield more rev-
enue. It would be a great accommodation to the
people of the Pacific coast.
Mr. ALLEY. I can well understand why
California should ask for such an amendment.
Mr. STROUSE. 1 am entirely in favor of this
bill, and 1 should like to say a few words in re-
gard to it.
Mr. ALLEY. I will yield to the gentleman
for five minutes.
Mr. ST ROUSE. Mr. Speaker, the amendment
suggested by the gentleman from California was
the one which 1 would agree to. I think that the
bill ought to be amended in that regard. The
maximum sum "permitted hy the bill to be sent
through the mails is thirty dollars. If the bill is
to pass in its present shape, therefore, I regard it
of no value practically whatever.
I admne, sir, the guarded manner in which the
measure is drawn. Ido notknow whotheauthor
is; but, whoever he is, lie has embodied all the
good provisions in the system as canied on in
continental Europe. I remember that some fif-
teen years ago the Government of the United
States deputed the late Selah R. Hobble, then con-
nected with the Post Office Department, as a com-
missioner for the purpose of conferring with the
superintendent of mails of the German confed-
eration. The postal money-order system has
been established in ail these countues. Notoniy
in Prussia, Bavaria, the free Hanseatic towns, but
in every principality of the confederation, as well
as in Austria. It has been so established for
many years. It has worked well and beneficially.
I have no objection to the minimum amount
being fixed af one dollar, but T do think that the
maximum ought to be increased beyond thirty
dollars. If the measure is not intended alone for
those who make small remittances, but for the
commercial community as well, 1 ask why the
maximum should not be made $100 at least? I
tmnk ltshould be $,500. Take the instance of sol-
diers at a post near a post office who have been
paid off. If they want to send fifty dollars under
the protection of the mails, they cannot do it un-
der this bill without making two remittances. If
the gentleman will turn his attention to the hooks
in the congressional library he will find that in
Europe, where >50,000 may be sent, the system
has worked wuii. There is no reason why this
sum should be so small here. It will not be an
accommodation to the people uf the Pacific coast
unless it be increased. Why not impose a lea-
sonable fee or lax ot whatever may be necessary
upon a reasonable amount? If it is a good bill as
it stands, what objection is there to increasing the
amount? It is a good bill in its scope and object,
and we ought to have had such a one long ago.
Money letters which are now sent are uncertain
of reaching their place of destination; and when
lost or mislaid or stolen—it makes no difference
winch—there is no redress, no reclamation, no
relief io the party who loses the money.
This is a good bill generally,and there ought to
