32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 19,
38th Cong. ... 1 st
Oath of Office—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
tion, return, or qualifications of amember,is sub-
ject to the judicial revision of the House of which
he is or claims to be a member, as fully as any
other question relating to the constitutionality of
a law and its corj^t construction would be so
subject Ivy the courts when a case presented it.
Nor is the argument in favor of the obligation of
the law because the Senate in its legislative ca-
pacity has sanctioned it of greater weight when
the question of its obligation and construction is
brought before them judicially than it would be
if the Senate were sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, or, in the Supreme Court of the United
States, if in a case before it the constitutional ob-
ligation and correct construction of an act of Con-
gress was involved. In either case the action is
judicial revision, which is essential in every free
government.
I proceed now, sir, to the discussion of the two
questions which I have previously stated are in-
volved in the decision of the resolution before the
Senate.
This act of July 2,1862, is repugnant to at least
three, 1 think four, provisions of the Federal Con-
stitution. It is invalid because it prescribes a
further qualification for a member of (jongress be-
fore entering upon the performance of his duties.
This was the question, and the only question, ar-
gued before the passage of the law, or noticed in
the debate. It will scarcely be denied at this day
that the Government of the United States, the
Federal Government, is one of enumerated orspe-
cially delegated powers, and that, though para-
mount in its sphere, it can exercise no powers
but those which have been delegated or such as
are necessary and proper to carry delegated pow-
ers into execution; that it stands in that respect
contradistinguished from the State governments,
which* though subordinate to the General Govern-
ment, within the limits of its delegated powers,
yet possess those indefinite powers of sovereignty
and legislation which vest in any government not
so organized as is the Federal Government under a
special delegation of authonty. This distinction,
however, between the two forms of government
is not essential to my argument on this branch of
the case.
The third clause of the thiid section of nrtic.lt
one of the Constitution prescribes the qualifica-
tions of a Senator—age, residence, and citizen-
ship: the age thirty years; residence at the time
of election in the State which elects him; atid citi-
zenship for nine years preceding the election.
The third clause of the sixth article requires that
Senators and Representatives shall be bound by
oath or affirmation to support the Constitution.
Does this provision admit any oath varying in
substance from the oath so icquiied? It has
been admitted, and indeed cannot well he denied,
that no outh other than that of which the form is
prescribed in the Constitution can" be imposed
upon the President of the United States; and upon
the same principle the substance of the oath
prescribed for Senators and Representatives, and
members of the State Legislatures, and all offices
oi the Stales as well as of the United States, must
be adhered to, though Congress may unquestion-
ably prescribe the form m which it is to be
administered. Variations of form are quite im-
material. The form adopted originally was pre-
scribed by the first act of the first Congress of the
United States, and will be found at page 23 of the
first volume of the Statutes at Large. I lefer to
H both for its simplicity and to show the views
which that body took of the authority they were
exercising, that it was merely the prescription of
the form of an oath required by the Constitution.
The first section is:
That the oath or affirmation required by the sixth ar
tide of the Oon&utuuou ot tin: United State* {.hall be ad
mimsieied in the form following, to wit: l3 A k>, do sol-
emnly swear or affirm (as the case may be) that I will
Mipport the Constitution of the United States.v
The power assumed in that act was merely to
prescribe tin: form of the oath required by the Con-
stitution, by legislation, and that power is not ques-
tioned. I can not doubt that as regards members of
Congress either House might have prescribed the
form by its own resolution; but fur the sake of
uniformity, as the oath is required by the Con-
stitution, of course it was wiser that a general pro-
vision should be made by legislation. Indeed, this
law recognizes the fact that either House would
have possessed that authority , because it provides
that tne oath shall be administered within three
days to every member, and also to the members
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives,
who had not taken a similar oath by virtue of a
resolution of the House.
But there was a question raised at that time as
to whether Congress had the powerand the duty
of prescribing the form of oath for members of a
State Legislature and officers of a State govern-
ment; and it was from the debate on that ques-
tion that very free extracts were made during the
special session, which I consider irrelevant to the'
present discussion. No one doubts now, no one
contends now, that Congress has not the power
to prescribe the form of the oath not only for Sen-
ators and Representatives, but for all officers of
the United States, and for officers of State govern-
ments and members of State Legislatures. The
objection to this oath is not that it varies the form
adopted in 1790, but the objection is that it m
substance varies from the oath required by the
Constitution; and " required "means14 authorized
by the Constitution." JNor would I make cap-
tious objections under any circumstances to any
form of oath which Congress might sec fit to pre-
scribe, though I might prefer the simpler form
adopted in the first instance. T^ut, Mr. President,
this law contains two oaths distinct in their na-
ture, distinct in their substance. 1 will read the
act for the purpose of comment hereafter:
" That hereafterevery person elected or appointed to any
ofliee of bonoi or profit under the Government ot the United
States, eithtn in the civil, military, or naval department-, of
(he public service, excepting the President ot the United
States, shall, before entering upon the duties of such ofliee,
ami befoie being entitled to any ot the salaiy oi other emol-
uments thoieof, take and subscribe the following oath or
I allitmaiion :
j u I, A tt,tIo solemnly sweat (oraflnm) thru I have never
; volnntaiilj, borne aims auainet the United Slates binee i
i have been" a citizen theieof; that I have voluntarily given
no aid, countenance, eounscl,oi eneoinagoment to ptnsons
engaged in aimed hos-uliiy thereto; that I h.ive neiihei
sought nor accepted noi attempted to exercise the functions
of any office whatever urnlci any authonty or pretended
authonty in hostility to the United States ; that I have not
yielded u voluntuiv r-uppott to any pretended government,
authonty, power, or constitution wuhin the United States
hostile ot mimical thereto.''
Then follows the form of the oath required by
the Constitution, varying from though riot im-
proving the form prescribed m the first instance:
" And I do further swear (or affirm) that, to the best of
my knowledge and ability, 1 will support and defend the
Constitution of the United .State*, against all enemies, for-
eign and domestic; that 1 will bear true faith amljalleci-
ance to the same; that I take this obligation treely, with-
out any mental resseivauon or purpose ot evasion ; andthat
1 will well and laithfully discharge the duties of the office
on which 1 am about to enter. So help me God."
To the latter oath which is contained in this
law I have no objections to make. 1 may and
do consider that it is awkwardly and inartilicially
drawn, with not a little of verbiage and surplus-
age, but in substance it includes nothing that is
not included m an oath to support the Constitu-
tion. An oath to support the Constitution and
an oath to bear true allegiance to the United States
and support the Constitution are substantially
the same; because a party sworn to support the
Constitution must violate his oath if he does not
bear true allegiance to his country. So, too, an
oath to perform his duties with fidelity and sup-
port the Constitution is equally but a variation
ni form. It is in substance an oath to support the
Constitution, because when the party accepts the
office and swears to support the Constitution the
obligation imposed upon him, both by the office
and the oath, is that he will perform his duties
with fidelity. So, too, the insertion of the words
that he shall support it "against foreign and do-
mestic enemies" is but a variation of form. If
he supports the Constitution of his country it
must be against any enemies, be they foreign or
domestic. It is also but a variation of form to re-
quire that the member shall swear that he takes
the oath " withoutmenUd reservation orcvasion."
According to arty code of morals with which lam
conversant no honest man could make o mental
reservation in takmgan oath; and, beyond all ques-
tion, a court of law would treat such a defense on
an indictment for perjury as merely fuvolous.
In all these respects I hold the second oath—for
it is a second oath prescribed in this law—as sim-
ply a variation in form from that prescribed in the
act of 1790; and though I prefer the simpler form
originally prescribed I should never have objected
to any form of the constitutional oath which Con-
gress saw fit to prescribe. The oath required by
the Constitution is a promissory oath, which but
adds the sanction of religion to the obligation of
duty imposed by the acceptance of the office or
trust; and such an oath, I may add, is both proper
and requisite in all Governments.
But the oath prescribed in the firstclause of the
act of 1862 varies in substance from that required
by the Constitution. It is no longer a question
of form; it is not a promissory oath relating to the
present and the future; but it is an expurgatory
test oath retrospective m its character, and cover-
ing the events of the affiant's past life. The Con-
stitution authorizes an oath appealing to the con-
science alone for the future performance of duty.
The oath embodied in the first portion of this
act of 1862 is retrospective as to his acts, and
makes it a necessary qualification that he shall
purge himself as to his past conduct under a
penalty.
Surely, Mr. President, if a variation in the form
of the oath prescribed for the President of the
United States cannot be made, the same principle
must equally, by necessary implication, exclude
any change in the substance of the oath prescribed
for members of Congress or of State Legislatures,
unless, indeed, you consider that the shadow has
more reality than the body of which it is but the
reflection. The evil lieie lies in the precedent
which will be made by sanctioning this law as
constitutional. If the power exists in Congress
to pass a law of this nature, to require an oath of
this character, an expurgatory test oath relating
to the offense of treason, then the power is with-
out limits as to any crime or offense whatever,and
Congress may require every member elected to
i purge himself by oath not only from some other
pai ticular offense but from all offenses of any kind
against the laws of the United States. Indeed,
the power is without limit, except the very slender
one that a religious test cannot be required. An
existing majority would have the authority, if this
power be vested in Congress, to exclude by the
oath which they prescribed every one who differed
from them in opinion as to any particular subject,
or any particular act of legislation, or even as to
any particular proclamation of the existing Ex-
ecutive. They might make the oath promissory
alone by requiring the party to swear that he
would support the particular law though he be-
lieved it unconstitutional and void; or to swear
that he would support the particular proclamation
of the President though he believed it an excess
of executive power; and thus a mere majority of
the Legislature might exclude all who differed in
opinion from them in referencetoanysubject what-
ever. Or they might go further, on the principle
of this law, if it be sound, and require that the
member elected should swear not only as to the
future, but as to the past that he had always sup-
ported either a particular act of Congress from
the time of its passage or a particular proclama-
tion of the Executive from the time of its promul-
gation.
Such a power existing in the legislature of a
representative republic would gradually but cer-
tainly, by one precedent following another—for
bad precedents are always followed—end in the
subveision of the form of government.
Sir, let me suggest one oath which might be re-
I; quired or prescribed by Congress if this precedent
'i is now sanctioned. No one doubts that intern-
i perance is a great evil, widespread and destruc-
j tive to the community at large. Very many hon-
i est and conscientious men have entertained the
| opinion that the only mode in which it can be re-
; strained and diminished is by penal legislation
operating both upon the sale and the consumption
of intoxicating liquors. The system of penal le-
gislation in reference to this vice has obtained in
some of the States of the Union, and has been the
subject of political controversy in several others.
Le? me suppose it should so happen (and it is cer-
tainly not beyond the bounds of probability) that
a majority of total abstinence men should become
