THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
"be no objection upon the part of the Post Office
"Committee or of members here to making this
'"bill more extensive in its character. I hope the
*House may take the same view of it that I do,
'.and rriake the amount res'pectab'le, such'as will
•^command the respect of the country and attract
:t1je attention of Governments abroad which we
-are?row imitating.'
Mr. ALLEY. I renew the demand for the
'^previous question.
: The previous question was seconded, and the
•main question ordered to fee put; and under the
Operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and.read a third time; and'betng engrossed,
"1% was according!y reajj the third time, and passed.
"-rMr. ALLEY moved- to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
* The latter motioti Was agreed' to;
ORiDEB OF BUSINESS.
' ■ The SPEAKER. The .Chair desires to state
that the 'bank bill was postponed until after the
•morning hour to-morrow. As the Chair has
-previously stated that it would probably not be
-reached for some time, there being two or three
special orders in advance of it, he desires now to
say that he ftas been infarraed that these special
■orders^ will be postponed. One of them is the
matter-of the -rebellious-States; another, the joint
resolution to amend the Constitution, which is a
^postponement; and the other, a bill in regard to
$)ublio buildings in the Territories.
Mr. DAWES. As the Speaker has made a
•Statement in deference to the bank bill, I wish to
state that to-morrow the Committee of Elections
wre inclined to call up the two contested-election
■cases from Virginia.
The SPEAKER. That is a privileged matter
 "whic-h will override all others.
^RREST OF A WITNESS.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I desire
to offer a resolution from the Committee on Pub-
lic Expenditures.
Mr. ALLEY. I rise to a point of order. I
understood that to-day, after the morning hour,
was assigned to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Rouds to make repoils.
The SPEAKER. That is so.
M,r. ALLJEY. 1 would then ask how other
business comes in?
TheSPEAICER. Because the gentleman from
Massachusetts did not rise and claim the floor.
Mr. ALLEY. My colleague on the commit-
teoJMr. Harding] rose instantly.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
ICmuucky is entitled to the floor.
Mi. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. Will
the gentleman yield to me a moment?
Mr. HARDING. 1 will.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, from the
Committee on Public Expenditures, by unani-
mous consent, introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whfireas Jolm H. Donahue, of New York city, has been
duly suiuimmed by leaving a certified copy ot the original
Kubpi-n.i ut file* ami u>unl place of abode, in the city of
Npvv Yoik, to appear and testify before the Committee on
Public Expenditures at their room, No. 74 Wall sueet, New
York ci j, relauve to certain charges relating to the New
York custom house ; ami wheioas tho said John Ii. Dona-
hue had uc-dcctcd to appeal before the said committee pur-
KU.mt to said Mimmons: Therefore,
Keso/'jcd, That tin; Speaker issue his warrant, directed
to the Sergcani at-Amw ol this House, commanding him,
the said Sergoant-at-Aims, to take into custody the body
of the said John II. Donahue wherever to be found, and tiie
«jw p Ibifhwtth to h.tv<> before tbo said House at the bar
thcreoj to answer as lor a contempt of the authouty of this
House.
ltELTEl? Jb'Olt J? 0 ST SI A ST IS ItS.
Mr. HARDING, from the Committee on the
Post Office find Post Roads, reported a biil for the
relief ol postmasters who have been robbed by
confedciute foiu-s or rebel guerrillas.
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask lor the first leading of
the bill in esctenso.
The bill was accordingly read.
The bill received its second reading, and was
then ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARDING moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed;and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND BUSINESS.
Mr. DRIGGfS. The House, a short time sinco,
agreed unanimously, writh the exception of one
member only, to appropriate to-morrow to the
businessof Che Committee on PublicLands. That
g&ntleman has since withdrawn his-objection, and
£ hope unanimous consent Will now be given.
The SPEAKER. * The probability is that to-
morrow will be used up by other business.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no abjection to the
business of the Committee on Public Lands com-
ing up after all other business is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] has given notice that he
will call up-two questions of privilege to-morrow,
and there is other business pending for to-mor-
row.
Mr. DRIGGS. Well, if I can do no better I
will accept the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] that the Commit-
tee on Public Lands shall have to-morrow after
other business is disposed of.
Mr. STEVENS.- I believe I cannot agree to
the making of any such special order.
, Mr. DRIGGS. The gentleman said just now
that he would not object; and 1 submit that the
objection comes too late.
.The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania stated that he would not object to the
business ofUhe Committee on Public Lands being
assigned for to-morrow after all other business
shall be disposed of; and the Chair thinks the
abjection now coraes too late.
' PRIZE CASES.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimo.us
consent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secictary of the Navy be requested
to communicate to this House the report of the Solicitor of
die Treasmiy upon certain complaints of improper practices
in the disposition of prize cases in New York.
MKSSAOJf FROM Til 13 SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
its Chief Clerk, infoi med the House that the Sen-
ate declined the further conference asked for by
the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill of the House (No. 15) to pro-
vide a temporary government for the Territory
of Montana on the terms offered in the resolution
of the House.
HOUSE OF INDUSTRY IN DISTRICT OIF COLUMBIA.
Mr. PATTERSON, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
a bill making an appropriation for a House of
Industry in the District of Columbia; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
APPEALS FROM LAND OFFICE DECISIONS.
Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced n bill re-
lating to appeals from the decisions of the Gen-
eral Land Office, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
And then, on motion of Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio,
(at half past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed.   
IN SENATE.
Saturday, Jipril 16, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a memorial of
the Indianapolis and Cincinnati Railroad Com-
pany, remonstrating against the extension of the
Goodyear patent for the manufacture of vulcan-
ized India rubber; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, piesented a memorial
of theTerre Haute and Richmond Railroad Com-
pany, a memorial of the La Fayette and Indian-
apolis Railroad Company, and a memorial of the
Union Railway Company, remonstrating against
the extension of the Goodyear patent for the man-
ufacture of vulcanized India rubber, which were
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Ofiice.
Mr. WADE presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature ofthc Suite of Ohio, in favor of provision
being made by Congress for the relief of the des-
titute people of East Tennessee; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POWELL presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade-pf Louisville, Kentucky, praying
for the improvement of the navigation of the Ohio
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred a memorial of George
H. Plant, praying to be refunded an amount
abated from his accounts for coal furnished to the
Washington navy-yard, under a contract in 1862,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation y and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of James R. Bay lis, pray-
ing for an appropriation for testing his invention
of an improved " cone propeller,'' asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed by a resolution of the Senate to inquire
into the expediency of providing bylaw forgrant-
ing honorable discharges to coal-heavers and fire-
men in the naval service, reported a bill (S. No.
236) to provide for granting an honorable dis-
charge to coal-heavers and firemen in the naval
service; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H. K. No. 51)
relative to the claim and letters patentof William
Wheeler Hubbell, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. The same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Mary Ann Sands,
praying for compensation for services rendered
by her brother, Joseph Gideon, as acting purser
of the United Slates storeship Frcdonia, have di-
rected me to make an adverse report, and also to
ask that the letter of the Secretary of the Navy to
the committee on that subject be printed.
The report was agreed to; and the letter was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALE. The same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of M. C. Marvin,com-
mander m the United Slates Navy, praying for
relief from the alleged injustice of the late advi-
sory board in withholding a recommendation for
his promotion, have instructed me to ask that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition, having reported a gen-
eral law for all those cases.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. The same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 144) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to establish and equalize the grade
of line officers of the United States Navy," ap-
proved July 16, 1865, have had the same under
consideration, and have directed mo to ask to be
discharged from its further consideration and that
the bill be indefinitely postponed, the Senate hav-
ing passed upon the same subjectin a House bill.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. The same coinmittec, to whom
was referred the memorial of John Christie, clerk
to the commandant of the navy-yard at Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire, praying that the ac 
counting officers of the Tieasury be authorized
to allow the payment of the sums that have been
appropriated for the pay of the dorks at the Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire, and Philadelphia navy-
yards, from October, 1857, to July, 1859,have in-
structed me to repot t a joint resolution (S. No. 44)
for the relief of clerks at the Kittery and Phila-
delphia navy-yards, and to ask that the memorial
be printed in place of a report. They make no
written report, but the memorial includes all the
facts, and they ask that it be printed.
The joint resolution was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the memorial was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
172) concerning the disposition of convicts in the
courts of the United Slates, for the subsisting of
peiaons confined in jails charged with violating
the laws of the United States, and for diminish-
ing the* expenses in lelation thereto, have in-
