THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
cept that manufactured from stems exclusively,
and these shorts; all that manufactured from the
leaf and stem together, all the smoking tobacco,
was in the thirty-five cent tax. We proposed to
take it out of that, because that would be too high
in the.judgment of the committee, to bring it
down to twenty-five cents, and make another
trade and put the low-priced smoking toba^o at
fteen cents; and in,the judgment of the commit-
tee that is the better way. The committee -of
.course are not tobacco, manufacturers; they must
rely on the information they get. I have see.n the
gentleman to whom the Senator refers several
times; and I ,h&ye also had long conversations
with and information from a, great many other
people, and the best conclusion that I can arrive
at is that whieh I have presented to the Senate,
and I hope the Senate will adopt my amendment
and leave the matter for further consideration be-
tween the two Houses. The effect of it is to.leave
the whole matter open.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have one remark to
make before the vote is taken. I pass ho opinion
upon the amount of tax that is levied upon man-
ufactured tobacco; but if a tax of thirty-five cents
is to be retained upon manufactured tobacco, this
proposition submitted by the Senator from New
Hampshire, of twenty-five cents upon smoking
tobacco manufactured with the stem in, is low
enough. I mean to say that if this is lowered the
strong probability is that much fiaud will be com-
mitted. It is a very wcii known fact that the very
finest article of tobacco is manufactured as smok-
ing tobacco. Frequently tobacco that has been
raised in this count!y the first year from the Cuba
seed is taken and cut up, the leaf and the stem
-together, and used by smokers; in fact the to-
bacco cannot be purchased for less than twenty-
five, thirty, or forty dollars now. It is used by
a great many smokers in preference to the Cuba
cigar.
The Senator from New Hampshire, instead of
following the House provision which taxes smok-
ing tobacco thirty-five cents, just the same as man-
ufactured tobacco, (and in reality just as valuable
tobacco is put up for .smoking purposes an for
chewing purposes, and indeed it is generally the
ease now that a supenor article is put up for smok-
ing purposes, and a great many persons use it
with pipes in preference to cigais,) instead of
laying the same tax on tobacco manufactured
cither for the purposes of smoking or chewing,
has reduced the tax on smoking tobacco manu-
factured with all the stem in from thirty-five to
twenty-five cents. 1 understand that foi smoking
purposes it is almost as good manufactured with
the stem in as it is without. He piovides thai if
manufactured with ail the stem in, the leaf not
having been stripped from the stem, it shall pay
a duty of twenty-five cents per pound. All I
have to say is that if the manufactujod tobacco
is taxed thirty-five cents this ought to be taxed,
1 think, twenty-five cents; in fact it ought to be
taxed on some qualities higher, but, inasmuch
as he lias put in fine-cut shorts line, peihaps
twenty-five cents is enough.
I agree with the Senator fiorn Michigan that
upon refuse tobacco called iine-rut shorts tweutv
five cents would be too high perhaps; but it'iK
tiQt the case with this smoking tobacco. A lame
quantity, in fact the larger quantity of the smok-
ing tobacco now is made of veiy superior tobacco
tut up with the stem in it, and especially of fine
tobacco grown from the Cuba seed the first year.
The second oi thud yeai I undeibtand it is pretty
much hke our tobacco that is grown in this* coun-
try; but for the first year the stem is very small
and it is a valuable tohaceo,
i think it would be well enough to retain the
proposition at least so far as smoking tobacco is
concerned; but the line-cut shorts might lie sep-
arated and the tax on them reduced to fifteen cents
as the Senator from Michigan suggests. 1 am
 otconversant with that refusetobacco called fine-
cut shorts, and it may be, as the Senator says,
much less valuable, but it would be very dangei-
ous tit separate smoking tobacco and reduce the
tax upon H, because huge quantities of' tobacco
will be cut up Willi the stem in, the finer article
now selling in the leaf probably for fifty cents
a pound,and will be branded "smoking tobacco,"
and the iufeuor tax will be levied upon it. '
1 puss no opinion now on the tax here proposed.
I simply state that if a tax of thirty-five cents be
retained on manufactured tobacco, and I under- I
stand that to be the intention of the committee on |
tobacco manufactured for chewing purposes, this 1
tax ought to be retained on smoking tobacco. i
Mr. CHANDLER. I think the Senator from :
Missouri is under a misapprehension in regaid i
to this matter. Chewing tobacco is not only cut, ;
hut manufactured; it is sweetened with licorice
and other ingredients, so as to prepare it for the
mouth. The smoking tobacco is cut dry. There
can be no misappiehension between smoking and
chewing tobacco. They are as unlike as it is
possible to have the same article made. The Sen- |
ator, I think, is under a misapprehension in an-
other respect, and that is that any considerable
quantity of this valuable tobacco is ever cut for
smoking. The amount is infinitessimally small;
and had the question been put to me 1 should
have said none at all was cut. Detroit is, I be-
lieve, tlve second or third city in the Union as to
the amount of manufactured tobacco, and I do
not believe a single pound of this valuable to-
bacco was ever cut there into smoking tobacco.
It js the low grades of tobacco, tobacco worth
to-day not to exceed five cents in the leaf, it is
the damaged tobacco, tobacco which having gone
through what is culled the process of sweating
has deteriorated instead of having improved; that
is the kind of tobacco which is used for smoking :
purposes; and I should say that thioughout the
whole United States there is not one pound of the
valuable tobacco cut where there is five hundred
pounds of the inferior giade cut.
I think the Senator is under a misapprehension.
He certainly is, so fai as my knowledge and ex-
perience go. I still think that a tax of twenty
cents a pound would yield a greater revenue, for
that is what I am after. Show me that fifty cents
will yield a greater revenue than fifteen, and i
will vote for fifty. I want what will yield the
largest amount of revenue to this Government, <
but 1 am hone.stand sincere in the conviction that '
an excise of twenty cents a pound will yield a ;
larger i ovenue than twenty-live cents, and I think
thai even a lower laic would yi< Id a huger icve-
nue.
The PRESIDING OVFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.      
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wf.unksday, June 1, 18G4.
The House met a? twelve o'clock, m Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. II. Chaknino.
The Journal of yesterday was rend and approved.
ENROLLED JOINT KESOLUXXON SIGNED.
Mr. POM EROY, from the Committee on En-
roiled Bills, repoiied that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled joint resolution
of the Senate No. 57, to amend the charter of the
city of Washington; when the Speaker signed the
same.
T1IK BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the legular order
of business.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular or-
der ot business, to call the committees for reports,
beginning with the select committee on a bank-
rupt law.
Mr. JENCKES, from the said select commit-
tee, icpoitod back, without amendment and with
the recommendation that it do pass, bill of the
House No. 4124, to establish a unifoirn system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States.
Mr. CRAVENS. That bill has never been
considered by the select committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Rhode
Island states that he repoits the bill fiom the se-
lect committee.
Mr. CRAVENS. I make the point of order
that the lull has never been considered by the
committee.
TheSPEATvER. The Chairovi rrulesthe point
of order. The gentleman fi om Rhode Island, who
is a member of the select committee, states that
he reports the bill from that committee. The Chair
has no means of ascertaining the deliberations of
the committee and is bound to receive the report.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, I take pleasure
in introducing into this House a subject for its
action which is entirely unconnected with polit-
ical or partisan questions, it relates solely and
entirely to the business and men ot business of
the nation. Its consideration at the present time
is demanded by every active business interest.
It is a subject winch we can discuss without ac-
rimony, and differ upon without anger. If a di-
vision is had upon it, the lines will not be those of
paity. It is a green spot amid the arid wastes of
party strife, unci one to which the fiery scourge
of civil war has not yet extended. H piesents
unusual claims upon us at the present time, when
all the business interests of the country are in a
state of constant agitation. The life of the nation
is in the prosperity and energy of its active men.
While they are encouiaged, and their rights and
interests protected by just legislation their efforts
will continue and the nation will endure.
Mr. Speaker, this measure is called for by the
direct language of the Constitution:
'• Comji'esi bliall have power to establish a uniform rule
of nafui.ilizuuoii, and u in loan l.tw.s on iUe subjeet of bauk-
mptoie-? thioughout the United States."
The Constitution also precludes the States from
legislating upon the subject, by depriving them
of the power of passing laws impairing the obli-
gation of contracts. The grant of the power im-
plies its exeicise as a duty. The power granted
m the first clause of the sentence has been exer-
cised since the early days of the Constitution,
uniformly, constantly, and the iaws enacted in
pursuance of it are still in force. The power
which is now invoked has been exercised inter-
mittently, at long intervals, to meet special emer-
gencies in the business of the country, and the
laws have been repealed before they have formed
even the basis of a system of legislation.
What is now proposed is to enact a law with a
different purpose from the ephemeral laws which
have preceded it, and which shall foim the basis
of a permanent and uniform system of legislation
and jurisprudence on the subject of bankruptcies
thioughout the country; that there shall be no
longer upon this subject one law in Maine and
another law in Wisconsin, a third in California
and a fourth m Kentucky, and so on through-
out all the States, but one law for all, which the
citizens of the United States, inhabiting each and
all the States, may acknowledge, live under, and
enjoy, and feel it to be as stable as the Constitution
upon which it stands. All that we can now pro-
pose is the basis of such a system. A nation hke
ouis can hardly find precedents, and must seek
out rules and make laws for itself. The experi-
ence of other States and nations must be caiefuily
explored, and their systems and the tendenciesof
their systems fairly studied, before their laws
and jurisprudence can be copied and adopted into
ours. The fact that all the attempts to frame a
system which should meet the requiiemen ts of the
Constitution have been failures, have made your
committee most careful in consideration of this
subject und to explore into and seek out the pi in -
ciplea upon which a permanent system should
rest. We have not sought to avoid the rocks
upon which other navigatois have been wrecked,
but rather to find and make them the basis of the
structure which we wish to rear. The principles
of the laws of trade and commerce are hke the
light-houses and beacons which guide the mariner
upon the seas, and these principles we ask to be
held up before ail who adventure upon the peril-
ous ocean of business.
It has been shown by actual count that more
than nine tenths of those who enter upon com-
mercial life fail duting their eatly career. How
beneficent, how wise, how necessary is it, there-
fore, to enact laws which shall be their guide from
such disaster or to save them fiom the ruin winch
it brings. Every commercial country has such
legislation. There is none ti at can be found with-
out laws upon this subject since the system of
bankiuptcy was introduced into the juiispi udeuce
of the Roman empire and made umveisai by the
Christian tmpcrors. No country of the Latin
iace ha« been without it. The Teutonic nations
have adopted it, and in England it has been the
law for nearly three centuries. The framers of
our Constitution deemed the passage of such a
law a matter of course. They foiesaw the great
field which American citizens would occupy m
the business of the world, and m the same clause
