1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1661
structed me to report it back to the Senate with
an amendment. I desire to say, in reference to
this bill, that as soon as it is printed I shall ask
for its consideration by the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom was referred a bill (S. No. 229) to regu-
late the mode of ascertaining the value of lands
or other ical estate that maybe taken for the use
of the United States, have directed me to report
it back adveisely, with a recommeudalion that it
do not pass.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the report lie on the
table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It goes on the Calendar.
We do notask action upon itat the present time.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
237) supplemental to an act to prevent frauds
upon the Treasury of the United States, ap-
proved February 2G, 1853; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
OREGON AND WASHINGTON LAND CLAIMS,
Mr. HARDING. There is a short bill on lile
relating to donation claims in Oregon and "Wash-
ington Territory which I should like to have
passed now. I therefore move to postpone all
prior orders and proceed to its consideration. It
will not take more than ten minutes, and it is im-
portant to pass it at the present time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask the honorable
Senator if he will not allow us to take the vote
on the bill which was up yesterday, on which we
are ready to vote. It will not take, i suppose,
moie than five minutes.
Mr. HARDING. This will go right through.
It will take but a moment.
The morion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 181) in reference to
donation claims in Oregon and Washington. It
provides that whenever it shall appear that two
donation settlers in the State of Oregon or Wash-
ington Territory shall hold their conterminous
improvements in such a manner as may require
a half quarter section to be divided into two equal
parts by a line due north and south, it shall be
lawful for the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to issue patents recognizing for each claim-
ant such subdivisions; this enactment to include
cases existing at the date of this act, where the
claim may be proved and established according
to law..
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with an amendment, m line six, after the word
44 line," to strike out^the woul " due," and after
the word " south" to insert the words " or cast
and west;" no ihat the clause will read:
That whenever it ^haii .ippijju that Hvo donation fcuUts
in the Slat" o{ Oregon or Territory shall hold
their conterminous improvements in such a manner may
require ;i half quarter .section to he divided into ivvo (U[ii,il
pails, by a hue north and j-outh, oi east and west, it shall
and may be lawiul, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time,
it was read the third time, and passed.
"WEST VIRGINIA JUDICIAL DISTRICT.
Mr. WILLEY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judicialy inquire
whether, by tlm creation of tire State of VVV.-tVienna,
any legislation, am! it' mj what, i^ made ucco-^aiy in r<jt-
erenee to tire '-judicial dMuct in Vnginui, vvei-t of tie*
Alleiihany mountain-,'' and al-o in nfeieuce to indicia!
proceeding in the said State or VVe-'t Virginia, since the
er<Mtion tht'iuol, arid thatthi; taui committee icpoit by biii
oi otheiwisc.
CUSTOMS' CERTIFICATES.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to offer a reso-
lution which 1 have had lying on my desk for
three days, waiting until n would be in order in
the Senate to presort it:
Rejoiced. That the Seuetary of tne Tieasury be re-
qu< -ted to niiohii the Semite what n^itlatioin he ha^mado
fo> t)ie hsuc ot eei !ili( ,ile- to lie in < ived in the payment
(i!eu toiu*, ciiid \v!ie11jei -ueii ccr tifieates rui; pan! for in
com oi paper moiiev, and it in the latter at what rate of
valm, and what amount of such cemtk'tUes have been
K&ueii.
I ask for the present consideration of the reso-
lution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather that resolu-
tion should he over for the present. I may not
object when I come to examine it.
_ 'Mr. HENDRICKS. Under the rule, does it
lie over if a single Senator objects?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) It does. *
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is a mere resolution
of inquiry. I want to know whether the laws of
the land are respected in regard to the customs*
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the resolution must lie over.
TREASURY BUILIXINO.
Mr. FOSTER. I offer the following; resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Commissloher of Public Buildings be
directed to report to the Senate whether it is intended by
those now engaged in the woik ot the Treasury extension
to take down any portion of the south front of that build-
Ins, which has aiieady been completed; and if so, what
is the object of naid change, and what amount of expose
will bemeuried in the pioject.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded to
consider the resolution.
M r. TRUMBULL. The Commissioner ofPub-
lic Buildings has nothing to do with the Treasury
building; and it is not customary, I believe, toad-
dress resolutions of inquiry to subordinate offi-
cers. Wc never address them to any one except to
the President or to a member of his Cabinet; and the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] who is
a little particularabout such matteis, hasobjccted
to our addressing them to anybody but theriesi-
dent himself. Certainly it is not customary to
make such inquiries of subordinate office!s. I
suggest to the Senator from Connecticut that he
change the direction of his resolution. I have
no objection to the inquiry, but it ought to be
addressed to the Secretary of the Treasury. The
Commissioner of Public Buildings has no charge
over the Treasury building.
Mr. FOSTER. I prefer forcertain reasons to
have this inquiry made of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings. I do not think there is any-
thing improper in it. Still, if Senators think that
it is better not to address a subordinate, I have no
objection to the resolution being changed in that
respect. I heard this morning to my astonish-
ment that there was a change intended m the south
front of the Treasury building, which, in my eye,
has been and is one of the most beautiful and at-
tractive of all our public buildings. I have been
informed that it is designed to take down a very
considerable portion of the front of that building
and to make some change.
Mr. GRIMES. For what purpose ?
Mr. FOSTER. As I undeistand, the purpose
is, m the fiist place, to increase the architectural
beauty and proportion of the building, and then
to make some additional room in the interior of
the building.
Mr. GRIMES. By taking the front out?
Mr. FOSTER. So 1 am infoimed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) Does the Chair undeistand the Sen-
ator from Connecticut to modify his resolution ttC'
Mr. FOSTER. I shall not modify it myself,
but if the Senator from Illinois thinks proper to
move such an amendment, I shall make no ob-
jection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Con-
necticut must be aware that the Commissioner of
Public Buildings has nothing to do with the Treas-
ury building, it is all under the charge and con-
trol of the Secretary of the Treasury, The Com-
missioner of Public Buildings knows no more
about it than the Senator from Connecticut or my-
self, and he has no authority over it by law. That
matter is entiieiy under-the contml of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and it would be manifestly
as improper to ask of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings information about the Treasury build-
ing as it would be to ask it of the marshal of the
District or the warden of the jati,
Mr. FOSTER. It seems to me that it would
be a strange thing if the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings could not ascertain what was in-
tended to be dune in icgatd to any of our public
buildings in Washington. It is possible that he
may not be charged with the duty; but it seems
to me that he can make tive inquify, and answer
the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We might direct Our
Secretary to do it as well as him.
Mr.FOSTER. It is certainly true,that we
might direct our Secretary to do it, am! I dot not
see that there would be any impropriety what-
ever in that; but it struck me that it was mani-
festly and obviously proper to address th§ Com-
missioner of Public Buildings. However* as
gentlemen seem to insist- upon changing the di-
rection of the resolution, I move to amend it by
striking out" Comrmssionerof Public Buildings"
and inserting "Secretary of the Treasury,"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Connecticut can modify his own resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to make that sug-
gestion to the Senator from Connecticut. Itseems
to me that if he perseveres m the resolution, in
regard to the expediency of which I have some
doubts, it should be addressed to the Secretary of
the Treasury.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion is so modiiied^by the Senator from Connec-
ticut.
Mr. SUMNER. SoT understand. Of course
what has been done there, and what is proposed
to be done there, isunderthe direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury,who cannot have proceeded
in such a matter without consultation with the
architect of the building. I'understand that the
object is mainly to secure additional accommoda-
tions, particularly for the Secretary hunself.
Mr. GRIMES. This is the first time I have
heard of this proposition to take out the front of
the building, and as the Senator from Massachu-
setts seems to be informed about it, I should like
to know what the proposition is.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not seen the plans, I
will say to the Senator; but I know it is not to
take out from the front but to add to it. It is to
fill up the court behind the columns. The Sena-
tor will remember that there are columns on the
south front.
Mr. GRIMES. In order to do that, I under-
stand the walls that now separate the office of
the Secretary of the Treasury from this rotunda
or open space have to be taken out.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not understand that. I
do not see that anything is to be done except to
add an outside wall; but then as I have not seen
the plan I cannot speak positively.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what
may be intended, but I am clearly ofopinion that
they have no right to spend money in that way
without the permission of Congress. That por-
tion of the building has been finished, and the ap-
propriations which have been made by Congress
have been made with reference to completing the
other wing entirely; and if they undertake any-
thing of the sort now suggested on anybody's
authority exccpt the authority of Congress, I hold
that it is a misuse of the public money.
Mr. ANTHONY. But I do not understand
that it requires any money. The columns that
are inside of that recess are to be taken out and
put in other parts of the building. That is the
plan, and those columns 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will sell for enough?
Mr. ANTHONY. Can be put hi another part
of the building.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see how it can
be done without costing something.
Mr. ANTHONY, it will not cost so much as
to put new columns in the other parts. If Con-
gress has appropriated a certain sum of immey,
part of it to be used in putting up new columns
m the other wing, and these columns can be
taken out and put there for half the money, it
will not need any appropriation. That is what
I mean; no appropriation will be needed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I adhere to my original
opinion that after the building has been comple-
ted, and is m possession of the Government as a
completed building, the idea of taking the money
which we have appropriated to finish other parts
of it and alter the completed part from time to
ttme is not allowable. In that wny there will
never be any end to it. Unless the architects go
oil with the wosk yet to be done we shall never
end it. I understand the idea has been started
that the old Capitol ought to be brought out so
as to be Hush with the new wings; and then I sup-
pose in the next place, the two wings will have to
