2638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
to assert that fraudulent bankruptcies will be as
few in this country as theyare in other countries,
under wiser and better commercial systems. In-
deed I believe much fewer; for I have a strong
belief in the wisdom and honesty of the American
people.
Under this system of voluntary bankruptcy and
of composition deeds, I believe that after a rea-
sonable time proceedings in involuntary bank-
ruptcy will be void, except in cases of attempted
fraud. But it will be perceived by reading sec-
tions forty to forty-seven that such proceedings
are provided for, and that they are complete and
thorough. They meet and obviate every objec-
tion which was raised to the bankrupt act of 1841
by its opponents, and which gave a partisan
character to that law.
This bill includes corporations. It has a com-
plete system of involuntary proceedings, and
provides for composition settlements, and is of
unquestionable constitutionality. These were the
grounds which gave the opposition to the law of
1841 a party character, and they no longer exist.
There is now no good reason why corporations
should not be included under a general bankrupt
law. They are subject to bankruptcies, and State
lawsmustbe enacted for their relief. Whyshould
these artificial persons have a privilege different
from natural persons? Whenever there is a per-
sonal liability for the debts of the corporation,
we may be sure the stockholders will not claim
such privileges either for the corporation or for
themselves.
This bill is also self-sustaining, and may be-
come a source of revenue.
It may be objected to this bill that it is retro-
active or retrospective. I maintain that it is not
retroactive or even retrospective. It is applicable
to the business of the country as it is, and to the
men of business in their presentactual condition.
With regard to proceedings in involuntary
bankruptcy, there can be noquestion. No person
Can be proceeded against except for causes hap-
pening or continuing after the approval of this
bill. Acts of bankruptcy are facts, and such facts
or events happening after tins bill .shall become a
law, can alone become the basis of involuntary
proceedings. These facts must be proved,as re-
quired in the bill, before any warrant can issue
for the seizure of the bankrupt's effects. But with
regard to voluntary proceedings the filing of the
petition is declared to be an act of bankruptcy.
Before the petitioner can entitle himself to a dis-
charge, he must biing himself by competent evi-
dence within the provisions of the bill. His debts
have accrued. His property may have been ap-
plied honestly under State laws to the payment
of his debts. He may now have no assets. I-Ie
may be indebted to the assistance of his friends
for the means of applying for the benefit of the
law. The debts which he has long owed without
means of payment may be discharged in these
proceedings.
But in what sense is this bill retroactive or
even retrospective upon such obligations ? The
bill applies to the present fact. A person in the
position described could not beproceeded against
under this bill, because he is not capable of com-
mitting an act of bankruptcy. He has not been
capable of doing so since he parted with or was
deprived of his property. The only mode in
which he can commit an actof bankruptcy under
this bill is to file his petition for relief. That pe-
tition applies to his present condition. He thereby
becomes a bankrupt, subject to the provisions of
this bill, and mustin all respects comply with its
provisions before he can receive his discharge, if
a bankrupt law like this had been passed lmmo-
diately upon the adoption of the Constitution it
would have operated upon the then state of busi-
ness m the country, and would have been retroact-
ive ana retrospective in every case of voluntary
application in the same manneras proposed in the
present bill Every case of voluntary or invol-
untary application hereafter for manv years must
operate upon debts incurred before the passage of
this bill. ^
Such proceedings m no sense impair the obli-
gation oi contracts. No contiact has been en-
teted mto .since the adoption of the Constitution
which has not been subject to be discharged by
the opuMtiun of a bankrupt law which Congress
might pus* at any time. °
Why should this state of tilings continue? Of
what advantage can it be to creditors or to the
country that so many tens of thousands of the act-
ive men of this country should be held in thrall-
dom ? They bear upon their limbs no visible
chains; they have no masters who will yield them
food for their toil, yet they are in the power of
those who may sweep off their earnings at any
time, and in some States may incarcerate their
persons in prison.
Although this actual imprisonment of the per-
son has been abolished, except for temporary pur-
poses, in most of the States, yet in all there still
exists that life-long incarceration, more terrible
to the honest and sensitive mind than the other, in
the chain network of insoluble debt. For crimes
the term of imprisonment is limited by law, the
bolts of the jail or the penitentiary are driven and
unloosed, and the penalty is paid. But for debt
there is no release m life. The Roman law of the
twelve tables, de colore debitorisinpartessecundo,
by which the relentless creditor could obtain a
dividend of ius debtor's body, if notof Iws effects,
passed away with that code.
The law fornlerlyin force by which the creditor
could keep his debtor in prison for an indefinite
period, without relief, has been abolished in all
Christian countries. But there may be a punish-
mentof death without the knife, and an imprison-
ment without the bolts and bars of the jail. When
in this country one enters the gates of hopeless
insolvency, ail his life must be passed within
the imprisonment of mercantile dishonor, the
pain of uncanceled obligations, the surveillance
of creditors, and there is no lelease except by
death. Who enters here may thereafter write
over such habitation as he may have during the
remnant of his life, the motto that the poet found
inscribed over the gates of hell:
u Who enters here abandons hope."
To him—
" Hope comcth not that como* to all.''
Whatever may be his talents, whatever hi«
skill, the result of long business experience, what-
ever his opportunity, so long as creditors stand
unwilling to release him, his life is one continu-
ous thraildom, without the powerof relief by his
own exertions, and beyond the aid of his friends.
Why should this be, and for what good? To
what end? Do the public gain by it* Do the
creditors? No one can answer in the affirmative.
How many thousands and tens of thousands
now stand waiting the action of this Congress for
the relief which is due to them ! Never was there
an occasion when the passage of a law like that
now reported was so necessary, nor the demand
for it so urgent. Thousands were wrecked in the
panic of 1857 who have never yet regained a firm
foothold in any business. Thousands more were
stranded in the repudiation of southern debtors
in 1860, ruined beyond retrievement. Many of
these were old men, who saw large fortunes swept
away from beneath their feet, and found them-
selves amid the quicksands of hopeless insolvency
ere they could make a trial-balance of their books.
Many of these we know, aged men, and see veri-
fied in them the description of the capiices of
fortune:
" It is still her use
To l* t tho wretchud man outlive his wealth,
To view with hollow eye and wrinkled front
An ago of poveity."
And many of more vigorous years, the young
members of ancient houses, are borne down by a
weight of debt beyond their strength, condemned
throughout their lives to eat the bitter bread of !
penury, and, unless we intervene, without hope, j
What to them are the guarantees of the ConsU- I
tution* Why should thpy love the Government !
and yield it a hearty allegiance? Many, indeed, |
have gone forth to the war for its support, to lay i
their bones upon battle-fields, or to return to a I
life-long servitude and degradation. The fault is
here and not with them or with the Constitution
if they owe it slack allegiance. Upon this sub-
ject the Constitution is as it should be. Thank ;
God, it needs no amendment to declare this eman- :
cipation. It rest*? with Congress alone to say !
whether more than a hundred thousand of the '
most intelligent, most active, and most patriotic !
men of the country should have the opportunity !
of liberating themselves from their bondage of!
debt, and walk free in the exercise of those rights 1
which the immortal Declaration declares inalien-
able.
The power to make this declaration of freedom
stands written upon the face of the Constitution.
With the cry of these hundred'thousand in our
ears, and of the thousands more dependent upon
them for subsistence; with the present state of
the nation before us, in which no one is so blind
as not to see that when the ebb-tide of this facti-
tious paper money prosperity comes, as come it
must, the shores of the great seas of trade will
be strewn with more wrecks than ever yet were
seen in any panic or revulsion, does it not be-
come the duty of this Congress to acknowledge
its constitutional obligation, and exercise its
power to remedy and anticipate these evils? How
can we be excused for the non-performance of this
plain duty?
Let no one say in excuse that the portion of the
country he represents is agricultural and not com-
mercial. Every section of the country is com-
mercial. Do not the agricultural districts sell
their surplus products? Do they not buy then-
needed supplies from the seaboaid? Is not this
commerce? All parts of this country, not now
in arms against the constitutional Government,
are soconnectcd, interlaced, and interwoven with
each other, that the prosperity of one part is the
prosperity of all, and the neglect or injury of one
part is to the injury of all.
Let us, then, by this beneficial measure unite
in placing all upon ajust equality, and, by the per-
formance of the constitutional obligation, bind all
sections more firmly together, make greater uni-
formity in these laws, and add to the resources
of the country the labor and skill of thousands
who now stand waiting in grief and without hope
except from us, and take away from the hundreds
of thousands who are now engaged in active busi-
ness the fear that by the chances of war, the re-
vulsions of business, or the senseless panics among
speculators, they may become no longer of use
to themselves or of service to their country. Let
it be the honor of this Congress to lay aside for
a day its party strife and fierce contentions, and,
meeting on a common ground of mercy to the un-
fortunate and justice to the active business men
of the nation, pass with unanimity a measure so
fraught with beneficence to all, and for which
they will receive the blessings of thousands. It
is a measure of unquestionable good; it is de-
manded by the people; and it is authorized and
required by the Constitution. Let it then be-
come a law.
INSPECTORS OF STEAMBOATS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. 1 desire to make a report
from the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on bill of the House
No. 426, to create an additional supervising in-
spector of steamboats and two local inspectors of
steamboats for the collection district of Memphis,
Tennessee, and two local inspectors for the col-
lection district of Oregon, and for other purposes.
The SPEAKER. Did this House or the Sen-
ate ask for the committee of conference?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This House.
The SPEAKER. Has the Senate acted upon
the report of the committee of conference?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It has not.
The SPEAKER. According to the Digest, the
House asking the conference leaves the papers
with the other House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I supposed
that the House asking the conference had the
papers. I am not clear as to the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read from
the Digest.
The Clerk read as follows:
"In all cases of conference a^ked after a vote of disagiee-
m^ntj &c j the conferees of the House asking itaieto leave
the papers with the confeioes of the other."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the leport.
MILITARY ROAD IN MISSOURI.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, in trod uced
a joint Resolution authorizing the President to
construct a military road from Rolla, Missouri,
to Springfield, Missouri; which was read a fast
and second time by its title, and inferred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
SEWERAGE AND DRAINAGE IN "WASHINGTON.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution us to sewer-
