1662
TH1: (TOAGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
be brought out, because a-perfectly even front
would not present a good building, and so .they
will be going on until they fill up the yard.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Could we not sell these
pillars for enough to do it? - . * ,
Mr. FESSENPEN. I do not know but that
_we could, according to the idea of the Senator
"from Rhode Island. 1 hope the inquiry will be
made. I think Congress ought to know what is
to be done with the public buildings-.
The resolution was agreed to.
LAND GRANT.TO WISCONSIN RAILROADS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I* move that the Senate
postpone all prior, orders, and take up Senate bill
m. 160.
The -motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
iii Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 160) to grant aid for
the construction of certain railroads in Wiscon-
sin; -the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Hendricks toainerid theamendment
reported from the Committee on Public Lands,
in scciion three, line four, by inserting after the
word " Bayfield" the words " and thence to Su-
perior;'' so that it will read:
That there be, and is hereby, granted to the State of
Wisconsin, tor the purpose of aiding in the construction ot
a lailroad fioui lieihn,oii the Fox river, in a nouhvve&tern
direction, to Bayfield, and thence to Superior, on Lake Su-
perior, every alternate section ot land. Sic.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When this amendment
was before the Senate yesterday an inquiry w,&s
made in relation to it, and as the bill was then be-
fore the Senate with the understanding that it
should give way to the gold bill, if a discussion
should aiise, I at once consented to its postpone-
ment. I am now prepared to state to the Senate
precisely the effect of this amendment. I have a
map lying on my table before me which will show
at a glance precisely what it is.
This grant of land from Berlin on the Fox river
in the State of Wisconsin and thence to Bayfield
"goes through the central region of the State of
Wisconsin. It 13 a woody region of country,
very sparsely populated,a lumbei nig region. The :
.map shows that it is almost ihiough the heart of
the State of Wisconsin, and a hundred miles and
more on each side from any other grant of land.
The pending question is, whether, after it reaches
the town of Bayfield, it shall be permitted to be
extended from Bayfield to Superior.
The reasons for its extension to Superior are
that in all human probability when the northern
Pacific railroad shall be built, reaching from Lake
Superior through Minnesota west to tbe Pacific
ocean, it will start from Superior, which is m fact
the west end of the lake, and which many pei-
sons believe will become the Chicago of Lake
Superior when that country shall be developed
and settled. The country is a rocky, timbered,
and mineral country. The Senator from Indiana
proposes also to amend the bill in connection with
this amendment so as to leserve the mineial lands
upon the route, and not allow them to be taken
by the railroad company. The region of coun-
try there is regarded as valuable mainly for its
mineial lands. There are huge quantities of non
mineral lands, and there are some copper mines
in that neighborhood. The distance from Bay-
field to Superior is from sixty to eighty miles; I
cannot tell the distance precisely. Bylookingat
the map it will be seen that Superior lies in a di-
rection a little northwest from Bayfield, actoss a
peninsula from Bayfield to Superior. There aie
advantages m both these towns. Superior lies the
farthest west, and reaches the faitliest into the
country. Bayfield probably has the best harbor,
for the reason that it is pioteoted by islands.
When they have northeastern storms in the
spring of the year diivmg ice more or less into
the west end of the lake, vessels may lie some-
what obstructed in their approach to the haibor
of Superior, while at Bayfield there will always
be a safe harbor, for it is in deep water and in the
rear of islands.
Mr. Speaker, I have thus briefly-stated the situ-
ation of fhateountiy. It explains, itself upon the
map at once. I hope the amendment will meet
the sanction of the Senate.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
if this company is to be at liberty to take the
mineial lands on each side of the line of the rail-
road ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am going to move an
amendment to ptevent that.
Theamendment to theamendment was agreed to*
Mr. HENDRICKS. Inadvertently^ in' draft-
ing the substitute an important provision was
omitted. I move to amend the sixth section of the
amendment by inserting after the word " what-
soever,' ' in the fourth line, the words " and all
mineral lands;" so ttiat it will read1:
That any and ail landd reserved to the United States by
any act of'Congress for the purpose of aiding iu any object
(•{•internal improvement^ in any manner for any puipose
whatsoever, and all mineial lands, be, and the same arc
hereby, reserved and excluded from the opciatiou of this
act, &c.
The amendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the committee, as amended,
was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed; and
its title was amended so as to read: "A bill grant-
ing lands to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in the State of Wisconsin."
MASSACRE AT ¥0KX PILLOW.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg leave to offer a reso-
lution, and I ask for its present consideration:
RcsolocJy That the joint committee on the conduct of the
war be, and they aie hereby, ins>tiueted to inquire into the
truth of the rumored slaughter of the Union troop- after
their surrender at the lecent attack ot the rebel forces upon
Fort Pillow, Tonue.vee, and that tor tins purpose they, or
fcueh ot their lium'jci as they shall depute, icpuir to the
neighborhood ; and that they report the facts to Congtesb
as soon as possible.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the consideration of the resolution ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have a decided objec-
tion to the last part of that lesolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator object to its pi esent < onsidetatiun ?
Mi. 'FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it must
lie ovei, under the \ ule.
Mr HOWARD. I beg to say that it is very
desirable t hat Congu ss should ascci tain the truth
of the tumors alluded to in the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator that the resolution be-
ing objected to, it cannot be before the Senate un-
less the objection be withduiwn.
Mi. HOWARD. I tiust the Senator from
Maine will withduuw the objection and let the les-
olution pass. 1 suppose hi-* objection is that it
will involve some little expense. I think it would
be well to pay a small sum for the purpose of get-
ting at the facts of this case, which is a most ex-
traoidiuaiy one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senate desire it
particuiaiiy, J will witlidiavvmy objection to its
present consideration, but I am utterly opposed
to the passage of the resolution,*noton theground
of expense.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The objection
being withdrawn, the resolution is now before the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not object to it
on the ground of expense, butl think that unless
m cases of extreme urgency and necessity, it is
haidiy worth while for members of Congioss to
leave their places m Congress to go traveling about
the country on these expeditions to take testimony
or toi any other object. I think that this place
is the sphere, and the appiopimie spheie, of oui
duties; and moi e especially do 1 object to it at the
present time when the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives are coming to a point where the busi-
ness of both blanches is exceedingly urgent, and
requires the wisdom of all the members of both
branches in order to complete it. And morctnan
that, sir, expeiience has shown how very diffi-
cult it is—I am very sorry to say it—to keep a
quorum of this body. We are obliged to adjourn
frequently because there is not a quorum present,
and it delays business very much. I cannot help
it. I take no fault to myself with regard to the
matter, for I am present ordinarily when I am not
sick and am able to be heie. 1 do not see that
this is so urgent a case as should call members of
the Senate from their places in the Senate, legis-
lating for their country, to go and inquire into a
transaction of this kind. The War Department
can make all the inquiries that are necessary to
be made. It is the duty of the War Department
to make these inquiries, and I cannot conceive
any special good that is to aiise from sending off
committees of this or the other body, or any mem-
bers of committees to make inquiries of this de-
scription—I hope the Senate will not consent to it.
Mr. WILSON. I called this morning at the
War Department to make some inquiries in re-
gard to this affair that has shocked the country,
and I was told by the Secretary of War that he
had a dispatch from General Sherman to the
effect that about three hundred of our soldiers
had been massacred after they had surrendered.
There is no doubt that there has been a butchery
there. The Secretary of War said he intended
immediately to make a thorough investigation
into the whole affair and to send persons there for
that special purpose. He said he supposed Gen-
eral Sherman's information, as he was not on'the
spot, was like the information had from the pub-
lic press of the country, or might be from the
same sources. How authoritative the informa-
tion is he could not state, but at any rate he in-
tended to make an immediate investigation, and
to appoint officers to thoroughly investigate and
examine the whole affair.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to consume
the time of the Senate in discussing the resolu-
tion. I am free to say, however, that my object
in offering it is to ascertain the exact truth of the
case so far as it is practicable for us to do so; and
for that reason it is that I have thought it best'that
a portion of the committee on the conduct of the
war should repair .to the neighborhood for th?
purpose of examining living witnesses who have
seen and who can testify to the exact facts of the
case, in order that neither Congress nor the coun-
try may be misled or deceived as to the truth,
and for the further purpose of basing sonleact of
legislation upon the report which shall come in,
provided it shall turn out that the facts shall be as
sad as' seem to be represented, in oidcr that our
officers in the field may be compelled by act of
Congress to lesort to the usual remedy author-
ized by the laws and usages of war in such cases.
If it be a fact that our soldiers fighting our bat-
tles, wearing our unifoim, and honestly surren-
dering themselves prisoners of war into the hands
of the enemy, have been delibeiately and coolly
butchered by that enemy after the surrender, it is
a disgrace to the nation not to avenge the wrong,
no matter what may be the color of the man who
wears the Union uniform. It is impossible in
my judgment for us to letain in our service black
tioops unless we not only promise but perform
the duty of protection to them as much as to
white tioops. We shall find in the end, 1 appre-
hend, that unless we protect these men they will
desert us and run away fiorrt the field of battle at
the most critical moment of some impoitant en-
gagement, and that this fault perhaps will be fol-
lowed by the loss of a battle. And, sir, in my
niind it concerns the national honor that we should
use the national strength and the national spirit
to protect the soldiers who are fighting our bat-
tles; otheiwise we cannot hold up our heads like
men in the presence of nations; we shall become
the scoff and the sneer of foreign Governments.
Without this piottction we know very well what
will be the fate of the black tioops whom we call
into our service. It has all alon<* been the prac-
tice, we are informed, and we have reason to sup-
pose that it will continue to be the practice of the
rebels whenever they make piisoners of black
hoops in our service, to put them to death in cold
blood or to sell them into slavery; and they do it
in such a manner as to conceal the facts, as far as
is possible, from our authorities. I think !f there
ever was an occasion in the history of this war
in winch the attention of Congress ought to be
given especially to this piinciple of protection by
means of retaliation, man for man, or two men
for one if it becomes necessary, tins is the occa-
sion, and I hope this lesulution will pass.
I have no doubt that the Secretary of War will
be doing ail in his power to ascertain the facts,
and that he will lay them before the country; but
that will not be quite as satisfactory, I confess,
to my mind as would be the report of the com-
mittee whom we have already employed tor such
purposes, and who may go on the spot and ob-
tain the original evidence of the fact, not depend-
ing upon hearsay or rumor. I wish to proceed
cautiously, carefully, and surely in this matter.
