1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1808
So far as I am concerned, I can assure the Sen-
ate that my principle in tins case is retaliation in
the most vigorous form in which it can be exer-
cised.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose there is no
Senator hete who disagrees with the honorable
Senator from Michigan in his opinions as ex-
pressed with regard to the duty of this Govern-
ment m the given case. Every man holds that
if this outrage has been perpetrated it should be
avenged properly. Every man holds that what-
ever soldiers we may have in our employ, they
must be protected all alike, in precisely the same
way, without the slightest distinction in the
world.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes the
duty of the Chair to interrupt the Senator from
Maine. The unfinished business of yesterday
now comes up as the order of the day.
Mr. CONNESS. I move its postponement
temporarily until this resolution is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFtCER. That course
will betaken,if there be no objection. TheChair
hears none. The Senator from Maine will pro-
ceed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no difference of
opiniun upon that subject, and it has been a mat-
ter that has been much mooted and talked of. I
believe it is the determination of the Government,
at least I have undeistood from the War Depart-
ment repeatedly, that everything that was rumored
with regard to these matters had been the sub-
ject of investigation by that Department to dis-
cover if there was sufficient evidence of the fact
to prove it, and that the most vigorous and de-
termined measures would be taken in all cases
wheiever anything of the kind was established.
The question before the Senate, however, is
not one with regard to what measures shall be
taken in case the report is true, but what meas-
ures shall be taken in order to ascertain the fact;
that is all. My objection is simply that I believe
the War Department lias power to investigate
it even better than a committee of Congress; it
knowsbetter where to look forevidence. Theevi-
dence if it is to be had is to he had from those who
escaped and those who weie on the spot. They
are under the control of the War Depaitment;
they arc under the control of the Government
specifically. Now, if the Secretary has expressed
his determination to have an immediate and thor-
ough investigation on the subject, it is m his
power to make it and communicate the result to
Congress. If the Senator will change his reso-
lution and direct it to the Secretary of War and
require him to make the most immediate and
thorough examination to ascertain the facts, and
communicate those facts to Congress, I shall have
nothing to say against the resolution.
My objection is (because I have seen the evil
of it and i believe it to lie unnecessary) to taking
Senators and Representatives from their appro-
priate sphere of duty here on this spot, where
their presence is needed for the legislation of the
country, and sending them off on expeditions to
take testimony in regard to matters which may
become subjects of legislation; and it is more par-
ticulatly tioublesome at the piesent time, in the
Senate especially, when by a rule of the Senate
it requires a majority of the whole number of
Senators for all the Suites to make a quorum, and
we find ourselves very frequently checked and
impeded in the necessary business of the Senate
by the want of a quorum for some leason or
other, and that too when the country is complain-
ing—I think unreasonably and under a misappre-
hension—of Congress'that it is remiss in us du-
ties.
If specifications were called for it would be
difficult to make them, for I know that Congress
has devoted itself wiilt as much assiduity as could
be expected of it to the discharge of its duties.
It is difficult for those at a distance to understand
what we have to do, and therefore they run into
these errors in regard to what we are doing
here. Still, there is tins sensitiveness in the
public mind with regard to the great measures
pending befoie Congress; theie is tins sensitive-
ness in the public mind m rcgaid to the state of
oui finances and the legislation necessary in oider
to put them m a good condition or to keep them
in the best condition possible. Under such cu-
cumstances, to thm our ranks at this period of
the session, when the business is pressing upon
us so strongly, to send off some Senators to in-
quire into a matter which can be quite as welt if
not better inquired into by the competent au-
thority which contiols it all, strikes me io be a
very unwise rind unjustifiable thing, and I hope
the Senate will not adopt it.
Mr. CONNESS. There is an additional reason
to those offered by the Senator from Maine why
I express the hope that the resolution before the
Senate will not pass in its present form. When
the committee on the conduct of the war was
about being formed at the beginning of this ses-
sion, it will be remembered by Senators that there
were many objections to it; and if we now, by
the adoption of sucii a resolution as this, ignote
the War Department, and over their heads at-
tempt to make an investigation by charging tins
committee with that extraordinary business, it
will only contribute hereafter to prevent the or-
ganization of a like committee, which for the dis-
charge of proper functions I think is a very useful
and necessary one. I hope the resolution will be
amended in the manner suggested by the Senator
from Maine, and I will move an amendment of
that kind, that " the joint committee on the con-
duct of the war" be stucken out, and that the
Secretary of War be directed by the Senate to
cause an immediate investigation into the facts
and circumstances connected with this case, and
report the same to this body or to Congress, i
move that as an amendment to the resolution.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to the
latter part of the resolution being stricken out;
that part, at least, which authorizes the sending
of the committee themselves, ora portion of their
number, to the place. 1 do not, know that that
would be of any use; and I will consent cheer-
fully to striking out that part of the resolution;
but I think it is fairly a subject which comes be-
fore that committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They have the power
now, witiiout any resolution, to investigate the
case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from California
will be reported.
The Secietaty read the amendment, which was
to stuke out of the resolution the words "joint
committee on the conduct of the war be, and they
are hereby, instructed," and to insert "the Sec-
retary of War be directed;" and also to strike
out the following words: "and that for this pur-
pose they, o.r such of their number as they shall
depute, repair to the neighboi hood;" so that the
resolution will then read:
Resolve-l That the Wecietary of War bo directed to in-
quire into the tinth of the rumored slaughter of the Union
troop-. aitwi tlfir mii render at the leoent attack nf the rebel
fon-es upon Foil Pillow, Tetme^ee ; and to icpoit the facts
to Conyi e-,-, as t,oon as possible.
Mr. WADE. I think there is a misapprehen-
sion as to the powers of the committee on the
conduct of the war, under the resolution that
made them a committee. Thatiesohuion author-
i iztd them to take testimony, and to *>;o wherever
they pleased to take testimony. We have not
exercised that authority except in one instance
whete we sent two of our committee to New
York to investigate matters connected with the
quartermaster's department, because we could
not nuke the examination well m anyotherway.
I think we sa\ed a great deal of money by doing
that at that time, and that is the only time we
have sent members away.
I suppose even if these words are stucken from
tins lcsolution, the committee, if they should sup-
pose it was necessary to go to the spot tor the
purpose of taking testimony, conlu go. 1 can
assuie the Senate, however, that no member of
the committee would go there for any matter of ;
amusement, or because he preferred to go. We \
should certainly not go theie unless it was from |
a sense of duty, because we could not otherwise
properly make the examination, i hope, how- ■
tvei, the amended resolution will pass, for I am j
not anxious Lhat the committee shall have this
business to do. j
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I concur with ■
the mover of the resolution that the subjectought |
to be inquired into, but his resolution does uotgo
as fnr as 1 think it should go. This is not the hist
instance, by several, where we have met with a
reverse that has filled us with guefand with sur-
prise, by the capture of comparatively small bodies
of men garrisoning particular localities, Padu-
cah not long ago was almost laid in ruins; and it
is said, with what truth I know riot, that there
was within some thirty or forty miles of Paducah
a force, under the command of a brigadier gen-
eral, sufficient to have reinforced the town and to
have placed it beyond the reach of harm. The
officei's name 1 have forgotten; he was some menar
ber, I believe, of my own profession who fancied,
that he was fit to command a brigade, and who
persuaded the Executive that he was competent
to do so.
In reference to this particular inquiry, I should
like to know, and I think the countiy would like
to know, I think it is due to the country that it
should be made known, if it can be made known,
why it was that this comparatively small garrison
was left at Fort Pillow, when it was known, I
suppose, there, as certainly as it was known here,
that there was hanging m and around it a force
of some five or six thousand of the rebels, com-
manded by a dashing leader, one who had him-
self led the attack on the town of Paducah? Why
was it that that garrison was suffeied to remain
there without leinfotcements?
Mr. President, the public heart feels just as
we feel; we feel indignant at this Vandalic out-
rage which never could have been perpetrated,!
think, in this age of the world, even by canni-
bals, with more ferocity than is stated to have at-
tended this particular outrage. But the Govern-
ment ought to know, and those in command in
that particular region ought to know, that they
will be held to a responsibility if they by any
reasonable diligence could have prevented the oc- -
currence of such a 'disaster and failed to do it.
They should know that there is now in a part of
the rebel soldiery with whom we are contending,
who have been frenzied into madness and become
worse than savages, a disposition which has nope
of the restraints of civilized warfare; and it is
time, high time, since the United States, m my
judgment m the exercise of a power with which
they are clearly invested, have thought proper
to enlist into their army Afiicans, that these rebel
foes of ours should learn that upon the field of
battle, in the eye of justice, and in the opinion of
the United States, the life of a soldier under our
flag is as dear as the life of any rebel, and that
nothing will satisfy the honor of one and satisfy
the demands of the other, if the horrid alterna-
tive should be left to us, but life for life. It will
never do; our reputation tells us that it will never
do; our duty, still higher in its demands than
mere reputation, tells us it will never do'that we
should suffer our soldiers to be treated with the
barbarity, the inhumanity, the savage barbarity
with which it is said they have been treated upon
this occasion.
But in addition to the information which we
should have before acting on that subject, and
which it is the object of the honorable member
who offered this resolution to obtain, 1 want to
know, looking to the honor of our flag and to the
success of our cause, why it is ti)at these disasters
have been occurring since the commencement of
what may be called the spring campaign. We
have men enough, Heaven knows; we have ap-
propriated money without stint; that we ail kno w;
and yet, to our surprise and mortification, and as
I think to ourdishonor, these occurrences are now
of rather frequent occurrence;and if it be true that
! there was any leason to apprehend an attack by
j anything like an overwhelming force, either upon
j Paducah or upon Fort Pillow, and it could have
j been avoided by any reasonable diligence on the
| part of those m command, we should know it,
| and they should be held up before the country as
i in some measure the authors of these sad calami-
l ties.
! I would propose, therefore, to amend the res-
| olution. if the resolution is adopted in the terms
I offered by the honorable member from Michigan,
j by proposing that thecommitteeinquire whether
| Fort ^Pillow could nave been reinforced in time,
j andif it could be, why it was not ieinforccd,and
i' who weie to blame.
:j Mr. HOWARD. I have not the ieast objection
!j to such an amendment as thutwhich is suggested
ii by the honorable Senator from Matyland. In-
:! deed, 1 think upon consideration that it ought to
j be inserted; and I shall, therefoie, be very much
,j obliged to the Senator if he will put it in proper
:l language. As to that clause of the lesolution
