186-1. j
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL,GLOBE.
35
38tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Oath of Office,—Mr. Bayard.
Senate;
general in the service of the confederates, has be-
come convinced of his error, lias returned to his
allegiance, and has been pardoned by the Presi-
dent. He certainly must have voluntarily borne
arms against the United States; because, though
conscription has been rife throughout the South,
I believe it would not be necessary there or here
to exercise the power of conscription in order
to obtain the services of a brigadier general. The
act must have been voluntary. He must hate
borne arms voluntarily. I will suppose that lie
either goes into a State which has not revolted,
or that a State which has revolted is restored to
the Union, and he is elected by the members
of the Legislature, with whom, the choice exists,
a Legislature which you recognize, as a Sen-
ator of the United States. He could not take this
oath without perjury, and therefore, as you can
make no exceptions if the law is valid, the result
js, if the case arises, you, in fact, will have abro-
gated by your law the effect of the executive par-
don.
But, sir,*this law also rejects the legitimate
effect of the pardon in case of the suppression of
the revolt,and an amnesty by the Executive. In
such an event it ostracizes a whole people, and
punishes them by the depiivation of their dearest
rights. Submission is required to the laws, and
yet by a law like this you deprive the masses of
the people, because they are all engaged in this
involution, of their rights under the Constitution
Mi the selection of their own agents if duly qual-
ified under its provisions. Can a law of this kind
have any tendency to terminate this disastrous
civil war or to restore this Union in its former
in tegrity ?
There is a still further and fourth objection to
the validity of this law. By the Constitution of
the U nited States no ex post facto law can be passed;
and yet by the imposition of this oath you pre-
scribe the penalty of disqualification for office as
the punishment for a crime committed before the
passage of the law, though it was subject to no
such punishment at the time of its commission.
1 forbear to dwell upon this objection from want
of urnc and exhaustion, but it seems impossible
to controvert the position that where by law a
punishment is attached to a past offense which the
law did not prescribe as part of the punishment
for that offense at the time of its commission, it is
strictly and undeniably ex post facto legislation.
Before proceeding to the construction of this
act, as including members of Congress, I must
controvert briefly a doctrine which I have fre-
quently heard asserted in this body, that a ma-
jority of the body have authority to exclude from
a seat a person legally elected, for any cause other
than want of qualification under the provisions of
the Constitution. It has been asked,('Would you
admit a disloyal person, a traitor, into the Senate?"
The answer is, there is no authority in a majority
to refuse admission to his seat if the person duly
chosen is qualified. The Senate may judge and
decide whether the election is by competent au-
thority, whether the credentials are sufficient, and
whether the party is possessed of the requisite
qualifications. When it assumes by a majority
the right to refuse a seat on other grounds, it vio-
lates a fundamental principle of the Constitution
and of representative government. The sover-
eignty is in the people, and the right of choice is
with them. Whether they act diiectly, as in the
election of Representatives, or mediately through
the State Legislature,as in the choice ofa Senator,
it is for them to decide on the past life, the mental
- capacity, and the moral character of the person
chosen. If the Senate assumes this power it vio-
lates a fundamental principle of representative
government. If a mure majority can exclude a
person elected to either House, then a political
party may continue its power until resistance and
anarchy is the probable result.
Hut it is said that the body must have power
to protect itself against traitors or infamous per-
sons. The answer is, the power of expulsion
gives fuil protection, and that power is vested in
the Senate in absolute discretion, with no other
limit than that it requires two thirds of the body
ix> exercise it—a limitation of numbers. Natuiai
justice, the sense of right, and the sufficiency of
'!•<' facts presented to aulhouze the action—all
these things of course would address themselves
to the discretion of two thirds of the body. Two
thirds of the body may, if they see fit, expel with-
out cause, and the expulsion would be legally
valid. No doubt such an act would recoilon the
actors. No doubt the frequentrecurrence of such
acts would entirely destroy the confidence of the
people in the body, and ultimately end in the
subversion of the Government; but it is not a ra-
tional presumption that such a course would ever
be adopted by two thirCs of the Senate of the
United States. The limitation which is imposed
in requiring two thirds to exercise the absolute
discretion in reference to expulsion is a quite suf-
ficient restriction, because it is a rational pre-
sumption that two thirds would seldom, if ever,
agree to expel a member without sufficient cause
and on sufficient proof.
Such a power vested in the majority would, on
the contrary, in political conflicts be subject to the
grossest abuses. A majority of two thiids would
not be tempted to abuse, bccause common reflec-
tion would convince them that to crush out all
opposition in a representative assembly necessa-
rily leads to personal dissensions and personal
factions, and thus their own party would perish.
If you desire an illustration, look back to ourown
East history when, during the second term of Mr.
lonroe, all organized opposition to the Democratic
party having ceased, it fell at once into personal
factions and broke up in the election of 1824 with
mere personal candidates. The whole danger in
representative Governments arises from conflicts
of power between political parties. If a mere
majority could exercise sucha powerofexclusion,
independent of the qualifications prescribed in the
Constitution, at their own will and discretion, they
would inevitably be tempted to sustain themselves
in power by unjust exclusions, and the ultimate
result would be resistance and violence.
The assumption, also, of the power to exclude a
person otherwise qualified, by the vote of a major-
ity, is a palpable usurpation under the language of
the Constitution, bccause the power of expulsion
is vested in two thirds of the body; but a refusal
to allow a man to take his seat is equivalent to
an expulsion, except when you decide that he is
not qualified. If, because you view him as an im-
moral man, if because he has committed a crime,
be it treason or any other offense, you think him
unworthy of being a member of the Senate, and
can by the vote ot a majority exclude him, then
you can exclude him by a majority on any other
gtound whatever, and you are assuming the power
virtually of expulsion which the Constitution ex-
pressly vests in two thirds of each House. Sir, a
free constitution cannot coexist with this danger-
ous and parricidal power in the hands of a ma-
jority of the ordinary legislature.
I proceed to read an extract from a report made
in the Senate of the United States in the case of
John Smith by John Quwcy Adams, which cor-
roborates these views. Mr. Adams contended—
and that far 1 agree fully with his doctrine—that
the right of expulsion was unfettered by any other
limitation than the discretion of two thirds of the
body. The report itself, like all papers which em-
anated from that distinguished statesman, is ex-
ceedingly able and eloquent:
"The provision in our Constitution which forbid1? the
expulsion of a member by an ordinary majority, and re-
quites loi this act of vigoious and painful duty the assent
of two thirds, vour committee con-sidei as a wise and suf-
ficient guaid against the po^siblp ahu^e of this legislative
discietion. In times of hot and violent party spiut the
rights of the minority might not always he duly respected
it the niajouty couid expel member.-* under no other control
than that of their own discretion.'5
Where is the difference, Mr. President, between
an expulsion by a majority of a member after he
has been sworn in and taken his seat and the right
claimed by a majority to exclude a member be-
fore he is sworn in, founded on their own abso-
lute discretion ? If the power does not exist in
the one case it cannot in the other; and it will in-
i evitably lead, if sanctioned by the Senate, in the
violence of party contests, to abuses so frequent
and gross that representation of the people will
exist only in name, but not in fact, and then fol-
lows despotism or anarchy.
1 have closed with the objections I have to make
to the ^ojiHtitusionahty <>f fii > Her of and pio*
ceed now to the discussion of the second question
which I stated. The answer to that question de-
pends upon another, whether a Senator or Rep-
resentative is a civil-officer or holds a civil office
within the meaning of the Federal Constitution.
This question became a subject of inquiry early
in the history of the country, on the impeachment
of William Blountby the House of Representatives
in the year 1798; and it was decided then by the
Senate on a plea to the jurisdiction on the 11th
-of January, 1799. Blount was expelled from his
seat in the Senate on July 8, 1797, for a high mis-
demeanor, and so clear was the proof of his guilt
that there was but one negative vote against ex-
pulsion to twenty-five in the affirmative.
The resolution is in the following words:
"William Blount, Esq., one of the Senators of the Uni-
ted States, having been guilty of a high misdemeanor en-
tirely inconsistent with his public tiust and duty as a Sen-
ator, is hereby expelled from the Senate of the United
States."
In 1798 he was impeached by the House of
Representatives for high crimes and misdemean-
ors, and articles of impeachment being preferred,
the Senate was organized as a couit of impeach-
ment on the 17th of December, 1798. Blount
pleaded to the jurisdiction that he is not and was
not at.the periods mentioned a civil officer of the
United States. The plea wasargued by the ablest
juristsofthecountry,both on behalfofthe House
of Representatives and on behalf of Blount, and
two resolutions were proposed on the 7th of Jan-
uary, 1799. You will find them in the Annals of
Congress:
t% On motion to agree to the following resolutions:
t( That William Blount wag a civil officer of the United
States within the meaning of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and therefore liable to be impeached by the
House of Hepiesentatives.
"Thar, as the articles of impeachment chaige him with
high crimes and misdemeanors, supposed to have beeu
committed while he was a Senator oi the United States,
his plea ought to be overruled.
"After debate, on motion, the court adjourned till twelve
o'clock to-morrow."—Jlnnalsof Congress, Fifth Congress,
1777-1779, vol. 2, p. 2018.
These resolutions were held under discussion
for four days, and on January 10 they were de-
cided in the negative. The express decision there-
fore is that Mr. Blount was not a civil officer of
the United States, and therefore not liable to im-
peachment. The plea was sustained on a subse-
quent day, and the articles of impeachment were
dismissed.
This decision I cite as an authority of the high-
est gfrade for the purpose of determining the ques-
tion whether a Senator is a civil officer of the
United States or holds an office under the United
States within the meaning of the Constitution.
That is the question.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
calls this a little precedent; he speaks of it as being
unworthy of any weight or influence in the Senate
now, because it was made in secret session; and
he read an extract from* Judge Story's Commen-
taries in order to show that it has been impugned
by the authority of some learned commentators.
Mr. President, this docision was made when the
body was not as numerous as it now is, but that
does not detract from its weight. I admit it was
a subject of contrariety of opinion; but is it any
objection to the decision of a court of justice that
the deliberations of its judges are private ? The
Senate sat under oath as a court when they made
this decision. -There was no party bias; there
was no personal feeling in favor of the man, be-
cause ten of the very Senators who voted to sus-
tain his plea had voted for his expulsion one year
before* and only six of those who voted against
the plea had voted for the expulsion. The other
nine were either new members or members who
were not in their places when the vote on expul-
sion was taken. The decision therefore comes to
us'from the Senate organized as a court, sitting
under oath, after a public argument and hearing
; by the ablest counsel in the country on both sides,
j The argument is all reported in your Annals,
i But because the deliberations of the court subse-
| quently were private we are told it is but a little
• precedent and entitled to no weight. Sir, you may
i in that way overturn any judicial decision. If
ever a decision was made that fairly entitled it to
be considered of weight in the construction of ;he
Constitution, it was this dociHon. made ui.dir
