1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
age and drainage in the city of Washington;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
TII13 BANKRUPT BILL RESUMED.
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask the Chair if
the morning hour has expired?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. SPALDING. Then 1 desire to know what
is the position of the bankrupt bill?
The SPEAKER. The question is, "Shall the
bill be engiossed and read a third time now?"
Mr. SPALDING. I wish, by the permission
of the House, to say that the committee desire to
challenge a critical examination of that bill, and
therefoie they propose to continue its consider-
ation in the morning; hour for discussion, and if
there is no member now ready to go on, I hope
the subject will be passed over until to-morrow.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope this bill will
be disposed of as soon as possible, and be taken
out of the way, so that other committees may
have an opportunity to report.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to enter a motion to
postpone the bill until the second Tuesday in De-
cember next.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope that will not
be done. If no other gentleman desires to speak,
let us pass the bill now. it has been printed for
a long time, and members have had an opportu-
nity of examining it.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I hope4he motion
of the gentleman from Indiana will not carry.
This is an important bill, and ought to be passed
at this session.
Mr. SPALDING. I will ask for a vote upon
the engrossment of the bill now.
The SPEAKER. The vote must be first taken
on the motion to postpone.
Mr. SPALDING. Well, sir, I demand the-
previous question on the motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. The Chair willstatethat the
previous question, if ordered, will extend only to
the motion to postpone.
Mr. SPALDING. Very well; I ask the pre-
vious question on that.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
On the motion to postpone there were—ayes
42, noes 63.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 63, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James €. Allen, Allison, Ancona. Bax-
ter, Blaine, Jacob B. Bl.nr, Boyd,Cravens,Creswell, Daw-
son, Dcnison, Eokiey, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Fitick,
Grider, Hale, Hall, Harding, Harrington,ClmilesM. Harris,
Holrnan, Hutching, Philip Johnson, Knlbfleiscb, Kernan,
Knapp, Law,Lazear,Lmlejohii,Loan,Mallory,Marcy, Mc-
Clurg, McDowell, Morull, Morrison, Amos Myers, Leonard
Myers., Noble, Cliarles O'Neill, Ortb, Patterson, Fendleton,
Perhain, Price, Ilobinson, Edward H. Rollins, James S.
Rollins, ItosSjSchenek, Scott, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Wadsworth, VVhaley, Wheeler,
Clniton A. While, and Wilson—63,
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Aijipi, Arnold, Ashley, Augustus
C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Beauian, Blow, Brooks,
Broomall, James S. Brown, Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark,
Cobb, Coflroth, Cole, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Ua-
vis, Dawes, Donnelly, Drigt?s, Eliot, English, Earns.vvoitli,
Fenton, Frank, Gan&on, Goocb, Giinnell, Griswold, Ifer-
rick,Higby,Hooper,Asabel W.Hubbard, John H.Hubbard,
Hulburd, Jenckes, Kelley, Francis W.Kellogg,OrlandoKel-
logg,King, Le Blomi, Long, Marvin, McAllister, Mclndoe,
Samuel F.Miller, Moorhead, Daniel Morris, Nelson, Odell,
Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice,
Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Sweat, Thay-
er, Thomas, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Ward, William Ji.
Washburn, Williams, Wilder, Wiudom, Winfield, For-
nando Wood, and Woodbridge—74.
So the motion to postpone was disagreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. Has the morning hour ex-
pired?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate have agreed to the repoit of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (PI. R. No. 395)
to provideanational currency secured byapledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the re-
demption and circulation thereof.
Also, that the Senate have passed bills of the
House of the following titles with amendments;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House:
An act (No. 383) to incorporate the Home for
Friendless Women and Children *, and
An act (No. 290) for the relief of Rhoda Wol-
cott, widow of Henry Wolcott.
Also, that the Senate have passed without
amendment a bill and joint resolution of the
House of the following titles:
An act (No. 474) to amend an act relative to
the public printing; and
Joint resolution (No. 51) relative to the claims
and letters patent of William Wheeler Hubbell.
Also, that the Senate have agreed to the amend-
ment of the House to the title of the bill of the
Senate (No. 218) to repeal the first section of a
joint resolution therein named.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill (No.
289) for the relief of Ida Hoffman, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
WASHINGTON RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. DAVIS, ofNew York, by unanimous con-
sent, reported a bill from the Committee for the
District of Columbia to amend the charter of the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Company;
which was read a first and second time, recom-
mitted to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, and ordered to be printed.
PURCHASE OF SUBSISTENCE.
Mr. HOTCHKISS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to enable persons in the civil
service to purchase fuel and subsistence stores
from the commissary department at cost; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
DEPOSIT VILLAGE.
Mr. HOTCHKISS, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill in relation to the village of
Deposit, Delaware county, New York; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. HOOPER, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 395) to provideanational
currency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and re-
demption thereof, reported that the committee,
after a full and free conference, had agreed to rec-
ommend to their respective Houses as follows:
that the House of Representatives recede from
its disagreement to the fifteenth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with anamend-
ment, to strike out the words " the bonds." and
insert m lieu thereof the words, "in excess of
bonds beyond one third of the capital stock, and;"
so that it will read:
Provided, That nothing in this section shall prevent an
association that may desire to reduce its capital or to close
up its business and dissolve its organization from taking
up its bonds upon reluming to the Comptroller its calcu-
lating note; in the proportion hereinafter named la this act,
nor from taking up any excess of bonds beyond one third
of the capital stock, and upon which no circulating notes
have been delivered.
That the Senate reccde from its nineteenth
amendment, to add in section twenty-two after
tiie word " issued " the words " or the amount of
capital stock of the associations organized;" so
that it would read:
Sec. 22. Jlnd he it farther enacted, That the entire
amount of notes for circulation to be issued or the amount
of capital block of the associations organized under this act
shall not exceed $300,000,000.
That the House recede from its disagreement
to the thirty-sixth amendment of the Senate,
which is to add, in the thirty-first section, after
the word "Albany" the word " Leavenworth."
That the House recede from its disagreement
to the thirty-seventh amendment of the Senate,
which is to strike out after the word " San Fran-
cisco" the words " and Portland," and to insert
in lieu thereof the words " Buffalo and Provi-
dence, Rhode Island;" andagree to the same with
an amendment, to strike out the words " Buffalo
and Providence, Rhode Island," and insert in
lieu thereof the words "Washington city."
That the House recede from its disagreement
to the thiity-eighth amendment of the Senate,
and agree to the same with an amendment, to
strike from the Senate amendment the words "at
a rate of exchange for all cities west of the Alle*-
ghany mountains net exceedi ng-one quarter of oae
per cent., and for all cities east of the Alleghany
mountains," and to insert after the-wottis " at
par" the following: , ■ ■ >
And nothing in this act shall he construed to prevent all
tlie shales in any of the s.lid associations, held by any per-
son or body corporate, from being included in the valuation
of personal property of such person or corporation, in the
assessment of ta'xes imposed by or under State authority,
at the place wheie such hank is located, and noteteewhere;
but not at a greater rate than is assessed oil other moneyed,
capital in the hands of individual citizens of said States:
Provided further j That the tax so imposed Under the law of
any State upon the shares of any of the associations author-
ized by this act shall not exceed the rate imposed on shares
in any of the bank organizations under the authority of the
State where such association is located.
So that the section will read:
Sec. 32. ^nd ie it further enacted, That each association
organized in any of the cities named in the foregoing sec-
tion shall select, subject to the approval of the Comptroller
of the Currency, an association in the city of New York at
which it will redeem its circulating notes at par. And
nothing in this act shall be construed, &c.
Mr. HOOPER moved the previous question on
the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. NOBLE. I ask unanimous consent to put
a question to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
There was no objection.
Mr. NOBLE. 1 wish to know how the bill
stands in reference to the right of States to tax
these banks for State purposes.
Mr. HOOPER. It leaves the right to the
States to tax these banks at the same rateas they
tax other moneyed property in the State.
Mr. GANSON. 1 would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts whether it authorizes
the tax to be imposed on the body-politic or sim-
ply on the shares.
Mr. HOOPER. It is to be imposed on the per-
sons holding the shares, at the place where the
bank is located.
The question was taken; and the report was
agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the conference committee
was agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACROSS TIIE HUDSON RIVER.
Mr. DAVIS,ofNew York, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced an act relative to the construction
of a bridge across the Hudson river at Albany,
New York, for postal and other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
I am directed by the Committee of Elections to
submit a report in the case of James H. Birch,
contesting the right of Austin A. King to a seat
upon this floor from the sixth congressional dis-
trict of Missouri.
Before making that report, I desire to state to
the House that this case is kindred in its nature
to the case of Bruce against Loan, already decided
by the House. The Committee of Elections came
to the same conclusion in this case as they did in
that case, but the committee accept the decision
of the House in that case as instruction to them
in this one; at least they look upon it as a res
adjudicata. While the opinion they have formed
in this case is the same as that they reported in
the case of Bruce and Loan, nevertheless they do
not desire to reopen the discussion of these ques-
tions. They have submitted their views to the
House, but the House has come to another con-
clusion.
It is proper for me to state in addition that in
this particular case the testimony, all of it, or
nearly so, was found to be irregularly taken—not
in strict conformity to the provision of the statute.
But that whole matter is within the control of the -
House. I may say that it does not present a
stronger case of military or other interference than
that of Bruce against Loan,
Now, the House having decided after deliberate
discussion, the committee have changed their con-
clusions on the subject, and instructed me *,o re-
port back the papers in the case of Birch against
King, and to move that they be laid upon the table.
Mr. BIRCH, (contestant.) I ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to withdraw the mo-
