264.0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1.
tion to lay upon the tabic, so that I may rfiake a
statement.
Mi*. DAWES. I Will withdraw it so that the'
contestant may make a statement in reference to
his being heard; but, as this motion is made under
direction of the Committee of Elections, I am not
at liberty to withdraw it altogether. I will leave
the matter to the Bouse. If the House think that
the contestant should be heard in the case, they
can so decide. While I have no personal objec-
tion, still, acting under'the instruction of the Com-
mittee,! can only withdraw the motion to lay
upon the table-temporarily.
Mr. BIRCH. Mr. Speaker,having1 had an in-
timation a few days ago that the committee would
reach such a conclusion as is now reported by its
chairman, I have prepared as well as I could, out
of courtesy to the House that I might not utter
a sentence unfit for its hearing, an expose of this
case, the reading of which will occupy an hour or
an hour and a half. Not having had the opportu-
nity, or having failed to cultivate the opportunity,
of becoming acquainted with gentlemen on the
other side of the Chamber, I trust that I may rely
upon their courtesy, while I do not know the rules
of order and proceeding here, to so pilot this re-
port that I may be allowed to read the expose that
I have prepaied. I desiie to say that upon that
statement I am willing to risk my future standing
with gentlemen upon this floor.
Mr, HOLM AN. If it be in order, I will move
that the contestant have the usual time to be heard
on his case.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay upon the
table is not debatable.
Mr. DAWES. I leuve the matter with the
House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the motion be
divided.
.Mr. BIRCH, i have not finished what 1 de-
sire to say m ihe way of preface.
According to every essential element of your
past adjudication#, this case iscontradistinctfrom
the case from the seventh district of Missouri
which was decided a few days since. I make that
statement most dehbeiately, under a sense of the
courtesy winch has sustained me here for six
months awaiting your action, and in view of my
future relations to this House by their final vote
upon this case. I take the risk of being mistaken
as well as the risk of satisfying the llouse that
there never we s such a case here; and I trust there
never will be another. But perhaps I should be
out of order if I proceed in this vein of remark.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order now; (he motion is to lay upon the table,
which is not debatable.
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether it is in order to move that the con-
testant and sitting member have leave to print
their remarks.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. That would hardly be show-
ing sufficient courtesy to the contestant.
The question being taken on the motion to lay
the papers on the table, it was not agreed to.
Tim SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion to discharge the committee from the fur-
ther consideiation of the case, and upon that
question the contestant is entitled to the floor.
Mr. B1RCII took the floor.
Mr. KING, if the gentleman will allow me,
I would like to have an understanding as to the
point to which the nigument shall be addressed '
m this case. The committee has reported tlmt I
the testimony taken by the contestant has not !
been taken in accordance with law. This House '
decided in ihe ease of }.lair v?. K nox, on the 11th j
of March, that no testimony should be receive^ ;
by the Committee of Elections except that which j
was taken in pursuance of and in accordance i
v/llh law. Now the committee has reported that i
this testimony has not thus been taken, and I
submit to the Mouse whether oi not the merits of >
those deposition*} should be gone into until the i
point as to then- admissibility shall have been j
adjudged by (he House. 1 admit that the House j
may o venule the decision of the committee upon :
that point, and 1 admit that the House may agree
to take into consideration that testimony which
the committee lias sud has been taken without
any authority df law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the questions now to be debated by the House
are as to whether the committee shall be dis-
charged from the further consideration of all that
evidence,and all the questions growing up under it.
Mr. KING. The point I wish to ascertain is,
to what question the argument is to be directed.
The SPEAKER. The contestant can speak
to any question pertaining to the election, the
question being upon discharging the committee
from the further consideration of all this evidence.
Mr. KING. Can the merits of these deposi-
tions be gone into in the arguments now made
without the House first determining whether it is
testimony?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it can,
whether evidence or not. The question is," Shall
the committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration thereof?"
Mr. BIRCH. In reply to what thegentleman
has said, I have but to say that I shall argue the
question here precisely as I argued it before the
committee, who supposed that the evidence had
been taken in such a manner as to ascertain the
truth, and upon that adjudication founded their
report. 1 believe I might assume that upon the
question of admissibility of the depositions and
their entire credibility there was no substantial
division in the committee.
I will now proceed to read what I have pre-
pared, trusting to the indulgence of the House to
allow me to conclude my remarks if they should
exceed the hour allotted to mo, particularly as it
will be seen that I shall in no respect trifle with
the dignity and indulgence thus invoked. I have
made the argument as compact and condensed as
I could possibly do from the records of the com-
mittee. If they had reported the facts in this case
as they did in the case from the seventh distiict
of Missouri, I would have asked but half an hour
for my commentary upon those facts, but as I am
compelled to read from the depositions in oider
to make myself understood, 1 must of course
rely on the fail ne&s, justice, and manhood of the
IIouhc to peimit me to lead what I have thus pre-
pared. J will proceed, therefore, directly to what
I have to say on this case; previous to which,
however, and before proceeding to avail myself
of the pennission which has been accouled me,
it is deemed appropriate to thus respectfully re-
cord my appreciation of the Committee of Elec-
tions, to whom 1 have so long borne the relation
of a contestant. They heard me courteously, in-
telligently, and, as I doubt not, impartially; and
1 hence ©scribe such division as was apparent
upon their ultimate finding to a want of perspi-
cuity in my own imperfect presentation of the
case, which it is trusted I may in some measure
supply in my more maimed and deliheiate aigu-
ment to-day. To this it will be of course ex-
cusable to add that should anything oscapc me
unfit for the llouse to hear it will be neitherfrom
impulse or inadvertence, but because the deliber-
ate cautiousness of even a written exposition has
failed to sufficiently chasten the maimer of pre-
senting the wrongs of which I am here the hum-
ble yet accredited representative. Trusting to
be appreciated and borne with accordingly it is
deemed proper to {itemise that the duty thus
briefly denoted would havu been respectfully re-
coiled from, after the action of the House upon a
previous case from my State, had it not been felt,
that the case now pending had been in no sub-
stantial respect prejudged to rny disadvantage,
but the exact revctse. If, therefore, 1 can suc-
ceed in propitiating the attention of the House to
the pielmunary distinction which I propose to
present between the two cases i shall not despair
of such subsequent consulei ation of the vitiating
record which 1 shall read as will demonstrate
that upon all the elements of your past adjudica-
tions the pretended 44 election'' I am here to con-
test should he branded as at least ,i millhv.
Pet haps I cannot better "inaugurate" the prc-
liminaiy distinctions thus biiefly alluded to than
by referring to the opening sentences of the speech
of the gentleman from the seventh district, [Mr.
Loan,] whose case was considered and passed
upon on the 10th of last month. Whatever dif-
feience of opinion may have pievaiied m respect
to the vitiations which weie alleged against his
election, he could at least advance to the discus-
sion of them in the defiant consciousness that he
was neither personally nor officially tainted with
the dishonor of having incited them; and so of
the gentleman from the fifth district, [Mr. Mc-
Clurg,] whose case remained to be disposed of.
In that respect (as will presently be seen from
the testimony) the cases are so wholly unlike,
as upon that ground alone to justify a different
finding, particularly when the argument as to
the augmented political majority for the gentle-
man from the seventh district, as evidenced by
the result of the subsequent judicial election,
will be seen to absolutely disapplyin the present
case.
The distinction is no less radical and conclu-
sive in several additional and concurring respects,
which will be briefly glanced at in this connec-
tion, in order to be resumed and verified from the
record (if necessary) in appropriate subsequent
connections. Thus, it was argued, in practical
avoidance ofthe overawing which was complained
of in the seventh district, that not only had a
large majority of its votes been polled in the con-
gressional election,but that the entire increase in
the subsequent judicial election would have been
insufficient if added to the congressional vote of
the contestant to have overcome the majority of
the sitting member. Now, sir, while all this
was at least as fairly arguable in that case as any
argumentcould be, predicated upon the proverbi-
ally small vote of a judicial election in compari-
son with a political election, it will of course suf-
fice to demonstrate that the exact reverse was
true in the case under consideration, in order to
suggest and enforce a finding the exact reverse.
I refer, therefore, thus early to the record (page 5)
to demonstrate that while the presidential vote in
my district was 20,760, the congressional vote was
but 9,370, "less than a quorum," according to
our language here. Of this minority the con-
gressional vote of the sitting member was 4,243,
being a plurality over the contestant of 1,336;
while it will he seen by the official certificate,
which I hold in my hand, that even the increase
in the judicial vote over the congressional vote
not only overcame thatplurality,but that the party
whose candidate the contestant was in the con-
gressional canvass outvoted the congressional
party of the sitting member 4,130 votes in the
subsequentjudicial election. It will not, of course,
impair the point thus established against the sit-
ting member, when it comes to be listened to from
the record, that between the period of these two
elections he abandoned his congressional party
and sought to become a leader in my party! That
portion ofthe testimony may indeed additionally
suggest the cvery-day fairness of remitting hnn
to the ordeal of a new election upon our now com-
mon platform, instead of countenancing him in
the betiayala and assumptions which constitute
alone the aggregate of his pretensions here.
The cases will be found wholly dissimilar in
another important aspect, which is this: it can-
not be argued in this case, as it was in the one
from the seventh district, that as there was no
threatening or overawing previous to the election
the testimony should expend itself in the exclu-
hion ofthe particular poll at which it establishes
a special violence. In this case it will be seen
from the testimony that the overawing was com-
menced and prosccuted systematically for weeks
preceding the election, that it was at the incita-
tion and with the judicial and military coopera-
tion of the sitting member himself, and that it but
naturally culminated on the day of the election.
Of course not only every lawyer, but every intel-
ligent gentleman, who will do himself the justice
to reflect upon the difference which will be thus
established from the testimony as to the modes of
intimidation which were resorted to in the cases
lespcctively, will not only concur in the distinc-
tion I have suggested,butwhen it shall be shown
from the testimony m this case that the overaw-
ing was collusive and systematic, collusively in-
auguiated, and publicly and overawingly encour-
aged by the sitting member as a judicial officer,
and thus cooperatively prosecuted throughout
the district for weeks before the election,and "on
the day of the election, with menace and violence,
such as would deter a man of ordinary firmnes*
from approaching the polls and tendeting his
vote;" when it shall be demonstrated from the
testimony that the language thus quoted from the
speech of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Davis] is as applicable to the district at large in
this case as it was to particular precincts, in the
case he was then arguing, 1 shall expect his in-
