36
38th Cong.... 1st Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
Oath of Office—Mr. Bayard.
January 19,
Senate.
these circumstances, in which no party feeling
whatever was evinced,and in which no personal
bias influenced a single Senator.
The decision also on the first resolution is an
express adjudication that a Senator is not a civil
officer of the United States within the meaning of
the Constitution, and if notacivilofficcrof course
he does not hold an office of honor or profit under
the Government, within the meaning of the Fed-
eral Constitution. The quotation is correctly made
from Judge Story's Commentaries. In section
seven hundred and ninety-one, after stating the de-
cision, he writes as follows: "This decibion, upon
which the Senate itself wasgreatly divided, seems
not to have been quite satisfactory (as it may be
gathered) to the minds of some learned commen-
tators;** and to sustain this remark he cites 4
Tucker's Blackstone, Appendix, pages 57 and 58,
and Rawleon the Constitution, chaptcr twenty-
two, pages 513, 214,218, and 219. It so happens
that the authorities relied upon by Judge Story do
not support his remarks, and there is in fact no
learned commentator who lias doubted the cor-
rectness of the decision. Look at Mr. Rawic's
commentaries and you will find that he does not
question the propriety of the decision made by the
Senate under the Constitution, but expresses re-
gret that Senators and Representatives were not
impeachable, find suggests an amendment to the
Constitution for that purpose. There is nota word
in his treatise which implies that he thought the de-
cision incorrect as totheconsti uctiori of the Consti-
tution. In the appendix to Tucker's Dlackstonc,
Judge Tucker ex presses no opinion whatever upon
the subject. All that he says is that all the grounds
on which the plea was dismissed do not appear,
ast the debate was in secret session; but that two
grounds do appear in the resolutions which were
negatived by the Senate, and especially the one
which 1 have stated as most material, that a Sen-
ator is not a civil officer under the United States,
and therefore cannot be impeached, and he neither
expresses noi intimates any opinion foi oragainst
the correctness of the decision on this question.
Tin1 error of Judge Story is one not uncommon
with thecompilers of legal treatises. Judge Story
himself expresses no dissent from the opinion;
he states the facts as he supposed them to exist,
hut must have examined the authorities he cited
Willi less than his usual care. There is no douht
the Senate was divided; there is no doubt that it
was u subject on which different conclusions might
he arrived nt; but if there ever was a ease to which
the miixnn stare dccisis is applicable, it ia pre-
cisely to this decision. That decision involves
the very question that a Senator is not a civil offi-
cer under the United States; and of course if not
n civil offie.er he cannot hold a civil office under
the United States. If such a precedent as that is
not to control, acquiesced in as it has been for
more than half a century without question, then
no precedent can have weight in tins body.
Let Senators reflect for a moment on the differ-
ence of importance in the two cases. In the case
in which the Senate decided on an impeachment
they gave a construction to an articlc of the Con-
stitution which prevented (he future impeachment
of any member of Congress, either of the House
of Representatives or of the Senate. What 1 con-
tend for now, as the necessary result, of the prin-
ciple decided by the Senate in that case, is merely
that where Congress mean to include members of
either body within any law, be it penal or other-
wise, they must name them as mem'oeis of Con-
gress or as Senators and Representatives. All
that is asked is that in t ho construction of any net
of Congress the words " office" or " officei " shall
bo held to mean an office or officer within the lan-
guage and meaning of the Constitution. Tins
rule of construction has been adhered to in pa^t
legislation; and even at the same session in which
the act under discussion was passed, m an art
proscribing penalties in relation to obtaining con-
tracts, the words "members of Congress" and
" all officers of the Government5' are used in con-
tiadistinefion.
It will be recollected that at the time of this de-
cision the Senate had among its membeis some of
the ablest jurists of the country; and unless you
entirely disregard judicial decisions it stands as
the judgment of the court of the highest jurisdic-
tion known to our laws. The question how great j!
the majority is in a court certainly cannot destroy jl
the effect of its decisions. You would hold the i;
Senate bound by it beyond all question if articles
of impeachment were now preferred against any
member of Congress; you would ho'd yourself
bound to dismiss the impeachment founded on
the precedentestabhshed at that time and adhered
to ever since, and as to which I hazard nothing
in the assertion that no commentator on the Con-
stitution has expressed his dissent from the pro-
priety of the decision, though I freely admit that
minds differently constructed might have arrived
on a Controverted question at a different conclu-
sion.
I propose now to sustain by reference to the
Constitution itself the determination made by the
Senate in Blount's case as applicable to the pres-
ent. The decision in Blount's case, it is said, was
merely that a Senator was not impeachable. Not
so, sir. The resolution adopted was that a Sen-
ator is not a civil officer, and therefore not im-
peachable. No other reason can be assigned for
Ins not being impeachable. If he was a civil offi-
cer he must have been impeachable,because you
find that in the clause of the Constitution which au-
thorizes impeachment, section four of article two,
itis provided that the President, Vice President,
and all civil officers, shall be removed from ofiice
on impeachment for and conviction of treason,
btibery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors."
Therefore the very question was in issue. There
could be no doubt that if a Senator was a civil offi-
cer, holding a civil office under the United States,
he might be impeached, and might be removed
from office. 'The whole struggle thioughout the
argument on both sides was to show whether he
was or was not a civil officer within the meaning
of the Constitution.
Every one knows that the word " office'* may
be applied to a trustee, to an executor, even to the
relation of a friend. The question to be determ-
ined in this case is whether the position, trust, and
station of a Senator is a civil office, or an office
within the meaning of the Federal Constitution.
If the Federal Constitution does not characterize
it as an office, and has excluded that term from its
provisions in relation to members of Congress,
then of course a law passed in pursuance of that
Constitution which does not name Senators and
Representatives as included within it must by
necessary inference be held to exclude them.
Let us look at the different provisions of the
Constitution to show that it is incompatible with
the language used to suppose that itsframerc in-
tended to treat ihe station of a Senator asan office
or as coming within the wosd "office." Take
fiist, the clause as to the executive powers vested
in the President; the first scction of article two: j
" He f-hall hold his otruc (hi'inc the term of four years, J
and, (o^eil.'ci unit the \ice Fi'^idt'in,eho>eu tortile >-ame .
t<nn, lie cierf'd |
" He shall hold his office"—the language is J
plain and explicit—4< during the term of'four}
ye.us." Turn to the second section, first article, |!
of the Constitution, and you find; :1
" Section 2. The House of Representatives shall be com-
posed til member* chosen every second year by the people
of the t-eveial 5tates, and the electors in each State shall
have the qualifications requisite for electors ot the most
lituneiou" launch of the Wtato Legislature.''
So for the Senate:
! %<The Senate of'the United States «hali he composed of J!
I two Sei .u« rs. li'-.m e.u-h State, chosen by the L.-g^Uture !j
1 thereof for six \em." 'I
i•
[ Why not uie the same language as is applied !j
; to the President—" who shall hohi their office for
i the term of six years"—if it was in'endcd to treat
; it as an office under the Constitution? :
u henif'din.tely after they shall he assembled in cen<c- .
quenee of the rii^t election, they shall be divided as equally:
as may be Iuro ?im-e clause?. The seats of the ^rnarois of ''
the class shall be vacated at the expiration ot the \ <
ond year, of the «rcondclasi  aithe expiration or the loutth . 1
v< ar, and of the thud class at the e\pnatton of the H\tn
year, s<> that one thud may be chosen eveiy second \ car.'* ■
If the position of a Senator was regarded as an \ 't
o slice, w hy not say "the t<>rm of office of Senators
of the first class shall expire at the expiration of ;!
the second year," &c.? The language used in !j
reference to the President is that he shall hold his ;|
: ofike for the term of four years. ;;
But again the provision is:
i% And if vacancies happen hy resignation or otherwise
riming the rwces-s of the Legislature of any estate, the Ex-
ecutive thereof may make tempoiaiy appointments'*—
Why not " temporary appointments to ofiice
It is sedulously shunned.
"until the next meeting of the Legislature, which felmll
theu nil Mich vacancies.*'
A vacancy in what? The word " vacancy"re-
fers to the former word " seat;" to fill the vacancy
in the seat. So you find throughout that where
ever a Senator or Representative is alluded to, the
term l(office"or "officer" is sedulously excluded
as applicable to him.
But, sir, there are other clauses more important
than these, to which 1 shall now refer. In the
second clause of the first aiticle of section six it
is provided that
" No Senator or Representative shall, during the time for
which he vtas elected, be appointed to any civil office under
the authority of the United States wineh shall have been
created, or the emoluments whereof shall have been in-
creased, dining such time ; and no person lioldirig any of-
fice undei the United State* shall be a membei of either
House of Congress duung Ins continuance in office.55
Can it be doubted that the words must have
been " other office" if the Constitution meant to
treat the station of a Senator as an ofiice? Iden-
tity is incompatibility, and if the trust and station
of a Senator is held to be an office it involves an
absurdity m the language of the Constitution
when providing that a person'holding office shall
not be a member of Congress.
Again, it is provided in article two, section one,
that
" Each State shall appoint, in such manner ns the Legis-
latme theieof maydirect, a numberotelectors equal totho
whole number of Senators and Representatives to which
the State may be entitled in the Congre«^ ; hut no Senatoi or
ilentftbentafive, or person holding an office of trust or piofit
under the United States, shall be appointed an elector."'
Why should this language have been used in
the Constitution unless it was necessary to exclude
Senators and Representatives from being eh-ctois
by an express designation of them by name in ad-
dition to the words " person holding an office of
trust or profit?" Docs it not negative, sa it not
utteily inconsistent with the idea that a Senator
or Representative holds an office under the United
States within the meaning of the Constitution?
The men who framed the Constitution understood
the meaning of language, and had they intended
to tient the position and tiustofa Senator as an
office the intention would have been cleaily ex-
pressed.
There are other clauses of the Constitution to
which, ifl were not so exhausted, I could lefrrin
support of this construction, to show that through-
out the whole instrument its framers sedulously
avoid giving the appellation of u office" to the
station and trust of a Senator; a.id not only that,
but the language eneployrd bv foir inference ex-
cludesany idea that the terms "officer of the Uni-
ted States," or %i holding office under the United
States," were intended to iiKiudo a Senatoi or
Representative.
if that be «o, I may ho asked, what is fh«> po-
sition of a Senator? JN1 y answer is, a station, a
trust, not an office within the meaning of t><e
Constitution. It is perfectly immaterial whet it
might be considered otherwise. If the Con«.;-
tution does not mean that they shall be consid-
ered officers, then the language officers of the
United SfftU-s" will not include them, and 'ho
words <s persons holding office under the Uniti u
States" will ii"t include them. T!u^ construc-
tion also is in accoiuanet with tr.e theory and
iorm ot o'w* Govrrnoie.it, it is a iepresentativs
government. The people arc present, not 10
mosses or in numbers, f t that is impracticable,
but u is the people who make the laws through
tjieir representatives or proxies, and members of
Congress are the proxies of the people. That is
their position. It is a high trust and station; but
H is not, within the meaning of the Federal Con-
stitution, an oiiice under the United Siates.
F urther, they are elected by a paramou n t power,
the pow'T that formed the Constitution—Sen-
ators by the L^gistatuie, as representing the po-
IiMcal community or State, and membeis of the
House of Representatives by the people in dis-
tricts in each State, and not ny the people of the
