1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE1.
16®
a general appropriation of $50,000,000 for one
item, place that sum in the hands of the Execu-
tive and let him use what he pleases of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose $50,000,000 is
needed for that item, how would you do? Cut
it up in twenty different pieces?
Mr, TRUMBULL. I can imrdly conceive of
a single item that would amount to $50,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Transportation will
amourtt to that.
* Mr. TRUMBULL. Transportation embraces
a greatmany things. I am notvcry familiar with
these appropriation bills; but I have looked a little
at the appropriation bills'made by theBrifish Par-
liament, and I observe they are a great deal more
particular than we are in their estimates. Things
are not lumped to the extent that they are here.
I think it would be practicable for us to exercise
a greater supervision over these appropriations
than we do. That is what I want. I am unwill-
ing to agree to the declaration of the Senator from
Ohio that we can exercise no supervision at all
over them. I-Ie did not use that language, but he
said substantially we made these appropriations
without knowing whether they were necessary
or not, simply relying on the estimate of the De-
partment. Then when we come to inquire about
that estimate we are informed that it is a mere
guess there. I say the spirit of the Constitution
requires us to resort to all the means within our
power to keep control of the money of the Gov-
ernment. 1 do not think we do that when we
appropriate $50,000,000 to a single item without
knovtfijfiganythingabout how it is to be expended.
Mr. MORRILL. It seems to me that the dif-
ficulty with which the honorable Senator from
Illinois contends is a difficulty inherent in the na-
ture of the case. As has been said it is imptac-
ticable to know what the expenditures of the
quartermaster's department, for instance, for any
'particular branch of that service will be for any
six months or any shorter or longer time; and
hcnce the Quartermaster General cannot in the
first place make an estimate. All he can do is
to make an approximate estimate; and in the
nature of the case the committee can have no
better evidence than he himself can furnish. The
remedy, it seems to me, is not in the appropria-
tion, but m the expenditure of the appropriation.
* Ifit is fair to assume that the appropriations made
by Congress fall into the hands of honest, faith-
ful men, then there need be no particular appre-
hension about the appropriations. Suppose an
appropriation of $50,000,000 be made for the
quartermaster's department for the single item
of transportation, specifically. Upon theassump-
tion that the officers of that department are faith-
ful and honest, where is the harm?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senatorfrom Maine
will allow me I should like to inquire where
would be the harm, then, according to that argu-
ment, to just say to tiie Executive m a bill of five
lines that he shall have all the money that he
wishes to carry on the war, and could take it out
of the Treasury? If our officers are all honest
and faithful they will only take what is proper.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my colleague will
pardon me, I will ask the Senatorfrom Illinois
whether he means that wc in making the appro-
priation shall say, You shall have so much for
railroads, so much for steamboats, so much for
sailing vessels, so much for mules, so much for
wagons? If that is what he means I should like
to have him sit down and do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps not all those
items, but I think there might be some subdi-
vision of them; something better than a mere ap-
propriation of two or three hundred millions. I
have not before me what the amount for the year
is, but I suppose it will amount to about two
hundred million dollars for transportation. I
should like to be informed as to the amount.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is a deficiency for
this year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know this is a deficiency;
but what is the appropriation for the year for
this item?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I forget. I suppose it
will be something like the appropriation for last
year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Probably §100,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. More than that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Two hundred millions
probably. I think there might be some restriction.
I should like to have the
Mr. FESSENDEN.
Senator make it.
Mr. MORRILL. It seems to me, therefore,
the committee in the nature of the case are obliged
to make such appropriations as the department
having that particular branch of the service under
consideration ask for*, and in that view I should
have no hesitation in voting the appropriation
provided I had confidence in the department ask-
ing the appropriation. Now, sir, I am sorry to
say, and I am sorry to feel obliged to stand her6
as a sense of duty to say, that in the case of the
quartermaster's department of the Army I have
not that confidence which would enable me to vote
an unlimited appropriation for expenditure under
the direction of the officer at the head of that de-
partment.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
a moment?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to ask the
Senator, even in that'view of the case, how he can
help it; whether the war must not go on? Even
though the quartermaster's department may not
he fit to be trusted, yet where is there a remedy?
Must not the appropriations continue to be made ?
Otherwise, how shall the war be continued ? Will
you send your armies to battle without supplies ?
Mr. MORRILL. I was about to say what
remedy possibly Congress might have over a sub-
ject of that sort; and that is, in supervising the
expenditure. Now, I want to state a case within
my own knowledge touching this blanch of the
service, and touching this question, as I think.
The Senate a yeai ago or more directed a spe-
cial committee to investigate certain charges which
had been preferred against the quartermaster's
department in the outfitof the Banks expedition,
so called. The committee, in the discharge of
their duty, proceeded to New Yoik to investigate
the outfit of that expedition. They found that a
steamer called the Niagara had been chartered for
that expedition at a cost of some six hundred dol-
lars a day, that she had proceeded on her voyage
carrying some five or six hundred soldiers, and
the first night out had foundered and put into
Philadelphia, was there condcmnedas unseawor-
thy by the inspectors, and forbidden to go to sea.
The troops were disembarked and sent to their
place of destination in other transports. The com-
mittee further found on testimony from the best
men connected with the service in New York, in-
spectors of the port and persons who had been
familiar with the <. haracter of that vessel since she
came upon that route, that she was notoriously
unseawonhy. in the language of one of the in-
spector who hrul given special aUention to her,
and who tesufied that he had known her since she
was brought there from the lakes, she was so rot-
ten and defective that he would riot put a dog on
board of her to go to sea unless he wished to drown
him; and furthermore, that she was not only un-
seaworthy but she was not even suitable to run
upon the North river.
With the knowledge of that fact reported by
the committee to the Senate, and published by the
Senate, and of course within the knowledge of
this department, the quaiterniaster's department
purchased that vessel to run to New Orleans, and
there to be employed in the seivice on the river,
forthe sum of $30,000—paying $30,000 for a ves-
sel known by the department to have been con-
demned as unseaworthv, so rottfn and decayed
as to be unfit for any service atall. An inspector
of the Go voi nment at New York had dec! rued that
her value consisted alone in her iron and her ma-
chinery, and that the whole of it was not worth
over six or seven thousand dollars. With that
knowledge testified to, and reported to the Senate,
and by the Senate published to the country, this
quartermaster purchased her at the sum of $30,000.
That is not all, sir. With this evidence befon--
the country and before the department thus au-
thoritatively by a committee of the Senate, that
committeedccluringas us conclusion that she was
unseawoithy, and that the charter was a fraud on
the Government by the contractor, and ought to
he canceled ond the contractor held to responsi-
bility—with the knowledge of that evidence and
those facts, that quartermaster, since this Con-
gress has convened, has sent an account made up
for her service of some twenty-five thousand dol-
lars to the Comptroller, to be audited and paid this
claimant, when that vessel performed no service
Yes, sir. *,:1
Has it been answered"?' '
It has.
I1 should like to know what
except the service from New York to Philadel-
phia under the circumstances I have related.- *
Sirjl take no especial pleasure" in stating these
facts; but they are facts ascertained by com-
mittee of the Senate.'
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask the Senator Whaler
he did not offer a resolution to inquire into'the
subject some time ago?
Mr. MORRILL. "
Mr. JOHNSON.
Mr. MORRILL.
Mr. JOHNSON.
the answer is. ' :
Mr. MORRILL. I am inquired of by the Sen-
ator from Maryland whether a resolution of in-
quiry was not offered in the Senate someda^s
ago in relation to this subject. There was; and
an answer has been made to the effect that such
an account has been presented but has not been
paid. I have followed the account to the Second
Comptroller and to the Auditor, and'kftow the fact
that the account was sent to'the Second1 Comp-
troller,and'it not being passedand audited there,
was afterwards presented to the Second Auditor.
Since that resolution was introduced into the Sen-
ate it has been withdrawn by the quartermaster.
• Now, in answer to my honorable friend from
California, I suggest that there ought to be some
remedy over the expenditure of these large ap-
propriations which 1 agree the committee is bound
to report to the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I have but a word to say,
sir, on the statement now made by the honorable
Senator from Maine. I cannot conceive, notwith-
standing this important statement that he has
made, that a corrective can bo applied by limiting
the appropriations. 1 do not think the remedy is
there; but I will suggest a remedy.
Mr. MORRILL. If the Senator will pardon
me, I agiee that the remedy is not in that direc-
tion.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well. Then I will take
the responsibility, on the statement made by the
Senator from Maine, of which wc can have no
doubt as it is stated by him, to meet just that
class of cases, and meet them by meeting that one
first; and that is by a resolution passed by this
Senate requesting the President of the United
States to dismiss that officer from the head of the
quartermaster's department. I undertake to say
further, that if the President of the United States
retains such a man in such a position, with such
facts proven, he perverts the executive function;
and finding that that was done, I would then re-
sort to a resolution by the Senate requesting his
dismissal from the public service. 1 am prepared
also, 1 will say further, upon such a state of facts
to introduce sueh a resolution.
Mr. HOWARD. I merely rise to make an in-
quiiy of the Senator from Maine, whether it is
within his knowledge that the facts which he has
]ust narrated have been brought home to the
knowledge of the President of the United States?
Mr. MORRILL. I have no information on
that subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose my colleague
did not mean to say that the QuartermasterGen-
eral personally had anything to do with this, but
some inferior officer in the department.
Mr. MORRILL. I mean to say that what I
have stated was done with the knowledge of the
Quartermaster General, as I understand.
Mr. CONNESS. That is the way I understood
it.
Mr. HOWARD. I concur then cordially with
the suggestion made by the Senator from Califor-
nia, that if these facts are so,and I see no reason
to douhf them, as they are narrated upon the
credit of the Senator from Maine, it is high time
they were laid before the President of the United
States in order that he may exercise his proper
functions upon the case, and dismiss that officer
in disgrace from the service of the United States,
if it shall turn out that these facts are substantially
true.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have nothing to say in
regard to the Quartermaster General of the Uni-
ted States. That is a matter that he mustanswer
upon his official responsibility; bul I wish to call
the attention of the Senate to one very important
departure in the intercourse between the executive
and legislative departments.
When I first became a member of the House of
Representatives the annual letter of the Secretary
