THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
February 12,
of the Treasury always Conveyed, to us the esti-
mates> and the appropriation, .bills were framed
■ upon those estimates. If any.other Department
of the Government called for'appropriations, the
estimates were sent to the Secretary of theTreas-
Airy.to know whether or i^ot they ^ere proper.
• ^hat.was the" practice then. I want to call the
attention of the Senate to this important change.:
The estimates do not now come from the Secre-
tary^ of the Treasury. .None or-very few of the
estimates that are inc}«<ied inithis^ deficiency bill
come- to ws from the Secretary of the Treasury.
At the beginning of the annual estimates -sub-
mitted to us; by the, Secretary of the Treasury
there are estimates for deficiencies amounting to
,$£^180,581 13, That is all that by law the Sec-
*rela?y of the Treasury provided for. He sub-
mits these deficiencies to us,and we are bound to
recognize them as proper, unless Congress thinks
differently. But the whole of the estimates of the
War Department come to us directly, not through
. the Secretary of the Treasury. Whatis theeffect
of it? How can any person, how can any Secre-
tary of the treasury tell what he will be required
to furnish day by day, or month by month, or
year by year?
Mr. FESSENDEN, The Senator is certainly
mistaken. All the deficiencies that were known
at that time were submitted to the Secretary of
the Treasury. These other deficiencies have all
been ascertained since. There was no need of
sending them to the Secretary. Tiiey come di-
rectly to us while the bill is before us.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then this remarkable state
of facts occurs: on the first Monday of Decem-
ber, when these estimates were submittod to us,
there was only a deficiency of $4,180,000; and
in the War Department only a deficicncy of
$156,000. Now,does the Senator see, or can he
see* where all these deficiencies, amounting to
nearly a million dollars, have grown up since this
estimate was submittod to us?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will look
at the bill he will find that there are only two Hums
in it for the War Department. One is that very
#156,000, and the other is for the salary of the
new Secretary, created by a bill which we our-
selves havo passed at this session. That is the
only deficiency that was known.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment last offered
by the Senator from the Committee on Finance
embraced over fifty million dollars for the War
Department. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. Onehundredmillion; and
what are the facts? Did the Senator attend to
the reading of the letter of the Secretary of War?
They comoup in consequence of the proclamation
which the President has issued since that book of
estimates was printed and sent to us calling out
two hundred thousand more men.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ido not think that is a suf-
ficient explanation.
Mr. FESS&NDEN. Here are all the items in
this letter. The Senator can look at them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have seen them. That
is not sufficient to account for this large deficiency.
There is another important consideration. By
the Constitution of the United States the House
of Representatives is the body that must control
the expenditures m a great measure. They are
made the guardians of the public Treasury. This
Senate is not. From its peculiar oiganization it
is supposed not to have charge of financial ques-
tions, taxes, and the like; and therefore it has
been the practice of the Government for appro-
priation bills to originate in the House of Repre-
sentatives. I am not technical about the rights
of the two Houses; but I wish to call attention to
the fact that this communication for these large
expenditures is not sent to the House of Repre-
sentatives, at least until after they have passed the
deficiency bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because it was not known
until after they passed the deficiency bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The deficiency bill came
to us a good many days ago; and how long is it
since that proclamation was issued? 1 am calling
attention to these facts to show that the execu-
tive department does not observe those rules and
restraints which in times of peace have been held
to be necessary, it seems to mo we ought to en-
force those iules.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I take upon myself to
deny the statement made by the honorable Sena-
tor from Ohio entirely. The estimates are made
precisely in the same way under this Administra-
tion that they always have been. All the defi-
ciencies that are known at the commencement of
the year are given to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and by him are sent in, as they have been
heretofore. After the session commences divers
other deficiencies are found; and they always have
been since I have been in Congress; and in the
course of the examination of a deficiency bill we
have communications from the several Depart-
ments stating what they have discovered or what
they want. It is sometimes found, as in this in-
stance, after the committee has reported the bill.
This deficiency bill as originally reported to the
House of Representatives was reported several
weeks since, before the President's proclamation
was issued, and tt passed the House of Repre-
sentatives a fortnight since. The estimates could
not bo made up in an instant. As soon as the
proclamation was issued and the Departments
nod time to turn round they sat down and-mudc
their estimates for Uie expenditures occasioned by
this new proclamation calling out additional men
and sent them here. They are sent to the body
that has the bill in charge—the body is acting
upon it. They weie sent here for the reason that
we had the bill. It is the customary and oidinary
mode of proceeding. I know from my acquaint-
ance with the course of business on the Commit-
tee on Finance that there lias notboen the slightest
departure in any one particular from theordiuarv
course of business about it; and i do not think
my friend from Ohio will be able to point out any
such departure.
As to the principle that lie lays down in regard
to these appropriation bills, I say the House of
Representatives has no more right under the Con-
stitution to originate an appropriation bill than
the Senate itself, and the Senator cannot find it
anywhere. The custom has grown up in the
House to stait them. I am very glad it has, be-
cause it saves me a great deal of labor, and we
have submitted to it. Iiut once since I have been
a member of the Senate we examined this whole
subjectof the constitutional right of the Senate to
originate an appropriation bill, and we decided
here unanimously that we had that right, and we
passed an appropriation bill and sent it to the
House. The House put itself on its dignity.
They did not undertake to say we had not the
right to introduce it, but they laid it on the table,
and sent us back the same bill verbtttini&s it ori-.
ginated with us as a House bill. That is all the
difference. There was no departure from our bill
at all. We submitted to it, because we did not
want to have a quarrel.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Maine
undertakes to correct the statement 1 made, and
he is erroneous m his statement. This bill passed
the Hou.se of Representatives and was sent to us
on the 27th of January, 18G4. I say that nearly
all the items tlmt have been put on this bill weie
within the reasonable knowledge of the War De-
partment, and within the knowledge of these va-
rious Departments, and might have been sent to
the House of Representatives. I know it has
always been a dispute whether the Senate can
oiiginatc an appropriation bill, and that depends
on the construction of the language of the Consti-
tution whether an appropriation bill is a money
bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Constitution uses the
words " revenue bill."
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate there was al-
ways a controversy between the two Houses on
that point. The Senator has referred to the case
where the Senate originated an appropriation bill.
: The House, if 1 remember aright, unanimously
hud that bill on the table, and then took up the
bill seriatim, and sent it back as a House bill.
There was no objection to the items in the bill,
but the House reiused to pass it because it origin-
ated m the Senate.
My only design m calling attention to this sub-
ject was to make this remark, that it is absolutely
impossible for the Government to he corned on
unless there is more information, harmony, and
acquiescence in its various Departments. It is
impossible for the Treasury Department to know
how much money is to be provided for a certain
purpose unless the estimates are submitted to the
Tieasury Department. I know that a practice
has grown up recently of throwing these deficien-
cies into either House by*bureaus and by heads
of Departments. I have notcomplained of it, but
only wish to show that it is not in accordance
with the original practice of the Government,
and 1 think the correct practice of the Govern-
ment.
Mr-. HALE. I simply rise to ask what is the
question before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment submitted by the
Senator from New Hampshire
Mr. HALE. Let the amendment be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
For temporary storehouse for provisions at the Boston
navy-yard. $2,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. The statement made by my
friend from Maine [Mr. Morrill] 'affects the
character of an officer of this Government with
whom I have had some personal acquaintance for
many years, and for many more.years an official
acquaintance. This is the first time that 1 ever
heard he was ever suspected of doing anything
designedly wrong; and it was therefore that I
asked my friend from Maine whether the resolu-
tion of inquiry had been answered and how it had
been answered. I have not seen the answer. I
understand, however, the answer to be that the
money was not paid; that the account sent in by
the deputy quartermaster to be audited and set-
tled had not been paid. Now if the honorable
member from Maine spoke from his own personal
knowledge, that the acts which he has detailed to
us were known to the Quartermaster General,
and that he authorized the purchase of th^vessel,
it would present him in an attitude in which it
would be the duty of the President of the United
States I think at once to interfere by his removal.
1 do not understand the honorable member to
state that he has any personal knowledge on the
subject at all. He supposes that the Quartermas-
ter General" was informed, first, of the appoint-
ment of the committee, and, second, of the result
of the investigation, and that he purchased the
vessel with that knowledge. Now I cannot sup-
pose that there was actual knowledge brought
home to him before the vessel was purchased that
these acts had been done. The transactions in
that department are so numerous that I can very
readily believe an investigation into any particular
transaction is not at all times in the mind of the
Quaitermastcr General. I should be very unwill-
ing to believe, without proof which would leave
the mind fiee fiom ail doubt, that the Quarter-
master General, who has reached now a life of
some fifty years, was capable of a transaction so
gross as that which has been stated by the Sena-
tor, provided he was acquainted with all the facts.
I only rose for the purpose of saying that when
the credit of an officerof the Government, whether
he be a high officer o\• a low officer, is impeached
on the floor of the Senate, it is but just—and no-
body, 1 am sure, would recognize the justice of it
moie readily than the honorable Senator from
Maine—that he should have an opportunity of
defending himself in some way or other.
Now, in relation to the other matter stated by
my friend from Ohio as to the mode in which
these estimates are sent in, I think the trouble
arises very much from what I understand is a
i practice, so far as I know, for the first time adopted
by the present Administration. From what I
can leain they have no Cabinet meetings. I do
not know what the practice of General Washing-
tonAdmimstiation was; but in all the ante-
! ccdent Administrations, except, perhaps, his and
; that of Mr. Adams, nothing was done of a gen-
| oral nature which affected the country at large,
! more particularly when the country should hap-
] pen to be in a state of war, which was not brought
j home to the knowledge of every member of the
j Cabinet,and his opinion taken as to the influence of
! a particular measure proposed upon his own Dc-
i partment, as well as his opinion upon the propriety
j of measutes with leference to the country at large.V
! I understand that the practice which "has been
| adopted by this Administration is, when the Sec-
; rotary of State wants to effect anything in his
j Department he comes and speaks to the President
| tor himself, and the first knowledge any other
! member of the Cabinet gets of what is going on
! is when he sees it in the newspapers; and so m
relation to the other members of the Cabinet.
I have no potential voice with the President.
If I had I would try to-keep him in a path much
