1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
practical understanding of every member of the
House 'that these exasperating- denunciations
against me were but the collusive pretexts for the
systematic outlawryyou are here called upon to
repair and redress? It was not in this case, as
was suggested in extenuation of an alleged im-
pulsive patriotism in the pievious cases, but it
was the calculating and systematic strategy by
which one portion of the people were to be ap-
palled and practically divested of their franchise,
to the end that the candidate in whose interest it
was conceived and executed might thereby ob-
tain the certificate of a Congressman while wholly
unable to obtain the vote of a Congressman.
When it is borne in mind that to be thus banned
by the military and judiciary as a "traitor" or
" a secessionist" was equivalent in that district
to such oppressions and penis that even the brav-
est might hesitate to incur such enmities as fore-
shadowed the revenges of mil-itary assessments,
imprisonments, and assassinations, could it be
possible to have even devised a moie eij^ctive
system of cooperative and all-embracing intimi-
dation, or one more emphatically to be repre-
hended and redressed, than that which is devel-
oped m the record before you?
That the meeting at which these outrages were
so distinctly and unredressively foreshadowed
was essentially a partisan and a military one, sat-
isfactory testimony will be found in the deposi-
tion of a witness who resided in another county,
and who was hence not afraid to testify, for the
reason which I have satisfactorily established be-
fore the committee for having failed to procure
direct or resident testimony as to this and several
other conn tick of the district. At pages 15 and
16, Williamson P. Gibson testifies, as follows:
"Fiom the nature of my business I have been a good
deal in and through the counties of Itay, Carroll and Chari-
ton during the p.i^t year; have sojourned considerably in
Cairollton and its vicinity, and have become acquainted,
personally and otherwise,'with the sentiments, opinions,
and callings of a number of the leading men in different
paits of the county.
"Question by contestant. Do you know the public posi-
tions which were held, respectively, by William Stnnard,
George Pauison, Samuel Winfrey. Samuel Turner, O. J.
Knbv, James Minnis, Levi Shin, James O'Gorman, and
Lieutenant David Utt, on oi about the 1st of October, 1862?
"Jlnswer. Having been in Carrollton shortlyaftera pub-
lic meeting luid be< n held, in which Judge ijiich and his
fi lends weie denounced a*, secessionist!!, my recollection
is that all these names were mentioned as having been
leadeis in that meeting, as Mends of Governor King, and
that in some manner or other they all belonged to the mili-
tary police of the county, and that therefoie the resolu-
tions and declarations of the meeting would be earned out.
I am not personally acquainted with ail the gentlemen,
but during subsequent visits lo Canollton 1 have learned
that Sinnaid. Winftey, and Hhui constituted the board of
military u^e^or*; that Minnis was the provost marshal
for the, county; that Kit by was the adjutant of the regi-
ment of em oiled Missouu militia for that county; that Utt
was lieutenant in one of the companies, (not Stanley's;)
th.it O'Goiman was a piivate in Stanley's company; that
Turner was (as he yet is) the sheriff of the county. Pat-
tison wa-acandidate for the Legislature, and was elected.
I am satisfied that the information I have received upon
this subject is correct, and that the proceedings of that
meeting had the downing effect they were intended to
have, in deterring the friends of Judge Birch from making
any lurthei effort in his behalf, and of keeping them from
the polls on the day of the election
"Question by contestant. Have you heaid such an ex-
pression of opinion among the people of that county as to
have youtselt formed an opinion as to what would have
been the relative strength ofKingand Birch had the elec-
tion been a free and (air one?
('J2nswer. All with whom I have conversed upon the sub-
ject, including one of the prominent friends of Governor
Kins, expressed the opinion unhesitatingly that the political
position of Judge Birch was more acceptable to a majority
of the people of the county than King's wa«=; and that he
would have received that majority had the people felt that
they were free to vote for him, without danger at the polls
or otherwise. Such al«o we.ie the opinions T have heard
E-nnllarly expressed in passing, on the same business,
thiough the adjoining counties of Ray and Chariton, and f
concur in those opinions. Jn the election canvass,Judge
JT5neh seemed eveiywhcre to have the countenance of the
constitutional or pio-slavery parly, while the support of
Governor K>ng seemed to proceed mainly fiom what was
termed the radical party, though he and they seem to have
become l.idieally antagonistic within the last few months.
" Question by contestant. Have you heard Captain Stan-
ley converse recently in respect to the part he took against
Ditch, when in command of Carroll, as published in con-
nection with the proceedings of the meeting you have al-
luded to? If so please state the substance of his conver-
sation.
"Jlnsv er. I have heard him speak of the part he thus
took against Kirch, and say he would not do so if the thing
was to do over again. This was not long since, and was
sDoken by Stanley in connection with the course King was
pursuing toward the ladicals, who claim that he has de-
seiteil them after they had elected him. Stanley does not
command at Carrollton now, but does at Uuca."
It having been previously established that the
persons thus identified were, respectively, the
chairman, secretary, and committee-men of the
meeting under consideration, nothing need of
course be added in respect to the object it was in-
tended to accomplish, and which it did accom-
plish. But when in connection with this it is
taken into consideration (page 40) that Pattison,
who was the spokesman and secretary of this un-
lawful and mdictabletriob, was appointed u year
afterwards by the sitting member to be the spokes-
man or foreman of a giand jury, which had bgen
summoned by the sheriff of his court (another
committee-man) as the last ono which was per-
mitted" by the limitation law of our State to even
investigate this widespread defiance of our elec-
tion laws; and when it is seen by the deposition
of the prosecuting attorney, at page 39, that the
judge was everywhere .significantly silent in his
charges to the grand juries m respett to these
audacious outrages upon the freedom of election,
and that consequently no indictment was any-
wheie found against any of his supporters and
sympathizers—when all this is seen and reflected
upon, the duty of redressing this all-embracing
and demoralizing public enme in the only man-
ner which pertains to the national dignity and
authority would seem too imperative for either
party parley or additional elaboration.
Passing, therefore, to the county of Saline, it
will be seen by a comparison of the dates which
are mentioned by the witnesses, respectively, that
the extended publication which was ordered to be
made of these military proceedings in Carroll had
been "just in time'' to beget a corresponding
avowal of violence toward the supporters of the
contestant in other counties, of which the follow-
ing depositions may be permitted to speak for
themselves.
William Ii. Lightfoot testifies as follows:
"About the middle of October last Lieutenant Colonel
William A. Wilson, in command of the miliua of Saline
county, put up at the   Sedaha House,'of which I am clerk.
The conversation turning upon the subject of the congres-
sional election then pending in the sixth congressional dis-
tiict, Colonel Wils>on publicly declared his intention to-ar-
rest any man in Saline county who voted forjudge Birch,
as a traitor, and punish him as a traitor."
And Eli L. Heeding, as follows:
"I am a merchant, and reside at Cambudge, Saline
county, Missouri, and have resided in that place and vi-
cinity tor the last nineteen years. On the d.iy of the elec-
tion 1 was at Marshall, (the county seat,) and went to the
polls, with five other gentlemen, to vote. A ucket had
ju*t been read out for Mr. Samuel and the State and county
oftuets, when f presented ntysWl and remaikod that I
would vote the same ticket, substituting only the name of
Judge Birch for Conjic^ instead of Mr. Samuel. Upon
saying this, one of the. judges of the election replied to me
that it T voted for Birch I would be put in pii^rm befoie
sundown, i asked if that was the fact; and upon his re-
plying very earnestly in the affirmative, J told him r would,
under those circumstances, vote for Mr. Samuel; and my-
self and the five other gentlemen cast our votes accoidingly.
Judge Bitch seemed to be the accepted candidate of the
constitutional or pto-shiverv party of my county, and I en-
tertain no doubt whatever lit at, in a (rep election, he would
have greatly outvoted Governor King."
It is deemed but necessary to add in this con-
nection, that the congressional vote in this county
was 543, (of which I received but 52,) against a
presidential vote of 1,964 votes; of which more
anon.
I will direct your attention in the next place to
the county of Caldwell where, also, the sitting
member continued to be " the judge;" and here,
too, it will be quite sufficient to permit the depo-
sition of a single unimpeached and intelligent wit-
ness to speak for itself. It reads as follows:
"I reside at Kingston, Caldwell county, Missouri; ama
physician and surgeon by profession, and the proprietor oi
a drugstore m King-ton. I have had ample means of un-
derstanding the public sentiment of my county In respect
to the recent congressional election between James II.
Bit eh and Austin A. King, and lepeat the opinion f have so
often and undoubtingly expressed that but lor the judicial
and military teiioiisni which was brought to bear against
him, Judge Birch would have received a majority of the
votes of that county. I \va" present and listened to the
speech of Austin A. King, one of the candidates* for Con-
gress, and then and vet the judge of this judicial circuit.
That speech was deliveied on the fir^t day ot the October
term of the Caldwell circuit court, being, as i believe, the
first Monday m October last. At many points in that
speech he used language of gteat seventy in reference to
that class of citizens whom he suspected of be.mg unfavoi-
able to his election, denouncing them as rebel.-, disloyal-
ists, and sympathizers, who had forfeited their right to
vote, and would not be peimitted tovote. It was distinctly
stated in his speech that those who had been or should be
enrolled on the disloyal list, or as southern sympathizer^,
would not be allowed tovote; or if they should attempt
it, and even succeed in doing so by having to take the pre-
liminary oath, they would perjure themselves, and would
be liable to indictment bythe grand jury .of the eounty,and
punished, accordingly. Th^se aud similar stateinepts and
denunciations were,made in the presence of the onrolled*
militia then stationed at Kingston, and were fallowed by
the most unequivocal menaces on-the part o&said militia
toward those citizens, whom in many instances tltey.Very
unjustly charged with being disaffected or disloyal. Per-
sons in mahy instances who had always been orderly and
law-abiding citizens, if suspeeted to be friendly to'theeled-
tion of Judge Birch, wore thtw insulted, intimidated', attd
oppressed by said militia or with their countenance. in;di-
vots ways. The sole object seemed to bo to deter
from coming to the polls to cast their votes agreeably to
tiieir wishes; and they'were so deterred almost in a body.
J "Was myself of the number, and cannot be mistaken in
what I am stating. 1 had previously for simply extending
to Judge Birch the courtesies of a gentleman and former
acquaintance been most rudely insulted and mistreated by,
the military friends of Governor King while simply attend-
ing in the most quiet and orderly maimer to the business of
my profession.
" For many weeks pending the election contest it was
publicly stated by, the friends of Judge King, and by the
military who were' in his interest, that Judge Birch was a
tebel, and that all of his friends were such, and eould not
live in the county, and would be banished the county or
put outof the way; and since the election, some of the best
citizens have left the county, or are pieparirijpo do so at
gteat sacnfices. m otdei to avoid, if possible, the fearful'
consequences which they have been made to apprehend.
Judge Bitch had himself narrowly escaped secretassassin-
ntioh at the hands of two of the military friends of King, (as
was witnessed and believed by myself and two other gen-'
tleinen who happened to be riding with Jrim awayN'rom
Kingston, alter 4 e had spoken in reply to King, at the Oc-
tober com t,) and so notorious and so desperate was the open
partisanship of this class of thcfiiends of Judge King,that
scarce any man felt himself safe in being even suspected to
be the friend or supporter of Judge Birch. A reign of un-
paralleled teiror was thus inaugurated and kept up until
after the election was over, resulting as already stated ;
every feasible means having been apparently resorted toby
Judge King and his friends to frighten, harass, and intimi-
date every citizen who was even suspected of being op-
posed to his election to Congress. *
"As already stated, it was by the inspiration of an al-
most universal terror tluoughout the county that the fi ienda
ot Birch were cither silenced and kept from the polls or,
in many instances, overawed and constrained to vote for
King. Instances of the latter description came under my
personal observation on the day of election at Kingston,
and still other instances have been repoited to me by the
parties themselves. Others, friends of Biich, less intimi-
dated than the great body of them had been who stayed at
home, came to Kingston to vote for him, but relinquished
the idea and returned home, after hearing and seeing the
condition of things by which they were overshadowed
and deterred. Men with but little property and large fam-
ilies weic made to fear that it would be pressed or taken
Ironi them by the military if they voted foi Birch, and men
of larger means that they would be additionally assessed;
and all this, it was argued, would be but naturally upheld
by King, as the continuing judge. I may safely add to
this, (such had been the conduct and such the denuncia-
tions of a portion of the militia,) that the additional fear of
assignation, conspiring with the fear of indictments,
icndered the election in my county the most f quiet attd
ordeily' I ever witnessed,butit was emphatically the quiet
of despotism upon the side which had nil the arms ot the
county in their hands, and ot submission upon the side
which had been wholly disarmed, and who consequently
felt themselves at the feet of their intolerant oppressors,
who everywhere denounced and prevented either a lair or
a full election. If I have, in hastily thiowing together the
foregoingstatements, spoken too warmly, it is because tho
outiages to which I have adverted are yet fresh hi my
•memory, and that of hundieds of my countrymen, who
were pio^eiibed and overawed as I have attempted to de-
scribe. And the only regret for which I feel myself re-
sponsible is, that mv pen is inadequate to more iu!ly de-
scribe the condition to which we weie riduccd. It will,
pcihaps, suffice to add that it was sueh, in all Its concur-
ring circumstances and surroundings, that our candidate
for Con-'rCbS received but thirty-two votes In the county,
one ot two of which (alone) werecast at the county seat;
and that, as already stated, he was, in our estimation, the
pieference and'the choice of a majority of the legal voters
of the county."
Having thus grouped together the testimony
which has specific relation to four out of the ten
counties of the district, it is deemed appropriate
to the simplification of the issue to draw attention
at this point to the fact that by_ the rejection of the
poll of these counties a lone, it would leave the
contestant with a majority of 214 votes in the re-
maining counties of the district—the vote of those
remaining counties not thus unquestionably inval-
idated being officially certified as fallows:
Birck. King,
Chariton  277 330
Clay   
Clinton  463 273
Jackson   «-b
La Fayette  J 4 *>o
   87'
Totals   |H a:ta9
Such being the aggregate footings of the elec-
tion, and such, of course, sufficiently suggesting,
at least, its recommittal to the people, such addi-
tional testimony as I may be permitted to throw
together by the courtesy of the House will be
