1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1667
not fluctuate in price high and low because they
gamble in it; but they gamble in it because it fluc-
tuates, and they cannot help it. Can any man
suppose that gamblers would agree u>stake money
upon a contingency which they knew to be within
the control of either one of them? It seems tome
such a supposition is perfect nonsense. If these
men who are dealing, trading, and trafficking,
gambling, if you please, in gold, knew that each of
them could raise it up or puii it down, that it was
in any way within their control, do you suppose
they would ventuie their money upon it? Not
at all. it is the subject-matter of gambling be-
cause it is in itself beyond their control, fluctua-
ting, which operation depends upon a variety of
considerations—fluctuating in price as compared
with the currency, which currency itself fluctu-
ates m proportion to the volume of it and in pro-
portion to the prospect of national success. A
great many other elements may enter it which it
is not necessary now to mention. But the fluc-
tuation is not in the gold; the fluctuation is in the
currency, and it is a fluctuation utterly beyond
the contiul of individuals. This gold ring, if you
call it so—i do not know what the name of it is—
this set of gamblers in New York meeting in their
own way cannot control the relative price of gold
and euirency. The idea is thrown out that by
stopping them in their gambling you will stop the
fluctuation. It seems to me perfectly obvious that
the thing is entirely the other way.
ft is suggested to me, and perhaps it may be
true—I have not looked into that—thatthe amount
of fluctuation may be magnified or reduced by
the efforts of the people engaged in this trade.
Now, I can meieiy say that if that is true, it is
just as tiue of any other mateual article of trade
as ofgold.
Mr. COWAN. It can be put down as well
as up.
Mr. COLLAMER. The inducement may be
to keep it up or down, and when two men make
such a risk, one has just as much inducement to
reduce as the other has to elevate it; and if their
efforts are alike and their influence alike, they
will balance each other.
Now, Lake the article of flour. Will not flour
fluctuate in its pi ice as compared with cutrency,
as that currency itself is affected by the different
elements which I have mentioned? Of course it
will. If I make a contract, in writing, if you please,
to remove it from all questions about the old
statute of frauds and perjuries, with my biother
Fessenden that if he will deliver to me a thou-
sand barrels of flour on the 1st (Jay of July next
I will pay him $7,000 in currency therefor, what
is that contract ? Is there anything unlawful in
it? Certainly not. Have I not then a direct in-
ducement to use my best effoits to make that
cunency as low as I can by next July when I
have that money to pay5 Have: I not precisely
the snme i nd ucement as if I had made that arrange-
ment for the delivery of gold? If there is any
difference, 1 should like to have it pointed out.
The same may be said of every essential and
material uiticle of trade. It is a very common
thing in the vicinity of where f live, in anticipa-
tion of the clip of wool, as we call it, sheanng
time, foi a man to go to a wool-grower and say,
"If you will deliver me your clip of wool on the
1st day of July next I will pay you one dollar a
pound m currency for it;'* and the writing is
made accordingly. Now, clearly, if the man who
thus agreed in wilting to deliver the wool should
riot do it, the other man would recover the differ-
ence of price at the time of delivery between the
actual pi ice in the market and what he was to
pay. If the question should arise, and the man
should not deliver the wool, he would recover
that balance. If it foils, and he does deliver it,
and the man will not pay for it,.he could recover
the balance. Now, there is nothing in thatcon-
tiaet which I have mentioned about wool that 1
have heard suggested as being an unlawful one,
or even a gambling one; and if it were a gambling
eontiaa it would be unlawful.
Mi. President, I am well aware that the piecise
definition of gambling contracts has fluctuated a
gieat deal at different times in the world. Differ-
ent Stalts have not always holden precisely the
same rule in lelalnm to them. The general prin-
ciple is, that if there he a contract, an agreement
made depending upon a contingency in and about
a subject-matter in which the parties have no in-
terest except what they make by their bargain,
that is a gambling contract and it is unlawful; but
the courts have not always so hoiden. Suppose
I say to the Senator fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cqwan], " How much wiliyou insuie me a quar-
ter of such a ship on a voyage to Liverpool for?"
supposing the quarter to be worth $10,000. He
says to me, " Do you own any quarter there?"
" No, I do not own anything there; but what is
that to you? If I pay you a premium that is a
reasonable one, and such as you are willing to re-
ceive, and you insure for me, interest or no in-
terest, what is that to you ?" Suppose he enters
into that contract. That is a gambling contract.
I had no interest in the ship. If I had made the
insurance on a ficiitious ship, it would have been
worse yet. Neither of us have any interest in
either of these, except what is made by the con-
tract. That makes the contract itself a wager.
Now,in this case, if a man should make an
agreement with another to take a quantity of gold
at a certain late of price at a future day, when he
had no gold, it would be a wageung contract;
and under the genera! principles of law, as I un-
derstand them, a court would so hold, if they
should go there; but the difficulty is that they
never do go there. These folks never resort to
the courts. You never hear of a case in the
couits from them, and theie never will be. If a
man does not live up to his agreements in their
circle, he is read out of theboard; heisexpelled;
as the common term is, he is black-balled; he is
putin Coventry. They never resoi tto law about
it. I believe ihey are so utteily lawless that I
have no idea that if we make any law about it
the courts will ever be appealed to one way or
the other. It is a matter which they always set-
tle in their own way; and hence 1 believe this bill
will be entirely inoperative.
I did not mean to occupy even so much time as I
have upon the question of whether this bill would
be good for anything. My opinion is that it is one
of those devices which, when piessed, men will
resort to to get along in troubles which, in their
nature, they arc incapable of affecting, and the
expgtience of the world shows it. But for the
remarks that were made yesterday I should not
have troubled the Senateeven with these remai ks
on the subject,perhaps, butshould havecontented
myself with a silent vote if no other obstacle had
been interposed, and allowed the Secretary, if he
wanted to do so, to try it. I have no doubt in the
world that it is well intended, but still my view of
! it is such as I have expressed.
I But, Mr. President, there is another difficulty.
I Contiacts have their obligation determined by the
i lex loci contractus; and if a contract is a good and
: lawful one whcie it is made, it can l e enforced
anywhere before any court of competent jurisdic-
, tion; but, to bo sure, in enforcing it, it is subject
! to the lex loci fori. In considering that cositiaet
I it is construed according to the law under which
! it was made; in executing it, whether by seizing
, the body or taking the piopeity, or whether the
| statute of limitations applies, oi anything of that
kind, depends on the laws of the place to which
the court belongs.
! Now, let us take some of these contiacts us an
illustration. Take, for instance, if you please,
the contract I have mentioned about w ool—a good,
lawful contract by the laws under which it is
| made. Can Congiess say that, inasmuch as the
i contract to pay the money for that wool on a future
! day made it dncctly the interest of the puichaser
! to depreciate the public cunency, therefore if shall
; be void? If all the contracts m lelation to that
' subject weie made in the same way—and a great
! many of them aie made in the way I have men-
! Honed—and \\ ere all put together, it would be in-
fluence enough to affect the cunency. Theie ate
I eighty million pounds of wool raised and sold in
. this countiy annually, at fiom fifty cents to one
; dollar a pound—it is worth a doliar probably now
! —and if that were put together it would be money
1 enough, if used by those who are interested in de-
1 predating it for that particular subject, to be felt
' and appreciated by the countiy m its currency.
Can it be possible that Congiess have the power
1 to declare that contract, and all contiacts of that
' chaiacter made for sale; upon a ciedit to bo paid
; at a futuie day, because those consequences may
| be incut red of a depreciation of the cut rency, void
' in all the States of the Union ? Whether the con-
I tract is for flour or for tobacco or for whisky or
beef or pork or wheat, be it what-it may, espe-
cially if it is on a very large scale, can weou the
ground that we suspect or really believe that it
will affect the curiency, make a law to forbid it,
and put an end to it, and to all credit for the same
reason ?
Such is the sweep of what is claimed in this
bill. It is claimed tjiat we can vacate, declare
void and unlawful, a contract made for the pur-
chase of gold at a day to come, deliverable there-
after. You might just as well declare all the con-
tracts I have mentioned to be void. Sir, we should
bear in mind that the great contracts which are
now made by our Government for its Army sup-
plies are made with people who have not those
articles. A man will contract with the Govern-
ment to deliver to them, if you please, ten thou-
sand barrels of flour. He has not a barrel of flour
on hand; but he contracts to deliver Jt at a certain
time, and then to be paid a certain sum. He has
to go and make contracts with people who have
flour or who can get it for delivery at a future
day as he wants, and to be paid for at a future
day, and all this subject to the fluctuations of the
currency, agreeing with them upon the price. He
has to run the uslc whether it should rise or fall..
He is made directly interested in proportion to the
size of his contract in endeavoring to depreciate
the currency, that he may meet his contract easily.
Mr. President, it will next be observed that if
Congress has the power to declare those contracts
which are lawful in the States in which they are
made, unlawful and even criminal, it follows as
a necessary corollary that they have the right
to declare this sort of contracts and proceedings
made by the people in the different States, which
aie unlawful by the laws of the States themselves,
lawful. The one is a necessary corollary of the
other power. If any State sees fit, for instance,
acting as wisely (in the opinion of some gentle-
men) as the State of Maine and some others have
done, to prohibit the sale of intoxicating liquors,
Congress can repeal it. If the States pass laws
of Mat kind in relation to contracts which they
regard as contra bonos mores, are they subject
always to be overruled by Congress fiom time
to tune if Congress think that they in any way
affect the national public interest'
Sir, I am not prepared to subscribe to a doc-
tune of this kind, and I ask to be informed what
delegated power theicis in the Constitution under
which it can be done. I understand the Consti-
tution of the United States to delegate *to the
Governmentof the United States CCTtam definite,
defined powers, with the incidental power to pass
all necessary laws to cat ly those poweis into
effect. 1 undeistand futlher that Congiess pos®
senses no powers but what are there contained;
for it is provided in it that anything not therein
contained is actually reserved fiom them. If that
be the clear, plain meaning of the Constitution*
I desiic to be enlightened on the subject of the
power of Congress to pass such a measure as this,
and that desire 1 ..express m great sincerity, i do
not moan that I should be put off with answers
that ate ingeuiousdevices,contiivances,and eva-
sions. I want to be answeied as a mun of ordi-
nal y discernment is entitled to be answered.
Where is the power *
1 can meieiy say that if men derive the power
fiom two, tinec  or four different places in the
Constitution, that proves that the power is not
theie at all. I do not mean that there may not be
the same thing given in two places; but if they
are distinct and independent grounds of power,
one of them does not contain the other at all.
They are each carefully provided in our Consti-
tution, carefully diaw n. There was no such ex-
igency about it that the same power was put in
different places. ..
I have heaid it suggested that this power is
derived from the powei to regulate commerce. 1
do not remember from whom that suggestion
came; but I heard U m the couise of the debate
yesteiday. Why, sit, what is the power granted
to Congress to icgulate commerce ? Is there such
a giant of power, with that and no more than
that ? Theie 18 not any such grant, There is a
giautof powerto Congiess to regulate commerce
with foreign nati-Mis, with the Indian tribes, and
between the States; but theie is no power m Con-
gress to regulate trade between A and B, between
individuals in the same State. They cannot regu-
late who may buy and who may sell of or to the
