2644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
with a view of additionally demonstrating that the
judicial and military overawing which is charged
upon the*sitting member and his partisans was
not only collusive and systematic, but operated
to the practical exclusion of indefinite thousands
whose only crime consisted in preferring that the
Contestant, instead of the sitting member, should
represent them in this national forum. As this,
however, furnishes but an additional or a cumu-
lative reason why such an election should atleast
be stamped as a nullity, I of course cast myself
upon the courtesy of the House, in the hope that
I may be patiently listened to for that purpose
while reading from a few pages more. They will
have relation mainly to my own county, where
the sitting member was also "the judge," and
where my majority was cut down to 198 instead
of" at least 400," as—it will presently be listened
to—it probably would have beentiad it not been
for the ujudicial and military terrorism" which
I have charged upon the sitting member, and
which'is additionally disclosed in the following,
testimony.
At page 20 John W. Morela'nd corroborates
the testimony of Judge Viglini, which I read half
an hour or more ago, as follows:
t( I am a resident 0f Clinton county, Missouri; am the
representative elect of this county to tiie next General As-
sembly of the State; joined the military sorvicc in accom-
pany of three years' United States volunteers in Novem-
ber, 1861, and was honorably discharged on the lOtii of
August Inst, on account of physical disability. 1 was
present at the opening of the October circuit court for the
county of Clinton, and heard Austin A. ICing, a candidate
for Congress, and being at the time, as he yet is, the cir-
cuit judge for this judicial circuit, make a speech as a can-
didate aforesaid. Among other things, he declared that
the rebels iiad no rights which any honest man ought to
respect; that the men who had enrolled on the disloyal
list, as he phrased it, ought not and would not be permitted
to vote; and that if they did vote they would ho guilty of
perjury and would be indicted. The whole tenor of his
speech was calculated to inflame the militia then in camp
and under arms, and to incite them to interfere at the elec-
tions and prevent men from voting. I subsequently heard
leading officers and members of the militia declare that no
man enrolled asn sympathizer should vote. The Impres-
sion which he (King) seemod anxious to make upon the
poopte was. that no sympathizer would be permitted to
vote, or, if he was permitted to vote, lie would be indicted
far perjury, under his instructions to the grand jury ; and
this was believed by a great many."
On the same page and the following one James
D. Vanhook testifies as follows:
" I am a physician and surgeon, and reside in the town
of Plattsburg, Clinton county* Missouri. t hcaid the elec-
tioneering speech of Austin A. King at the October term,
1882, of the circuit court of said county. His views in re-
lation to the settlement of our present difficulties wore of
a radical character, being opposed to all compromise until
thcrebelslaid down their arms; while those of Judge Birch
(whose speech t also henid) were in favor of an adjustment
on the basis of the Crittenden compromise^ or its equiva-
lent. In otherrespects the spirit and tenor of King's speech
was calculated to exasperate and excite the mihtia of the
county,who were geneially favorable to his election, against
the men who were styled southern sympathizers, and who
had been enrolled hy military authoiity on what was called
the, disloyal list, (and who were undfistoodto be favorable
to the election or Judge Birch,) and to induce them to so
interpose their bayonets ai the polls or clsewhcic as to pre-
vent such sympathizer fVom voting. He stated Jn his
speech distinctly that southern sympathizer had no right
to vote, and that if they did vote they wquld lay themselves
liable to be Indicted at the noxt session of the giand jury."
On page 21 Henry Essig testifies as follows:
" I am a physician and surgeon, and reside in the town
of Plattsburg, Clinton county, Mi^omi, and have icsidcd
there for the last twenty-six years. J heard Austin A.
King make an electioneering speech at the court-house
during the October term, I8u2, ot the circuit court of Clin-
ton county. He was speaking as a candidate for Congress,
and that portion of his speech which related to the present
disturbed condition of the country was calculated to deter
those persons who were denominated southern sympathis-
ers from voting nt the November election, (then approach-
ing) particularly those who were enrolled on what he
(King) denominated the disloyal list, ills object seemed
to be to incite the mihtia (who were generally in his favor)
to interfere in such a manner as to prevent southern sym-
pathizers from coming to the polls or offering to vote ; but
seeming to fear that this might not be sufficient to keep
them awuy, he labored to impress it upon the audience
that all of that class who did vote would commit perjuiy,
and would be liable to indictment, and that they would be
indicted * cannot, of course, recall his pi cose expressions,
but they were of the purpoit above stated, and the em-
phasis, countenance, and gestures with which he accom-
panied his expressions could leave no doubt upon any one
that he designed that \hU cla?s ot' voters should be over-
awed from voting, from the double fear of the mihtia and
the court of winch he wa> judge. Judge Bach (who was
one of the competitor* ot Judge King for Congress) was
regarded as a Union man, and was voted tor accordingly
by Union men, (myseit among the number,) while The
more just and liberal ground which lie took in respect to
the manner of restoring the Union gave him the genera!
countenance and support of what were called southern
men or southern sympathizers, or, as Judge King called
them, disloyalists. He was emphatic in his declarations
that rebels had no rights, and hence had no right to vote;
and he used the term'rebel' and ( southern sympathiz-
ers' on the disloyal list as synonymous, when inveighing
against their right to vote."
On the same and the following page, Colum-
bus Jones testifies as follows:
'{I am a farmer, residing about three miles from Platts-
hurg, Clinton county, Missouri. It was my misfortune, at
the commencement of the present political troubles, to kill
a citizen, who was a secessionist, in an affray growmgout
of a dispute upon questions involved in the present civil
war. Judge King was then practicing law, and I employed
him to defend me. At our last circuit court (in October
last) he took me aside, after he had made his speech as a
candidate for Congress, and after calling my attention to
the balance I was owing him as his tee, entered into con-
versation with me about the election. In that conversa-
tion he stated to me with great earnestness that a south-
ern sympathizer had no more rights than a slave; that they
had no right to vote, and would not be allowed to vote;
that they were rebels, and if they did vote they would per-
jure themselves. lie said the militia would be on hand;
and it was through them that I undoistood him to mean
that the rebels or sympathizers would not be permitted to
vote; but that if any of them did vote they would perjure
themselves and be handled for it. I was not in the court-
house when he made his speech ; but from the whole drift
of his conversation to me J was given to understand that
it would not he safe for a southern man to attempt to vote,
much less to actually vote. After King's speech I heard
several militiamen say that they would back hlin in his
vievva ; that a rebel or a sympathizer had no right to vote,
and should not vote. Hie militia from all parts of the county
were then encamped at Plattsburg."
On pages 22 and 23, William Morris testifies
as follows:
" I reside in the town of Plattsburg, Clinton county,
Missouii, and have done so for the last twenty years. I
was a candidate for a county judgeship at the recent elec-
tion, and mingled much with the people, privately and
publicly, in all parts of the county. I have no doubt, from
all I saw and heard, that a great number of people were
deterred from voting in the iccent election—enough, had
they all voted, to have given Judge Birch at leastfour hun-
dred majority lor Congress in this county. The reasons,
in my opinion, why so many staid away from the polls
were mainly referable to the declarations of Governor
King and the militia, impugning the right of southern sym-
pathizers to vote, ami threatening them with the conse-
quences. Quite a number fold me they would go forward
and offer to vote, but that they did nor want to be insulted
and refused, i heaul the speech of Governor King, (Aus-
tin A.,) who was a candidate for Congress, at the October
term of the Clinton circuit court. The attendance was
large, including a number from seveial ot the adjoining
counties of the district. His speech was extremely ultra,
especially in respect to that class of citizens who were de-
nominated southern sympathizers, who had to bo enrolled
on what he called the disloyal lift. He  aid such men had
no right to vote, and would not be permitted to vote; or
that if they were permitted to vote they would commit
perjury and be liable to indictment and punishment ac-
cordingly, and that all that would be pioporly seen to.
There grew up, in consequence, u general impression that
it was hot safe for a southern sympathizer to vote, espe-
cially for Birch, for whom, it was generally understood,
tluiy were inclined to vote ; and, as I have already stated,
I am satisfied that many such staid away from the polls
entirely, especially at the Cameion precinct, where I was
on the day of the election. On the morning of the elec-
tion { went into Cameron with John Snow, one of the
judges of the election. He remarked, in the course of con-
vocation as we went to town, that so far a  he was con-
cerned, no mau who sympathized with the South, or ever
lmd done'so, could vote at Hho Cameron polls, of which
he was one ot the judges. There was a squad of militia
in town, understood to be theic to 'look after the elec-
tion;' and, as already stated, it was understood that sym-
pathizers would not be allowed to vote, or that if they did
vote they would be liable to indictment. I staid there
'until about two o'clock, up to which time Judge Birch had
received but one vote."
On the same page, George W. Davis testifies
as follows:
" I am a fanner, residing In the neighborhood of Miller's
Mill, a voting precinct hi Clinton county, Missouri, and was
at the election which was held at that precinct on the 4th
of November last. Only between sixty and seventy votes
were polled theic at that election. At the pluvious elec-
tion, two years before, 221 votes were given ihere. From
my general acquaintance with the people of the township,
my opinion isthat Governor King icceived the votes of all
who were favoiable to his election, while gicdt numbeis
of those known to bo luendly to the election of Judge
Birch lefrained from going to the polls at all. Having heard
the -speech that was made bj Governor King, at the court-
house in Platt^buig, some foui weeks before the election,
together with what was underwood to be the puipose ofa
portion of the mihtia, and having also heaul many of the
people talking on the subject befoie the election, I am con-
fident that many of the friends of Birch were deterred from
coming to the polK at that piecmct, from fear of the con-
sequences (judicial and militaiy) winch might result to
them fiom voting for him. A squad of the enrolled mili-
tia belonging to the township (all friends of IClng) weie
there, witif their arms, &c., tor what purpose I do not
know; but the understanding that they weietobe there
contributed, among othei reasons,, to detei great numbers
of citizens, as already stated, hom going to the election
at ali.
" Several who voted for Judge Birch yet fear that they
are to be indicted for voting, and to be tried before King,
as judge; for such was understood to be the menace held
forth in his speech already aliuded to."
Referring to the official testimony on page 24,
where it will be seen that at this precinct the sit-
ting member received 35 votes to my 29, (out of
a presidential total of 221,) I read from the testi-
mony which will explain it, as follows:
John R. Black:
"I am a farmer, and reside in the township in Clinton
county, Missouri, of which Miller's Mill is the voting place.
I was friendly to the election of Judge Birch to Congress,
and would have voted for him at the election which was
held the 4th of November last; but from what I heard that
Judge King had said in his speech at Plattsburg about sym-
pathizers having no right to vote, and that if they did vote
they would be liable to indictments for perjury, 1 did not
go to the election at all. This I know was the case in my
neighborhood generally, where the people were almost
unanimously for Bnch, but were afraid to vote for him, and
did not vote for him, from fear, as already stated. I think
it entirely safe to say that but for the terrorism and appre-
hension which were created by the public and private dec-
larations of King, who was judge of the circuit court, and
was understood to intend to hold on io that station for
nearly a year after the election, and who, it was under-
stood, would instruct the grand juries to find indictments*
against allf sympathizers' who voted, Birch would have
gotten $t least two or three votes to King's one at that
voting place."
James P. Arterburn:
"I am a farmer, and reside in the township of which
Miller's Mill is the voting place, in Clinton county, Mis-
souri. I live about four mile* from the residence of John
R. Black, whose deposition has just been read to me by the
notary. What he states of himself and his neighborhood is
true of myself and neighborhood, every one of whom would
have voted for Judge Birch for Congress, but that we were
afraid to do so for the reasons stated by Black. Before the
speech of Governor King we jfid all intended to vote tor
Birch ; but after that speech, which I heard, we all con-
cluded it would be unsafe for us to vote, and staid away
from the polls accordingly."
That 1 may be relieved of all necessity to can-
vass the judicial interpretations thus intimidat-
ingly foreshadowed by the sitting member, where-
by entire neighborhoods of fny supporters were
overawed from the polls in the eongressionatcan-
vass, I proceed to demonstrate, in the last place,
from the testimony of the same unimp'eached and
intelligent witnesses, that the venerable judge him-
self had reached an opposite and correct conclu-
sion with respect to the rights and duties of the
same class of citizens, after he had deserted the
party which elected him to Congress, and when
he was seeking to have them beaten in the judi-
cial elections of the following year. Upon this
point William Morris testifies as follows:
" Question by contestant. As you have previously given
testimony in respect to Governor King's speech when ho
was a candidate for Congress, (in respect to the qualifica-
tions of voters,) please state whether you heard his speech
a year afterwards, (a few weeks ago,) when he was ad-
dressing the people from the same stand in favor of one of
the judicial tickets which was voted for on Monday last;
and if so, was his language and his teachings substantially
the tame, or substantially different?
" Answer • I heard a portion of both speeches, and never
heard two that were more essentially different m respect
to the right and duty of the people to give their vote«j. His
Congress speech was of a character (as stated in my pre-
vious deposition) to create the impression that it was un-
safe for any of the so-called 'southern sympathizer'to
vote, (while he continued as judge,) while his judicial
electioneering speech was of a character to encourage them
all to vote. And I think I can safely say that no one was
afraid to vot« at theieceiH election in this county who waa
entitled to a vote under the convention ordinance."
Upon the same point, the representative of the
county testifies as follows:
" Question by contestant. Having stated, In the deposi-
tions which you gave in this case on the 12th of Decem-
ber last, of which this is intended as a continuation, t^e sub-
stance of Judge King's denunciations against ' southern
sympathizers,' and of his decollations in opposition to
their right to vote, and the consequences they would incur
if they did vote, will you please state whether you also
heaul his speech from the same stand, and upon the same
points, ou the first day of last October court; and if so, did
he maintain the same sentiments and opinions which ho
put lorth in his congressional speech, or opposite ones '
"Jlnswer. I listened to both speeches with great atten-
tion, and they were wholly unlike, both in the sentiments
he expressed in legaid to the southern sympathizer, and
their right to vote. In his last (speech he was exceedingly
earnest in urging them all to vote, as otherwise the radicals
might succeed in electing theirticket fin judges, winch, he
argued, would lay the foundation for the utter rum of ihe
country. He icpeatedly proclaimed that southern sympa-
thizer had the same right to vote that the radicals had,
and that it was their highest and moot uigeut duty to do
so; and that if any person interfered with them m any
manner, (emphasizing the remark,) either befoie or after
the election, for voting foi just whoever they pleased to
vote, they would be made to suffer foi it hum -ewrely and
undoubtedly. His whole speech, indeed, was so totally
different from what his congressional speeches had been,
that the lemark was quite common, dnoetly afienvaids,
j that he was at last aiming tonde the same hotse that Btreli
had all along ridden ; and in many lespeets it seemed clear
that they had come to occupy a common platform."
Judge Viglini testifies as follows:
" Question by contestant. As you have stated in a previous
