THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
thought it would seem no more than reasonable
under the circumstances to leave the fourth.
[Laughter.]
.Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Illinois
is a very good reasoner provided you give him
the premises to stand upon. He assumes that
there is no surveyor general in Arizona; but, un-
fortunately for his argument, his assumption is a
false one. There is a surveyor general in Ari-
•zona.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is whatl wanted to
know. ,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is a fact. He went
on last fall,
Mr. 'TRUMBULL. Who is he?
Mr. HOWARD. Ha3 he got there yet?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have not received a com-
munication from him since he went to Arizona;
but I had a communication from him from Santa
Fe while on the way. Has not the Governor en-
tered on his duties?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose not; and I hope
therfe is no appropriation for liim. I shall oppose
it if it comes 111.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly; I suppose he
is in Arizona long ago.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir;' there never has
been a Governor there; and I do not believe the
surveyor general has done any duty there at all.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; they are all there.
Mr. HOWARD. The Governor and judges
started some time ago, 111 September or October,
to go there, and have been traveling ever since.
They are on their road there. I do not know
whether they have reached there or not as yet.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As my friend from Mich-
igan suggests that they have started to go there
and are on their way, it is our business to make
an a|yiropriation,and the business of the Execu-
tive (jtovernment not to pay them until they have
entered on their duties. We should make the
appropriation, otherwise they will not be able to
pity them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But this is a deficiency
bill. Wc should appropriate for that in a gen-
eral bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Considerable time will
elapse between now and the 1st of July next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is providing for
a deficiency before it occurs. I understand some
gentleman from Wisconsin was appointed sur-
veyor general. My friend from Wisconsin may
be able to tell us his whereabouts; but I am in-
formed that no surveying has been done in Ari-
zona. I may bo incorrectly infoinn d. I should
like to inquire of the Land Olliee to know whether
there has been any surveying done there. It ap-
pears thill he has had several clerks in his office,
and we are to pay him for his salary and that of
his clerks $4,250. 1 do not remember what the
salary of the surveyor general is, but 1 think that
that would certainly pay his salary for a much
longer period than he can have been there. One
of the arguments used to pass that bill was that
they were not to be paid until they entrred on
their duties there. Now 1 want to hold gentle-
men to iho arguments that they presented when
they got that bill through the Senate, to create a
Tetritory that we did not have any control of. I
am very sure no Governor went to the Territory
last summer, because M|\ Gurley, of Ohio, who
was appointed Governor,died, and he never went
to Arizona. That is very certain.
Mr. DOOLITTL13. And Mr. Goodwin, of
Maine, was appointed Govemorof Arizona, and
is undoubtedly in Arizona discharging the duties
of his ofliee. i received a communication at the
commencement of this session from some of these
gentlemen from Santa Fe, and they were then on
their way.
Mr. POMEROY. I saw all these Government
officers en their way last summer after they left
the Missouri river, crossing the plains. I pre-
sume they are there now. They had ail got an
outfit, and were on their way with an escort.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Iagrecentirely with what
my friend frOm Illinois says, that the Arizona bill
expressly provided that the salaries of these offi-
cers should not begin until they got there. That
is all perfectly right,
Mr. CONFESS. Do 1 understand the Senator
from Kansas to say that these gentlemen went out
there with a military escort?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; I undertake to say
that. They got their escort at Fort Leaven woi th
furnished by the Government.
Mr. CONNESS. Then all I have got to say
is to suggest to the Government that they continue
to draw all tli£ officers for the Territoiies in tho
•extreme West from the extreme East. Wherever
they can find a man in the East who wants an
office, let them send him to the extreme West with
a military escort. It will not cost much.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend from Califor-
nia will allow me to suggest that he is a little mis-
taken when he regards Wisconsin as in the ex-
treme East. Wisconsin is just the center.
Mr. CONNESS. I forgot about the Wiscon-
sin man.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And when, in the good
time coming in the future, we come to embrace
all North America within the United States Wis-
consin will be just about the center of the whole.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire whether
these surveys were made under military escort?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know whether any
surveys were made. I am talking about the offi-
cers of the Territory; and by the way, as their
traveling expenses are not paid by the Government
it docs not make much difference to the Govern-
ment whether they come from Maine or Califor-
nia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
the military escort is not under pay?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBLLL. Then it does cost some-
thing.
Mr. POMEROY. But no more than if they
remained at Fort Leavenworth. The escort get
no extra pay for going out there. I forgot to
state that the secretary of New Mexico, who has
been a secretary for years, and was entitled to an
escort, was with them when I saw them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is a secretary of a Terri-
tory entitled to a military escort?
Mr. POMEROY. We never have sent a sec-
retary to New Mexico without an escoit.
Mr. NESM1TH. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair before
putting that motion will lay before the Senate a
House bill for reference.
The bill (No. 120) to reestablish the principal
port of entry tor the district of Champlain at
Plattsburg, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
REPORT FltOM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HOWARD. Iask the unanimousconsent
of the Senate to make a report from the Committee
on Military Affairs. ["No objection."] T.ie
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 37) relating
to the interfeience of military and naval officers
in elections, have had the same under considera-
tion and have instructed me to report it back to
the Senate with a recommendation that it. do not
pass, accompanied also by a written report, which
I ask to lmve printed.
The report wns ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is o:i
the motion of the Senator fiom Oregon that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
join lied.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Fcbniaty V2, 18G1.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciianning.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. YEAMAN asked leave of absence for four
weeks, on account of pressing business in Ken-
tucky.
Leave of absence was granted.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF TIIE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER, by u nanimous consent, laid |
before the Mouse a communication from the Clerk
of the House oi Representatives, transmitting' Ins
annual report of the contingent expenses of the
House of Representatives; winch was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
POST OFFICE FINES AND DEDUCTIONS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Post Office Department,
transmitting statement of fines imposed on and
deductions made from the pay of contractors dur-
ing the year ending 30th June, 1863; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
DISTRICT COURT IN INDIANA.
Mr. ORTH asked unanimous consent to have
taken from the Speaker's table and passed an act
(S. No. 100) authorizing the holding of a special
session of the United States district court for the
district-of Indiana.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up,
and read a first and second time.
Mr. ORTH demanded the previous question
on the third reading.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSCRIPTION.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask whether the report ot
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the conscription bill does not come up
in order this morning as the unfinished business?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York. Will thegen-
tleman from Ohio yield to me?
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish first to make an ex-
planation to the House. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to ask consent of
the House to take up this bill at two o'clock to-
day. The bill has just come in from the print-
ers, and gentlemen would perhaps like to run their
eye over the amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
before votmgon them. We think it light thatthey
should have the opportunity of doing so. If that
arrangement can be made I propose to go on with
the bill at that time.
There being no objection, the bill was post-
poned till two o'clock to-day.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to ad vise gentlemen
of one or two modifications that are necessary to
be made in the printed bill. For instance, in sec-
tion seven, the commutation to be paid by Quak-
ers is printed at §400. It should be $300. There
should also be added to section twenty-six the
amendment adopted on the motion of the gentle-
man fiom Missouri:
And in all cabes where slaves liave been heietofore en-
listed in the military service of the United States, nil the
provisions of this act, so far as the payments of bounty and
compensation ate provided, shall be equally applicable as
well as to thobfi who may hereuftei be lecjuited.
CHAMPLAIN COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York. I ask con-
sent that the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce may report back a bill lecommended by
the Secietary of theTieasury, in which my con-
stituents are interested.
Mr. WASXII3URNE, of Illinois. It is a bill
for removing the port of entry in the Champlain
collection district. The bill, as introduced, pro-
vided also for an increase of salaries. The Com-
mittee on Commerce refuse to recommend an in-
crease of salaries, and only recommend that por-
tion of the bill which has a local interest.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the amendment of the com-
mittee be concurred in, I will have no objection
Theie being no objection,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, reported back
a bill to reestablish the principal port of entry for
the district of Champlain at Plattsburg, and for
other purposes.
The bill repeals the net of March 3,1863, chang-
ing the port of entry for the Champlain district
from Plattsburg to Rouse's Point, and reestab-
lishes Plattsbuigas the principal port of entry for
that district, at winch the collector of customs is
to reside, with a deputy collector at Rouse's Point.
The amendment striking out the section provid-
ing for an increase of salaues was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third lime,
and passed.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
