1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL tJLOBJS,
38th Cong 1st Sess.
Enlistments in the Army—Mr. Doolittle.
you can proceed against real estate, as you pro-
ceed against personal property, in rem, and con-
fiscate it absolutely?
I answer that there is no such process of law;
and it I had the time, I could make appear most
distinctly tlie difference there is between the two
classes of property. The distinction is briefly
this: I say you cannot proceed against any prop-
erty in rem unless that property is in some way
connected with the subject-matter of the offense.
It must be in some way the instrument of the
offense; or, to carry the definition a little further,
you cannot proceed in rem unless you find that
property hi delictu—in the wrong—or in some
way in default.
The gentleman says:
14 If this wore a now question, possibly there might be
room for argument, llutiroiutheiirst Adniinistrationdown
to this day th'jre ha*> never been a day in which, on thestat-
utc-bookd of the United States, exactly this process to for-
feit piopotty for crime without first convicting the owner
on indictment has not been prescribed. The law of 171)9,
among the flr.-t of the revenue laws, forfeited property
bioughtm undwr fraudulent invoices, without proceeding
asaiust the individual personally; and all the revenue laws
from that day to this enforce these piovisions by forleituics
and pioceedings in rem."
All this is admitted; but these are cases where
the process is enforced against the property with-
out the slightest reference to the guilt of the per-
son. If fraudulent invoices are found, that is all
that is necessary to found a proceeding against
the property; and the very titles of the actions or
suits in court show that it is not necessary to this
proceeding to connect theguiltof any person with
it. The cases are designated, The United States
against the ship A B or C D,as the case may be,
or against twenty hogsheads sugar, twenty tierces
of molasses, one thousand bt>xes tobacco, or what-
ever the article may be which is the instrument
of off. nse, or which may be found in dclictu or m
default.
Again, he says:
'•The navigation law* of the United States, from the
enillest days ot tiie Republic, inflict forfeiture m the dis-
trict cuuit mi proceedings against the vessel for violation
ot thnce laws without prosecuting the owner though liable
to indictment. Who ever heard that a vessel could not be
forfeited unless the rna>tei orowner weie indicted, oi until
after they had been indicted? Our laws in reference to
trade with the Indians make it penal to enrrvindent spirits
anion;,' them, and theypumsh the persons guilty and foifeit
the pioperty by ptocess tnrem in the district eomt. Is that
unconstitutional
No one has or will contend that you may not
proceed against the vessel in the case cited with-
out first indicting the master or owner. By the
Constitution, article three, section two, "the ju-
dicial power shall extend to all cases of admiralty
and maritime jurisdiction;" and under this sanc-
tion, and the laws of Congress passed in pursu-
ance thereof, a large class of cases are designated
in which the process is to be against the prop-
erty. But all these cases come within the dis-
tinction which I have made. The vessel in the
case cited is the instrumentof the offense,and so
it is with the "ardent spirits" sold to the Indians
in violation of law. I will cite a ease which I
think comes much nearer to the gentleman's posi-
tion than any which he has put. Here is land upon
which taxes remain unpaid; now, unless paid, the
land may be sold, under the conditions prescribed
by law. Now 1 am asked if this land is in de-
lictu—is it the instrument of offense ? It cannot
be correctly said it is, but it certainly is in default.
I think the gentleman can find no case of a pro-
cess in rem whore the property proceeded against
is not either the instrument of 6ffense> hi d'elictu>
or in default. Does it apply to the real estate of
the rebels? Is their real estate the instrument of
offense? Is it in tUe wrong, or in default? Is
not the crime of the rebels entirely personal and
unconnected with their land?
Mr. STEVENS. Without taking up thegen-
tleinan's time, i wish to ask him a single question:
suppose this property is that of an alien enemy,
does the gentleman hold that his real estate can-
not be confiscated absolutely?
Mr. SWEAT. Perhaps they can he confis-
cated absolutely. The law applying to such cases
is well settled, not by Congress, but by the laws
of nations, and therefore can have no reference to
the subject before us. I am not now discussing j
the laws of nations. It may be true that under |
the laws of nations the property of alien enemies \
may 1^ <'tmfi:;cat 'd abMilutwIVf whether person**! I
or real; but this I am not discussing. I am aware
that the theory has been advanced that those now
in arms against this Government are so to be re-
garded. That is a question which I have nottime
to discuss now, and which does not legitimately
come up in this discussion.
Mr. Speaker, I will not take up much more of
the time of the House, although I have been in-
terrupted in several instances, but will close by
saying one or two words of a general character.
I will ask gentlemen on the other side of the
Ilouse who have spoken upon this subject, what
is the importance of all this? what is at the bot-
tom of all this? The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sciienck] told us the other day that there are three
parties in this country: one in favor of prosecut-
ing the war and of furnishing men and money to
an unlimited extent; another party opposed to
continuing the war further upon any terms; and
a third party in favor of the war, but opposed to
all the necessary meansforcarryingiton. Well,
sir, in order to ascertain in which of these parties
gentlemen on this side of the House.may prop-
' erly range themselves, a little inquiry into the
purposes of gentlemen on the other side may be
necessary. If it is their purpose to open up all
the lands of the South de novo for the benefit-of
speculators, as has al read y been done, if the sense-
less opinions of Judge Underwood are to be fol-
lowed, let gentlemen say that such is their inten-
tion. In which case 3 think I might reduce the
parties to twq, one of which is in favor of carrying
on the war to subdue the armed rebellion and pre-
serve the Union, and to furnish the Government
with all the means necessary to do it, to which 1
claim to belong; while the other is in favor of mak-
ing itan abolition war, and would notstop it even
though ail the rebels shoult^lay down their arms
and swear to obey the laws of the land, unless
I upon the previous destruction of slavery and the
j taking away all State rights, and the rehabilitation
! of the whole southern country. If the gentlemen
are willing to stand on this platform Jet us know
it. Such seem to be the two grand divisions of
parties to which we are fast tending. It is the
doctrine of Fred. Douglass put forth directly in his
resolution. It is not my doctrine. I have one
simple theory. I have had but one from the be-
ginning of the war up to the present time. My
theory is, prosecute earnestly, prosecute vigoi-
ously this war until the armed rebellion is subdued.
Repeal all unconstitutional laws and pass none that
are unconstitutional. And when this armed re-
bellion is put down let the States come back, for
they will come back. Welcome them back, and
let all the questions in dispute which are now un-
dertaken to be settled in advance be settled by
the judicial tribunals of the land. This seems to
me to be the only wise and true course. I do not
believe in the powers of the President, nor in the
powers of Congress, nor in any powers outside
of the Constitution, of blotting out States and
obliterating State tines.
The SPEAKER., The gentleman's hour ha*
cxpiicd.
Mr. SWEAT. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for a moment more
in which to conclude what I have to say.
There was no objection,and.it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
Mr. SWEAT. Mr. Speaker, I say that I do'
not believein the powerof any of the departments
of the Administration, or of the whole Adminis-
tration together, to blot out State lines, or to make
them oscillate upon the face of the earth as the
shadows of a wandering maniac. I am fpra pol-
icy of vigorous prosecution of the war until the
rebellion is crushed. I am for filling; up the ar-
rmcsofthe Union,and willing to legislate for that
purpose. When you have asked me to vote sup-
plies, I have shown you by my example that I
am ready to do that. When you proposed a re-
peal of the lawfor paying additional bounties, we i
voted with you. We voted for it because it was |
your suggestion, for we supposed you knew j
whether it was needed or not. The President and j
the Secretary of War aske^l for a reconsideration i
of that matter, so that the bounties might be con- j
tinued, and we of this side of the House voted for !
it. We wish to put no embarrassment in the way i
of the Government. J
Now* Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to go im©
a political speech or to lay down any politkaLpiati
form. I say.to gentlemen upon tbeothegsidethsl
I am willing, and i believe all of my friends here
are willing, to aid them in all legislation tha^t ja
necessary to pat down this a^med rebellion. I
hope that we ©hall not have any more charges
from that side of the House that we are here for
the purpose of troubling and impeding the Ad-
ministration. Let us do as Macaulay has said
they did at an eventful period in English history,
when Roundheads and Cavaliers, Episcopalians
and Presbyterians joined in firm union to sustain
the laws of -the laud. I will go with any gentle-
man for that purpose. But on the matter before
the House I feel it to be my duty to vote in the
way I have indicated. If vye have generals in the
field, encourage them, pay them well, but let us
see that they are on duty, and that they are not
upon furlough and withoutcommands,as we have
it reported by the Secretary of War that many of
them ore, at an expense to the Government of
$27,000 per month. Let us undertake to discover
and punish public corruption and fraud; for I
hold that public corruption is private corruption,
and that public sin is private sin, and that weare
responsible just to the extent that we know it and
do nothing,to prevent and remedy it. I will join
the gentlemen upon the other side of the House,
and I think that the gentlemen upon this side will
join them, in the action suggested in these desul-
tory remarks for accomplishing that groat object,
of ending the war and preserving the Union. If
we stand by that proud old flag which is hang-
ing so gracefully above you, Mr. Speaker, as full
of inspiration to-day as it has ever been, "the
glorious emblem of resistless and beneficent
power," it will assuredly lead us to glory and to
victory.
AGISTMENTS IN TIIE ARMY.
SPEECH OF HON. J. E. DOOLITTMS,
OF WISCONSIN,
In the Senate of the United States,
February 9, 1864.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, havingunder
consideration the bill (S. No. 41) to promote enlistments
m the Army of the United States, and for other purposes,
the pending question being on Mr. Henderson's amend-
ment to the thiiil section of the bill—
Mr. DOOLITTLE said:
Mr. President: War and not peace is our real
situation. Whatever may have produced this
state of things, war is upon us with all its neces-
i sities, with all its realities, with all itssternduties,
and we must fight it through. At this hour, what-
ever will give strength to our armies in the field and
bring revenue to support them, demands the first
consideration of Congress, and of every Depart-
ment of this Government. If left to me I would
speak but one word, fill up the ranks, press on the
columns. To spare the unnecessary shedding of
blood; to save the resources of the country; to
solve all financial questions, and put our credit
upon abasis so strong as to command the money
of the world, I would speak no other word but
"fill up the ranks, press on the columns." To
secure liberty and Union; to secure peace with
all other nations by inspiring them with respect;
and to put a final end to that conspiracy, founded
on slavery, which makes war against us, I would
still say, as the most radical and at the same time
the most certain of all measures, "fill up the
ranks, press on the columns." But,sir, my voice
is but one.
Other considerations are continually pressed,
and will be pressed upon us; other subjects will
be involved in times like these,and we arc called
upon to meet them and to discuss them. I re-
gret that all the legislation of the present ses-
sion on the subject of enrolling troops had not
passed Congress before the adjournment for the
holidays. They ought to have been matured and
passed before that long adjournment. 1 fear we
have nearly lost forty days, forty days of most
precious, valuable time to the Government in fill-
• ing up our armies. A^ain, sir, in my opinion, it
j is much wiser in all bills which concern the en-
rollment of troops notto embarrass them by other
provisions not necessary to raise the troops and to
ranl^ofmir armies. I rpjoicethat the hon-
ffli the
