1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
deposition the substance of Governor King's language (in
his speech) when he was a candidate for Congress in Oc-
tober, 1862, please state whether he held the same language
in his speech in October, 1863, in respect to voters and
voting in the then approaching judicial election?
"•Answer. He did not hold the same language or anything
like It. On the contrary, it was a common remark, among
those who heard him, that he had at last got on to Birch's
platform as to the right to vote, as well as several things
else. He warmly urged the people (sympathizers and all)
to turn out and support the anti-radical ticket, assuring
them that they had the right to vote just as every one else
had, and that if any person interfered with them in any
manner for exercising that right, either before or after the
election, they would be punished for it4 with a vengeance;'
but that there really was no danger that any person would
dare to so molest or interfere with them. The whole tenor
of his speech in this respect was as different in tone and
emphasis from his congressional speech as it could be ; and
the effect was that with the exception of half a dozen or
less who were excluded by the express terms of the con-
vention oath for having been in arms since the 17th of De-
cember, 1861, no one seemed afraid to vote in the election
just past." -
William P. Hooper, as follows:
"Question by contestant. Please state whetheryou heard
the speech made by Judge King when he was a candidate
for Congress in October, 1862, and also, his speech in oppo-
sition to the radical ticket for supreme court judges in
October, 1863; and if so, please state the resemblancp, or
the want of resemblance, in respect to the right and the
duty of that class of people who are called ' southern sym-
pathizers' to vote.
" Jlnswer. I heard what he said in both speeches upon
that subject, and was astonished at the change which his
opinions seemed to have undergone in the course of the
year. The convention oath remained the same, and the
rights and duties of that class of the people whom he de-
nounced as 'southern sympathizers' were, of course, the
same, yet in his Congress speech he held up to them.the
penalties of pprjnryand military punishment, to deter them
from voting; while in his speech against the radical can-
didates for judges he vehemently urged them to vote, as-
suring them of their perfect right to do so, and that they
need not appiehend the slightest danger from any quarter.
I certainly never heard two speeches that seemed to me
more entirely opposite in their tenor and teachings; and
such was the general opinion of those who heard both
speeches, and who have since conversed with me upon the
subject.
"1 am the clerk of the county courtand the keeperof the
election records. The vote in this county at the judicial
election on Tuesday last was greater than its proportionate
vote in the previous judicial .^election ; whereas the con-
gressional vote at the last election was several hundred"
short of the vote in the previous election for a Congress-
man."
And John Cox, as to the manner in which he
spoke in his own county, as follows:
"Question by contestant. Did you hear King make a
spcccli at Richmond on the day of the election for the su-
preme judges, on the 3d of this month/ If yea, how did he
speak iri respect to the right of southern sympathizer*, as
they were callcd, to voter
"Answer. Re vpry earnestly exhorted them all to vote,
alleging that they had the same right to vote that other citi-
zens had; and he also called upon the refugees from Jack
son and Cass counties, who had fled into Kay under the or-
der ot General Ewing, to come forward in like manner, and
cast their votes against the radical ticket, which he spoke
against with great bitterness, and disrespect, both politically
and professionally."
As comment upon such a record would be but
little short of a contempt to the understanding of
the House, I will copy but a single deposition to
demonstrate how it was that the terrorism com-
plained of extended to the ranks of the militia
itself, and that if such and similar overawings
are to be indorsed instead of rebuked at the hands
of those upon whom the Constitution devolves
the duty to " judge of the elections" under which
we meet each other here, the position of a Con-
gressman will cease to command even the prima
facie consideration which should be accorded to
the real Representative of the people. In other
words, the mere military commandants will soon
become everything, while the people and the sol-
diery, who fight the battles and feed the armies and
pay the taxes of the Republic, will become prac-
tically nothing.
At page 34, Edward Brooking testifies as fol-
lows:
" I reside on the eastern edge of Clinton county, Mis-
souri, near the line of Caldwell and Ray. In a running
conveisation between two of my neighbors and myself, con-
cerning the unfairness and terrorism of the election,andin
which t repeated what I had heard concerning an extra
stack of hay which it had been said would be assessed
against one ot Birch's friends because he had voted for him,
these neighbors replied that that was nothing: that they
themselves had preferred Birch as their candidate, and
would have voted for hun if things had not got sotightthat
they wenhifraid to dofao, and hence did not vote at all, or
words to that effect. Both those neighbors were in service
in the enrolled militia at the time of the election, and one
of them has since enlisted in the volunteer or regular service.
This conversation with these two militiamen took place
bhoitly after the congressional election last year; audi have
reason to boheve that there were several others in my neigh-
borhood who were similarly afraid to vote for Birch, and
heiwe did not vote at all."
As every man who knows the meaning of " ex-
tra duty and no promotion" will but readily
appreciate the point of the foregoing, it needs, of
course, no additional explication. As little need
it be explained that the same considerations will
generally deter the soldier from even testifying
to the displeasure of his commander; and that
thus "the iron wheel" is preserved intact. It
is the supervision and the reprehension of this
House alone that can turn aside this fruitful af-
fluent of corFuption and oppression; and this can
only be done by the stern rejection of every bal-
lot which was not " free" in the sense ordained
by the Constitution which you have severally
sworn to support,
I come, lastly, in the absence of local testimony
from the remaining counties, to the deposition of
a witness upon whose judgment and candor I
was induced to rely in selecting him for the ser-
vice which is testified to, as follows:
" Question by contestant. Please state whether you can-
vassed this congressional district for Judge Birch during
iiis race for Congress in 1862. What was the objeetof that
canvass; and what then were, and yet are, your opinions
in respect to its then probable results ?
il*4Ltiswer. 1 was engaged in distributing the circulars of
Judge Birch and his notices to address the people as a can-
didate for Congress, in the various counties in the sixth
congressional district for nearly three weeks, during the
month of September, 1862. I was induced to undertake
this service for the judge, in order not merely to serve him
in that particular respect, but to obtain such a view of the
canvass for him (as his friend) as might probably be relied
upon in respect to its results. I found, in passing through
the distilct, that he was everywhere regaided, and would
be supported, as the candidate of the constitutional pro-
slavery party; and *-did not hesitate to expi'ess the opinion
to him, on my return, that, if there was no military mter-
faence against him, he would beat Governor King at least
eight or ten thousand votes. I am yet of the same opinion.
Mr. Samuel was then scarcely counted in the canvass; and
the support of Governor King seamed to be almost exclu-
sively by tiie radicals, including the newly-organized mili-
tia. There wcic s\ mptoins ot militaiy interference against
Birch as I passed through the district; and the fear was
then even entertained, m some places, that it would take
the public shape it afterwards assumed ; but the judge did
not seem to think it wofild be possible for his adversaries
to get it up to such a pitch as to defeat his election; nor
did I."
That the opinions thus entertained may have
such circumstantial corroboration as they are en-
titled to from other portions of the record—refer-
ring to which the case on my part will be closed
for the present—it is deemed sufficient to state
that in the county of La Fayette, where (as in
several other counties) 1 was "unable to obtain
any legal testimony beyond the official vote on
file in the office of the Secretary of State, the fall-
ing off from the presidential vote was 2,064; and
that of the comparatively few votes that were
given in that, county, the sitting member leceived
450, and myself but 14. For the single purpose
I have in view, it will be unnecessary for me to
read, in this connection, the authorized official
statements, which not only " unearthed" the sit-
ting member before the committee, but gave him
the lead, in this county as elsewhere, in the re-
pression of the popular voice, which Was every-
where impatient to repudiate and consume him.
It will hence suffice to repeat that, while his en-
tire vote in the district was hut 4,243, its aggre-
gate falling off, between the presidential and con-
gressional election, was 11,390.
If, therefore, upon the whole record in this
case, there be not developed such a concurrence
of vitiations as to invoke against them the marked
discountenance of the House, it needs no moral
seer to predict the statusof your future associates
in this thence dishonored forum of the American
peerage.
It is but added, therefore, that having reserved
for my rejoinder or conclusion the explication of
such additional facts and circumstances as may
become necessary to the harmonious elucidation of
the entire record in this case, I shall intermediately
trust to the intelligent action of the House to dis-
criminate, if necessary, between what is replied
from the testimony and what is not.
That being the only additional favor which I
ask at the hands of this dignified national judica-
tory there remains to be rendered but the tribute
of a respectful and self-respecting thankfulness
for the patience with which you have listened to
me, and to commit the case of my outraged and
overborne constituency to your upright and intel-
ligent decision.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will be
allowed to procced.
Mr. PRICE. I object to an extension of the
time. - „   . - -
Mr. DAWES. I renew my motion to Jay the
whole su.bject on the table. . -c
Mr. HdLMAN- I trast the time will be*<ex-
tended. . .. \
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. ArnqloJh
the chair.) How much time does the gftntleftian
desire ?
Mr. BIRCH. I have read eighteen pages*mud
there are ten still to be read* i will not,-ask over
half an hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust there will be no ob-
jection to the contestant finishing his remarks.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objection.is
made.
Mr. FERNANDO "WOOD. I would remind
the gentleman from Iowa that this is the first in-
stance at this session when such an objection has
been made to'a contestant proceeding under sim-
ilar circumstances.
Mr. PRICE. I will say in reply, to the gen-
tleman that I would have no objection to hear this
gentleman talk, or any other for that matter, if it
did not occupy the time of the House and of the
country. But the speech is not benefiting- the
House or the country. There are not a dozen
gentlemen listening to this speech. I propose to
go^on with the business that appertains to the
legislation of the country. Let the gentleman
print the balance of his speech. I will even buy
the book, if necessary. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. If the sittingmemberdoesnot
desire to reply to the contestant, I will renew the
motion to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. KING. I do desire to reply, but I am
willing to wait until the House decides whether
the contestant shall have more time or not. I
shall not ask for more than my hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 trust there will be no ob-
jection to the contestant finishing his remarks.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois, i rise to ask
a question of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
His motion is to lay the whole Subject upon the
table. If that motion be carried, will it n>yt leave
the sitting member in his seat?
Mj. DAWES. Certainly, that will be the re-
sult of* it. But if the sitting member desires to
reply to the contestant, I do not feel it quite right
for me to shut him oflf. 1 am prepared myself to
dispose of the case now. The Committee of Elec-
tions have not desired to discuss this matter, and
it would have been more agreeable to them to 1iav<s
disposed of it without discussion. But after the
House has permitted the contestant to speak, the
question whether the sitting member shall reply
is hardly within my control, and I think I ought
not to make the motion to lay on the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman withdraw his motion?
Mr. DAWES. I do for that purpose, but not
for any other.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume that there is no
objection to the contestant printing the balance of
his speech.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. UPSON. I would like to inquire of the
contestant how much longer time he wants to
finish his remarks?
Mr. BIRCH. I have only ten pages of man-
uscript left, and I think 1 can read them in half
an hour. I will read as rapidly as I can.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Iowa withdraw his objection to the con-
testant proceeding?
Mr. PRICE. No, sir; I do not withdraw it.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 move that the contestant
have leave to print the balance of his speech.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 haveobjected to that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman from
Wisconsin that the time of*the House is of such
importance that we ought to dispose of this case
at once.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. If the contestant is allowed
to go on and finish his remarks I will withdraw
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. UPSON. I submit that the motion of the
gentleman from Wisconsin is not in order. He
was not entitled to the floor to make it.
Mr. DAWES. I yielded the floor to the sit-
ting member. I thought that after the contestant
had had an hour it would be hardly fair for me
