1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HARRIS. I stated it yesterday, and it
was satisfactory to the Senator who has charge
of the hill.
Mr. HALE. If he is satisfied with it, I am
content.
Mr. HARRIS. The fifth section provides for
a civil action, and it is necessary, therefore, to
have a fixed penalty in order to sue for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The difficulty is that the
fourth section does not fix the penalty, but leaves
it open for dispute; it is to be a fine between one
and ten thousand dollars; while under the fifth
section, if a suit is brought to enforce the penalty
it is in the nature of an action for debt, and the
sum is not certain.
Mr. HALE. I see that difficulty; but the
fourth section as itstands by itself is well enough.
Mr, SHERMAN. Yes, sir; and [ wasabout
to suggest to the Senator from New York to add
at the end of the fourth section these words, which
will accomplish ins purpose arid answer better:
Ami shall likewise be subject to the penalty of $1,000
for caeli often^e.
Then the next section provides the mode in
which the penalty shall be enforced.
Mr. HALE. I think that will be better. Where
you have a fine I think something ought to be
left to the discretion of the court.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will accept
that modification of his amendment I think it
will probably be better.
Mr. HARRIS. I accept that in lieu of the
amendment 1 proposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion to add at the end of the
fourth section the following words:
And bhall likewise be subject to a penalty of $1,000 for
each offense.
The amend ment to the amend men t was agreed to.
' Mr. HARRIS. I suggest what I think would
be a little improvement in the phraseology of the
first sec'ion of the substitute. In the fourth line
I move to strike out the words " or for the loan,"
and in the fifth line to insert after the word " ex-
change" the words "to be delivered;" so that
it will read in this way:
That Jt shall be unlawful to make any contract for the
purchase or sale or delivery of any gold com or bullion, or
of any foreign exchange, to be delivered at any tune subse-
quent to the making of &ucli contiaet, &e.
It will make it much more conclusive, in my
judgment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Myattention was called to
that criticism, and I am not at all sure but what
it would be an improvement of the phraseology,
although as the section is now drawn it was made
to cover a loan in gold. The fear was that per-
sons would attempt to evade the operation of the
first section by agreeing to loan gold for a time.
Mr. HARRIS. The word " delivery" covers
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps it will cover it.
The amend ment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I suggest one more amend-
ment. It is in the twelfth line of the first section
to strike out the words " national currency," and
to insert the words notes of solvent banks," so
as not to strike at our State banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only objection I have
to that is this: practically it would be the same
at any rate, because it is very easy to convert the
notes of solvent banks into the greenbacks, as
they are called; but I think, in a national law,
intended for the protection of the national credit,
we ought not to provide for the receipt in transac-
tions regulated by law of anything but national
currency, that kind of currency which tho Gov-
ernment of the United States itself receives.
There is no practical difficulty in the way. I
trust, therefore, the Senator from New York will
not press his amendment; because a person hav-
ing current funds in the city of New York can
easily comert them into greenbacks, United States
money. If m a law intended to protect the na-
tional currency, or rather the credit of the Gov-
ernment, we provide for the circulation of State
bank paper, I.think it might tend to defeat the
bill without doing any practical good. I trust,
therefore, the amendment will not be urged.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, by the
amendments that have been made we have now
pretty nearly as good a' bill as I originally intro-
duced here in December last, in pretty nearly the
same words. I desire to call the attention of the
Committee on Finance to the subject, and ! should
like to have the ear of the chairman while 1 do so.
I introduced this bill in December last, and sent a
copy of it to the Secretary of theTreasury. Upon
the introduction of it I was atraigned in the news-
papers of the city of New York, ridiculed, and
abused. The opposition papers in Kansas took up
thecry,and last night I read in a paper from my
State a column of the most brutal assaults upon me
for introducing the bill. My bill was before the
Committee on Finance and has never been dis-
posed of. I was very much astonished,therefore,
theotherday when the distinguished Senatorfrom
Ohio [iMr. Sherman] introduced the identical bill
as an original proposition from the Secretary of
the Treasury and had it referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance. "
Mr. CONNESS. I will suggest to my fiiend
that the whole matter might be euied by request-
ing those papeis hereaftet to insert the name of
the Senator fiom Ohio when they write abuse of
the Senator from Kansas. If they just make that
change it may be all right.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Having suffered all
this abuse from the papers of the city of New
York, and still suffering abuse from papers in my
own State, I felt it to be a duty that I owed to
myself to say this much to the Committee on
Finance.
You have now got this bill almost verbatim as
intioduced by me after having gone to New Yoik
and investigated the subject and ascertained the
views of loyal and sagacious men. 1 desire now
to say to the Senator ftom Vermont that it is my
opinion and the opinion of loyal and sagacious
business men of the city of New York, that the
confederate government is to-day and has been
since last December through Us foreign agents
engaged in the effort to depreciate our currency
by gambling against that currency in the hells of
the city of New Yoik. Can the Senator from
Vermont explain to me how it was that a mere
visit to the city of New York by the Secretary of
the Treasury a day or two ago reduced the price
of gold as compared with our currency from 189
to 175? Wilht do for the Senator from Vermont,
to me a practical Senator, and to other Senators,
to compare gold as a product with flour and pork
and agricultural products, when it is known to
him that gold can be taken care of m the city of
New Yoi k for nothing, while it requites from ten
to twenty per cent, a month to take care of flour
and pork? It will not do to say that gold is the
same as other products.
Air. President,in my opinion,traitors whohave
not the courage to face the Federal soldiers are
now engaged, cowardly, assassin-iike, in stabbing
our country through our national currency m the
hells of the city of New York. 1 may be mistaken
as to the benefits to accrue to the country from
the passage of this bill; but if investigation proves
anything, if the opinions of sagacious and loyal
men are worth anything, this bill will benefit our
country, and will benefit it beyond the expecta-
tion of the most sanguine friends of the measure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps an explanation
is due fiom the Committee on Finance to the hon-
orable Senator ftom Kansas upon this matter. I
will commence it by assuung him, however it may
look, that no possible discourtesy was intended
to him; although he may have unwittingly been
treated with some injustice. I deem it more es-
pecially necessary to say what I am about to say
because no part of the fault rests upon my hon-
orable colleague, the Senator from Ohio, who hap-
pened to introduce the bill as an amendment to his
own, in reference to the matter.
Very eailv in the session the honorable Sen-
ator from Kansas sent us two b)li« on this gen-
eral subject providing for legislation of this kind;
one of which was vety similar in its terms to the
one upon which the Senate is about to act. At a
somewhat later period the Senator fiom Ohio sent
us another bill. We looked at those bills, and
came to the conclusion that it was doubtful
whether they would be of any practical benefit,
whether they would effect the object they svere
intended to accomplish; and for that reason we
laid them aside, and did not again take them up;
and for myself { had entirely forgotten the con-
] tents of all of them so far as to tell which was
I which, without referring to them.
The Secretary of the Treasury, a day or t\yo
since, sent us the bill which is now before the
Senate, with a letfc$r which has been read, request*
nig its immediate passage, if it met with our ap-
probation . On consideration, as the Secretary
strongly recommended and urged it, and believed,
as he expressed himself in writing, that it might
be attended with some practical benefit, we cams
to the conclusion that as he was master of the de-
tails of the subject, and was the officer who was
carrying on all these financial operations, we
would not allow any doubts of ours as to whether
it would be productive of the good that he ex-
pected to flow from it to interfere with the pre-
sentation of that bill to the Senate. \
After we came to that conclusion, it then be-
came a question in the committee how we should
introduce it into the Senate, that particular bill
not having been committed to us. None of us
adverted to the fact that a biil was before us at
that time, oi looked at it. It was proposed that
it should be introduced by the chairman into the
Senate, presented to the Senate, and referred to
the committee, and then be acted on; but some
one suggested that we had already had bills be-
fore us on the general subject, and it might be
reported as an amendment to one of those bills.
I spoke (o my cletk, who was sitting near me,
and asked him to hand me oneof those bills, with-
out designating any, and the first bill that he hap-
pened to lay his hands on was the bill that had
been sent to us by the honorable Senator from
Ohio. We did not take occasion to read it, or
look at it, but simply the chairman was author-
ized to report it as an amendment to that bill.
After the bill had been put in proper shape, both
being in my hands with a view to report them,it
struck me, as the honorable Senatorfrom Ohio
had sent us the original bill, that it was only
courteous to him to allow him to report the amend-
ment. 1 therefore passed the papers over to him
and requested him to report the bill to J he Sen-
ate.
There is the whole history of it from beginning
to end. How far the Secretary of the Treasury
may be responsible for stealing the thunder of
my honorable friend from Kansas, without giv-
ing him credit, is a question to be settled between
those two high dignitaries to their mutual satis-
faction.
Mr. SHERMAN. I freely accord to the Sen-
ator from Kansas the paternity ojj^his bill, or the
idea of prohibiting and punishingf liese transac-
tions in gold. There is no doubt about it. The
circumstances are perfectly familiar to me. The
Senatorfrom Kansas sent hie bill to the committee,
and we conversed about it. We doubted the pol-
icy of it, and I was requested, as it was ft,matter
of difficulty, to draw a bill that would suit my own
mmd. The idea of the Senator's bill was to pun-
ish those transactions in gold as a criminal offense.
I doubted whether there was the ability of pros-
ecuting and convicting anybody in New York for
an offense that was so common, and I knew that
it was impossible, or very difficult at least, to en-
force a criminal statute in a community that did
not i cgard the subject as criminal in itself. There-
fore 1 Aamed a bill with a view to punish it with
a penalty, with a fine to becollccted byanaction
of debt tlnowgh the aid of a common informer.
So the matter rested for some time. The Secre-
tary no doubt hud the benefit of the two bills,
and framed a bill combining both. The Senator's
bill did notcontain the proposition about a pen-
alty, and a collection of the debt, &c«, &c., and
this bill combines the two together. But the ori-
ginal idea, the invention, undoubtedly rests with
the Senator ftom Kansas, if there is any credit
for that. I trust that now the biil will be passed,
and whatever goodetfects it may produce we will
all give the Senator from Kansas the credit.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, I de-
sire to say that the gist of the charges coming
from my own State was this, that the Committee
on Finance had given my bill the go-by, that the
bill was> not woithy the consideration of the com-
mittee. There was a column in one of our prin-
cipal papors devoted to an attack upon me, stating
that the Committee on Finance had not deemed
it of sufficient impoitance to*consider it. I have
no feeling on this subject. I merely wanted that
that editor, and the man in New York who said
that I had better confine myself to the woolly-
headed business instead of finance, to understand
