1670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aprii 16,
tfiat my bill has been considered by the Senate,
and I hope, for tlie good of tl^ country, it will be
adopted.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire merely to state,
for the benefit of my friend from Kansas, that it
might possibly be well for him to wait for some
' three or four months before seeking to claim the
paternity of this bill, and it) all probability the
very papers that are abusing him for having in-
troduced the bill, provided he will let the Senator
from Ohio take the responsibility of it, will be
better friends of his in the future..
! rose merely for the purpose of offering an
amendment. 1 believe there is no amendment
pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
amendment pending to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. HENDERSON. I 'move to amend the
amendment by striking out in the sixteenth and
seventeenth lines of the first section the words
"in actual possession." As the section now
stands, the provision is that no person can "make
any contract whatever for the sale, loan, or de-
livery of any gold coin or bullion, or foreign
exchange, of which the person making such con-
tract shall not at the time of making such contract
be the bona fide owner in actual possession." It
seems to me that that provision would prevent
the sale of a bill of exchange that was founded
upon a shipment to Europe. Suppose a party
having made a large shipment of wheat, pork, or
any oilier agricultural product, or of any manu-
factured articles, from the city of New York to
London or Liverpool, should attempt to negotiate
a bill of exchange upon the bill of lading; in such
case, I ask, could it be done' Would he be in
actual possession ? Whatac.tual possession^vouUI
he have? Again, suppose an individual in my
State, in the city of St. Louis, should desire to
sell gold. He can, to be sure, sell it at his place
of business in the city of St. Louis; but suppose
he has his gold upon deposit in the city of New
York,can that sale be made? 1 undertake to say
that it cannot under this bill, because he is not in
actual possession. Why not strike out these
words? It will be amply sufficient to limit the
clause to the bona fide ownership, without saying
that the owner shall be in actual possession of
the article.
I havestated twocases where, in my judgment,
the clause a« stands would absolutely prohibit
the transaction, and I think the words shoulu be
Stricken out. It seems to me to be sufficient to
require that foreign exchange or gold coin shall
not be purchased except with United States notes
or national cuirency; but as the bill now stands
 antf the Senate have twice voted down propo-
sitions to amend it in this repect—a bill of ex-
change 011 Europe cannot be purchased even with
gold, and vice versa. It is certainly the most re-
markable bill I have ever seen. I did at one time
think of saying something upon it; but that is cer-
tainly unnecessary now, after the very able argu-
ment made this morning by the Senator from Ver-
mont and the arguments of the other Senators who
have spoken against it.
I hold that the bill will do no^good whatever.
Certainly the constitutional objections to it are
amply sufficient to prevent its passage; but with-
out regard to those, I deny the efficacy of any such
measure as a matter of expediency and a matter
of policy. I think the Secretary of the Treasui y
is very much mistaken in supposing that it is going
to accomplish the end that he desires. It is al-
ways a dangerous species of legislation which at-
tempts lo interfere with contiacts of any sort, and
it is certainly exceedingly dangerous for Congress
to undertake to interfere with contracts within the
States. It will not do to say, as the Senator from
-Ohio more than intimated yesterday, that because
Congress can .pass laws applicable to the. District
of Columbia, it can therefore go into the States
nnd pass such laws; that because it can punish
p-amblinw in the District of Columbia, it can theie-
fore punish gambling in my State or the State
of New York. Such legislation lias never heic-
tofore been attempted, and I regret that it should
be thought necessary by the Secretaiy of the
Treasury or anybody else at the present time.
I was not present when the bill was passed
some time ago which enabled the Secretary of the
Treasury to put gold upon the market for sale.
' If I had been here 1 might possibly have voted
for it because the Secretary thought it was neces-
sary, not because I should have thought that it
would enable him to keep down the price of
gold. It has been a total failure, and this meas-
ure will be a total failure. It is utterly lutile for
us, unless we can keep up the character of the
currency of the United States, to undettake to
interfere with the price ofgold. There is but one
way for us to do it, as has been intimated by the
Senator from Vermont and others, and that is by
taxation. Otherwise wo cannot keep up our
notes, and gold will continue to go up.
I see there is a disposition to pass the bill; I
see that it will pass; and although I cannot vote
for it in any shape, as the Senate desire to pass
it, and as it is thought necessary for the good of
our finances at the present time, itought certainly
to be passed in such a form as to be as unobjec-
tionable as possible. We should not undertake
to interfere with bona fide tiansactionsany further
than we can help. Xt seems that having passed
an act declaring United States Treasury notes to
be a legal tender, we are now attempting to con-
fine all transactions in the countiy to legal-tender
notes. This bill prohibits a man from buying a
foreign bill of exchange except with Treasury
notes. Can he buy the bill of exchange with
produce? Can he buy it with wheat? Can he
buy it with corn? Can he buy it with any pro-
buy    - . . .
duction whatever? He certainty cannot under
this bill. There is but one thing with which he
can buy it, and that is United States notes, inter-
est bearing or legal tender, and he must pay those
notes for it at the time. That is the provision.
Although I shall vote against the bill under
any circumstances, I think certain amendments
ought to be made; and 1 hope the Senator from
Ohio will give up his objections to amending the
bill in the eleventh and twelfth lines of the" first
section, either ill the manner proposed by the
Senator from New York [Mr. Harris] or by the
Senator from New Hampshne, [Mi. Clark.]
Ceitainly one or the other of these amendments
ought to be made. If a man wants to sell his
exchange abroad for anything else than Treasury
notes, let him do so. 1 would not undertake to
limit a transaction of that character._ Rut, sir, I
did not intend to say anything on this subject; 1
rose simply to move to strike out the words " in
actual possession,"at the end of the first section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not go through the
argument again, but I wish to correct one or two
misapprehensions into which the Senator from
Missouri has fallen, and I shall not further take
up the time of the Senate. The Senator says
that 1 said yesterday that because we could pro-
hibit gaming m this District therefore we could
prohibit gaming anywhere. I did not say so.
Mr. HENDERSON. I drew it as an inference
from the Senator's argument; I diu not say that
he so stated his proposition. As an answer to
the objection that had been uiged by the Senator
from Pennsylvania that no such legislation could
be had, the Senator from Ohio said that Congress
could prohibit gaming in the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania insisted that an act against gaming could
not be enforced, and therefore such acts ought
not to be passed. 1 answered that all gaming acts
were evaded, but still every nation, every State,
and every community passes laws against gam-
ing. The mere fact that they arc not always en-
forced is not an argument against passing them.
That is what I said. So in regard to the other
point, I said power was given to us to borrow
money; Congress may borrow money on the
credit of the United Slates; wo have issued our
notes in the form of notes payable oil demand,
and Congress has decided that those notes shall
be a legal tender for private debts between man
and man, and shall be received by the national
Government!!! payment of the public debts,shall
be paid to soldiers and to all persons to whom we
have payments to make. That is settled, and
every argument that has been adduced to-day by
the Senator from Vermont we heard here two
years ago on the legal-lender question.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me suggest to the
Senator that although we have made Treasury
notes a legal tender we have not declared that the
soldier or anybod y else may not take a State note
if he desires to do so in payment of his debt.
Now, let me ask the Senator if he does not pro-
vide by this bill that a bsna fide transaction for
the sale ofgold or foreign exchange shall not he
made except for United States Treasury notes?
Mr. SHERMAN. The question now put to
me has nothing to do with the .point 1 was dis-
cussing, and I wish to go back and answer the
point taken by the Senator from Missouri before.
He says the Constitution does not authoiize this.
I say the same provision of the Constitution which
authorized us to make these notes a legal tender
authorizes us to protect them against the opera-
tions of men who seek to discredit the national
currency. That is the only answer I can make.
I might go over the whole argument again, and .
we might spend a day or two .on that collateral
argument presented by the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. GRIMES. How protect them? By simply
saying that nothing else shall be received except
them ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. Cannot we do that in regard
to any other transaction in the world?
Mr. SHERMAN, lam willing to answer two
or three at a time; but I wish first to get through
with the Senator from Missouri. The Senator
makes another statement, that under the opera-
tions of this bill, if he has produce on the way
to England, lie cannot draw a bill of exchange
against it and sell that bill of exchange. There
is nothing to prevent it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I certainly cannot have
"actual possession" of it then, though I might
be the bona fide owner.
Mr. SHERMAN. He cannot sell his bill of
exchange against produce in Europe unless he
receives the money for it, cash in hand. That is
all. can sell the bill of exchange for cash.
This will not interfere with any business opera-
tion. Where the exchange or gold or bullion is
on hand, and where the sale is made in good faith
for money, there is no trouble about it.
And now I will reply to the suggestion of the
Senator from Iowa. He says this bill prevents
a person from taking the notes of a State bank.
So it does, because the United States does not re-
gard anything as money except its own notes,
and the national currency, and gold. Its own
notes and the national currency are now its money.
It does not legislate to protect and provide for
other money. If the State money is good it can
very easily beconverted i n to UnitcdStates money,
and thus used. There is no practical difficulty
in regard to the last clause. The last clause only
gives a distinct meaning to the phrase, " the bona
fide owner," by adding the words, "in actual
possession."
Mr. HENDERSON. But can a merchant m
St. Louis sell his gold when it is on deposit in
New York? - . .
Mr. SHERMAN. If I have money m Ohio,
I am as much in possession of it as it 1 have it
in my pocket here.
Mr. HENDERSON. Rut that is not "actual
possession."
Mr. SHERMAN. This is to prevent any
merely speculative operations. Where it is ap-
parent that the opeiation is a bona fide one, in the
ordinary course of business, there is no practical
difficulty in the way, though theoretical or con-
jectural difficulties may be made as to the opera-
tion of any bill of this kind.
Mr. POWELL. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio one question: if a man has gold,
and desires to buy a bill offoieign exchange with
it, can he do so, and pay the gold for it, under
'this bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. A man may certainly go
to any broker or banker in the United States, or
to any lawyer or any other individual, sell his
gold or money, and he may use that money in
ordinary transactions, buying bills of exchange,
or anything else. There is no legitimate opera-
tion in the ordinary course of business that I can
conceive of that may not be transacted under tho
operation of this bill.
Mr. POWELL. I tlunk the honoiable Sena-
tor is mistaken in that. Under the provisions of
this bill a man cannot buy gold or foreign ex-
change with anything but the paper money of
the United States. 1 think that is clear and ex-
plicit, for the language of the bill is:
It shall lie unlawful lo make any contract for the pur-
chase or safe, or for the loaii or deliveiy, of any gold com
or bullion, or of any foreign exchange , at any time sub^e-
