624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH stated that his.
colleague, Mr. A. W. Clark, was confined to his
room by sickness.
-The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
TheSPEAKERsaid: As there has been a ques-
tion rajsed in regard .to this resolution, the Chair
will state that upon an examination of the files
and Journals of the House it has been found that
upon the 17th of December last the memorial of
Charles Lanman, including this resolution, was
presented- by the gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Dbming] and referr«d to the Committee on
Printing; so-that the committee had cognizance
of the subject.
•Mr. HOLMAN. It appears, then, that the
House did not in fact refer the resolution to the
committee, butit was filed with a memorial under
the rules.
The SPEAKER. The House did not adopt
it, or it would not be before the House now; but
it was referred under the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. It would seem thatunderthe
act of 1856 members have to pay for these books
or have the amount deducted from their salaries;
so that the result of the vote does not materially
affect the public interests. In this I may be mis-
taken.
RAILROAD FROM NEW YORK TO WASHINGTON.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill to
provide for the construction of a line of railroad
communication between the cities of Washington
and New York, and to constitute the same a public
highway, a military road, and a post route of the
United States.
Several Members objected.
DANIEL WORMER.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Daniel
Wormer; which was read a first and second lime
by its title, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar, and ordered to be printed.
GRANT OF LANDS TO MICHIGAN.
Mr. DRIGGS. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to let the vote referring the bill in
relation to a grant of lands to Michigan to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
be reconsidered, and let the bill be printed,and
recommitted to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that the bill
ought to be considered in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. If recommitted the
committee may report it back and put it upon its
passage without due consideration.
Subsequently Mr. Hoi.man withdrew his ob-
jection, tne vote on the motion to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the;
Union was reconsidered, and tho bill was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
CIRCUIT COURTS ON TUB PACIFIC.
On motion of Mr. McBRIDE, by unanimous
consent, bill of the Senate No. 5J, amendatory
of and supplementary to "An act to piovide cir-
cuit courts for the districts of California and Oie-
gon,and for other purposes," approved March 1,
1863, was taken from the Speaker's table, read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
SPKKDY TRANSPORTATION OF MAILS.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
reported back a bill to secure the speedy tians-
portation of the mails, and moved that the same
be recommitted to the committee, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN w. CLARK.
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
John W. Clark and the affidavits of John Bran-
non and Mclntyre Key, and the same were laid
upon the table.
PAY OF OFFICERS OF UNITED STATES COURTS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Committee
on the Judiciary was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of criers and officers
attached to the United States courts for the south-
ern district of New Yoik for fixed salaries; and the
same was laid upon the table.
SALARIES OF JUDGES OF DISTRICT COLUMBIA.
On motion of Mr. BOUTWELL, the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial of members of
the bar of the District of Columbia, praying an
increase of the salaries of the judges of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and the same was laid upon
the table.
JOSEPH FORD.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill confirming the
title of Joseph Ford to certain lands in Rice coun-
ty, in the State of Minnesota; which was read a
first and second time by its title.
Mr. THAYER. I will ask the House to put
this bill upon its passage; and with the consent of
the House I will make a very brief explanation*
of the facts on which the bill is founded.
The bill is unanimously reported by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, and the facts upon
which it is based are these: Joseph Ford is a
Private soldier in the Army of the United States,
n 1855 he filed a preemption claim to'one hundred
and sixty acres ofland situate in Rice county, in
the State of Minnesota. In 1858, three years
afterwards, he purchased, in good faith, a land
warrant which he located upon those one hundred
and sixty acres. He entered into possession and
expended about twelve hundred dollars in im-
provements upon the land thus entered. Five
years subsequently, to wit, in the year 1863, he
was notified that the land warrant which he had
purchased in good faith and located, and under
which he had entered upon and improved those
lands was invalid, for the reason thatit had been
obtained, as was alleged, by false and fraudulent
pretenses, and that his title was consequently
yoid. About the time of receiving this notice
which, as I have said, was five years after he had
purchased and located the warrant and made his
improvements, he volunteered as a private soldier
in the Army of tho United States, and he has been
in the Army ever since. It has thus been utterly
impossible for him to raise the money necessary
to make a fresh entry of the lands, or to buy a
new land warrant. He purchased the original
land warrant in good faith. It had passed through
several hands, and he paid a full price for it. The
invalidity of the warrant, if it be invalid, was
owing probably to the neglect of the officers of
the United States in issuing it originally. The
committee have thought that whatever might be
the state of the law with regard to the question
arising as between Ford and the United States,
owing to the peculiar circumstances of his case,
he having abandoned his home and family in
order to fight the battles of his country, and it
being thus out of his power to raise a sufficient
sum to pay twice for his lands, and his wife and
children being in danger, unless Congress inter-
feres for his relief, of being turned out of their
home, while he is in the service of his country,
the committee under these circumsUyiccs unani-
mously reported this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the
permission of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
I desire to say a word.
Mr. THAYER. I yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The case
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania states
appeals veiy strongly to the sympathy of the
House, but it seems to me that in passing this
hill we should be making a very dangerous prece-
dent hereafter.
Now, as I understand the law in relation to the
location of land warrants, where a land wairant
is located in good faith and it turns out after-
waids to be defective, the Land Office, in consid-
e.ation of that good faith, permits the party to get
another land warrant and thus secure his title"to
the land. It seems from the statement that the
gentleman makes that this party would have that
tight precisely as any other party would have;
but the gentleman makes the point that he, being
in the military service, is unable to raise the money
necessary to replace this defective land wariant.
Now,sir, if it be true that this land is worth
$1,200, it seems to me very strange that the money
could not be raised to replace this land wariant,
which at most would not amount to more than
$100. I think this is improper legislation, and I
think the House should hesitate to make a prece-
dent in a case like this which will change the rule.
Mr. THAYER. I am not able to appreciate
the point made by the gentleman from Illinois.
1 will, however,correct one statementoffact which
he has made. The land warrant which Ford
located cost him §200.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
make any point on that. I made the point that
land warrants are now worth only about half the
minimum price of the public lands-—but seventy-
five cents an acre, or a little more—and^ j,t would
therefore cost about one hundred and fifty dollars
to replace the defective land warrant which Ford
located.
Mr. THAYER. I do not know how much it
would cost to replace the warrant which was
bought and located in good faith by this d&dier,
but I do know that he paid §200 in cash fl^it in
1858, and that in the interval that elapsed between
1858 and 1863, a period of five years, he received
no notice whatever affecting his title, and that
during that time he made valuable improvements
upon the lands which he had located.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Was he not
advised that he could, at any time after the dis-
covery that the land warrant which he had located
was defective, replace it by another land war-
rant?
Mr. THAYER. Certainly; I have expressly
stated that in 1863, five years after locating his
warrant, and after he had expended such money
as was at his command in building a house for
the shelter of his family and improving a portion
of these one hundred and sixty acres—for that is
the whole amount in controversy—he was sud-
denly notified by the Land Office that the warrant
under which he had located his land, and which
he bought in good faith, was invalid, not by any
fault of his,but because,as I maintain, there was
laches on the part of the officers of the Government
of the United States in issuing a land warrant to
a person who was not entitled to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
ask the gentleman a question, for I desire to
understand this matter. He speaks of laches yn
the part of officers of the Government in issuing
this land warrant. I would like to know in what
respect? There is no pretense, I presume, that
the land warrant issued by the Government was
not a good warrant. It may have been invalid,
perhaps, on account of a defective assignment,
and if that be the case, if this party bought the
warrant with a defective assignment, then the
party who sold it to him is responsible for the
amount which he paid. If we vote this man his
land he not only gets the land, but he recovers
from the party of whom he purchased the land
warrant the whole amount that he paid for it.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman from Illinois
is entirely mistaken. It is not owing to any de-
fect in the assignment of the land warrant. It is
expressly found by the committee and shown to
the committee that the invalidity is owing to the
fact that it is alleged by the land officers that the
warrant was originally obtained by false and
fraudulent pretenses. There is no allegation on
the pait of anybody that thewarrantis not a per-
fectly good warrant on its face. There is nothing
on its face to put anybody on his inquiry about it.
It is on its face as good a warrantas any Treasury
note issued by the Treasury of the United States
is on its face a good Treasury note. It was un-
der such circumstances that, the soldier bought the
warrant. The assignment was perfectly regular.
! He had entered the land and had expended the ac-
cumulations of his toil upon it. And five years
after he had pui chased the warrant, thus perfectly
good on its face, he is suddenly notified, by the
Land Office that it was obtained by the original
owner from the Land Office by false pretenses. No
one, I appiehend, can impute to this man any
laches or neglect. No one can say that anybody
j would notbe deceivedin purchasing this warrant.
I The gentleman from Illinois thinks that this
man ought to buy another warrant and locate it.
I am disposed to think that perhaps a very nice
question of law might arise between the legal title
of the United States and the equity of this man.
1 do not propose now to argue that question. I
think that the circumstances of the-case aie such
as appeal to every man in the House. On re-
ceiving notice of the invalidity of the warrant he
