1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2647
said further, that \a*hen the Governor should ap-
point me an aid with the rank of colonel of cav-^
airy, he would appointme division inspector,and
that under the law I would have the right to mus-
ter into the service of the United States. General
Schofield went to Governor Gamble and obtained
a commission for me. He then brought it to me
and appointed me division inspector, with author-
ity to recruit a regiment. Here I have it under
his own authority, in his own handwriting. I
received it in the month of December, during
the winter of 1861-62, the coldest winter with
perhaps the exception of last winter which we
ever had in Missouri. The country was full of
rebels, and I was admonished by my friends not
to undertake to raise a regiment. They told me
that I would be killed. 1 could not get a Union
man to travel aiound with me to raise a regiment.
1 circulated a printed notice that 1 would be at
certain places to receive recruits. 1 went through
the different counties with a servant to guide my
mules. By the 1st of March I had a regiment
ready. They were not mustered in until April,
because the Government was unable to furnish
them clothing and outfits.
So far as my duties were concerned they were
ended in March, 1 have never held, any position
since. True, I have not said to Governor Gamble
to revoke my commission. He knew that since
then I have not been aid to the Governor. I have
had nothing: to do with the military since that,
but I am proud to know that the military—and I
have yet t<5 learn that they ever thought other-
wise—looked upon me as their friend when I be-
came a candidate for Congress. 1 am proud to
know that 1 had their sympathy and support.
Now, I ask this House where the evidence is
that the military interfered with the voting of any
man in my district? There is none whatever.
And I say further that there was no military
order emanating from the commander of that dis-
trict. General Curtis was in command, and he
did not, so far as I have learned, interfere directly
or indirectly with the elections in that State.
But what did our Governor do? At the in-
stance of somebody, I know not who, he issued
an order that men should be detailed at the vari-
ous places of voting, not to see-whether disloyal
men voted, not to see that they did not vote, but
to protect all legal voters, under the constitution
and under the ordinance of Missouri, in voting
just as they pleased. Although I did not ask for
the order, 1 saw no objection to it; and I have
never heard that on the day of election in my
district any military man in any county or any
pi*ecinct ever undertook to question the right of
any man to vote. There was no military order
fixing the qualification of voters. The ordinance
of the convention of Missouri fixed the qualifica-
tion of voters, and the judges of elections had the
right to judge of those qualifications. What were
those qualifications? Theoath required to be taken
by a voter was read before this House in the case
of Loan and Bruce, and 1 will not trouble the
House by reading it now. It prescribed the qual-
ification of voters. Every voter had to take it,
and there was no question as to whether a voter
should take it or might vote without taking it,
as every man, loyal or disloyal, had to take it.
Under the ordinance of Missouri every man who
came forward and took that oath was entitled to
vote.
Now, it is said that I shaped my course so as
to prevent men from voting. That is not true.
Well, this ordinance, as to the qualification of
voters, says that any man who takes a false oath
ahall be subject to indictment for perjury; ftnd
further, that the judges of the court should give that
ordinance m charge to the grand jury. Well, Mr.
speaker, I always tried to do my duty while a
judge, and I simply said to the grand jury, " Here
is the ordinance in reference to the oath to be taken
by voters, and it is made my duty to bring it to your
consideration; and therefore I give the ordinance
in your charge." I was bound to do that. The
judge is not obliged to present to the grand jury
a great part of the criminal law, but 1 geneially
gave the whole criminal code in charge to the
grand jury, for every x offense criminal by out-
laws was indictable.
There-was such a turmoil and strife in Mis-
souii at that time that no man who was not there
can imagine the state of excitement and the many
wondrous opinions that men got up. The coun-
try was full of constitutional lawyers, some in-
terpreting the law and constitution one way, and
sonie another; and they were constantly asking me
what is to be done with the man who takes this
oath falsely and votes. 1 said upon the stump that
if he takes the oath falsely heis liable to be indicted;
but after all, said I, it is a matter of conscience
with the voter; but if he takes it he is entitled to
vote. It is a matter of conscience with him, and
I do not see how you can indict a man who will
take the oath in that way. 1 urged further that
it was their duty to vote, and that I wished them
to vote. This is what my witnesses prove that
I said tothepeople. Ami to be held responsible
for what Dick told Tom that I said, and Tom told
Jim, and Jim told somebody else? Not one in
ten of these men heard my speeches; one heard
one portion, and another another portion, nnd
there are several of them that are unworthy of
credit; and if I had believed that the testimony
taken by the contestant would be admitted here,
their evidence could have been disproved.
Now, sir, let me relate to the House the man-
ner m which this testimony of events at Russell -
ville in my county was obtained. The deposi-
tions which I took show that they were taken
on the 10th of March, 1862. The deposition
which the contestant took in reference to what I
said at Russellville was taken in the November
following. When he was at Richmond cross-
examining my witnesses, he took Colonel Black
out and asked him if he was atRussellville on the
day I spoke. " Yes," said the colonel, "1 was
there. "Did you hear Judge King speak?"
" I did." " What was the purportof his speech
in reference to the matter now under considera-
11011?" " Governor Kingmade no such declara-
tions as you charge upon him; he did notthreaten
that anybody should be put on the disloyal list;
Lieutenant Emery was not upon the stand with
him, hut after the candidates had done speaking
he made a speech."
Now, Lieutenant Emery is a very clever young
man, but afflicted with a good deai more zeal than
discrotion. He camc down pretty heavily on
Birch, and icbels generally, and he did talk
something of what ought to ho done with men
that wouid vote for Birch. Colonel Black has
stated that when Lieutenant Emery came down
from the stand Governor King reprimanded him,
took him to task, and told him that he regretted
that he had heard such remarks fall from his lips.
1 did so, and told him that I wanted it understood
that I was not responsible for such remarks, al-
though he had been speaking very favoiably of me.
" Well," said this young lieutenant," I do not ask
you to be responsible; t am responsibleforwh.it
I say myself." And everybody who knows the
young man, knows that that is his temper, and
perhaps his greatest fault is a little moiezeal than
discretion Out in our country men talk as they
please. We do not muzzle men; and if friends
of mine say indiscreet things, am I to be held re-
sponsible? In our election discussions we gener-
ally go into what may be called committee of the
whole, where every man has u right to speak,
and if what a man says is not very interesting, he
lias haid work to get an audience. We have no
previous question or hour rule there. I took the
depositions of five witnesses, four of whom heard
what I said at Russellville, and the contestant did
not ask any one of them a single question in ref-
erence to what I did say. Why ? Because he
found that they would put me right. He waited
until the next November, after I had left home to
come on to Washington, to take the deposition of
a fellow by the name of Cox, whom foe suborned
and took up into his own county to obtain his
deposition. And who is this fellow Cox? 1 did
not know who he was, hut I have letters from
responsible men in the township in which he lives
who tell me that they can get fifty men to sweat
that what he states in his deposition is a lie, and
that he is unworthy of credit anywhere, i can
prove that by the best men in my county. I knew
nothing about this deposition until the contestant
inveigled it into the hands of the Speaker, and had
it referred to the Committee of Elections.
But he took another deposition of a young man
of the name of Ellis,a refugee, a man who rais.-d
the firstsecession company in my county,and who
afterwaids wrote a most treasonable letter to his
brother-in-law in the southern army down in Mis-
sissippi, for which he was arrested; and if he had
not broken jail-he wouid now have been serving
his time in the penitentiary at Alton or some-
where else. He broke jail, and fhe lsfst I hear,d of
him he was in the gorge of the Rocky mountains.
No notice was given to me of the intention to takb
the deposition of Ellis. I have a copy of the let-
ter from -him written to his brother-in-law, in
which he says: u I saw Judge Bitch last week,
and told him his proper place to be a candidate was
for the congress at Richmond, not at Washing-
ton." That is the only truth in the letter.
1 now want to state to the House how these
depositions were got before the Committee of
Elections. The law says that after the canvass-
ers have declared the result of an election, any
person desiring to contest the election shall give
notice to the person getting the ccrtificatc within
thiity days after the canvassers have declared the
result; and the person receiving the certificate
shall have thirty days longer to put in his answer,
and then each party has sixty days to take dep-
ositions. After that time expires no deposition
shall be taken in the case except by resolution of
the House of Representatives. The time expired
for taking depositions on 10th March, 1862. But
the contestant was in such a hurry that, ten days
before the result was declared by the canvassers,
he notified me that he would contest my seat.
The notice was served on me on the 12th of De-
cember, and the canvasscrs aid not declare the
result till the 12th. The contestant gave me no-
tice at the same time that he would take deposi-
tions; and the only batch of depositions 1 care a
straw about woro those which he took the identi-
cal day the canvassers declared the result, on the
12th of December, 1862. I paid no attention to
the notice. It was not in accordance with the
law. The depositions weie not, as the law re-
quires, immediately scaled up and sent to the
Clerk of the House. The testimony of the man
who took them, amKwho was not authorized
under the law to take them—a notary public—is
that, at the lequcstof the contestant, he laid them
away subject to the older of Lhe contestant. He
put them in his sufu, instead of sealing them and
sending them to the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives. They lay there till the next May,
when Jo. Halt, with his marauding band^mssod
through the county, went to the court-house,
and a
tions
mong other things removed these depost-
und took them to thebrush. Finding, ns
the testimony shows, that they were private
papers, and, as 1 say, that they would be of mote
use to his fiiend Birch than they e.ould possibly
be to him, he sent them back to Birch. Birch
carried them in his pocket without being sealed
up till they were worn sleek. He went to the
Missouri convention and made a speech m which
he said,'4 Here are depositions w hich I have taken,
and which I intend to use at Washington ulti-
mately, but it will do no harm to use them here."
He quoted them, and they were printed in hm
speech and ciiculatcd through the State. This
contestant has had them in his possession since
they were eo returned to htm.
The contestant took a number of other deposi-
tions, but not a single one of them ever found its
way to the Clerk of the House of Repicsentatives.
How did he get them before the Committee of
Elections? I learn that he had procured my col-
league [Mr. Rollins] to oiFer them. He went
to my colleague and said that he would be obliged
if he would give notice that he would contest my
seat. 1 told my colleague that if he would ofi'ei
these depositions i intended to object lo their go-
ing to the Committee of Elections. This contestant
finding that out, went to the Speaker, and with ali
that bland palavering manner which he is so ca-
pable of, said, " Heie are my depositions. Mi.
Rollins is out of his seat; 1 would be glad if you
would take them and lay them before the House,
that they may go to the Committer of Elections.M
The Speaker, not knowing what they were, as a
mattei of course laid them before the House,
and 1, sitting in my seat, somewhat a nowce m
legislative affairs, math- no objection. If i had
known as much thi-n as I do now, 1 would have
risen m my place to a question of privilege and
brought the matter right up. But they were re-
feried in that way to the Committee of Elections,
and when I named the matter to the Speaker, he
said he knew nothing about it,and I have no idea
hcjlid. He said to me that it was a good point
to make befoie the Committee ol Election^, l uld
