u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■[February 25,
38th OosfG....lsT Sess.
Disposition of Freed Negroes—Mr. Davis.
Ho. op Reps.
them; but when I act, I prefer toactholdly, frank- |
ly, openly. Therefore I am not in favor of doing |
it by indirection, by putting this or that or the i
oilier ambiguous provision upon an enrollment
bill or upon a revenue bill. I prefer by far to
appeal to the sovereign authority in this country,
the people of the United States. I shall not an-
ticipate or enter upon a discussion of measures that
may be presented before Congress further than to
Buy that I rejoice that the proposition has come
from the Senator from Missouri,-[Mr. Hender-
son,] and from a recent slave State, one of the
States mostdeeplyinterested; ithas alreadybeen
presented to this body and it has been referred to
the-Committee on the Judiciary and is before that
committee for its consideration and action, a prop-
osition which appeals at once to a tribunal above
Co ngress, above the d ecrees of the S u prame Court,
above the proclamations ofthe President, in which
resides the sovereign source of power, the people
of the United States, to have them declare as a
part of the Constitution of the United States, the
fundamental law of the land, the final and irre-
pealable decree that from and after a certain day
slavery and involuntary servitude shall neither
exist in any State nor in any Territory of the
United States, except in punishment of crime.
I shall not enter into a discussion of that ques-
tion at the present time, for I will riot anticipate
the action, whatever it may be, of our committee
upon that subject. I shall waituntil their report
comes into the Senate, simply saying for myself
that if this Government is to act at all in a legis-
lative capacity, I prefer to act in the mode pro-
vided by the Constitution itself. Let two thirds
of both Houses of Congress submit the proposi-
tion to the Legislatures of three fourths of the
States, and when ratified by them there will be no
appeal from their decision. It will then rest upon
a solid ground which no laws of Congiess, no de-
crees of the Supreme Court, no change of parties
or of Presidents can shake, enduring and eternal
as th« Government itself.
I therefore, Mr. President, conclude by saying
that I concur in the wisdom of that course which
I believe the chairman of our Military Committee
proposes to adopt, and that is to present his bill
on the subject of the pay of colored troops in our
armies separate and distinct by itself, unembar-
rassed with all other considerations.
w.spoxrnoN of freed negroes.
SPEECH OF HON. II. W. PAVTS,
OF MART LAND,
In the House op Representatives,
February 25, 1864.
The House resumed the consideration of the bill (U. K.
No. 51) to establish a ihireau of Freedmen'f. Affair.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker and
gentlemen, the bill winch is now under consider-
ation involves a subject forced on us by thecvents
of the war, and which must be determined one
way or the other—the disposition of the freed ne-
groes in the rebel States. The range of debate
lias naturally been very wide upon a bill of tins
character; and topics not, perhaps, at first sight
very directly related to it have been dragged into
the discussion.
The votes of the gentlemen from the loyal slave
States cost anew light on the mind of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] respecting
the fate of the negro race on this continent. But
while he justly appreciated the great and decisive
weight of that-vote upon the speakership of this
House, he took occasion to discredit the moral
power of that vote by impeaching the election of
the Representatives who cast it. He thinks they
speak words not authorized by the people, lie
said:
" I know that the people of Maryland and of Delaware, if
they had been allowed to vote, intended nofcuchdeerec''—
That is, of emancipation—
<fA d J know that it is paid those two States srp bettci
jppresented by the honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Scis£NCKj than by their Representatives here."
)f this were merely meant as a compliment to
my distinguished friend from Ohio I would be
umong the first toadmitthatany districtofMary-
Itfii'i, up wi.l! ni any in Nvnv York, would be bet-
ter represented by him than by any gentleman j
representingeitherState—even tbogeutleman from |
New York. But when it conies in the shape of
an imputation upon the validity and moral force
of the election, it questions the legitimacy of the
Administration majority in this House, and must
not pass unanswered. When the gentleman from
New York says "it is said those two States are
better represented by the honoiable gentleman
from Ohio than by those who represent them
here," no person who cares to have any respect
for his knowledge ofthe public affairs of the day
has so said. And when the honorable gentleman
says that "he knows that the people of Maryland
and Delaware, had they been allowed to vote, in-
tended no such decree," I desire to say that the
honorable gentleman from New York does not
know any such thing, and knows no fact that
makes the enorexcusable.
" Had they been allowed to vote i" Who hin-
dered them from voting? Where were they stop-
ped from voting? "The people of Maryland!'1
if the gentleman means to say that because the
people of Maryland determined that the traitors of
Maryland, who disavowed their allegiance to the
Government, should not tarnish the ballot-box by
their votes, we differ about the terms, but not
about the facts. We did mean they should not
vote, and we so meant because by the laws of
Maryland such men are not entitled to vote.
They who disavow, deny,and disown theft- alle-
giance to the United States, and declare and avow
they are not citizens of the United States, have no
right to vote; and so the judges of elections held,
almost from one end of Maryland to the other. If
that is not good election law, this House can say
so; the General Assembly of Maryland can say
so; and if both be silent the law is confessed.
If the gentleman referred to the complaints
which aie made of the interference of the military
in the election, I desire to say that that complaint
comes from nobody but the heated partisans who
howl because they are beaten. Even they con-
fined the complaint to one single congressional
district out of live,and to four out of eight coun-
ties in that congressional district; and therefore,
conceding everything thnt is complained of, and
everything that is inferred from the complaint, we
have an undisputed election in four fifths of the
State, which the gentlemen who make the com-
plaint do not dispute. No one questions the elec-
tion ofthe honorable member from the fifth con-
gressional district, {Mr. Harris,] where the
divided Union vote was overborne by the united
secession vote, and where the aggregate vote of
the district fell only a little below the normal vote
of the district before the rebellion attracted many
of its young men to the rebel lanks.
My honorable friend in mv eye from the second
Congressional district [Mr. Wkbster] could find
no competitor to meet him before the people.
The distinguished gentleman, the senior of the
delegation [Mr. Thomas] from the fourth con-
gressional district, is here for the second time ad
unopposed candidate. And I am here because
my political opponents did not care to take the re-
sponsibilities of a canvass, although aided and
uiged to oppose me by a distinguished adviser of
the President up to within a week of the election.
So that of all the State of Maryland, whose elec-
tion is here impeached, in three fifths of it there
was no contest whatever; in one fifth there was a
contest in which our opponents had so free an
election that they have their Representative on
this floor; and in the other fifth the contest is only
impeached in four of the eight counties; and if the
whole vote which was not cast in that district be
added to the aggregate vote of our opponents, the
emancipationists will still have a majority of thir-
teen or fourteen thousand in the State. And yet,
in the face of such facts, a gentleman, who is en-
titled to be regarded os an intelligent observer of
public affairs, uses here and says that he knows
that if the people of Maryland had been ■permitted
to vote they would not have allowed the emanci-
pation candieate for comptroller to carry the State
by twenty thousand majority !
In Delaware the case is still more absurd; for
after an animated canvass the opponent of the
Representative from that State withdrew on the
eve of the election; and yet the vote for the gen-
tleman from Delaware was the largest ever cast
in thatState for any candidate, and a majority of
the whole vote of the State.
Mr. Speaker, the Legislature of Maryland is
overwhelmingly Union, but not overwhelmingly
for emancipation. There is a majority in the Sen-
ate opposed to it, and there is a majority in the
House who were not in favor of it when they
came to Annapolis; because, though elected by
emancipation constituencies they were nominated
before their constituents, had developed their views
upon the subject, Butthiselection which the gen-
tleman from New York wishes to impeach cariied
with it such moral power that its enemies in the
Senate and its lukewarm and doubtful friends in
the House of Delegates are dragged backward
over their prejudices and compelled to pass just
such a bill as we dictated to them, and it stands
now the law of the State of Maryland by the votes
of a majoiity of both Houses of the Legislature.
They confessed to that moral power which the
honorable gentleman ignorantly denies.
" Slavery is dead," says the honorable gentle-
man. u Slavery is dead," is echoed by some on
this side of the House. "Slavery is dead," is
echoed from the too sanguine people of the coun-
try. He may be a very sick man, Mr. Speaker,
but I assure gentlemen of this House and the
country that ho is not dead; and if he is not done
to death he will be your master again. That is
my opinion, and 1 think my friend from Kentucky
in my eye [Mr. Mallory] agrees with me.
Slavery is not dead in Maryland. We have to
carry a majority of the conventioivon the old sla-
very apportionment, where one fourth of the pop-
ulation ties the body; and whether the hostile in-
fluence that presides near thePresideVt'searwdl
allow Maryland to become a free State, oi will fail
her in her hour of need, remains yet to be seen.
| Up to this day Maryland is under no obligations
I to the President of the United States for the great
! studes that the cause of emancipation has made
there. A convention of the loyal men, the email-
cipationistsofMaryland,on theSQd of this month,
while declaring themselves in favor of immediate
and unconditional emancipation, and while ex-
pressing their confidence in the Presidentand their
appreciation of his services, added this significant
admonition, worthy of the State and ofthe people
that uttered it:
uRc<olced, That thi* convention is in fyvor of the entire
and nmnrdi.ite abolition of s-hivciy in tills Stateandm the
Sinter jii rebellion, and is opposed lo any reoiganizalion of
Suite governments in those Htates winch do not tecognize
the immediate and final abolishment of slavei}' as a con-
dition precedent. That this convention express, theii sym-
pathy with the radical emancipationists in and in
Aikan^a*, Tennessee, and Louisiana, and iegret that in-
fluences in the Cabinet have, in Mat y land and those Slates,
depressed the effoif* of the ladieat ft sends of the Adminis-
tration and of emancipation, and given prominence to those
who ate the unwilling advocates of emancipation."
I trust that that admonition will have its weight,
and that these sinister influences will cease to be
the controlling element near tiie presidential ear
in this grave crisis of emancipation in Maryland;
and I desire that the country shall understand
that, being under small obligations to the Piesi-
dent for what lias been done in Maryland up to
this time, the people of Maryland thought it wise
while expressing their confidence in the Presi-
dent to put that significant resolution before him
for his serious consideration, so as to show that
their devotion is not personal, but to principle;
that their interest is in the cause and not in a man,
and that while they will support the man as long
as the man supports the cause, if the cause fail
by any failure elsewhere, there may be a revision
of their judgment respecting the person.
But " slavery is dead in the rebel States." No,
sir. No, sir. Far from it. If our honorable
j friends on the other side elect their Piesident m
j the coming fall, slavery is as alive as it was the
].day.that the first gun blazed against Sumter. If
j we lose the majority in the next Congress, sla-
! very is as powerful as itever was. We are, it is
I true, iii the condition in which we cannot stand
! still. We must go backward or we must go for-
! waid. My face, sir, is to the future. I wish so
j to look at it, and so to say, to the men of my day
I and generation, whatlthinkaboutthegreat meas-
ures which now touch the salvation of the coun-
try, that, whether I be on the winning or on the
losing side, whether the nation triumph or fail,
whenever anybody shall by accident hereafter
