626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Clarke,Cobb, Cole,Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas
T* Bayis, Dawes, Beming, Dixon, Dnggs, Eckley, Eliot,
Famswortb, J,enton,*Finck, Prank, Garfield, Gooch,Grin-
nell, ffigbyj Hooper, Amabel W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Jonckes, Julian, Kasson, Kclley, Francis W.
Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Longyear, Marvin, McBride,
McClurgjMcImloe, Samuel F. Miller, Morrill, Daniel Mor-
ris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, Odell, Charles
0>NeiIl, Orth, Pcrftam, Pomeroy, William H. Randall,
Alexander Hi Uiee, John H. Rice, Schcnek, Seofield,
Shannon, Sloan, Snuthers, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer,
Upson, van Valkenburgh, Elitm B. Washburne, William
B. Washburn, Wilder, Wilson, Window, Woodbridge, and
Yearaan—75.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is there any question now
pending?
The SPEAKER. There is a demand for the
yeas and nays upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCIC. Is there anything to prevent
proceeding now to the consideration of the unioll-
rnentact?
The SPEAKER. The question is on the third
reading; of the joint resolution.
The resolution being engrossed, it was then
?ead the third time, and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSCRIPTION BIM.
Mr. SCHENCIC called up the consideration of
the enrollment hill, and proceeded to correct sev-
eral errors which occurred in the printing of the
substitute offered yesteidayby the Committee on
Military Affairs, and concluded by calling the
previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that demand for a moment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will hear what the gentle-
man has to say.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose, from looking over
this bill, that there will be no disposition to go
overall the amendments which have been made
by the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union if we can get a vote on those matteia in
which the substitute and the amendments differ.
What I propose is that before the previous ques-
tion is called we shall be permitted to offer an
amendment. I propose that we shall dispense
with going over those amendments of the Com-
mittee of the Whole, provided the gentleman will
allow us to offer an amendment, which i. will in-
dicate, and which will make the two conform.
If the House H'jer.t the amendment 1 offer, the
question^wiU come up as between the substitute
and the original bill. If the House adopt or re-
ject my amendment by a fair vole, of course I
Khali vote for the bill. My ptoposition is to strike
out all after the word "draft," in the sixth sec-
lion, and to insert in lieu thereof the words
" during the tune, for which the person was drafted,
unless the roils shall sooner be exhausted," so
as to make the section conform to the amendment
which, by a very huge vote, was adopted by the
Committee of the Whole.
if the gentleman will allow me to offer that
amendment and take a vote upon it, I think we
will all agree to take a vote between the substi-
tute and the original bill. I do not ask the gentle-
man to accept the amendment, but only to let us
have a vote upon it.
Mr. GARFJELD. It would not do at all in
the shape in which it now stands.
The SPEAKER. Unless by unanimous con-
Bent the amendment could not be voted on at this
time.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 know that, and I am there-
fore asking it.
The SPEAKER. The first question will he
upon the various amendments reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I am aware of that, but a
vote can be taken on my amendment by unani-
■ rnous consent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that instead of saying " unless
the roll has been previously exhausted," he shall
say " unless the names placed in the box for draft
shall sooner be exhausted, in which case they
shall be returned to the box." If lie will modify
it in that way 1 will accept it as part of my sub-
stitute.
Mr. STEVENS. Weil, I will do so.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I will accept it.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read the
amendment as modified.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Strike out all after the word " draft," in the fifteenth
line of the 95th page, which i* as follows: "in filling that
quota; and his name shall be retained on the roll in tilling
future quotas; but in no instance shall the exemption of
anv person, on account of his payipent of commutation
money for the procuration of a substitute, extend beyond
one year 5 but at the end ot one year in every such case the
name of any person so exempted jdiall be enrolled agiun, if
not before returned to the enrollment H-4 under the pro-
visions of this section," and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing : " During the time tor which the person is drafted,
unless the name*) placed in the box nhall bo sooner ex-
hausted, in which ease the names Miall be leturned to the
rollso that the clause will lead:
And if any drafted peison shall hereafter pay money for
the procuiation of a substitute, under the provision of the
act to which this is an amendment, such payment of money
shall operate only to relieve such person from draft during
the time for which the person H drafted, unless the names
placed in tin* box shall be sooner exhausted, m which case
the names shall be returned to the toll.
Mr. GARFIELD. It seems to me that the gen-
tleman should state in his amendment to what time
he refers when he speaks of the names being
placed in the box.
Mr. STEVENS. Placed in the box for draft.
Mr. GARFIELD. The names are in the box
for draft all the while.
Mr. STEVENS. The amendment refers to the
names in the box at the time the commutation
money is paid.
Mr. GARFIELD. If it refers to the names in
the box at the time the commutation is paid that
will do; but if it does not it will not do at all.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
that there are names being put in the boxes all the
time, and I suggest that those thus put in and
who have never been liable to draft should take
their chance of draft before those who have al-
ready been liable to diaft. 1 will, however, mod-
ify my amendment so as to read:
Dining the time for which the peison was drafted, unless
the names placed m tin: box foi diaft shall be sooner ex-
hausted, in wlmh vase the name of such poison shall he
H'tumed to the box.
Mr. COFFROTTT. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me to offer an amendment to the
seventeenth .section, for the purpose of calling the
yeas and nays upon it, so that gentlemen may
face their constituents when they go home and
meet the responsibility of rejecting the propo-
sition which I now make.
Mr. SCHENCIC. Let us hear it.
The Clerk read, ae follows:
That tho hoatd of examination of enrolled or drafted
men are required to hold their examinations m tlio county
town of each county where the inhabitants theieof exceed
bcvcn thousand; and the Secretaiy of Wai is authorized,
whenever in his judgment tho inteiusts of the people will
he suh>.eived thereby, to permit oi icquire the boaid of
examination ot enrolled or dialled men to hold their ex
animation at one or tnoie points in any county of the en-
rollment dtbtuct.
Mr. SCHENCK, That matter was fully con-
sidered by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, as it had been before by the
Committee on Military Affairs, and it was settled
in the shape in which it now stands. 1 must,
therefore, decline to yield.
Mr. COFFROTIL If the gentleman will yield
to me. I will make no objection to his bill. What
] want is the yeas and nays on my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCIC. If 1 were to do it, there are
fifty or more amendments which were offered in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
and voted down on winch gentlemen will want
the yeas and nays.
Mr. PENDLETON. I call the attention of (he
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs to
the close of the twenty-sixth section of his bill,
which is in these woids:
The Soeictary of War idiall appoint a commissioner in
each ot* the tlave States repiesentod in Con«rcv* eluuged
to awanl a just compensation not exceeding to each
lojal prison to whom the coloird volunteer may owe ser-
vice, who may volutitooi into the -eivieo of the. United
Suites, payable out of the commutation money, upon the
master treeing the slave,
I think he will find that there has been a ma-
teiial omission. That last sentence as it now
stands makes no sense at all,
Mr.GARFIELD. To whom does the "who"
refer? To the loyal master?
Mr. SCHENCK. The section can be amended
by striking out the words " who may volunteer
into the service of the United States."
Mr. MALLORY. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that I think he would save all
the trouble if he would strike out the whole sec-
tion, We will not object to it. [Laughter.] ^
Mr. SCHENCK. That is so comprehensive
a modification that I cannot consent to it. I ask
my colleague [Mr. Pendleton] whether that will
not effect his purpose ?
Mr. PENDLETON. I think not; for as the
section then stands there is only a provision of
$300 for the loyal master, no matter how many
of his slaves are taken. The "each" refers to
the master, not to the slave. It seems to me that
some words ought to be inserted in the_ seven-
teenth line to indicate that the payment is to be
made for each colored volunteer.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The sentence is
very awkward, but perfectly intelligible.
Mr GARFIEL£)and Mr.PENDLETON con-
sulted as to the best language in which to put the
section.
Mr. GANSON. 1 ask the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs to let me offer the
amendment extending the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus to children.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman must excuse
me.
Mr. ELIOT. I want to call the attention of
the chairman of the Military Committee to sec-
tion twelve. The words "acting volunteer lieu-
tenant" were inadvertently omitted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to their
being added.
The section was amended so as to read:
Sec. 12. Jlndbc it further enactcd, That no pilot, engineer,
master-at-aim«, acting volunteer lieutenant, acting master,
acting ensign, or acting master's mate, having an appoint-
ment or acting appointment as such, and being actually in
the naval sei vice, shall be subject to military draft while
holding such appointment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the chairman
of the committee to modify the twenty-seventh
section so as to make it conform to the action of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, in the substitution of the words "persons
owing service" for the word "slaves."
Mr. SCHENCK. I care little about the word
" slave" so long as we understand what the thing
is. When I look on the statute-book I find the
word " slave" running through it in a thousand
cases, because the term of slave was recognized
as an existing relation between man and man un-
der the laws of the State, although not undei tho
laws of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now submit the amend-
ment agreed on to the twenty-sixth section. It in
to strike out after the words " charged to award"
the words "a just compensation not exceeding
$300 to each loyal person to whom the colored
volunteennay owe service," and to insert in lieu
thereof the words " to each loyal person to whom
the colored volunteer may owe scrvicc a just com-
pensation notexcceding £300 fore very such eolored
volunteer, payable," &c.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 accept that modification.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to substitute for the won! "slaves" in the
clause providing bounty and compensation for
those who have heretofoic enlisted the woids "per-
sons of coloi." I cannot see why slaves should
be put upon a different footing from other colored
persons.
Mr. SCHENCK. I accept that amendment.
I suppose that such was the intention of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
cannot accept amendments to the report of the
Committee of the Whole on thestate of the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir, but there is a sim-
ilar provision in the substitute offered by the Mil-
itary Committee, and the modification is made in
.that.
Mr. COX. I desire to suggest to my colleague
that, owing to the mistakes in the preparation and
printing of the lull, and to the confusion existing
in the Halt, which prevented us understanding
here a word of what has been going on for the
last half hour, he should let this bill go over until
Monday, so that he may have Saturday and Mon-
day morning to examine it more fully.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would be willing to give
a month of time to ms consideration if I could, but,
as it is, I cannot give an hour.
Mr. COX. I do not ask it on behalf of myself,
but on behalf of my colleague.
