1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOSE
county, at the March term, A. D. 1862, and I h^ard noth-
ing in this charge but what became an impartial judge.
The impression it made upon the people, as far as J cart
learn, was a very favorable one. Ilis reference to the
troubles of the country was, m my estimation, such as
should come from one clothed with the majesty of the law.
" Question 5. State what said King said in his speeches
to the people, while candidate for Congress, as to the duty
of men entitled to vote under the ordinance of the Missouri
State convention, and their privilege to do so.
"Answer. So far as I can recollect, after the lapse of
so much time since I heard the remarks of said King in
reference to the right of the people to vote under (he ordi-
nance of the State convention, requiring an oath of the
voters testing their loyalty and their duty to do so, was in
. substancc as follows: that it was the right of every citizen
of the State, (that was duly qalified in respect to age and
residence,) who would take the oath prescribed by the con-
vention, to take the oath and vote; and he regarded it as
incumbent upon him to do so, and expressed himself to the
effect that it was a step in the proper direction.
" Question 6. What did said King say in his speeches in
reference to his being frequently a^ked if disloyal men
could vote; and what did he say was bis reply; and what
did he say about men beingforced upon the disloyal list?
"Answer. Said King in speeches that i heard took this
position in reference to disloyal persons voting: that he
could not see how a man who had voluntarily enrolled him-
self in the disloyal list could take the oath prescribed by
the State convention; but if he came forward after volun-
tarily enrolling himself disloyal and voted, it was a matter
that rested with his own conscience. Tn relation to men
beingforced upon the disloyal list, the impression left upon
my mind from the speeches of said King, and from conver-
sations 1 had with him when acting as enrolling officer, was
that no man should be placed upon the disloyal list unless
he placed himselftheie voluntaiily. As I understood said
King's views in this mattei, men were to be encouraged in
returning to their allegiance.
"Question 7. State whether the tenor of the speeches of
the said James H. Birch were not calculated to obtain the
favor of southern sympathizes, and to sccurc their votes j
and did they not vole lor him?
"Answer* The tenor of the speeches of the said James II.
Birch was, in my judgment, of such a character as to con-
ciliate the favor of the southern sympathizer, and induce
them to vote for him. His speeches weie more favorably
leceived by them than the speeches of either of the other
candidate'. The most of the votes received m Ray county
by the said James H. Birch were ftoni southern sympa-
thizers. Some of them, however, voted for King, and
some for Samuel.
"Question 8. Did you not consider, from the character
of said Birch's speeches, that he wished, by the sentiments
contained in his speeches, to curry favor with the southern
sympathizer?
"Answer. It was my opinion, on hearing said Birch's
speeches, that he considered the views lie took on the po-
Jmcal questions of the dayas more in accordance with the
views of the southern sympathizers than the views of the
other candidates, and that he appealed to rely, in a great
measure, on this class of voters to secure his election.
"Question 9. Did you not hear many southern sympa-
thizers say the reason they did not vote for James H. Birch
was because they had no confidence in lum, although the
sentiments ot his speeches pleased them well?
"Answer. 1 have heard &oim* southern sympathizers say
that they liked the speeches ofsaid James II. Birch, but that
they put no confidence m him. I could not at the present
time point out who those p<- mjiis were.
"Question 10. State what military position you hold.
"Answer. I hold the position of lieutenant colonel in the
fifty-fnsi regiment enrolled Missouri militia, and am at
present in command of the military post at iiiehmond, Mis-
souri.
"Question 11. Please state, if the only manner in which
said King has been engaged in the military line was not la*t
winter in recruiting a regiment for the United State* service
under his son. Colonel Walter King, and if that regiment did
not go to the soutlfwest part of the State last spring, and has
not been i.i this district since, and if paid King did not, by
his efforts, put the regiment in the field when it was though t
no one else would be able to do it.
"Answer. The only manner in which 1 have known said
King to be engaged in the military line was la^t winter in
recruiting a legiinent for the United Stales service under
his son Colonel Walter King. Tins regiment went to the
southwest part of the State last spring, and has not returned
to this district since. It was the impies->ion through this
county that said King put this legiment into the field by
Ins persevering tftbits when no one else would have been
able to have effected it "
Right here I want to say, m referent to the
remark of the contestant that I changed my posi-
tion in order to get into his party, that it is the
last thing I should do. God lorbid that I should
ever seek to get into any party in which he is
recognized. During his political career for the
last thirty years he has belonged to every party
known in Missouri, and he never belonged to one
but to betray it. What party he belongs to now
God only knows, for I cannot trace him at all.
If I knew where he thought his interest was, I
could tell. He split from the party to which i
belonged in 1849, and went off with a band of
men whose leaders have become traitors, and who
then sought to break down and destroy the only
great man Missouri ever had, Colonel Benton.
But he was a man that Colonel Benton would not
deign to'meet in the canvass, though repeatedly,
invited to do so.
The contestant has been a standing candidate
in my State for Congress now for more than thirty
years! He has sought this positron in the ranks
of every party, and on every side of every ques-
tion. He now ought to be content. He has
achieved the privilege of making a speech in this
Hall, and this has been the summum bonum of his
ambition, which ought now to be gratified. He
has strutted his brief hour on the stage here; he
has loomed up, like the frog in the fable, to his
largest proportions in the American Congress;
and, although he has made a speech which would
disgrace any other living man, he need hav§ no
fear that his reputation will be damaged by that
or any other act which he may perform. It is a
fixed fact. He has never gone through with a
canvass without the man he was opposing refus-
ing to speak to him or to allow him to speak to him.
Why? There were no moral restraints upon his
conduct during a canvass. He set out first to be*
a candidate for Governor. The convention said
that the election should come on in August. He
took it into his head to be Governor. He went
to Price's army at Springfield. He was there on
Christmas day. He saw General Price,Governor
Jackson, and all tiie leading rebels of Missouri.
What they talked over I do not know,butIhave
heard him say that he was ^iven the privileges of
the camp, and, by special invitation, dined with
General Price, and helped him demolish a gob-
blerthatday for dinner, and while the champagne
was being indulged in, that this contestant was
invited to go back and put himself upon the south-
ern "chute." If they had elected him Governor
we would have been in a worse fix than we were
with Claiborne F. Jackson. 1 know both men,
and I would take Jackson before the contestant.
He announced himself as a candidate for Gov-
ernor, and set out to make the canvass, making
addresses all over the State. It was all the loyal
men could do to pi even this being arrested. Finally
he got down to the Springfield district. He there
made aspecch and was arrested for his treasona-
ble speech and sent to St. Louis. After some
time he was discharged by the provost marshal,
but I do not know how.
As I have said he was a candidate for Governor.
In June the convention met, and they concluded
that it was best not to have the election for Gov-
ernor before next November. There was no
chance left for him then but to become a candi-
date for Congress. He at once issued a circular
which I have here. I will not show the position
he gave me, but it is false in every particular. He
said that the St. Louis Democrat was saying that
he ought to be arrested; that theSt. Louis Union
was "down on him,"and so on. When 1 came
to inquire into it I found that all the loyal papers
of Missouri were doing the very thing of which
he complains here to-day. Am I to blame for
what was caused by his own misconduct? He
was arrested because he was producing a spirit
of insubordination.
But to pass on. This contestant throughout
the canvass for Congress made several speeches;
hut, as 1 have already said m the opening of my
remarks, I only met him at two places, i made
a speech at Plattsburgh in which 1 said nothing
calculated to arouse him. My constituents know
that I did not shun lum because I dreaded him.
He got up m Plattsburgh after I spoke, and as-
sailed me in sucii a way that I confe&s I made up
my mind, as near as I could, "to skin him alive"
at tile Clay court. And I did ic. I think I drew
him to the life, and after I was through 1 told the
people I had not to go abroad to prove the tiuth
of what 1 s;*id. I appealed to the old citizens
of Clay county for the truth of what 1 said, and
1 was answered that I could prove it. I had de-
nounced him as a traitor. He ti ted to make the
people believe that I, although a slaveholder,
was willing to sacrifice all their interests in refer-
ence to slave property, and was really an aboli-
tionist. That was no new thing to me, because
when they attacked Colonel Benton they classed
me with the abolitionists. When I denounced
the invasion of Kansas I was called an abolition-
ist. When I denounced the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise as injurious to our interest, 1
was again ranked with the abolitionists. And
the contestant attacks me in a circular, because
in some heated moment, when the question was
asked, "What will you do witfi" the negroes; will
you give them up, or resist the Government when
they attempt to take them from us > " 1 said " If to
give up my negroes will restore the Government
to peace and harmony, I will fiot~6n!y give up all
the negroes I have, and all my oChef possessions,
yea, but I will, at my advanced age of life, st&rt
the world anew, if to do so will restore harmony
and peace to my country." That is what 1 said
then, and that is the way I feel to-day. For that
the contestant charged me with bet ng aft abolition-
ist. I was willing to bear all that.
I have a letter here showing that the contestant
made a speech last October, a month before he
came on here, in which he said:
((I hold out the olive-branch to this rebellion*, if the rebels
will take it, with all their rights to their negroes andeveiy-
thing else, then it will be right; but if they refuse to ac-
cept this, then I am for letting them go in peace. And
I will never vote a man or a dollar of money to carry on
this war as long as that proclamation of the President stands
in the way."
Jeff. Davis wants no better offer than this.
I said I regretted that the proclamation was
issued, and denied the authority of the President
to issue it. I said it was not worth the paper it
was written on only so far as it could be enforced
by the Army and Navy of the United States.
That is my opinion to-day. I believe the Presi-
dent could accomplish all he desired by his Army
and IN"avy. I maintained before the people the
right of our Army when it goes into the South to
lay their hands upon everything they can seize,
and to take away from the rebels everything
which would strengthen us and weaken them. 1
quoted to sustain me the law of nations upon the
subject. I contended that the rights of non-com-
batants should be respected. 1 here were thou-
sands and thousands of non-combatants in the
South, and the President's proclamation did them
injustice. But that proclamation I could not con-
trol, and I declared then,as I declare to-day, that
althoughanattemptismade to enforce it, I would
not therefore turn traitor to my country, but
would get along with it the best I could.
With reference to the laws that had been or
might be passed, I said that though they might
be inexpedient or unconstitutional, yet until they
are declared unconstitutional or are repealed by
Congress they are the laws of the land to me,
and I never publicly or privately uttered a senti-
ment against a submission to or support of any
laws passed by Congress in reference to this re-
bellion. Many of them I found objectionable;
but I said if they were of such vital importance
in their nature 1 would endeavor to amend them
here; and if unconstitutional, that those who had
a right to make a case should do so and bring it
before the Supreme Court of the United States;
and thatif the Supreme Court should declare them
unconstitutional they would then (tease to be the
law of the land to me; If constitutional, I would
feel myself bound by them. That was the posi-
tion I took then, and that is the position I take
now. No gentleman upon either side of the
House will object to that. The decisions of that
tribunal I am willing to stand by.
I have no opinions to change in reference to this
rebellion. I have no terms to make with rebels
with arms in their hands, and who are trying to
shoot down me and mine. Butwhen they cease
their rebellion and come in and seek the benefit
of the amnesty proclamation I cannot find it in
my heart to want to scalp or murder or assassin-
ate them. 1 will watch them when they lay down
their arms, and no man who has been a promi-
nent leader in getting up this rebellion will ever
receive my vote for any office whatever, because
we might get into a position where, he might de-
ceive me a second time. 1 desire ^eace, but t
knowof no way of getting it except by breaking
the armed power of that military tyranny which
has borne down and oppressed the South.
I am a southern man. Not a drop of blood
courses through my veins that is not thoroughly
southern. The remains of my fathcrand mother,
my brothers and sisters lie moldering in south-
ern soil. My relatives are all there, and I must
be allowed to have some feeling for the South,
but I scorn their treason, and detest and hate the
traitors. 1 am for carrying on this war vigor-
ously. Let the traitors lay down their arms and
acknowledge the supremacy of the Constitution
if they dean e peace, and when they do that I will
be ready to taik about terms, but not until they
do it, for they are the aggressors.
1 knew that General Doniphan heard several of
my speeches during the canvass, and I wrote to
him and pi opounded certain questions to him, tell-
