APPENDIX TO THE WXNUKE8S10N AL GLOBE.
45
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Disposition of Freed Negroes—Mr. Davis.
Ho. 01! Reps.
rake about among the ashes of the past and find
my name, he will find at least that 1 did not fear
to say to friend, and foe what the times demand;
and it may be that it will be well if it were heeded.
Slavery is not dead by the proclamation. What
lawyer attributes to it the leastlegal elTect in break-
ing the bonds of the slave? Executed by the
bayonets, legally valid to the extent of the de-
ration of the war, under the law of 1862 which
authorizes the President to use the people of Af-
rican descent as he may see fit for the suppression
of the rebellion, it is undoubtedly valid to the ex-
tent of turning them loose from their masters dur-
ing the rebellion. So long as the military power
is engaged in suppressing resistance, they are free
from their masters. Reestablish the old govern-
ernments, allow the dominant aristocracy to re-
possess the State power in its original plenitude,
how long wiil they be free? What courts will
give them their rights? What provision is there
to protect them? Where is the writ of habeas
corpus ? How are the courts of the United States
to be open to them ? Who shall close the courts
of the States against the master? Does the mas-
ter resort to the court against the slave ? No; he
seizes him by the neck. The law of last Con-
gress,freeing a few slaves provides that that act
may be pleaded in defense. But when is the slave
sued by his master? When is the time to plead
in any such process? Gentleman legislate with-
out a knowledge of the country or of the people
they are legislating for. Their laws are on the
statute-book, and the opinions of the dominant
faction conspire to perpetuate the master's rights
and the slave's wrongs. Nothing but the reso-
lute declaration of the United States that it shall
be a condition precedent that slavery shall be pro-
hibited in their constitutions, and that the United
States shall give judicial guarantees to the negroes,
freedom in fact, and that the United States shall
be kept under the control of men of such political
views and purposes that the law will be executed
as a constitutional law and imposed on reluctant
people—nothing else can accomplish the death of
slavery.
Supposing that to be done, Mr. Speaker, what
then? This bill relates to the other grave social
problem of the destiny ofthe negro race when their
bond is broken. Now many of them are thrown
on our hands. We have to take care of them.
To that extent the bill is right, and I shall vote
for it for that purpose. How well it will answer,
how far it must be modified after the national
cause shall triumph, remains to be seen. Let
the things of the future be cared for by the future.
But it is necessary now to determine our policy re-
specting the negroes when freed; to form some
definite ideas as to what shall be the future of the
negro race; in other words, what disposition we
will make of them when we have broken the mas-
ters' yoke, when Maryland shall have broken it
hereafter, when Missouri shallhave finally broken
it, when West Virginia shall have finally broken
it, and when slavery in all the rebel States shall
have been destroyed and broken up in fact.
There are on that subject two, and only two,
theoiies. One party says, " Colonize end pay for
them." Another patty says, " Leave them where
they are." In favor of colonization, and com-
pensation to all loyal persons in'the rebel States,
we have the declaration of the President of the
United States, which naturally carries with it
great weight. He has formally proposed it for
ihe consideration of the people as his preferred
policy. It is for thot reason that it is the more
• important to look at it directly in the face, and to
deal with it subject to the conditions which itm-
volves, if it be adopted us the poiicy of the nation.
It has been discussed and commented on byadis-
tinguished gentleman, a member of hu? Cabinet,
supposed, on that and other subjects, moiv accu-
rately to represent his opinion than any other per-
son. These comments throw a Hood of light on
the views which prevail in high quarters on the
practical execution of the scheme of colonization
and the industrial and social reasons which prompt
or justify it. These comments have been pub-
lished broadcast over the country as comments
upon the emancipation policy of the Ptesidentof
the United States. Those comments have never
been disavowed. They are entitled to our grave
and respectful consideration, both from the high
position and character of the gentleman from
whom they emanate, and his peculiar relations to
the President, and the concurrence of view be-
tween him and the President asserted and not dis-
avowed. Those comments are put frequently in
the form of an attack upon the radical abolition-
ists; but, while that is the form, the substance is
a vindication of the colonization poiicy of the
President,a demonstration of its necessity to the
success of the emancipation policy proclaimed by
the President.
What are the grounds* First of all it is said
that the radical abolitionists wish to change the
Constitution of the United States and all of our
laws, and to elevate to an equality this race; and
in the next place that unequal races cannot live
together on terms of equality and peace, and,
therefore, that it is nccessary to prevent the mas-
sacre of the negro that he should be expatriated.
Mr. Speaker, what is the foundation of this view ?
The negro must be colonized if he be free, or a
war of races will exterminate him ! What justi-
fies thisalternative ? Will gentlemen tell me where
in the history of the world they find the fact upon
which they base that astounding generalization ?
Civilized people have overborne savages, men of
one religion have borne down men of a different
religion, ambition has overturned one nation by
another; but where in the history of the world is
there any case of a nation going to work to ex-
terminate a large portion of its people of another
race Jiving in the midst of it, of the same religion,
civilized in the same manner, conforming to its
laws, subject to its will, willing to work for its
wages, not ambitious, and not disturbing the pub-
lic peace, because they pre of a different race?
Where is the instance in the history of the world
of the subjugation and massacre of a different
race under these circumstances? In earliertimes
great masses of people poured from Central Asia
over Europe. They were of a different race from
the inhabitants of the Roman empire, in any
ethnological sense in which the word can be used.
I do not know that they enslaved the whole mass
of the people of the Roman empire. My impres-
sion isthatthe conquered civilized the conqueror,
and that it did not end m the social war such as
is contemplated here; but the descendants of both
form now the people of Europe.
The distinguished commentator on the coloni-
zation views of the President refers to the Moors
of Spain. In an ethnological sense they were far
from kin in point of race to the Spaniards. But
race was not the ground of war; it was religion;
and every decree which undertook to expel them
gave them the alternative of baptism or exile.
The Spaniards wanted them to stay, and Ferdi-
nand and Isabella would have been glad if they
had remained to decorate the southern portion of
their empire, the perpetual glory of their mission-
ary zeul.
Then we are referred to S.in Domingo. That
is exactl^vhat gentlemen on the other side of
the House are preparing for us m the futuie.
There was no revolt of slaves against their mas-
ters, there was no war of one lace against another,
unwilling to live in pecce and industry; but the
French Assembly, having freed the slaves of San
Domingo, undei took to leduce them to slavery
again. They revolted against the authority which
attempted to reduce them to shivery, and under
Toussamt L'Ouverture—whose military genius
Thiers thinks it worth' while to commend—and
his associates defeated both France and England
in their attempt to reduce and hold the island.
These are the examples ofwais of race! T>nt
why do they pass over the peaceful example of
emancipation of Jamaica and the French colonies,
where the circumstances would ue more analo-
gous? Why do they not invoke tiie great exam-
ples of Mexico ond South America?
The Indian of those countt its is as far removed
from the Spaniard as our Indians from us, and as
we are from the negro. Tne Spaniard gained
and wielded the empire over them, but neither is
exterminated; the two races arc not blended, nei-
ther is reduced to slavery, and in Mexico both
unite against the common foe. Race has nothing
to do with the question. The Indian and Span-
iard live together because both are civilized and
both are Christian and both are interested in the
same laws andtgovornment and industry.
I wait patiently till the gentlemen adduce their
historic facts upon which to rest their theory of
the necessary contest of races to* reply to them.
I have dealt only with those they have furnished.
His true the honorable gentleman from New:
York [Mr. Brooks] referred to the harsh, hard--
hearted treatment of Massachusetts toward th& In-
dians. He might have found an example nearer
at home. The only example upon the American
continent of a war on the peace and quiet of the
negroes the riots in New York city last summer*
when Seymour's friends, the Paddies, undertook
to show their Democratic mercy to the wretched
negro.
The war of Massachusetts on the Indians was
that of a civilized and Christian people against
a people of different religion, and which refused
every form of American civilization. The same
differencesof religiousand social organization pre-
vented the toleration of a Mormon people in any
of our States hitherto. But the attack of the
Irish on the negroes in New York is the only
example of the collision of races to sustain the
theory.
I agree that it is possible that such a class of
population as that might be tempted to oppress
the negro, but no class of American population-
would condescend to do it.
Then what are you going to do with them?
Go to kindred races and congenial climes ? Where?
To Texas? That is abandoned. To Central
America for the purpose of making a connection
between the great oceans? That was respectfully
declined. To South America? 1 have not heard
that the President has been successful there in
finding a kindred race willing to receive them.
Back to Africa? Won't you ask as a matter of
kindness to transplant the Irish back to Ireland?
Who inhabit Mexico? Who inhabit Central
Amcrica? Who inhabit South America? I take it
the I ndian ofthe Peninsula isfurther removed from
the African than we are who come more directly
from the common stock of central Asia. Then
to transplant them there would be putting a greater
diversity of races together to come into collision.
Or will they love each other, though alien in race,
because of theircolor? Is skin deep the depth of
their philosophy ?
In the imagination of these gentlemen they as-
sign Cuba as the central empire of the negro; and
strange as it appears, while one party of coioniza-
tionists are talking of transplanting the negro to
the coast of Africa, the commentator on the Pres-
ident's policy grows enthusiastic over the vision
of the negroes settled in the American tropics in-
viting their brethren from Africa to this western
world—anew Canaan forthatoutcastand rescued
race! WhatbecomesoftheSpaniardand his rights?
What becomes of the rights of the white popula-
tion ? What becomes ofthe aristocratic Spaniard
who has been crushing generation after generation
m Cuba to enhance his wealth? How is he to re-
ceive the African in spite of the diversity of race?
Is the Spaniard nearer in blood because Spain is
nearer geographically to Africa? The theory of
the incompatibility ofdifferent races has no found-
ation in history. The moment you come to state
it in words, and ask what it means, all the the-
ory, all the philosophy, and all the facts break
down, and there is the end of it.
But we are ourselves interested a little in this
question of exportation of the negro. Who is
going to pay the cost? Who will pay for the
transportation? Who will supply the depleted
labor of the country? Who is going to pay the
increased price of bread to the poor mechanic?
Who i3 going to pay the increased price of cot-
ton 5 Who is going to fill up the enormous vac-
uum of labor swept away by this insane and un-
chnstian philanthropy ? What is the negro going
to do in the mean time? You cannot take them
away to-morrow or in a generation. The schemers
propose to build canals and fortifications, connect
the Mississippi with the lakes—/or a generation!
Under whose supervision, at whose expense, by
what new forms of socialism will you sweep a
whole region of country of three or four million
people, and concentrate them upon the batiks of
the Mississippi to eat bread and digditches, while
the cotton fields are unplanted, and men and wo-
men starving? When you undertake to colonize
the negro you will meet the master, who says,
