m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27.
38th Gong.... 1st Sess.
The. Jacobins of Missouri and Maryland—Mr. Blair.
Ho. OE Keps.
" Do not leave me to starvation." The master
will offer the negro- more to stay than the Gov-
ernment will offer him to go. Two generations
cannot fill up his place; and if we can stand his
presence two generations perhaps Christian phi-
losophy will enable our descendants to reconcile
themselves to the permanence pf what has been
found tolerable so long.
Why should tho.y consent to go to barbarous
countries? Why should they love the people of
Ashantee? Would the King of Dahomy in Af-
rica protect them from the cannibals of Africa?
They prefer to stay wheie they are. You cannot
offer them as good homes; you cannot offer them
as good wages; you cannot give them as good
treatment; you cannot give them as good churches,
nor as good houses and food and clothingfor their
children. Why should they consent to go?
Now deal with the problem under the conditions
which exist. The folly of our ancestors and the
wisdom of the Almighty, in its inscrutable pur-
poses, having allowed them to come here and
planted them here, they have a right to remain
here, and they will remain here to the latest re-
corded syllable of time. And whether they be-
come our equals or onr superiors, whether they
blend or remain a distinct race, your posterity
will know, for their eyes will behold them as outs
do now. These arc things which we cannot con-
trol. Laws do not make, laws cannot unmake
them. If God has made them our equals, then
they will work out the problem which Ho has
sent them to work out; and if God has stamped
upon them an ineradicable inferiority, yo^u can-
not make one hair white or black or add a cubit
to their stature. Let us leave such questions for
gentlemen of the school of Wendell Phillips to
talk of, but I earnestly pray gentlemen in high
positions,in view of the excited and feverish state
of the public mind, above all m dealing with this
delicate topic of the welfare of millions of whites
and blacks, not to add to the inherent difficulties
of the problem, prejudices drawn from things not
facts which we may never be called upon to deal
with, and which can only exasperate the very
feeling winch we ought to ailay, and instigate
the very collision we all deprecate,
.Sir, lam a Marylander, not a "northern fa-
nalic.,t My father was a slaveholder. I was my-
self for years a slaveholder. I have lived nearly
all my life in Maryland. 1 know the temper of
her people. I have lived for years in Virginia.
I know the temper of her people; I know the
lelations of the white and black population in
those States, and 1 am going to state some facts
to the House nearer home than those cited by the
dreamers.
In Maryland we have more free negroes than
any other State in the Union. Virginia stands
next. She has Rome fifty thousand among live
hundred thousand slaves, and we have eighty-
tjiree thousand among eighty-seven thousand
slaves. One eighth of our population is free ne-
gro. In 1^.59, just before the rebellion, there was
what was called in Maryland a "slaveholders'
convention"—a phenomenon under the sun—lit
precursor of the slave confederacy! Nobody
could be admitted who did not own slaves; and
their purpose was, as their resolutions indicated
when introduced, to put an end to free negroism
in Maryland for the advantage of the white pop-
ulation. There, was one man in that assembly
who was not crazy, and that man was an old
Whig whom I honored and whom myftiend from
Kentucky [Mr. Maixouy] knew and honored.
His.name was James Alfred XJearce, always a
statesman,always a gentleman, however wander-
ing into errors m his last days. L-Ic was placed
upon the committee to which this subject was iv-
feired, and being a gentleman and a large slave-
holder, and knowing something about political
economy and the effect of tampering with the laws
of mdurjfry, he embodied his sane views in a re-
port to that convention, a part of which I will
read for the benefit of the House:
44 The outface of s,o large a number office blocks in the
midst oi a Mawhokiing-Slate i«. believed to be oi use It an
t \ il, t.n-"wl i-  i adil> perceived io be t/ieafi wm.u it
i. eon^if'i'ivd that a portion (A them ate idle, vk-iou--, and
impiodiiL'Uw. Tin-', however, it, not the ca<e with the ma-
,t- i m <>r them, ami their iciuov til would, the i-niir-nitee
<•, b" i.u ^rcitor tli.iu alj the <*v Us the people ot M,u\ -
land ■ \ ;-r f um tjom. In liu- viiy of P>a;tu,
is ♦'stumted that there ;nv wore than re, cut} f;, ,> utnuvi:-^
of them, employed chiefly as domestic servonts or laborers
m vanous tiermitments ot imlu>try. In many of the rural
districts of the State, wheie labor is by no means abundant,
they furnish a large supply of agricultmal labor, and it is
unquestionable that quite a lar^e poiuon of our soil could
not be tilled without their aid."
How much of South Carolina or Mississippi
could be tilled without their aid?
"Jn !somt> districts they supply almost all the labor de-
manded by the farmers. Their removal from the State would
deduct nearly fifty per cent, fiom the household and aim-
cultmal labor furm>hed by people of this color, and indis-
pensable to the people of the Stats; would produce grant
discomfort and inconvenience to the gieat body of house-
holders; would bieakup the business arid destroy the ptop-
erty of laige numbers of land-owners and land-renter.-—a
ela^s wftobe interests are entitled to as much eonsldciatnm
as those of any other portion of our citizens; would he
Iiarbh and oppressive to those people themselves; would
violate public sentiment, which is generally not only just,
but kindly, and would probably lead to other evils which the
committee forbear to mention. We are satisfied that such
a measuie could not receive the legislative sanction, and
would not be tolerated by the great body of the people of
Maryland, even with that sanction."
That is from James Alfred Pearce, a slave-
holder. Even the secession Legislature of Mary-
land then about to meet, had it passed that law,
James A. Pearce tells them the people of Mary-
land would not tolerate them in doing it. I beg
you, gentlemen, observe the strength of the lan-
guage:
'• The committee, therefore ^cannot recommend their ex-
pulsion from the State. Still more unwilling should they
be to favorauy measuie which looked to theirbeingdepnved
of the right totiecdom which they have acquired by the in-
dulgence of our Javv^ and the tenderness of their masters,
whether wise or umvibe, or whichthey have lrihented as a
birthiight."
The policy of the report prevailed in this con-
vention of slaveholders, and the iniquitous pur-
pose was not by them pressed on the Legislature.
Then, sir, in Maryland a free negro has some
rights. Some of the people in that convention
were in the Legislature, and a Mr. Jacobs was
one of them. He introduced a law to hire the
free negroes out to the highest bidders; and if
they should be disobedient after being hired out,
then they were to be sold as slaves for life. The
bill could not be passed. It was objected to by
county after county. It was only allowed to be-
come a law with reference to four or five coun-
ties—St. Mary's, Charles, Somerset, Worcester,
Baltimore county,and perhaps one or two others;
and it was not allowed to be operative till ap-
proved by the people of the countics respectively.
The friends of the infamous scheme wunt before
the people at the presidential election in those
counties; for the Legislature would not allow the
law even to apply to those counties unless a ma-
jority of the people willed it. In Howard, one
of the slaveholding counties, they got just 55
votes for it, and nirainst it 1,397. In Baltimore
county they got G81 votes for, and 5,364 against,
it. In Kent county they got 74 votes for, and
1,502 votes against, it. it passed in no county
except in one, and there by an accident. That
is the judgment of the people of Maryland on
the relations of the laboring free colored people
living among them, essentia! to their industry,a
part of their social system, filling well theirpiace
in life, without which their interests cannot be
protected, and which we neither will expel our-
selves, nor encourage to go, nor ailow other peo-
ple to expel.
If gentlemen want to know still further how
Maryland regards the free negro population, I
desire to say that the emancipation movement of
Maryland is indebted very much to the commence-
ment of n^gro enlistments in Maryland, for the
same economic reason. Colonel Birney was sent
there with genera! orders to enlist negroes. He
was not instructed to take slaves. lie commenced
the enlistment of free negroes. Gentlemen found
at once that that was a discrimination between
the loyal people who do not own slaves and the
disloyal people who do own slaves; and my friend
Judge Bond wrote to the Secretary of War re-
monstrating against the inequality of taking from
the Union men their labor and leaving with the
secessionist his labor. J Io pointed out the law
of ]i?G2. authorizing the enlisting of one as well
as of the othn\ The Secrefaty of War agreed
with him. Ij'rney acted under the implied if
not the e\*prcs:< authority of the Secretary of War,
and <omm<M>''< d to levy from the slave popula-
te i.t m orde,- tlvu the Onion m^rf might have the
free colored population to hire. It wasthatmoie
than anything else that brought directly before
the people of Maryland at the last election the
burdens they were suffering from the existence
of slavery; and that aided more than did the bay-
onets to which the gentleman from New York
refers, more than all proclamations, more than
any other aigument urged, in bringing on our
side the people of the slaveholding counties of
Maryland, who had voted at the beck of the slave-
holders for generations. They said, " If we are
to have a draft,and if ourrieh neighbor's planta-
tion is to be cultivated while we are dragged off
to fill the quota of the State, we think thatan in-
justice. We are for slave enlistments and for the
party and the men who advocate it, and if it
breaks up slavery we get the benefit,and we are
in favor of emancipation and in favor of relieving
the white people from the dispropoitionate bur-
dens of the draft." It was that, sir, and no proc-
lamation; it was that view, carried home by my
honorable friend who represents the first con-
gressional district, [Mr. Creswell,] urged upon
every stump, in every fence-corner, that dragged
out men m homespun tocasttheirfirst independ-
ent vote, and my honorable friend from the first
district is the representative of that independent
vote. When gentlemen say that that result is
attributable to military orders, I say that those
military orders had nothing to do with it. The
President's order required nobody to take an oath
of allegiance, exacted no test oath. The judges
of election required it: the military were ordered
to support them.
Such was the telling power of the enlistment
of slaves that my colleague got in the county of
Worcester, one of the great slaveholding coun-
ties, several hundred morn votes than his prede-
cessor, Mr. Crisfield, a most, able gentleman, got
when he was candidate of the united Union party.
If we are to be treated, Mr. Speaker, to specu-
lations on equality, and prejudices of race, and
matters of that kind, to bewilder and mislead the
public judgment upon this grave and important
topic, allow me to beseech gentlemen to recollect
that we people in America are not the only one«
who have prejudices, and that negroes are not the
only proscribed race in the world; that other na-
tions have been as unjust and as inclined to op-
press, and that we, m some iegions of the world,
would fare no better than negroes do here. How
long has it been since " dog of a Christian" was
the most polite word to us in the Moslem 5s mouth ?
Plow long has it been since a Brahmin would
condescend to sit at table with the most aristo-
cratic Englishman? How long lias it been since
the nobles of Europe refused to mingle their blood
with the blood of the villain, or the peasant of
continental Europe? Have we forgot the first
example—thai the Hebrew was an abomination to
the Egyptian-vlfrican?
These are arguments to prejudice, and not to the
merits. They arc intended to mislead, not to en-
lighten. I beg gentlemen on the otherside, what-
ever their views or purposes may be, let us coni-
bit^?, whatever the result, that the least damage
may be done to the publicservice. Lctusdecide
the question, not upon questions of prejudice, not
on questions of hostility to lace, but on the great
politico-economic argument, on its political dy-
namics, if I may use theexpression. Those forces
which must determine it will determine it peace-
fully if we are wise, or in blood if we arc unwise.
Those, and those alone, in my judgment, are the
alternatives.
THE JACOIUNS OF MISSOURI AND MARYLAND.
SPEECH OF HON. F. P. BLAIR,
OF MISSOURI,
Ik thi: House of Representatives,
February 27,1864.
The Uou-e being in the Committee of the Whole on the
iUa'u of tin1 Union—
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, said:
Mr. Chairman: The affairs of my own and
some other border States have been drawn into
the debates of this House. 1 believe that when
I addiessed the House aome tune since, and al-
luded to acoitam transaction which had taken
