THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 s concerned and down to line eight, with section
twenty of the House amendment.
^ The remainderof that section, beginning inline
eight, and printed in italics, will be found in sec-
tion twenty-one, page 33, of the substitute. The
language has been preserved, and has only been
transferred to the section to which its subject-mat-
ter allies it. On page 32 will be found section
twenty-one of the House bill, which is the same
as section twenty-t-wo of the Senate bill, found at
page 16. Section twenty-three of the Senate bill
corresponds to section twenty-two of the House
bill upon pftge 33. Section twenty-four of the
Senate Ml has been amended. Tlie substance of
that section and the section itself, indeed, will be
round in section twenty-four of the House bill,
on page 34, excepting that instead of being ex-
actly like the bill of the Senate it contains the
amendment to be found on page 17, at the foot of
'the page. Section twenty-five corresponds with
section twenty-five of the House substitute. Sec-
tion twenty.six of Senate bill coiresponds with
section twenty-three ofthe House substitute. Sec-
tion twenty-seven of the Senate has been amended,
and that amendment is embodied, with the rest of
that section, in section twenty-six of the House
amendment. Section twenty-eight, on page 20,
corresponds with section twenty-seven on Pa^e
36 of the House bill. b
Now I come to a section to which I wish to call
the particular attention of the House. Section
twenty-nine is a section printed here in the Sen-
ate bill as an amendment made by the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union; and
yet, as I distinctly recollect—and I have refreshed
my recollection by consultation with other mm-
wL7ilvS,8notador,te(l 'heCommitteeof the
Whole. I hatamendment, which constitutes now
m the Senato bill section twenty-nine, is not to be
found in the House substitute. According to my
recollection it was rpjccteil when it was offered in
theCommittee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Section thirty, on page 21, will be found
constituting a part of section four in the House
bill, the same in matter and almost the same in
words. On page 21 the matler which constitutes
section thi rty-one will be found in the House sub-
stitute at the end of section twenty-six, page 36.
Now, Mr. Sneaker, having gone through, item'
by item, with these amendments, 1 have only this
general remark to make, that by the modification
ofthe House substitute which has been made this
morning, upon the suggestion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] the great and
eadtng difference m principle between the two
bills has been obviated. If that modification had
not been made there would have been npon one
of the points connecting itself with the considera-
tion of the fifth section of this bill a wide differ-
ence between the House substitute anil the Senate
bill. 1 he Housesubstitute looks to the returniii"
ofthe numes of parties drafted to the roll or to the
Wheel to be drawn again whenever those pre-
viously in the wheel subject to dinftslmll have bad
their names taken out. The Senate bill, ns amended
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mi. Stk-
JBNiiin(?"tl'r!)1P)'l'c!S 'hi-'/'"''Chasing of exemption
for fdOO by all persons, to extend over the whole !
period ol three years. Here is a radical differ- '
ence which would, perhaps,liaveoccasi.iiied some i
struggle between the friends of the substitute and
ofthe taenate bill had that difference remained 1 i
Hmglad that by the modification made this morn'iii"-
we have been enabled to reconcile as between the '
friends of the enrollment act this difference, and i
that the House substitute as it now stands amend-
ed is in such form as to be equally acceptable to j
the gentleman who made tins amendment to the ;
benate bill and those who reported the bill and
have hitherto been sustainingit m the form "lvvn
to it by the Military Committee of the House. If,
theiefore, the Senate bill shall be amended by the
substitute of the House all these differences cease.
lliose, however, who are in favor of ulUnvm^
drafted men to buy exemption for the full term of
three years and of leaving the principle of ex-
emption to stand precisely wheie it does now,
without returning the names of drafted men to the
wheel rendering them liable to be drawn again
when the original draft has exhausted all those in
the wheel will vote against the House substitute
and stand by the bill of the Senate as originally
amended by the Committee ofthe Whole on the
state of the Union.
February 12,
I think it proper that I should state this thus
distinctly in order that all may understand what
is the issue. I repeat that those who are for per-
mitting all persons subject to draft to buy exemp-
tion for three years and to have their names taken
entirely from the roll will vote against the House
substitute; while those who desire such a modifi-
cation of the law as that the names shall be re-
turned to the roll and put again into the box when
one draft shall have exhausted all the names
placed there—thus keeping up a continuous en-
rollment and draft and preventing men from buy-
ing off their time so as to cripple the means and
resources of the Government—will vote for the
House substitute. The issue is now thus fairly
made between the friends ofthe Housesubstitute,
the friends of this more stringent process by which
to effect the obtaining of men for the Army, and
that loosersystem which now pievailsand which
we have sought to amend.
That issue having been fairly made,'I am dis-
posed to leave it to the decision of the House.
Having promised to confine my remarks to such
as should be purely of a business chaiacter, and
such as should relate to an explnnation,of the bill
and of the substitute which I propose for it, I have
nothing further to add excepting to ask the friends
of the Government on both sides ofthe House 
those who are in favor of providing the means of
enabling the Government of this country to put
down a wicked and causeless rebellion—to stand
by the bill in the shape in which it is now placed,
and to pass it, and pass it speedily, in order that
the armies of the Union may be reinfoiced, the
Union thus sustained, and 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I hope my colleague will be allowed
to proceed with his remarks, with the understand-
ing that he will then allow the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Harding] to be heard for the
same length of time.
Mr. SOHENCK. No, sir. I should have liked
an opportunity ro conclude my sentence, but I
shall open no tlooi tor debate. The House will
bear me witness that 1 have not troubled it with
any extended remarks.
1 he SPEAKKIi. The question is now on the
first amendment repoited from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mi. ARNOLD. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. SchenckJ if he wants to
liuve separate votes 011 all the amendments re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to the Senate bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. That will be for the House
to determine.
Mr. HARDING. I would inquire whether
the vote .mist not first be taken on the substitute?
Pile; SPEAKER. Under the parliamentary
law the House must first vote on the amendments
reported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to the Senate bill.
Mr. HARDING (at twenty minutes to fom
0 clock, p. m.) moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. MALLORY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. II\nmNC.
and Em ot were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported 
ayes 2J, noes 8t>.
N> the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. GAlit'lELO. 1 ask unanimous consent
to make a suggestion. 1 am informed by gentle-
men on the other side that all that they require is !
that the gentleman liom Kentucky [Mr. Har-
ding] shall be allowed to speak half ,m hour in |
reference tnjhe section of the bill introduced last J
evening They say they will then proceed to the '
1 uvular taking of the question on the amendments,
and that they will not interpose dilatory motions.
II that be so I ask that by unanimous consent
the gentleman ftorn Kentucky will be allowed
halt an hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is entirely out of order,
and I cull my colleague to order.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN. Will the chairman of thu
committee permit me to make a sinerle remark ?
Mr. MALLORY. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
J he SPEAKER. The call comes rathei late,
ine result lias been announced.
Mj. MALLORY. Phen I move an adjourn-
ment.
1 he SPEAKER. The motion cannot be en-
tertained, as no business has been done sincc the
same motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HARDING. 1 intended calling for the
yeas and nays on the adjournment, and was im-
mediately interrupted by this conference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky may have intended it, but he certainly did
not do so. The Chair announced that the noes
had it.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Will the chairman ofthe
Committee of Waysand Means give me his atten-
tion one moment? 1 desir.e to say to him that I,
for one, am entirely disinclined to engage in any
of this filibustering. I have not engaged in de-
hate on this question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to debate.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I move thatthc House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Thatmotion is not in order.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I submit that business
has been transacted since the motion was rejected.
The SPEAKER. No business has been trans-
acted.
Mr. MALLORY. I appeal from the decision
ofthe Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
a motion to adjourn cannot be enteitaincd, as no
business lias intervened since the same motion
was rejected. From that decision the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] takes an appeal.
I he question is, " Shall the decision ofthe Chair
stand as the judgment of the House ?"
Mr. MALLORY. I call for the yeas and nays
on the appeal.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY, Havel not the right to state
the ground on which I appeal? I take this point
of order, that I rose to ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn, when the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfikld] rose, and by unani-
mous consent was allowed to make a proposition.
Mr. GARFIELD. I was called to order.
Mr. MALLORY. Consent was given,and the
gentleman made his proposition. Immediately
after that failed to meet the assent of the House
I called for the yeas and nays on the motion to
adjourn. These remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio, by unanimous consent, were not business
in the sense ofthe rule.
The SPEAKER. That is the very thing the
Chair decided, [laughter,] that they weie not.
Hie Chair will restate his decision. After the
vote by tellers on the motion to adjourn it was
leported that theie were 21 votes in the affirma-
tive and 86 in the negative. The Chair decided
that the noes had it. Then the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] rose and asked unanimous
consent to be heard, and went on with his re-
marks. Consent to his proposition was refused.
i hen thegcntleman from Kentucky demanded the
yeas and nayson themotiontoadjourn. TheChair
decided that the call came too late. Then a mo-
tion to adjourn was made, and the Speaker having
refused to entertain it, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky appealed from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw the anneal.
Mr. HARDING. I move that there bo a call
of the House.
I he SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
the main question having been ordered.
Mr. IJARDING. i move that the House do
now adjourn.
I'hc SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
no business having intervened since it was re-
jected.
Mr. ROGERS. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Tuesday
next.
I he SPEAKER. The House has already fixed
the time to which if shall adjourn.
Mr. ROGER.S. Then 1 move to reconsider the
vote by winch the House agieed to adjourn over
to Monday next.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. LLDKIDGE called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
1 he yens and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the. affirmative—yens 107, nays 39; as follows:
YJ3AS—:Me^rs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Al-
io}, Allison, Ames, Ancotia, Anderson, liailv, Augustus C.
Baldwin. Ultimo, Jncol) B. Hl.iir, Bliss, lluy'd lirandesee,
Brooks, iiioomall, Jamus S. Brown, William G. Brown
Umuler, Freeman Clarke, Coblt, Cox, Cravens, Oieswell,
