2650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
iftg him that it might become necessary for me to
take his deposition. He tells me that he heard
me speak at Plattsburgh ou the question who was
entitled to vote and who was not, and that he has
read the depositions. I read from his letter. He
says:
" I have placed your questious together, so that my an-
swer may be biief and free from repetition. I hoard your
speech mainly at Plattsburgh on the day indicated. When
I entered the court-room I wa3 informed you iiad been
speaking about fifteen minutes. I heard ail jour speech
after I came, and also Judge Birch's. When I had been
listeniug to you about twenty-live or thirty minutes you
commenced answering some questions you said had been
propounded to you touching the right of voting under the
iate ordinances of the State convention. I understood you
first to assert that it was the duty ami privilege of all legal
voters to vote at the approaching election*, that it would
be a recognition of the provisional government and of the
success of civil government in the State lor a full vote to
be cast. My recollection is that you then divided the cit-
izens into three classes: X. That all men who thou were
and hi^dbeen engaged actively m the rebellion to overthrow
tlie Government had the right to dangle at the end of a rope.
2. That those who in the enrollment of (he militia (fiat
was just terminating) had voluntarily enrolled on the dis-
loval list would have to take the convention oath of loyalty,
aiid the ordinance made itpeijury to take it falsely; but
that as all men had a right to change, that you lelt it with
the consciencc ol each to judge and act tor him?elf, but
such voting would have a very bad appeaiance. 3. That
all voters who had enrolled <m the loyal list, and all those
•who had been forced to enroll on the disloyal against their
expressed wishes at the time, had the right to vote, and it
would be the most effectual means ot showing their loyalty
by taking the oath and voting; that a military commander
had no right or power to lorco any man on the disloyal lUt
against his wishes,and that it was against the policy of the
Government.
" I was at the courts of Ray,Clay, and Clinton at every
term while you were judge. X never saw anything savor-
ing of unfairness or tmpiopor conduct. Your charges to
the grand juries, several of which I heaid, i thought emi-
nently patriotic and applicable to our then dKtiacted con-
dition. I never heard or saw anything savoung of terror-
ism, or using youi official position to advance yoiu political
purposes. 1 have read the evidence of seveial gentlemen
taken by Judge Birch, and regret that our recollections of
the tenor of your speech f-hould so far differ, for I know
these gentlemen aie as incapable of bearing false testimony
as myself; but ou the other hand it alFoids me real pleas-
ure that my old and valued fitend, Judge Dunn, (whose
judgment and memory are seldom at fault,) recollects jouj
speeches .substantially as f do.
i 'Tins is but a synopsis ofyoui positions; of course in a
short and lia^ty letter no more could be expccted."
Sir, he might well say that, for he has lived
in my circuit ever since I was made a judge in
ihc spring: of 1837, and 1 hold the office until I
was made Governor, and have lately held it for
two years since that time.* The whole country
was in an uproar. The Governor of the State
sent mc a commission asking me to try and put
our courts into operation. I wrote to the Gov-
ernor that 1 did not want the position, as 1 in-
tended to beacandidate for Congress. When the
people of the circuit ascertained that I was about
to abandon the office, 1 was importuned by mem-
bers of the bar and by the people of the circuit to
hold on to it on the ground that having been judge
so lung, I could do moie to bring order out of
chaos than any other man in the circuit. Under
these circumstances I continued to hold the office.
In the brief which this contestant has published
he states that he had offered his services to the
Governor for atiy position from that of county
judge up to that of judge of the supreme court;
but the Governor gave him no position; and why?
Because he knew him too well.
I submit the case to the House, and leave it to
be disposed of by the House as it may deem right.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, repotted as trulyemollcd bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
-An act(II. R. No. 120) to reestablish the prin-
cipal port of entry for the district of Cbamplain
at Plattsburgh, and foi othei purposes;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 51) relative to the
claim and letters patent of William Wheeler Hub-
bell;
An act (II. R. No. 474) to amend an act rela-
tive to the public printing; and
An act to lepeal the first section of a joint res-
olution relative to the transfer of persons in the
military service to the naval service.
DAKOTA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. SCOFiELD, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, made a minoiity inport in the contested-
election case of Todd and jaync; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION—AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
contested-election case from the sixth congres-
sional district of Missouri.
Mr. DAWES. I now move to lay the whole
matter on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to Withdraw that motion that
I may offer a resolution as an amendment to the
report.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot, inasmuch as I make
this motion under instructions from the commit-
tee.
The question was taken on Mr. Dawes's mo-
tion, and it was rejected; there being, on adivision
—ayes 45, noes 50.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resoloud, That neithei Austin A. King nor James A.
Birch is entitled to a seat in thta House as a Representa-
tive in the Thirty-Eighth Congress from the sixth congres-
sional distuct ot Missouri.
Mr. UPSON. I move that the resolution be
laid upon the table, and upon that 1 demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 5i3, nays 56; as follows:
YEAB—Messrs. Allison, Bafty,Biookp, Broomall, James
S. Btown, Cotfroth, Cole, Dawe^, Donnelly, ICckley, Eliot,
English, Frank, Ganson, Gooeh, Giinnell,GriMvold, Ilalo,
John H. Hubbard, Hulbuid, Kalbfleisch, Kern.in, Long-
year, Marcy, Marvin, Moorhoad, Moirill, Daniel
James It. Moms, Nelson, Noble, Odell, Ohailes O'Neill,
Pike, Poineioy, ltadloid, James S. Rollins, Schenck. Shan-
non, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,'l'liaycr, Up^on,
WadMVorth, William B. Washburn, WebMer, Wltaley,
Wheeler, Wilson, Windoin,Woodbridgo,and Yeanian— 5-2.
NAYS—Mc^rs. James <J. Allen, Alley, Ames, Aneona,
Andeihon, Arnold, John I>. Baldwin, Beaman, Blow, Bojd,
Ambrose W. Claik, Cobb, Thomas T. Davis, Oenbon,
Dilggs, Eden, Edgeitfm, EUhidge, Farn^worth, Finek,
Harding, ilatrinnton, Chaile-5 M. Ilari^, llolman, Asahct
W. Uubhaul., Injjorsoll, Jencke*., Philip Johnson, ICellev,
Fiancis W. lvellogij, Oit.Mido Kellonq;, Ivtiapp, Le Blond,
TjOtm, Long, jVJoriiMiiij Amos Mj ei Loomml Mvei-, Onh,
Patterson, Pendleton, Piiee, William 11 R.imial!, John 11
Kice, Edward I!. Kolhu*-, Ko-*s, Seofield, Stiles Tiuey,
Elihu B. VYa^hhutne,Chilton A. White, Joseph \Vr. White,
Williams, VVildei, and Fernando Wood—
So the House refused to lay the icsolution on
the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved the previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. KING. I hope the gentleman from Illi-
nois will allow me to offer n resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I decline to yield; the
gentleman has had his hour.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, is a mo-
tion to recommit in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, under the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
M r. FAR.NSWORT1I. 1 will hear the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Missouri.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the icport of the Committee of Election'?
in the contested case ol Birch agam-u King, Horn the M\th
eongtc^iunal distiul of Missouii, ho leeoiumiitcd, with
insti notions that the committee di-*po*e of ;uid decide the
motion filed by the eonte^tee Km<r to Mtppre^s certain
depositions taken by contestant Biich; and m deciding said
motion the e-onnmtteeaie niMiucLed tocxeludedepositions
not taken in pui^uance of the law regulating testimony in
con toted-elect ion case*.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I declineto withdraw
the previous question for that purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Then I
insist upon the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken; and the Hfousc refused
to adjourn.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was first on agree-
ing to the icsolution offered by Mr. Farnsworth.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question being on the adoption of the sub-
stitute, on division, there were—'ayes38, noes 58.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 39, nays 7^; as follows:
YEAS—Me-Ms. Jame  C. Allen, Ames. Aucona, An-
derson, Baxter, Blow, Bowl, Cobb, Cole, Thomas T. Da-
vis, Dawson, Denison, Prints, Ed'-ii, Edgcrron, Eidrldgc,
Fainsworth, GailicM, flainhgion, Charles M. Harris-, !]<•!-
uian, Jcnckcs, I'iulip Johnson, Kalbileiscii, Orlando JKU-
logg. Knapp, Le Blond, Long, Morrison, Pendleton, Wil-
liam II. Randall, Edwaid H. Rollins, Ho?*, Stiles, Eiihu
B. Wa«hburne, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Wil-
liam?, and Fernando Wood—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley. Allison, Arnold, Bailv, Augustus
C. Baldwin, John 3). Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Brooks,
Broomall, James S. Biown, Ambrose W. Clark. Coffroth,
Dawes, Donnelly, Eckley, Eliot, English, Finck, Frank,
Ganson, Gooch."Grider, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Haid-
in«, A«ahol W. Hubbard, John H. I-Iubbard, Hulhurd, I -
geisoll, Keliey, Fiancis VV. Kellogg, Kernan, Littlejohn,
Longyear, Marcy, Marvin, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Mor
ris, James R. Mom?, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nel-
son, Noble. Odell, Charles O'Neill, Perham, Pike, Pome-
roy, Puce, Radford, John U. Rice, James S. Rollins, Sco-
tle'id, Shannon, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,Thaver,'
Tracy, CJp-on, Van Valkenburgb, William B. Washburn,
Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, Wilson, Windom, Winfield,
Woodbridge, and Yeaman—72.
So the substitute was rejected.
The question then recurring on the motion to
discharge the committee from the furtherconsid-
eration of the subject, it was put and decided in
the affirmative.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the subject; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. J move that the House take a
recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to know whether the gentleman proposes that
there shall beany business transacted to-night.
Mr. WILSON. 1 propose that the session shall
be held under the rules of the House.
BLAIR YS. KNOX.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to give notice that
to-morrow, immediately after the reading of the
Journal, I will call up the contested-election case
of Blair and Knox.
Mr. STILES moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. ALLEY demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The yeas and nays weic not ordered.
The motion was ugieed to.
And llicieupon (at five o'clock) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 2, i8G4.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. I'owmak.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yeate rdny.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to dispense with the
further leading of the Journal.
ThePRE3lDENT;)ro tempore. It will require
the unanimous consent of the Senate. The Chair
heais no objection.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented throe petitions of men
and women of the United States, praying for the
abolition of slave) y, and for such an amendment
of the Constitution as will forever prohibit its
existence m any portion of the Union; which
were refetred to the select committee on slavery
and fieedmcn.
Mr. SUMNER, presented twenty-three peti-
tions of men and women of the United States,
piayingfor the abolition of slavery, and for such
an amendment of the Constitution as will forever
prohibit its existence in any portion of the Union;
which were refened to the select committee on
slavery atid freedmen.
REPORTS ITROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TEN EYCK,from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
450) to provide for the repair and preservation of
certain public works of the United States, re-
ported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was leferred the petition of John Pridgcon, of
Detroit, Michigan, praying that an Ameucan
eniollment may be granted to the Canadian-built
propeller Michigan, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a biil (H. R.
No. 307) to regulate commerce among the several
States, reported it without amendment
Mr. DOOLtTTLE, from the Committee on In-
dian AiTaiis, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 195) for the relief of Margaret L. Stevens,
widow of General Isaac I. Stevens, reported it
without amendment, and adversely.
