1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1675
turbance was so great that no fair election could
be held, and that there is no evidence that Mr.
Kitchen was (be choice of the majority of the
people. Well, sir, is not the same fact true in the
case of my colleague, [Mr. Anderson ?] He, too,
wasdriven from his home. He, too, had his house
searched and plundered by raiders from cellar to
attic. And not only that, but he was compelled
to leave his home long before the assembling1 of
this Congress for fear of raiders into his district.
It is also true, Mr. Speaker, that others upon
this floor have been compelled to flee from their
homes in consequence of the fear of rebel incur-
sions into their districts. Such, T believe, is the
fact in the case of my colleague, [Mr. Harding.]
Such is also the fact in lespect to members on
tins floor from Western Virginia. Not only have
they been compelled to flee from their homes,
but the people of Western Virginia were for a
long time unable to say whether they would fail
wholly within the power of the southern confed-
eracy or whether they would be allowed to remain
subject to the lawful authorities of the country.
Now, sir, here ate two thousand gpod men,
loyal men, true men, men who have never yielded
their allegiance to the southern confederacy at all,
who have come up at this election and cast their
votes for a Rcpiesentative on this floor. These
people have time and again repudiated the south-
ern confederacy. They have opposed by their
votes, by their money, and by their arms, the
success of the southern confederacy. They dared,
when the polls were opened, to go and cast their
votes without any certainty that that act would
not bring upon them the next day the rebel army,
without knowing whether their homes would not
be desolated for that act. They did it when the
rebel army was but a short distance from them
on one aide, when our Army was on the other
side, and with every prospect before them that
their counties were to become the battle-ground
of the two contending armies. Yet with decorum,
they dared to come to the polls and vote for an
unconditional, an unyielding, and uncompromis-
ingly loyal man to come heie to represent that
State m Congress. This district of Virginia has
paid into the Treasuiy of the State and of the
United States hundieds and thousands of dollais
for the benefit of the Government; and a portion
of the money now coming from Virginia into the
Treasury of the United States is distributed among
the members on this floor as their salaries. And
yet while they aie paying into the Treasury their
money, the result of their labor, and are doing it
willingly and cheerfully, they, it seems, are not to
be peimitted to have a man to represent them, to
speak for them, and fo ask that their rights in this
country may be sustained. They have their rep-
resentatives in the other end of the Capitol; they
have their Governor, their Legislature, and all
their municipal oificei s,and those men were elected
by the same votes, ;\t the same time, and under
the same encumstanccs. The Government 1ms
recognized that State; the Government has rec-
ognized Governor Pierpont as Governor of Vir-
ginia, and it has iccoguized the Legislature and
convention which met at Alexandria as the legiti-
mate Legislature and convention of that State.
Now, sir, I will not detain the House longer
than to tead some of the facts in this case, and
then, as the gentleman from West Virginia [Mr.
Wiiai ey] desiies to be heard, I will yield to him.
I considerthis a question of vast importance, and
one of vast interest to Virginia and to the whole
country, being no less than the right of represent-
ation where the Government has assumed the
right of taxing them and compelling them to pay
their money into the Treasury. If that be true,
when a majority uf that people corny here and
ask that their Repiescntative shall have a seat
upon this floor, it is the duty of this Congress to
give thnt right and admit that Representative
upon this floor. I will read an extract from the
report I have aheady made setting foith the facts
in this case:
Ti)'1 Committee of !'!< ction?, aftei con-udeting the con-
tested-election c;ee of Lewis MeKen/,ie is. B. M. Kitchen,
for the huvvntli congi e-^i.mal ii-trict of Viigniia, un im-
mouvf_v agteed lo the following point-' pie.-ented in the
papas':
' I. That tilp county <>f Bv'rkeley, ar the time tin; election
In tins cm e w is held," w i - " nhm the hHate ot Vngtma and
the seventh riiMt icf.
k-2. Thai Lewi- McKenzie i> not ontitU d to ;i seat in the
'Utilise of RcpieM nuitnvs ot th< Thntj-Eighth Congress
from the -eventh distnet of Vnguua.
"3. That the district was composed of the counties of
Alexandria, HorkUey, Ficdetick, rihenamloah, Jcffeibon,
Clnike, Warren, Loudoun, F.iuijiiiej, FaiifaA, andPimee
William, and that votes were east tot several candidates
to repiesent said district in tins Congress, in the following
counties, to wit:
Counties.
si
c
V
s
Upton.
Kitchen.
CJ
JZ
tp
«
O
| Minor.
>.
w
rt
£
Alexandria 
25''2
40
01
11
1
i
175
55
120
-
-
Prince William 
49
-
-
-
-
Loudoun  
j
<S
-
2
-
-
Jefferson 
33
1
51
252
-
Beikelev 
2
'
730
3
-
-
Tot.it vot^  
71G
J11
9m
208
1
l
u Total votf? cn^t in district, 2,0.Y).
uAnd that in the vote ca>t Mr. Kitchen received the
largest number ot any one of the candidate-; and therelore,
it any one is entitled to <i scat on this fluoi, Mi. Kitchen i*i
that one.
" The committee have bj a majority imported advemdy to
Mr. Kit'-lien, which the undesigned begs leave to dissent
from because of the lollowing lea-on**: there are eleven
counties m the seventh dismet of Virginia. >Six of s-aid
counties, Alexandra, Fairlax, Pnnce William, Loudoun,
JclTeihon, and Ueikeley, voted at the ta-t fc?tate general
election to a greater or less evteut for State officer-' as well
as foi members ot Congress. Some of the^e counties voied
nlinoi-t then entne vote ; m oilieis the vote was small, not
bccau&c there was <ib.-ulute intcrJerence, or constant pos-
session by the reheK or such an invasion on the day the
election was held as to prevent qualified loyal men from
going to the polls. There were rauK, it i-s tt ue ; fir.sf the
one and the other of the two armies in that section {.cut
armed troop* in smaller or greaiei number': over the coun-
try ; nod it was said men were alraid to vote because of
consequence^ that might follow; yet some did vote; ami
as a few did ru<k the consequence?, and cast their vote?, for
the vai ions candidate* piCM-nted, otheiv ot all might have
done the «=ante. Because a m.ijonty refused or tailed to
exercise that right, it is no rerwut why those w ho did should
be depi ived ot then reptc-eutation in litis Congrt ss.
Agai n, aceoi ding to the cenMi - oi 1 ?Qu, the counties com-
po->ing the M'venth di-Mi let <>1 Virginia had a popul.ilof
white mid black of 117,6-21. The c« U".tie< th.it\oted in
pait, or entne, had a population oi winte and blnek of
81.b95.
•• Tuu« it is shfuvn that a mnjoi ny oi the eountic*. and
a mnjouty of the people, weie wiihin su'istanttally the Fed-
eial lines and the jurisdiction ot the authorities or" the Gov-
ernment, and there i* no evnl-nc^ on file, noi was there
any oial testimony heloie the eo;nmiUc<. showing any
military interfeienee on the paitof the United States such
as to prevent the free net! full vote ot all qualified votei-,
not on the pni t ot the i ebeU in th ounties ju  t belote mcu-
tioned. Therefore the j hie a- iaid down in the case of .Mi.
Sccai, fiom the district ot the same State, does not apply
hote, foi wnile it is title that in nine oi the countivs tlnne
ivas but one di-triet or p'ecinet opened lot voting, thete
was no eviderier thatotiiei piecnu t- eould not have been
opened, nor was theic any evidence that jnceun-t- eould
not havi- hern opened m all those counties where votes
we i e taken ; but it was stated by the con test nig pa it if * that
there was gieat fear or indifference on ifie pa11 of the vot-
ing population, because ot damage and iiouhje that might
follow. It was not show n. howevei. that any man.or any
nuruber of tlio-e who did vote at the- f lection, have s-tillered
in consequence of tli'-n tonduit and avowed puipwao to
adhere to the Government
*• The Governoi, Lieutenant (I'.vernnr. and membei- of
the l-egislai me ol Vngiuia v\ < i" voted lot m the same eoun-
Ucv,and about m the ■-rune p: oput ti<m that earn! ulate* for
('omTre-s were voted for. These State ofheei^ have been
qunhfi"dj and all h..ve enteied upon lib ;t dntu s umkt the
State oig.aniz.inon iceo-ioi/A'd bj iltt Govoiuim ut oi the
United State-,and all then aet^nnd dominate row lecog-
mz"d as valid and eoustituijou.il; and the f.eui^laturc of
Virginia, a poition of who-e meuih' is were elected at the
san^e time Mr. Kitchen was and m tlie same uianiur, a;e
proceeding to elect a United State- Senatni,aud a!-o to pa-s
laws foi the governmeut of ih- St.tte of V ngima, to collect
taxe« and leveime and the Stat" i.s pa} mir into the United
States 'J'teasmy large -urns ofmonev to -ust.iin thehfe and
independence oi the* Government at this time, as it has-done
hereiofoie.
11 Fiom the foregoing rea^on^, and many otheis, the un-
deisigned has thought pioper to ofier a minority report, with
the following:
"Rcsulv&U That 15. M. Kitelien i.s entitled to a seat in
tbc Thirty-Eighth Crmgipss as a Repie^cntalive from the
seventh conL'rcs.-ional di-tnetof Virginia.^
Now, these are the facts summed up in a f«'\v
woids; and i defy any man upon this floor to
give a valid reason why he is not entitled to a seat
here. If there ever was a case during this rebel-
lion where a people were entitled to representa- (
tion here, it is evidently in this case. The only j
ground upon which the committee acted was that j
from the faet that a majoniy of the people in the j
district did not vote, tlniefotc they concluded ■
that Air. Kitchen prubu'oly was not the choice of |
that distiict. The prhwtjctcie en idenco is that he j
wus' the choice, because they did not vote against ;
him. They had the right, they had the piivi- j
lego, they had the libeity to vtr, but they de- j
chned doing if; and Mr. Kitchen io here with a ;
clear majority of the votes cast in his district,
and certainly he ought to be permitted to take
his seat; and I hope this House will have the fair-
ness, justice, and liberality, looking to all the cir-
cumstances surrounding the case, looking at the
action of the people, looking to the desire of the
loyal people of that State to eorac back into the
Union, to adhere to it, to maintain it under all
circumstances; I say I trust this House will have
the fairness, justice, and liberality to give him a
seat upon this floor.
Imagine your own State and your own people
in the same condition with the people of Virginia
here to-day, and then see if you can deny the right
of representation to that people who have been
trodden down and oppressed to this very moment,
and who, at the very first moment they could
breathe freely, fairly and honestly doclaied their
choice by the election of tins man by a larger
vote than was given to a Representative of that
State who wasadmitted as a Representative on this
floor during the last Congress.
Mr. DAWES. When was that?
Mr. SMITH. I know that Yirgmiahad a Rep-
resentative upon this floor, and that with a far less
vote than was cast m this ca«e-, and that vote, too,
not a vote of a majoiity of the people, not a vote
of a majority of the county, buta vote cast where
they could east them.
Theiefore 1 hope when the House comes to a
vote upon this question, they will say that Mr.
Kitchen is entitled to a seat here.
Mr. WliALEY. Mr. Speaker, I do not de-
sign to occupy the time of this House at length;
but 1 would consider myself unworthy lobe the
Representative of a loyal and suflenng people
were I to remain silent on this occasion; and I
wish to call the attention of members of this
House to some historical facts from the begin-
ning of this unholy war up to the present time,
especially to those which relate to my unhappy
vState. 1 hope you will bear with me patiently
w htie 1 hasten to give the reasons why I consider
Mr. Kitchen, with the other Representatives from
Virginia, entitled lo a seat on this door; and I as-
sure you that I am actuated only by the principles
of justice and i ight in making this shortappea) for
yourconsudoration on this very importantsnhjoct.
In the winter of 18G0 the "Legislature of Vir-
ginia passed an act calling a convention to assem-
ble m the city of Richmond to consider the rela-
tions of the State toward the Federal Government.
Seven States had aheady by their own act with-
drawn from the Federal compact, and attempted
to establish a separate and independent nation-
ality. The said act of the Legislature provided
that upon the same day the voto was taken for
the election of delegates to said convention the.
qualified vofeis of the S'ate should decide whether
or not the acts of this convention should be re-
ferred back to them for ratification or rejection.
The question before them was reference or no ref-
ei ence; and the people of Virginia , so fearful were
they of the designs of the Legislatuie, and so
jealous of their rights as freemen, rallied as true
[mtuots, and by a.majority unparalleled in the
history of the State, teaching eighty thousand,
decided that the proceedings of the convention
should be refern d back to them.
The convention met in the city of Richmond
in February, 1861, and the devoted patriotism
there shown by a large portion of our delegates
is well known to the country, and the speeches
made by many of them in behalf of the Unioh
for true and unselfish loyalty equaled the best ef-
forts of our fathers m the revolutionary struggle,
and will live in the history of this fearful contest
for a nation's life down to the latest generation.
Many stood firm as friends of the Union until
South Carolina and other States poured thousands
of their murderous rabble info the city, filling
every hotel and even the streets, and who sur-
rounded the hall in which the convention was held,
threatening to hang them if they did not pass
an unconditional ordinance of secession imme-
diately; and many ot the bravest, who hud hith-
erto battled manfully agamst'those who were at-
tempting to destroy and blot out toinver from the
map of" nations this great Republic, quailed before
the fearful storm which was then uigtng through-
out the city like an"epidemic, and were swept into
the vortex of secession, and compelled to send
forth their sons to fight in an unholy wtu against
tiieir own countrymen, a« well as to duve the
