1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
629
Henry Winter Davis, Dawson, Deming, Dennison, Driggs,
Eckley, Eden, Edgerton, Eldiidge. Farnsworth, Gaifield,
Grider, Grinneli, Hale, Hall, Harding, Benjamin G. Harris,
Heirick, Hoiman, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ilutohins,
William Johnson, Knlbfleisch, ICasson, Kelley, Orlando
Kellogg, Keinan, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long,
Longyear,Mallory, McBride, McDowell, McIOnney,Sam-
uel F. Miller, William II. Miller, Morrill, Morrison, Amos
Myers, Nelson, Noble, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Ortli, Pen-
dleton, Poineroy, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
liam H. Randall, Itobinson, llogers, Schenck. Scott, Shan-
non, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, John U. Steele, Stiles,
Strouse, Stuart, Thomas, Tracy, Voorhees, Wadsworth,
Elihu 13. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Webster,
Whaley, Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Williams, Wilder,
Wilson, Windom, Winfiukl, and Woodbridge—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Bax-
ter, Beaman, BotuwefJ,'CoIe, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes,
Dixon, Eliot, Frank, Gooch, Higby, Ilotchkiss, John H.
Hubbard, ILulburd, Jenekes, Julian. Francis W. Kellogg,
Loan, Marvin, McClurg, Mclndoe, Moorhead, Daniel Mor-
ris, Leonard Myers, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Alexander
H Rice, John H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Ross,Scofield,
Smithers, Thayer, Upson, and Van Valkenburgh—39.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. HARDING. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and on a count there
were—ayes 32, noes 76.
Mr. WADSWORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wadsworth
and Baxter were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 14, noes 72; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for a
count of the House.
The SPEAKER. A quorum is not required
on a motion to adjourn. The lack of a quorum,
however, suspends all other business.
Mr. BEAMAN. I cull for thu yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 13, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Alien, An-
cona, Bliss, James S. Brown, English, Lc Blond, Long,
McDowell,Noble, PendleKm, James S. Rollins, and Sweat
—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Alii&on, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, Baily, John D.Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman,
Jacob B. Blair, Boutwell, Bo>d, Brandegee, Bioomall,
William G. Brown, Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Davis,
Dawes,Demmg, Dixon,Dnggs,Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Griniiell, Hale, Higby, Jloopei,
Hotehkiss, Aoahcl W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Hul-
bunl, Jenekes. Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kel-
lo«!£, Oilando Kellogg, Loan, Lonsyear, Marvin, McBridc,
McClurg, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Daniel Morns, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton,
Odell, Chaiies O'Neill, Oith, Patterson, Perhain, Pike,
Poineroy, VViliiam II. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, Edward
II. Rollins, Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smith,
Smithers, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas.,
Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu B. Wa&hbmne,
William B. Washburn, Webstet, Whaley, Wheeler, Wil-
liams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—90.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for leave of absence until
Monday.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I call for the yeas and
nays on granting leave to my colleague.
Fourteen members voted for and 89 against or-
dering the yeas and nays.
Mr. WADSWORTH called for tellers on or-
dering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered ;and Messrs. Wadsworth
and Wini>om were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
twenty-five in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAY then withdrew his request for leave
of absencc.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the first amendment reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, to strike
it out and insert in lieu of it a substitute._
Mr. STEVENS. Before the question is taken
on the substitute for that section, I ask if there
arc not amendments to the original section to be
votod on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the Committee of the Whole reported but a single
amendment, to strike out and insert. When the
motion prevailed to strike out the section and in-
sert other matter in place of that stricken out, the
amendments inserted in the original section fell
with the original section itself.
Mr. STEVENS. How will it stand if the sub-
stitute is rejected ? Will it not stand then as it
was amended in committee before striking out?
The SPEAKER. The original section of the
Senate bill will remain without amendment; all
the amendments made to it in committee having
fallen when it was stricken out and a substitute
inserted.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I move to lay the bill
and amendments on the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 39,
noes 82.
Mr. ASHLEY called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 48, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James O.Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Bliss, Chanter, CotVroth, Cox, Dawson, Dennison,
Eden, Edgerton. Eldridge, English, Finck, Grider. Hall,
Harding, Benjamin G. Harris, William Johnson, Kalb-
fleiseh, Law, Le Blond, Long, Mallory, Marcy, McDowell,
McKuuiev, William II. Miller, James'It.Mollis,Morrison,
Nelson, Noble, Pendleton, Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, Rob-
inson, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Ross, Scott, John B.
Steele, Stiles,' Strouse, Sweat, Wadsworth, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, Fernando Wood, and Wood-
bridge—48.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
Baily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter,Beaman, Jacob B. Blair,
Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee, Bioomall, William G. Brown,
Cobb, Cole, Cieewell, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T.
Davis, Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot,
Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Grinuell, Hale, Higby, Hoopei,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Huhbmd, Hulhurd,
Jenekes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Or-
lando Kellogg, Loan, Longyeai, Marvin, McBride, Mc-
Clurg, Mclndoe, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos
Myers, Lcomud Myers Noiton, Charles O'Neill, Oith,
Patterson, Perham, Pike, Poineroy, William H Randall,
Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Edward H. Rollins,
Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smithers,
Spalding, Stari, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Upson,
Van Valkenburgh. Elihn B.Washburne, William B. Wash-
bum. Webster, Wimiey, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and
Winilom—87.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, stated that
Mr. FentonIuuI paired upon ail questions in ref-
erence to the conscription bill with Mr. Perry.
Mr. PERRY. I understood that I was only
paired on the main question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
that 1 only announced, as I was requested to do,
the statement to me of the gentleman from New
York. I supposed this was the main question,
as a vote in the affirmative is a vote directly to
kill the bill.
Mr. PERRY. As there may possibly be some
misunderstanding in reference to the matter 1 will
withdraw my vote. If Mr. Fenton were here
he would vote in the negative and I in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. FRANK stated that Mr. A. W. Clark
was confined to his room, and had paired with
Mr. Steele, of New Jersey.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, is there not
a rule requiring gentlemen to vote?
The SPEAKER. There is a rule requiring
members to vote.
Mr.GIUNNELL. I observe several members
on the other side in their seats refusing to vote on
this, the important military bill of the session.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The amendments of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union were agreed to en masse,
with the exception of the following, on which a
separate vote was asked:
Twenty-second amendment:
Strike out the following:
Sec. 27. Ami he it further enacted, That nothiug con-
tained m this act shall be so construed as to prevent or
prohibit the enlistment of men m the States in rebellion
under the orders of the War Department.
And in lieu thereof insert-:
All able bodied male perr-on* of African de-ccnt, between
the agesof nvemy and lorcy-five jear^ot age, whether citi-
zen or not, icsident in the United States, shall be enrolled
according to the piovisions* ot tin1 act to which this is a
supplement, and form part of the national fotccs; and
when a slave of a loyal citizen shall be drafted and mus-
tered into the f-ervice of the United State-- hi* master shall
have a ceitificate tiieieof. The bounty ol ;$ldO, now pava-
ble by law for each dratted man,-shall be paid to the person
to whom such drafted per*on owe-* service or laboi at the
time of his muster into the seivieeoi theUnited States,on
freeing the per-ou. The Secretary of War shall appoint a
commission in &ich of the slave States repieM'nted in Con-
gress charged to award a just compensation, not exceeding
$300, to each loyal person to whom the colored volunteer i
may owe service, who may volunteei into the service of
the United States, payable out of the commutation money
upon the mastei freeing the slave.
Mr. MALLORY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask for a division of the
amendment—of the part that provides for a draft
from that which provides for compensation.
The SPEAKER. It is one amendment as re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and cannot be divided.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 67; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, JohnBaldwin, Baxter, Beaman. Jacob B. BJair,
Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee, William G. Brown, Cobb#
CreswelJ. Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes,
Deming, Dixon, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Frank, .Garfield,
Gooch, GnnneJl, Hale, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, John H, Hubbard, Hulbuid, Julian, Kusson, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Loan, LoDgyeat,
Marvin, McBride, McClurg, Mclndoe, Samuel P. Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Monis, Amos Myers, Lconara
Myeis, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham,
Pike, Pomeroy, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Edward
II. Itollins, Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smith,
Smithers, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas,
Tracj, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, EJiliu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Webster, Wlialcy, Williams, Wil-
der, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—83.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Baily, AugustusC. Baldwin, Bliss,Brooks, James S.
Brown, Chanler, Coffroth, Cole, Cox, Cravens, Dawson,
Dennison, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Finck, Ganson, Gri-
der, Guswold, Hall, Harding, Harrington, Benjamin G.
Harri«, Herrick, Higby, Holman, flutchins, William John-
son, Kalbfletsch, Kernan, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond,
Long, Mallory, Marcy, McDowell, MeKiuney, James R.
Morris, Morrison, Nelson. Noble, Odell, John O'Neill,
Pendleton, Radfoid, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Ran-
dall, Robinson, Rogers, Ross, Scott, John B. Steele, Stiles,
Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Wheeler,
Joseph W. White, Winfield, and Fernando Wood—<67.
So the amendment was concurred in.
During the vote,
Mr. ARNOLD said: Believing that the Gov-
ernment in its necessity has a rightto the service
of every able-bodied man without regard to color,
and that such right supersedes all claim to service,
either for years or for life, under the laws of any
State, I am in favor of enrolling all men without
regard to color. Not recognizing any claim to
service under the laws of any State as a valid ex-
emption from the draft, I am opposed to making
compensation for such claim to service, especially
unless given to parents whose sons are taken with-
out compensation. I am for the enrollment an4
against the compensation. I vote " ay."
Mr. COLE, of California. I voted "no" be-
cause I cannot consent to pay the bounty to the
pretended owner of the negro and -not to tne negro
himself who fights.
Mr. GRINNELL. I have voted for compen-
sation on condition that the whole family of the
colored soldier shall also be entitled to freedom.
Mr. WILSON stated that he was opposed to
compensation, but that under the rule he was con-
strained to vote for the proposition as a whole as
an amendment of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Messrs. Julian, Orth, Ashley, and Allison
made the same statement.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, not being
within the bar when his name was called, asked
leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, stated that he
would have voted in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Sec. 29. And be it further enaclcd, That within thirty
days after the passage of this act it shall be the duty of the
board of enrollment, m each congressional district, to cause
lifts of the names of each and every person emolled under
the provisions of this act, and of the act to which this is
amendatory, to be printed, ai ranging alphabetically cach
and eveiy name of such person in the township or ward in
which he resides ; and that at least ten copie& of such list
of names of the persons enrolled in any township or ward
bo ported in public places in such township or ward; and
that five printed copies, of the full lists, in each and every
county, be deposited for public inspection in the otlice of
the county eleik, or of the proper custodian of the county
records of such county.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that that amendment
will not be concurred in.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 65, nays 81; as follows:
VISAS—Messr*. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
eona, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bli.-s, Brooks, James
S. Biown, (Jhanler, Coffroth, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Den-
nison. Du«gs, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Finck, Ganson,
Grider,Griswold, Hale. Hall, Harding, Benjamin G. Harris,
Ilernck, Holman  William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Kvrnan,
Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Longyear, Mallory,
Marcy, McDowell, MeKinney, William H. Miller, James R.
Morris, Moru^on, Nelson, Noble, Odell, John 0 Neill, Pen-
dleton, Samu.4 J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, Ross, Seott,
, John B. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Voorhees,
