1804.i
APPENDIX TO THE OU^llBESSIONAL GLOBE.
38tii Cong....1st Sjjss.
The Jacobins of Missouri and Maryland—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
place at the other end of this Capitol, 1 gave the
true explanation of the motives for bringing Mis-
souri affairs so often before the public and before
Congiess. Certain transactions which have oc-
curred there aie sought to be made issues in the
next presidential election. My excuse foragain
alluding to these matters is the prominence which
has thus been given to them.
My own conduct has been frequently brought
under review in considering these affairs. I am
content to be silent as to the manner in which I
have borne myself during this rebellion, believ-
ing that I have discharged my duty to the Gov-
ernment to the bestof my ability, and being most
willing to leave my record to stand the compari-
son with that of those who have thought proper to
criticise or condemn my course.
Things have occurred in Missouri and the other
border States not so easily understood by those
who come from happier regions, unvisited by the
calamities of war. In Missouri, at the outbreak
of the rebellion andforalong timeafterwards,the
State was a prey to the worst disorders. The
country was ravaged and destroyed, and a feeling
of bitterness has been engendered which is almost
without a paiallel. Upon this spirit of exasper-
ation, retaliation, and revenge, the so-called radi-
cals of my State have undertaken to build up a
party. Is this a fit foundation for any party to
rest upon? Can peace, prosperity, and tranquil-
lity be expected from those who act from such
motives? Can any secure or enduring principles
of Government be based on such sentiments?' It
may be and it is impossible for men to free them-
selves from the passion of revenge and the desire
for retaliation on those who may have inflicted
injuries on them or their friends and neighbors.
It may be utterly impossible to expect that men
can free themselvesentirely from such influences.
But, on the other hand, is it natural, proper, or
wise that the President and the great statesmen
who are directing the affairs of the Government,
and whose duty it is to educe peace and good will
out of these scenes of anarchy and disorder, should
be actuated by the feelings of bitterness which
have grown up among the parties to this strife?
Such passions aie in some degree excusable in
those who have suffered injury; but with what
face does a man set himself up as a statesman or
party leader who will fan such passions; who will
contribute to the public exasperation; who will
rekindle these smoldering fires; and who seeks
even to drag into them and destroy the Chief Ma-
gistrate of the country when he declines to be the
instrument of such malignant passions? Yetthis
is the position of the Jacobin leaders in Missouri
and theirconfederate JacobinsinMaryland. They
appeal to the Union men of other States to sup-
port them in their effoits to keep up the strife in
States in which the rebellion has been put down,
instead of fighting to put down the rebellion where
it still exists. They appeal to the Union men of
other States against the President's policy of am-
nesty, by which the armies of the rebels are being
demoralized and depleted, because they desire to
glut their vengeance and their lustof spoils. They
seek to make a direct issue with the President to
defeat his reelection, in order that they may enjoy
•the license of another French Revolution under
some chief as malignant as themselves.
The State of Missouri cast but seventeen thou-
sand votes for Mr. Lincoln; yet she has contrib-
uted sixty thousand men to the volunteer Army
of the United States. The State lias also a re-
serve force of sixty or seventy thousand militia,
ready at a moment's notice to spring to their arms
in defense of the State and the nation; and how
well and how often they have performed this duty
the House already knows from the speech made
by my venerable colleague, [Mr. King.] These
men have flocked to the standard of the country
and given their best efforts to its defense because
the President called upon men of all parties with-
out regard to political differences to rally to the
defense of the Union. Suppose he had erected
the standard now unfurled by the Jacobins of
Missouri and Maryland, proscribing all who do
not hold their present ultra dogmas; how many
men would baveemolled themselves in Missouri
under such a standard? I doubt whether wecould
mue contributed half the number that supported
the election of Mr. Lincoln. Happily for the
country the counsels of such people did not pre- |
vail at the outbreak of the war. All men who |
were willing to defend the country against its en- j
emies, without regard to their opinions pn the
subject of slavery or any other subject, were in-
vited to take arms. They were not asked to lay
down their political opinions and accept those of
the President or of his party. Now, these radj-
cal Jacobins denounce all who do not agree with
them, whether they have taken arms in defense
of their country or not, as traitors and as unfaith-
ful to the cause of freedom. The Missouri State
militia, whose valorand services were.so well de-
scribed by my venerable colleague, [Mr. King,]
and but for whom these gentlemen would have
had no districts to represent and no homes to
which they could return, have nevertheless been
made the subject of the slanders and levilingof my
revolution-broaching colleagues.
I do not consider it necessary to add anything
to the description of my four radical colleagues
which was given the other day by my venerable
colleague, [Mr. King.] The picture wdl be recog-
nized wherever they are known. I may say,
however, that the artist [Governor King] was a
supporter of our great Senator Benton in his at-
temptto repress the furious pro-slavery sentiment
which has at last burst foitk in rebellion, when
they were one and all, without an exception, the
persecutors of Colonel Benton and his friends.
My four Jacobin colleagues were at that time pro-
slavery to the backbone. Now, as is often the case
with renegades, they havegone far beyond those
of us who have consistently supported the Gov-
ernment and consistently opposed slavery, and
they denounce us as unfaithful to the cause of hu-
man freedom. •
A Member. One renegade is worse than ten
Turks.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I accept the sug-
gestion. It is not only applicable to the Missouri
radicals but also to those of Maryland. It be-
hooves them to purge their own pro-slavery rec-
ords by some appreciable service in the cause of
freedom and emancipation before they should he
permitted to denounce those who have passed
through the fires of pei secution (and they the per-
secutors) on account of their devotion to that
cause.
I hope I shall not be regarded as uncharitable,
but I cannot avoid looking at the course of these
men as dictated more by a desire to cancel and
obliterate the memory of their old crimes against
the cause, rather than Co advance its success in
the future. Their ultra doctrines are so much
better calculated to bring us defeat instead of
victory, that it looks in the light of their post
history as if this was their object, and the great
body of the tiue Union men in other States have
been sagacious enough to perceive this fact and
patriotic enough to act upon it. Hence in the
great State of New York at the last election the
suppoiters of the Administration and of the war
enlarged the name of Republicans, and held the
election under the name of the " Union" party
and nominated on their ticket men who had been
life-long Democrats. My colleague [Mr. Blow]
who has just dropped his pro-slavery pen-teathers,
and who absented himself from the country on a
foreign mission in the houis of its sorest trial, in a
speech which he made to attack me during my
absence in the fnj1d, denounced and assailed the
platform of the Union men of New York as a
weak-kneed Union affair, because I had referred
to it as a proof of their moderation and good sense
in refusing to allow differences of opinion which
have become trivial to imperil the restoration of
the Union. In th^ State of Ohio, also, the friends
of the Administration have nominated and elected
Democrats for Governor of the State for two suc-
cessive terms, without regard to their former or
present opinions on the subject of slavery.
It is left for these Jacobins and revolutionists
to erect a loftier standard of loyalty and patriot-
ism; to represent themselves as peisecuted mar-
tyrs of a cause of which they are only the eleventh
!: hour supporters; a cause which they would have
jj strangled m Us bath if they had had' the power to
h strangle it, and to which they have only brought
ij their suppoit when the battle was won and their
i aid was notneeded. They are like camp followers,
!' unknown and i?uh*-uni of while the b;«trl<> raged,
but are swift to plunder the dead, and mcrciless to
the wounded. Like old Jack Falstaff* they:rauti-
late the dead Percy, slain by another hand,bear-
ing his body off on their backs as a proof of their
desperate valor.
My colleague [Mr. Blow], in his speech the
other day undertook to draw the line of distinc-
tion between himself and myself, between his
principles and tfcose which I advocate. He as-
serted that the radical party of Missouri was in
favor of immediate and unconditional emancipa-
tion, and that I and the friends with whom I act
were in favor of gradual emancipation. I have
always been willing to accept gradual emancipa-
tion, or any other step in the right direction. I
favored immediate emancipation in my own State,
relying upon the compensation to the ioyal own-
ers of slaves tendered by Congress, and whenever
the people of Missouri or any other State desire
it, and adopt this plan,I am more than willing to
accept immediate emancipation. I cannotregard
any one as an honest man who wishes to place
the whole burden on the slaveholders, and who
is unwilling to bear his share of the expense in
accomplishing a general benefaction.
We have had recently an opportunity to test
the si«cerity of the Jacobins of Missouri on this
question, and I intend now to expose the hypoc-
risy of their professions in favor of immediate
emancipation to the very men they have deceived
and misled by their clamors and misrepresenta-
tions. When the last Legislature which satin
Missouri first assembled the constitution of our
State permitted emancipation by the Legislature
either by the consent of the owners of slaves or
upon fair compensation to be made to them. Th£
Congress of the United States had prior to that
time, and upon the recommendation of Mr. Lin-
coln, passed a resolution pledging the General Gov-
ernment to pay for the slaves in any of the border
States which should adopt measures for the abol-
ishmontofslavery. The radicals, combined with
the other Union men in favor ofemancipation,com-
posed a large and overwhelming majority in the
Missouri Legislature. My friends offered vari-
ous bills in favor of emancipation upon compen-
sation. The radicals voted against and defeated
every measure of this kind that was proposed.
Congress at its last session passed a measure in
this House appropriating $10,000,000 t<* pay for*
the slaves of Missouri; the bill went"to the Sen-
ate and the sum was increased to $20,000,000; it
came back to this House and was reduced to
$15,000,000. I undertake to say that the Senate
which had voted $20,000,000, would not have hes-
itated to give the $15,000,000 agreed to by this
House, if the measure offered by my friends in
the Missouri Legislature had not been defeated
by the Missouri radicals. A leading member
of that faction in the Missouri Legislature, Mr.
Charles P.Johnson, openly proclaimed his grati-
fication, in a social gathering of the brotherhood,
at the failure of the appropriation by Congress
to pay for the slaves of Missouri. The senti-
ment was received with applause by his brother
radicals.
The statement I have made would appear al-
most incredible to those unacquainted with the
Jacobins of my State; but the^record stands to
prove the truth of my statement, and to show that
these men have been and are still dishonestly
clamoring for what they do not want and will not
have; that in fact they wanted slavery to remain
as a bone of contention, or else were unwilling
that loyal owners should receive paymentfor their
slaves, even when the" money was offered by the
Federal Government. But my colleague says he
is for immediate emancipation without doing in-
justice to loyal slaveholders. I deny it, and ap-
peal to the records of the Legislature of Missouri
to makegood my denial. The measure wasagam
and again tendered to them by the Union eman-
cipationists of Missouri, and was as often refused.
It was under these circumstances that the con-
vention, a body elected prior to the rebellion,and
, which was intended by the secession leaders to
j carry the State out of the Union, but refused to
i do it, was called together, and upon the recom-
| mendation of our late Governor, and ih obedi-
: ence to the wishes of the people, passed an ordi-
I nance liberating the slaves of Missouri at the end
' of seven years, holding them to service for the
