1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILKINSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained,leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
295) making additional grant of lands to the State
of Minnesota, iu alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of a railroad in said State; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Jjands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
296) in relation to the fees and emoluments of the
marshal, attorney,and clerk of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 297) mak-
ings grant of land to the Territories of Dakota
and Montana, in alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of a railroad in said Territories;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
FOUT PILLOW MASSACRE.
Mr. FOSTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions bo instructed
to inquire whether any further legislation is necerfsaiy to
provide suitable relief for the widows and cluldien of the
colored soldiers in the service of the United Suites who
were lately massacred at Fort Pillow; and that said com- j
mittee have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
RECIPROCITY TREATS'.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire and repoit what legislative action, if
any, i*< necessary in ie§<ud to the icciprouity treaty with
Great Britain ; rind whether it he desirable, if the treaty
continue in force, that the Pacific coast should be included
in its operation ; and that, iu view ot the foregoing, the
committee be instructed to report to the Senate upon the
commercial results of the treaty thus far.
NATIONAL CURRENCY BILL.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimouscon-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That three thousand additional copies of the
act to provide a national currency be printed for the use of
the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the PiesidelH of the United States
had yesterday approved and signed the following
acts and joint resolution:
An act (S. No. 65) to provide for the payment
of the claims of Peruvian citizens, under the con-
vention between the United States and Peru of
the 12th of January, 1863;
An act (S. No. 248) in relation to franked mat-
ter; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 57) to amend the
charter of the city of Washington.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhehson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 395) to provide a national currency, se-
cured bya pledge of United States bonds, and for
the circulation and redemption thereof.
COLLEGE ItANCHO.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up House bill No. 179, concern-
ing lands in the State of California, which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands and
reported by them favorably. It is a bill that will
excite no debate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
- aider the bill.
The patent of the United States was issued on
the 28th of February, 1861, to Joseph S. Ale-
many, as the bishop of Monterey, and his suc-
cessors, for the tract of land or rancho known
as Canada de los Pinos, or College Rancho, situ-
ate in the county of Santa Barbara, California,
" to have and to hold" the same to him and them
g< in trust for the religious purposes and uses"
therein mentioned. The bill proposes to allow
Joseph S. Alemany and his successors, as the
grantees of the patent, to lease, mortgage, or sell
the rancho or any part thereof, and to apply the
proceeds under the direction of the Roman Cath-
olic archbishop of San Francisco, and his success-
ors in office, or other-proper authority of the Ro-
man Catholic church in the State of California, for
the purposes of education anywhere within that
State, anything in the patent or in the original
grant or concession of the rancho, or other title
whereby the same was acquired from and under
the authorities of Spain or Mexico, to the con-
trary notwithstanding; and all trusts, conditions,
provisions, or covenants, precedent or subsequent,
expressed or implied in the patent, grant, con-
cession, or title to the contrary, and all breaches
of the same, are by the bill waived, abrogated,
discharged, dispensed with and released on the-
part of the United States, for the purposes of the
act; and any conveyance or disposition made in
pursuance of it is to operate to pass the estate or
interest conveyed or disposed of free and dis-
charged from all such trusts, conditions, provis-
ions, or covenants.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say in explana-
tion of this bill that it is a House bill which pro-
poses to authorize the Catholic archbishop of Cal-
ifornia to sell a certain ranch or estate located in
the county of Santa Barbara in that State, which
was confirmed by the courts of the United States
and a patent issued to him as an officer of that
chutch, as the patent described " in trust for the
religious purposes and uses" of that religious
body. This bill proposes to authorize the arch-
bishop and the ecclesiastical authority he repre-
sents to sell this property and to apply the moneys
deiived from the sale to the general purposes of ed-
ucation among their people in the State. As the
grant was made with this condition it is deemed
by them necessary to obtain this additional au-
thority from Congress. That is all that thev bill
contains. There is no question in regard to it.
I hope it will be passed without any more con-
sumption of time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Has this bill been before
the Committee on Public Lands and been re-
ported by that committee ?
Air. CONNESS. It is a House bill which has
been reported favorably by the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I observe that the last
three or four lines of this bill are in these words:
And any conveyance or disposition made Ln pursuance
thereof shall opeiate to p,i?bthe estate or intei est conveyed
or di&po-ed $>f tree ami di-chargcd nom all such trusts, con-
ditions, provision^, or covenants.
I do not like such provisions in acts of Con-
gress. I know nothing about this case. My at-
tention lias just been called to it. If the bill sim-
ply proposes to surrender all interest the United
States has got I have no objection to it; the Uni-
ted States do not want to claim anything about it;
but to undertake to determine what may be the
effect of this surrender on third purties, if there
are any third parties, I think is a dangerous spe-
cies of legislation.
Mr. CONNESS. I explained it when up be-
fore. This land comprises what is known as one
of the old missions of California.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How much land is it?
Mr. CONNESS. That is not staie'd in this
bill. 1 suppose it is several leagues. It is a Mex-
ican grant comprising one of the California mis-
sions. When up before I stated that m the de-
cree of confirmation by our courts the confirmation
was made in trust for the religious purposes and
uses of that Christian denomination. It was by
reason of their religious organization that they
were in possession of a title from the Government
of Mexico to that land, and we, as we agreed to
do, confirmed their title. They now ask for ad-
ditional authority to dispense with that condi-
tion, so that they may apply the proceeds of the
sale of those lands for the purposes of general
education among their people; and, as a matter of
course, it is provided in the lines read by the Sen-
ator that the title that they shall give under that
sale shall be free from the restriction imposed m
the act of confirmation. That is all there is in it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I suppose there is noth-
ing in this bill except simply giving the jus dis-
powr.ndi fully where the party holds ail eleemos-
ynary trust, giving him the right to control it for
the purpose of disposition or sale. He might pos-
sibly by applying to a court of.-eq.uity. get the
same authority; but as the title |s fiela by a pa-
tent under the United States, it is necessary for
the United States to clothe him with th ejtisdispo-
nendi. There can be no possible objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I do not think the Sena-
tor from California understood the suggestion that
I made. I have no objection to this bill; I do not
wish to be considered as opposing it if it is satis-
factory to the Senators* from California; but the
suggestion that I made was that this grant is a
Mexican grant, as I understand,confirmed by our
courts; and, according to the terms of the grant
as confirmed by the courts, it is coupled with cer-
tain conditions. That I understand from the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. In tiustforthereligiouspur-
poses and uses of that church.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a grant by the Mex-
ican Government coupled with certain conditions
and confirmed by the courts, if I understand the
character of it. That being so, is it competent
for the Governmentof the United States to change
those conditions? If the bill simply provided
that the Governmentof the United States released
any title it might have, there could be no objec-
tion to it. If the Senator from California is sat-
isfied that it is proper for the Government to re-
lease them from the conditions imposed in the
grant by Mexico as confirmed by the court, I
have nothing to say about it. That is the only
suggestion 1 have to make in regard to it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The title in the arch-
bishop of Sail Francisco isderivedfrom the United
States; it is held under our patent, and our patent
defines the trust; and the reason for asking the
legislation of Congress is to conform to that old
maxim that governs the law, Cujusest dare ejus
est disponere: he who makes the grant may direct
and control it to a certain extent; that is, we can
release these parties from the conditions that re-
strain them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So far as we art- con-
cerned; but does not the bill go further than that?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not see any possi-
ble objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The last clause of it pro-
vides:
And any conveyance or disposition made in puisuance
thereof rfhall opeiatu to pa-* tiie estate or interest conveyed
or disposed oflreeami disehaisedfroinaH .such trusts, con-
ditions, provisions, or covenants.
If it added, " so far as the United States are
concerned," there could bo no objection to it.
Mr. CONNESS. The United States could not
discharge them from any other trust. There is
no question as to the title of this land. The Uni-
ted States has parted with its title. It has pa-
tented the land to this religious body. They sim-
ply ask for a modification of the confirmation of
their title, so that the proceeds of the land may
be diverted in part from religious uses and pur-
poses to educational uses and purposes. What
objection can there be to that? It seems most
extraordinary that there should be any objection;
but it is our misfortune that no question can be
presented here from our State thatis not impeded
by objections of this character.
Mr. HARLAN. My recollection of the char-
acter of this claim, I perceive, is erroneous from
the statement made by the Senator from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Conness.] It was examined, if I re-
member correctly, by the Senator from Oregon,
a member of the Committee on Public Lands, not
now in his seat, [Mr. Harding;] and, if my
memory is correct, he represented it as being a
small church property in the country woith but a
few hundred dollars, and that the proprietors de-
sired to sell it and to invest the money in other
property somewhere else. The committee saw
no objection to authorize them to sell their prop-
erty and reinvest the money somewhere else; but
the Senator from California says that it includes
several leagues of-land.
Mr. CONNESS. I presume it does. 1 do not
say that it is so.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think not. I believe
it is a small mission tract that is left there.
Mr. CONNESS. It may be a very small es-
tate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I believe itonly includes
the orchard and mission house.
Mr. CONNESS. But I cannot perceive how
that enters into the question at fill. Thepioperty
j is theirs, and it is sunply for us to say whether
