mm
3®E GONGIEBSIO^A-L GLOBi.
•April If,
loyal.citizens from the polls* to deprive, them of
'the right of suffrage in casting their votes against
the ordinance which the convention was coip-
pei^d to pass. Then, sir, had a regiment of our
-foaye soldiers been sent to Richmond and ar-
v^ested the conspirators in the convention and pro-
i3e$ted *he loyal citizens in theexetcise of the right
of suffrage, Virginia would not have been the
"battleground for the .two years, and would
■thisday be considered aa loyal asMar-yland., Ken-
tucky, or Missouri.
; It is ajvell-known fact thattroops.on their way
-to defend thecapitalof the nation were shot down
on the 19th of ApriUo the streets of Baltimore, and
a reign of terror existed in that city for three days
equaled only by that in Richmond; and,sir, had
.jaot Governor Hicks, supported by the Federal
• Government, stood firm and refused to assemble
,theLegislature,therebydepriviogthesecessionists
of the power to call a convention, Maryland would
have been mobbed out of the CJnion, and thou-
sands of her loyal citizens, as well as her loyal
Representatives on this floor, would to-day feel the
same mortification that the loyal men of-Virginia
are compelled to endure. " The timely act of the
Administration in arresting Marshal Kane and
the traitorous leaders of the secession party in tjie
Legislature gave the loyal people of that State
time to rally, and once more raise the insulted flag
ofourcountry, which had been torndown in every
part of the city. The loyal people of that State
were then permitted to assemble free and untram-
..meled at the polls and elect true and loyal men to
, office. And it is a high gratification, not only to
the loyal people of that State, but of the United
States, to know that her Representatives here have
,done their full duty in sustaining the Government
in its efforts.to end this unholy war, and conquer
a peace which will be perpetual.
t need not say that the traitorous Governor of
Kentucky, aided by Buckner and others, at-
tempted to call a convention, but the members of
the Legislature having already learned the terri-
.ble effects of secession in the old mother State,
where the brave and the true were battling with
the brave and the false, refused to comply with
the wishes of the leading traitors of that Stnte.
Kentucky was held in check by her position of
■ neutrality until her people saw and fully realized
the designsof those who were attempting to dis-
rupt every tic which held these States together,
and the innumerable sufferings which secession
would entail upon them, when they rallied around
the banner of their country and drove back the
conspirators who would pull down this temple
of freedom, and thus saved themselves from the
dishonor of becoming one of the seceded States.
The secessionists of Missouri also attempted to
drag her into this unholy conspiracy. Claiborne
Jackson,then Governor of that State, was organ-
izing an army for that purpose, and hud succeedcd
to a considerable extent, when the gallant and
brave Lyon marched to their camp and made
prisoners of them all. The Governor was com-
pelled to flee from the capital of his State, but he
issued a proclamation, and, aided by Price and
others, gathered around him a large' army, and
the soil of Missouri has been reddened with the
blood of her best citizens, and been the battle-
ground of the most stubborn and obstinate con-
tests for victory in this war. The flames of re-
bellion were kindled and swept like a whirlwind
over the State. Thousands of her citizens de-
serted their country in the hoar of its sorest trial,
and when it needed all its strong arms and stout
hearts to strike in its defense. Atone time nearly
the whole State was overrun by the followers of
Jackson and Price, and the Legislature passed an
act of secession, and congressmen and senators
were elected to the so-called confederate States.
But there was a brave and loyal portion of the
people of Missouri who, aided by the protection
of our soldiers, seized the helm of State and pi-
loted her back into a safe harbor under the pro-
tecting arm of this great Government. And, sir,
had it not been for the well-timed act of the la-
mented Lyon, and the protection afforded by our
armies, leu on to victory by General Sigel, aided
by the loyal Germans of that Stare, Missouri
might to-day have occupied the same position as
"Virginia. The Qonvention in that State elected
Governor Gambleandtreorganized their State gov-
ernment, and Representatives were elected by tile
loyal citizens from some districts where there re-
mained as few loyal citizens as the districts which
have sent Representatives here from Virginia,
now claimants for seats in this House.
Such was the condition of affairs in- these States
while the loyal men of Virginia had already sent
their delegates to a convention to restore theState
government, and sent three Representatives to
Congress, and elected United States Senators to fill
the places vacated by traitors, and sent twenty
regiments of her brave sons forth to battle for a
nation's life; and the sufferings and privations of
her people are without a parallel in this war, and
the faithful historian will give them a bright page
in the nation's history.
And while the nation may well be proud of the
patriotism shown by the loyal people of Mary-
land, Kentucky, and Missouri, let it be remem-
bered that the loyal people of Virginia set a most
noble example by rallying around the nation's
standard, and resolving to be free from secession
bondage or lay down their lives in defense of their
liberties and leave nothing remaining but the his-
tory of a brave and fallen people. And arc the
loyal citizens of poor old demented Virginia, the
mother of States and statesmen, a name around
which there is such hallowed recollections and
so many memories clustering associated with the
American heart by a thousand ties that time or
folly can never blot out, to be told that they are
to have no voice m the national council?
We find that the loyal people of three districts
of Virginia assembled at the polls on the fourth
Thursday in May last, surrounded by privation
and danger, and elected their Representatives on
the day prescribed by the constitution of Virginia,
framed in 1858,and which never has been changed
by their loyal Legislature. At that election there
were 2,059 votes cast, of which Mr. Kitchen re-
ceived a majority. Being duly elected, then, ac-
cording to the laws and constitution of the State
of Virginia, why should he be excluded from a
seat on this floor? It is true that the full strength
of the district was not brought out at the polls,
nor could it be expected when the remaining
voters were conscripted to fightagainsttheircoun-
try. Because the remaining voters are m open
rebellion, and consequently did not vote, will that
justify you in refusing a representation here to
2,059 loyal citizens who have periled life and prop-
erty by their devotion to the Union cause?
This election has developed many of the grand-
est and noblestexamples of patriotism in the an-
nals of history. Consider, sir, that thousands of
her loyal people have abandoned their once happy
homes, where they had wealth sufficient three
years ago to last them and their posterity down
to the third generation, and are now scattered
over the loyal States, reduced to absolute poverty,
rather than abandon the Governmentand be com-
pelled to march under a traitorous flag. And now
are the thousands of loyal citizens, who have re-
mained at their homes in the midst of danger to
preserve and sustain the free Government framed
by their illustiious statesmen, to be deprived of
the right of representation on this floor and com-
pelled to regard themselves as out of the Union ?
Thousands of their loyal sons have gone forth
to battle side by side with the sons of New Eng-
land, the Empire State, Pennsylvania, 'and the
great Northwest, and laid down their lives side
by side with them, and their bones now lie min-
gled together at Bull Run, South Mountain, An-
tic tam, and Gettysburg. And if their loyal friends
in Virginia are to be dqnived of the right of rep-
resentation, then let the news go over the wues
this evening to the fathers and brothers of the
soldiers from other Suites that their own Repre-
sentatives in this House have deprived tl\eir loyal
friends in Virginia of the rights guarantied to
every freeman, and that it is their policy to re-
duce them to a condition worse than a territorial
dependency, for even a Territory has a right to
send a Delegate here, with all the privileges of a
member to offer bills, resolutions, make speeches,
and only dopuved of the right of voting.
Gentlemen will consider that there is a loyal
State government in Virginia, recognized by the
General Government, and that the people of these
districts are subjected to taxation and conscrip-
tion. And the important question to be decided
by this House is whether they are to have the
right of representation, which never before has
been denied to the loyal people of any State in
this country since the Government was framed
by the fathers who threw off the yoke w&ch
bound them to Great Britain for this very princi-
ple—that taxation and representation go hand in
hand; and without this guarantee no free Govern-
ment can long exist. And are we, the degenerate
sons of those who erected this great fabric of lib-
erty upon so firm a foundation, to reject the car-
dinal principles which caused the patriots of the
Revolution to take up arms against the tyrannical
Government of England, and who, after march-
ing and suffering for seven years through hun-
dreds of battles, finally succceded in establishing
a Government founded upon the principle that a
people were to choose their own representatives?
And this principle has been advocated and sus-
tained by all the great statesmen of this country
since the foundation of the Government; and the
right has never before been denied to the loyal
'people of any State. I hope the gentlemen upon
this floor will pause and reflect before they cast
their votes in favor of a policy that will sooner
or later change the form of this Government, and
make us a degraded and oppressed people.
If it is the policy of a majority of this House
to deny to the loyal people of these districts the
right of representation here, then, in the name of
justice and right, let them not be subjected to tax-
ation and conscription.
When a people are ready and willing at all times
to surrender their property and pour out their
blood like water for the maintenance of a free
Governmentand free institutions, they are entitled
to, and should have, all the rights and immunities
of free citizens in that Government. The loyal
people of these districts have remained true to
the Union under the most trying ciicumstances,
and let us, the Representatives of a free people,
not refuse to extend to them the rights and privi-
leges guarantied to every loyal citizen. Let jus-
tice be done though the heavens fall! X earnestly
hope that the time will soon come, Mr. Speaker,
when the flag of our country shall wave in tri-
umph all over this fair land, and when wecdiisay
with truth—
" Far as the eyo can reach, the billows icam,
Survey our compile and behold ourhomo.
These «ne our lealnis, no limit 1o their sway;
Out fla« tiie scepter all who meet obey."
Mr. DAW ES. After the able remaiks of the
two distinguished gentlemen who have preceded
me, I fear that any feeble effort of mine will fail
to direct the attention of the House to the merits
of this case; and nothing but a feeling of duty and
the importance of the principle involved could
induce me to ask the attention of the House fora
single moment to that point. In the opinion of
the committee, the merits of the question involved
in this report and the precedent about to be set
here is of much greater importance than the set-
tling of the right of this claimant to occupy a
seat in this House for the remainder of this Con-
gress. It is of far more importance in the pres-
ent state of things in this country that we should
distinctly lay down our precedent and take our
position than that this or that man may occupy
any particular seat as a Representative in this
Congress. Such considerations dwindle into
nothing, in my mind, in comparison with the con-
sequences bound up m the decision that the Mouse
may make on questions of this character. Yet
I regret to say that such is the condition of busi-
ness in this House, and such the anxiety of its
members to proceed to matters of pressing im-
portance, that it has been impossible for distin-
guished gentlemen here this morning, and will
beof course impossible for me, to arrest the atten-
tion of the House long enough to get it to consider
the principles on which this report is made.
It is a truly mortifying fact that although we
are now at the close of the third year of this war,
the congressional distuct in Virginia that bor-
ders on this capital is still so far in the occupa-
tion and control of the enemies of the coun ti y that
never since July, 1861, has it been possible to
hold a congressional election in the district. It
is hardly worth while for us, Mr. Speaker, and
it would be altogether improper, I apprehend, for
me in this discussion to dwell for a moment on
the reasons or causes that have produced thi^state
of facts. Rut, sir, I submit that no gentleman
can go out on the walls of this Capitol and cast
his eyes around and behold the martial army upon
the hills that lie about, and still entertain a doubt
that the district nearest to us and almost within
