6B0
THE CON"GRESSIO jNTAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Wadsworth, Wheelei, Joseph W. White, Winfield, and
Fernando Wood—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Jacob B. Blair,
Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegec, William G. Brown, Cobb, Cole,
Cresweil, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes,
Deming, Dixon., Ecklcy, Eliot, Garfield, Gooch, Grinnell,
Higby, Hooper, Hotehfciss, Asahel W. HubbariL John 11.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenekes, Julian, Kassort, KeTley, Fian-
cis VV, Kellogg,Oilamio Kellogg, Loan, Maivin, McBndc,
McOlurg, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Moirill,
l>aniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonaid Mvers, Norton,
Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Ferhatn, Pike, Pomeroy,
William II. RnYulall, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Itice,
Edward II. Uohins, Schenek, Shannon, Sloan, Smith,
Smithers, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas,
Tracy, Upson, ElihuB. Wa-hburne, William's. Washburn,
Webster, Whaley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Wmdom,
and Woodbrklge—81.
•So the amendment was not concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Sec. 31. And be itfurthcr enacted, That in all cases where
slaves have been heretofore enlisted in the military seiviee
of the United Slates, all the provisions of this act, so far as
the payment ot bounty and compensation aic provided,
shall he equally applicable, as well as to those who may he
hereafter iceiuited.
Mr. UPSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was concurred in.
The question then recurred on the following
substitute:
Strike out all after the fiist section* and insert the fol-
lowing :
Sec. 3. -Anti be it further enacted, That the quota of each
waul ol a city, town, township, precinct, or election do-
ttier, or of a county, where the same is not divided into
wards, towns, townships, precincts-, or election districts,
shall be, as ue<uly as possible, in proportion to tin; numbei
of men lesijlenttherein subject lo draft, taking into account,
tV* fai as piacticable, tho number which has been pievi-
ously furnished therefrom; and in ascertaining and lilting
Kiiid quota theie shall be taken into account the number of
men who have heretofore! entered the naval seiviee ol the
United States, and whose, names are hoi no upon the enrol!
irtent lists as aheadv returned to the office of the Provost
Marshal General of the United Slates.
►"SEC,. 3. And be it further emitted, Tfi.U it tlx; quota fioni
any Srtite shall not he filled within the time designated by
the President, the provost marshal ol the di-tuet within
which anv ward ot a city, town, township, pn'cinet, or
election district, or county, whore the same if not divided
into wai ds, towns,iownsh i ps, precincts, or election districts,
which is deficient in its quota, is situated, shall, under the
direction of the Piovost Maishal Getieial, make a draft for
tho number deficient therefrom; but all volumeeis who
may enlist al'lei the draft shall have been ordeied, and he-
fore it shall be actually made, shall he deducted irom the
miuiluM urdered to bo drafted in such ward, town, town-
ship, picciuci, election district, or county. Ami if the quota
of any district shall not be tilled by the draft made in ae-
eoid.inee wall tho provisions of this net and the a< t to
which it is an amendment, limber dilifts shall he made and
like proceeding* had until the quota of such dtsitici shall
be filled.
Skc. 'I. And he. it further enacted, That any peison en
rolled undei the piovi-ious ot the act for enrolling and call
nig out. the national force*, and lor other purpose,--, approved
March 3, ItO.I, oi who may heie.ifu'r be so entolh d, may
furnish, at any tunc pievious to the diatt,nn acceptable
Mibstituie, who is not liable to draft, nor at tho time in the
military or naval service of the IJnitedStates and such poi-
son so rtirnishuiK a substitute shall he exempt f.oni diaft
during the time loi which such substitute shall he exempt
ftoin draft, not, howcvei, exceeding the time foi whieh Mich
substitute shall have been accepted. But ho pi ivate-ol
•Iter, musician, oi non-eommi-sioneil ofheet bcingaotually
in (he military service of ihe United States shall he pio
Cttied or accepted as a substitute.
•See, 5. And ho it fuithci enacted. That boai ds of em fill
jm*nt shall entoll all persons liable to draft under the pio-
visions of this act, and the act to which this is an amend-
ment, whose names m.iy have been omitted by the piopc i
eniolUug officers; all persons who shall airive/atihe age of
twenty veins before the draft; all aliens who shall declaie
their intention to become citizens; all persons discharged
fiom the mihtaiy or naval t-orvicc of the United State- w ho
ha\e not been in stieh scivice two jeats duung the piesent
w;u ; and all pewnw who have been exempted undei the
piov i-ions <i| the second section ot the act to which ibis is
ait amendment, hut who are not exempted by the piovisions
of this act; ami '•aid board*? of emoliment shall release and
discharge tiom diaft all poisons who, between the tune ot
the enrollment and the diaft, shall have ainvcd at the age
of foi ty-five \ears, atid Muill suike the names of such per-
sons from the emoliment.
SfcC.G, Ami he it fuithci < nu< Ud, That any pet-on dinlfetl
into the military sei \ ice of the United States mav, h"fo e
the lime fixed toi his appe,nance tot duty at the diaft icn-
de/,vous, furnish an acceptable substitute, stibjet t tt) such
rule*? and Kyutation*- as m<iv be pro.-eribod by the Seeietary
ol \\ ar. ft such substitute is Tiot liable to diaft, the person
furnishing him shall he exempt from draft duung the time foi
which siuh sub-mute i- not liable to diaft, not exceeding
the term for which he was di at ted; and if such substitute is
liable to dialt, the name of the person furnishing him shall
be liable to draft in filim# future quotas. And it anydialted
person nhalf iiereafter pay monpy foi the procuiation of a
substitute, under the provision of the act to which this is an
amendment, such payment of money shall operate only to
relieve such pciaon from diaft during the time foi which
the person was ({ratted unless the names placed m the box
for draUfdiai! be poou^rexhausted,m wluchcascthe name
of such person shall be leturned to the box.
Sec. 7. And be it fvilher enacted, That mcmbei-j of re
lupous denomumtions who shall by oath or affirmation de- j
claie that they are conscientiously opposed to the bnanug
of arms, and who arc prohibited fioin doinj  fo bythe rules
and articles of laith and practice ofsaid ichgious denomi-
nation, shall, when dratted into the military seiviee, be
considered non-combatants, and shall be assigned by the
Seeietary of War to duty in the hospital*, or to the care of
fieedmen, oi shall pay the sum of $300 to such person as
the Seeietary of War shall designate to receive it, to be
applied to the benefit of the pi<*k and wounded soldiers:
And provided, That no person shall be entitled to the ben-
efit oi tho piovisions of this section unless his declaration
of conscientious scruples against beanng aims shall be sup-
ported by satisfactoiy evidence that hi* deportment has
been unifoimly consistent with such dcclaiation.
Sec. 8. And be itjiother enacted, That no person of
foteign biith shall, on account ot alienage, he exempted
from enrollment oi draft undei the piovisions ot tilts act, or
the act to which it is an amendment, who has at any tune
assumed the rights of a citizen by voting at any election
held under authouty of the laws of any StatP or Territory,
or of the United States, or who has held any office under
sucii laws or any of them ; but the fact that any such poi-
son of foreign birth has voted or held, or shall vote or hold,
office a- a(ote aid, shall he taken a- conclusive evidence
that he is not entitled to exemption iiotn nuhtaiy service on
account of alienage.
See. 9. And be it fuithcr enacted. That any manner or
able seaman who shall be dialled under this act, or the act
to which this is an amend incur,-hall have the light, within
eight days after tho notification of such diaft. to euhft m
the naval seiviee as a seaman, and a ceitificate that he has
so enlisted being made out in conformity with ie ulations
which may he piescnbeil by the Secretaiy of tho Navj .and
duly presented to the piovost marshal of the district in
which such marmerorablc seaman shall have been dialtcd,
shall exempt him fiom such dratt: lJiovulcd, That Ihe pe-
liod for which he shall have enlisted into the naval sci vice
shall not be less than the period for winch he -hall have
been diafted in lo tin- uuhtaiy service : AjuJ pro tided further,
That the said cei tifieiue shall declare tii.it satisiactoiy pioof
has been made befoio the naval officer i-sinnu the same
that the said pei^ou so enlisting in the Navy is a manner
by vocation, or an able seaman. And anv pet-on now in
tho militai> seivici* ot the United States who shall tnrni-h
satisfaetoiy pioof that ho is a maunei by vocation or an
able seaman, may enlist into tho Navy under such i ule-and
lobulations as may be presci tbed by tho Seeict.uy of ihe
Navy ami ihe Societaiy of Wat • Piovidod, Th.it -ueli en-
list men l shall not bo toi le-s than the unexpned let m ot his
niihfaiy -oi vice not foi less than one veai. And the hount}
moncv \\hich any inannci oi se.unan enh-uiiii: hom the
Aimv into ihe iVavj may have icceived fiom the (Miited
Stales, oi from the State in winch he enlisted in tho Aimv,
-hall he deducted hom the pn/.e money to which he may
become entitled during the time requued to complete his
tmhtuiy service. Aud ponded Itntiter, That the whole
numbei of such tiansfei enlistments shall not e\< eed ten
tliousand.
Si:c. 10. And he U fuithci enacted^ That whenever any
such mariner or able -cam ;in shall have been exempted hom
such diait into the nniitaiy service b\ sueit enlistment into
tho naval seiviee, under -uch due ceitificate iheieot'. the
waul, town, tow nship, ptecinct,oi election distuct,oi coun-
ty, when the same is not divided into wauls, towns, town
ship-, piet met i, or election di-ti iet = , fiom w hich -ik h per
son ha- been diafted, shall be credited upon its quota to nil
intents and puiposcas it he had been duly mustered in the
milit.uy seivice undei siieh diair.
Si e. I I. And he it fmthn enacted, Thut all enlistments
into tho n<u til service oi maiuie coips that maybe here-
after made of persons liable to sei vice undei the act of Con-
gte-s entitled *'An act for enrolling and calling out the
national toreos, and for other puipose-," appioved Maich
3, 1S(53, sb.all he cicihted to tho waid, town, township, pie-
einct, oi election disti u t, o: count), when the same is not
divided into waids, towns, town-hip*, precincts, or election
distiKts, in which such enli-ted men weie oi may he en-
i oiled and liable todutj under the a 't aioie-aid, under such
lobulations cfi the Piovost .Maishal (ietuialoi the United
Slates may pie-cube.
Sic. 1*2. And he it fnither enacted, That no pilot, cn-
giueet, master-at-anns, acting voluntetr liemonatn, act
in^ ma-tei, acting nisi«n, <u .icimg nri^tei's mate, havimi
! an ajipoiniinent or acting appointment -uch, and being
j actualh m the naval -eivice. shall ho ?uhject to military
i di.ilt while iMhhm: Mich appointment
Si < . 13. And ht it lint her eiu.ded, That the following
pei-ons he, and the\ ate hoteby, excepted and exempted
hom eiuollment and diaft undei the piovisions of this act
nod ot ti.e net to which this is an ameii<huent, to wit: «uch
a-ate iejected a* phy-iealiy oi mentally unfit for the -er-
\ ice, all per-oiis aetuallv in the military oi naval service
of the United States at the tunc of (halt, and all persons
who have sei ved m th" nuhtaiy oi naral setvicc two j eais
duting the present war ami been honoiably di* charged thoie
hom. And no persons but su< h as are herein excepted
shall bo exempt
Sre. 11. And !>e ii fia liter cnueted, That section tin ee of
an act entitled uAn act lor enrolling and calling our the na-
tional foice-. and toi othei puipo.-f nppioved Mmch 3.
l^f>3. and : o much of seer J on ton of -aid act as provides for
the -epruate( nrollment ofcaeh class, he, and the -nine are
heieb\, iept .tied, and the two clas-e- mentioned m the third
section ol -aid aet shall be eonsoiidat'-d
Si:c. l.i. And he it hntker enacted. That any person who
•shall foicihly iosi;.t or oppose any eniolh)<Pnt,'or who shall
meitc, coun-cl, eiKomage, or who shall conspire or con-
federate with any other pei-on or poisons fotcihlv to resist
oi oppose any mjcIi entoilnient, or who shall aid or assist
or take an\ part in any forcible resistance ot opposition
theieto, or who F-hall a--aulf, obstiuct, hindei, impede, oi
thieateu any officer or other peison employed oi aiding tn
making such eniolhnent. or employed oi aiding in the per-
lonnnnc: ol any snvire ldatjng tbcicto, oi in ane^Ung or
aiding to arrest any spy, oi doseitei fiom the iruiitaiv ser-
vice of ihe United shates, shall, upon conviction theieof in
any court competent to tty the ofllnse, be punished by a
fine not exceeding ^">.000. or by imprisonment not exceed-
ing five yeais, or by both of said punishments, in the dis-
cretion of the court; but nothing m this scction contained
shall be construed to relieve the party offending fiom lia-
bility undei proper indictment or process for any crime
against the laws of a State committed by him while vio-
lating the provisions of this section.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of
Wai shall detail or appoint such number of additional sur-
geons for tempoiary duty in the examination of persons
drafted into the military service, in any district, as may be
necessary to secure the prompt examination of all such
persons, and to fix the compensation to be paid to surgeons
so appointed while actually employed. And such suigeons,
so detailed or appointed, shall perform the same duties as
the surgeon of the boaid of enrollment, except that they
bhall not be permitted to vote or sit with the boaid of en-
rollment.
Sec. 17. And he it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War is authorized, whenever in his judgment the public
interest will be subserved thereby, to peimit o.r require
boatds of examination of enrolled or drafted men to hold
then examinations at dtfterent points within their respect-
ive emoliment districts, to be determined by him Pro-
dded, That in all districts over one hundred miles in ex-
tent. and in such as are composed ol over ten counties,
the boaid shall hold their sessions in at least two places in
such dis-tnet, and at such points as are best calculated to
accommodate the people theieof.
Slc. 18. And he it furthet enacted, That provost mar-
shals, boatds ot emoliment, oi any member theieof acting
by authority of the board, shall have power to summon
witnesses in behalf ot the Government, and enfoice their
attendance by attachment without previous pajment of
lees, m any ca-o pending betore them or cither of them;
and the fees allowed for witnes-es attending under sum-
mons shall he six cents pei mile for mileage, counting one
vvaj ; ami no other fees or costs shall be allowed underthe
piovisions of this section; and they shall have powei to
administer oaths and affnmations. And any person who
shall willfully and coiruptlv sweat or athnn falsely before
mi) piovo.-t mai-hal, or boaid of enrollment, or member
theieof acting by authority of the board, or who shall, be-
fore any civil magi-tiate, willfully and couuptly swear or
affiim falsely to any affidavit to be used in any case pend-
ing betoie any piovo-t marshal or boaid of eniolhnent,
shall, on conviction, be fined not exceeding §500, and im-
piisoned not less than six months nor more than twelve
month-. The diafted men shall have process to bring in
| witnesses, but without mileage.
Sue. 10. And he it fiat fin enacted, That copies of any
reeoid ot it provost m.'u-hal or boaid of emoliment, or of
any part thereof, cot tihed by the provost marshal, or a ma-
joutv of said boaid of cut oil men t, shall be deemed and taken
«ts evidence in any civil or uuhtaiy court m like manner us
the ongiual iceord : Pjovided, That if any person shall
knowingly ceitity anv false copv oi copies of such record,
to be used in any civil or military couit, he shall be sub-
ject to the pains and penalties of pcijmy.
See 'JO And he it fmther enacted, That all claims to ex-
emption shall be verified by the oath or affirmation of the
party claiming exemption to the truth of the tacts stated,
unle-s it shall >at isfaciouly appeal to the board of eniolhnent
that such party is for some good and sufficient teason un-
able to make at piesent such oath or affirmation ; and the
testimony of any other party filed in suppoit or a claim to
exemption -half aho be made upon oath or affirmation.
Sec. 21. And he it further enacted, That if any peison,
diafted and liable to render military seiviee, shall procure
a decision of the boaid of enrollment in his favor upon a
claim to exemption by any fiaud or false repiesentation
practiced by himself oi by his procuiemetu, such deci-ioti
or exemption shall be of no eftVct, and the peison exempted,
or in whose favor the decision may bo made, shall be
deemed a desciter, and may beanested, tried by court-
maitiiil, and puni-hed as such, and shall he held to service
toi the full teim lot which he was drafted, reckoning fiom
the time of his ane-t: Provided, That the Societaiy of
Wai may order the dischaige of all persons in the military
service who aie under the age of eighteen > eais at the tune
ofthe application for their di-ehai ire, when it shall appear,
upon due pioof, that such per-ons ate in the service with-
out the con-oni, ettbet expiess or implied, of their parents
nr guardians: *lnd proiuled /a?//icr. That such per-on*,
then pueiits oi iruatdi.im, -hall fitst lepay to the Govern-
ment and to tho State: and local authoimesal] bounties and
advance pay which may have been paid to them, anything
in the act t<> which (ins is an amendment to the contraiy
iiofwith-fandiiig.
Src. "22. And he it fiuther enacted, That any peison
who shall ptocure, or attempt to piocute, a false report
from ihe stinroon of the boaid of eniolhnent concerning the
physical condition of arty drafted person, or a decision in
la voi of -uch peison by the boaid of eniolhnent upon a claim
to exemption, knowing the same to be false, shall, upon con-
viction m an\ district or circuit court of the United States,
bo punished by imprisonment foi the period for winch the
pariv was diattcd.
Ss-c 23. And he it further enacted, That the fifteenth sec-
tion of the act fo winch this is amendatory he so amended
that it will lead as follows: That any -uigcon charged with
the duty of such inspection, who .shall receive from any
peison whomsoever any money oi other valuable thing, or
agioo, directly or indirectly, to teoeive the same to tn- own
ot another's use, for making an unpeiteet in-pccti'Ui, or a
false oi incorrect repoit, oi who shall willfully neglect to
make a faithful inspection and ft ue repoit, and each mem-
ber ol the boaid of entoilnient who shall willfully ngiee to
tin: ditchaige fiom serviceof any diafted peison who is not
legallyand piopeily entitled to such dischaigo,shall be tned
by a eouit-mai tial, and, on conviction thereof he punished
by a fine not less than $300 and not nnue than $10,000,
shall be imprisoned at tlm discretion of the couif, and be
cashiered and dismissed the serwee.
Si-c. 2*1. And be it further enacted, That the fees of
agents and attorneys for making out and causing to he ex-
ecuted anv papeis in support ot a claim for exemption from
drait. oi loi any services that ina_\ bereudoied to the claim-
.nil, shall not, in any caae, tTvcwd five dollats; and phy0i-
eiau; or •'urgenn- furnishing certificates of disability to any
