1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
the sound of our voices is still a camp, is still a
battle-grounds and that the armies of the nation
and those of its enemies are still arrayed against
each other, with all the incidentsand all the con-
sequences of war at our very doors.
In that state of facts it is, Mr. Speaker, that
this gentleman comes here and claims that it is
possible there should have been an election held,
and ,he should have been elected to Congress—an
election held under the very guns of the enemy,
and within the very lines which that enemy claims
and occupies as his own. The Committee of
Elections, as I have had occasion to say hereto-
fore, has not found it necessary to dwell on other
questions that are controverted, and on which
gentlemen in this House entertain diverse opin-
ions—such as the legal condition or status of the
State of Virginia. Gentlemen of profound learn-
ing differ on these questions, and it is not for the
committee to undertake to controvert the posi-
tions assumed on onoside or the other unless itis
absolutely forced upon their consideration. The
committee has felt that it might weil assume the
consideration of facts in this case, which the Ex-
ecutive and Congress itself have assumed, that
there is a State of Virginia. Those members of
thecommittee who were present in Congress when
that position was taken have no personal respons-
ibility for the position then taken. They raised
their voices against itwhen the matter wasunder
consideration here. Other gentlemen differing
with them have put Congress in the position of
recognizing the existence of a State there. The
committee do not say that the position is incoi rect;
they only accept it and its conscqucnccs. Nev-
ertheless, such a condition of things existed in
this very district that, though it may be a State,
with all the functions and all the rights of aState
in the Union, there could have been no such thing
as an election there; and there has not been a time
within the last three years when any one can say
there has been a free exercise of the will of the
people of that district, nor has the thing been pos-
sible. There is but a small poi tion of the district
outside of the lines of the enemy. A. much larger
portion of it than that within our lines haw been
covered by the armies of the enemy and is within
the lines of its pickets. Even in that portion left
to us hardly any one, except within the lines at
Alexandria, could go to the polls except he took
his life in his hands, gr at least without exposing
his property and the peace and safety of his home.
And we all know that men consult their personal
safety and self-defense rather than expose them-
selves by asserting their legitimate right of voting
at the polls. Can it be said that under such cir-
cumstances there could be an election?
My friend from Kentuckywho,unfortunately,
differs with the rest of the committee in the con-
clusions to which he comes, has been eloquent in
asserting the right of that district to representa-
tion on this floor, and defending what he claims
to be that right, by defending the claim of Mr.
Kitchen to be its Representative. The question
is, rather, has the distuct chosen Mr. Kitchen to
be its Repiesentative r Ifnot, then the.gentleman
is not defending their nghtfo representation here,
by insisting on foisting Mr. Kitchen upon them
and into the seat.
Now, I claim that the majority of the commit-
tee occupy that position, and that my friend [Mr.
Smith] stands in the way of the free exercise by
the people of their right of representation on this
floor, itis not the securing to any particular man
a seat in this House that secures the right of rep-
resentation to the legal voters of a district, in
this case we would put into a seat here, as the
Representative of this congressional district in
Virginia, a man in whose election the people of
the district had no voice. He who would do so
is the last man thatought to claim he is defending
the right of the people torepicsentation; for that
right consists in their being able to select their
Representative. Any measure taken here that
deprives the majority of the people of a district of
the right of selecting their Representative on this
floor depuves thein of thenghtof representation;
and when my friend from Kentucky comes here
and undertakes to ask the House to put in his seat
here, as a Representative, a man who cannot be
said to be the choice of a majority of the voters
of the district, he attempts to stifle the voice and
not to protect the right of representation of a peo-
ple.
Mr. SMITH. 1 ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts whether he lays down the rule that
the majority of voters in a district must abso-
lutely cast their votes before a Representative can
take his seat on this floor?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly not, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. SMITH. Then I would like to ask this
further question: whether the evidence before the
committee and the country is not thata majority
of the voters of that district, and of the State of
Virginia, went into rebellion; and if that he true,
whether, if a majority were to vote, their Repre-
sentative would not be a disloyal instead of a
loyal man ? And I ask whether we are not to be
governed by the loyal votes of a district, and not
by those of the disloyal.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections
has never, for a moment, taken into account the
number or force of the disloyal men in that dis-
trict, beyond their influence upon, and physical
control which the disloyal may have over, the
loyal men of the distiict. The committee has
never, in considering the question, taken into ac-
count whethera man received the vote of a major-
ity of all the electors in any given district, it is
to the vote of a majority of the loyal voters that
the committee has always sought to give effect.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts whether there was evidence before the
committee that all the loyal men of that district
did not vote ?
Mr. DAWES. I was about to say, when in-
terrupted by the gentleman from Kentucky, that
the Committee of Elections has never held that
it was necessary for a majority of the loyal men
of a district to express their choice at the polls.
The committee has always hold and In id down
the position, and the House has always sanc-
tioned it, that when all the loyal voters of a dis-
trict had the opportunity to go to the polls, and
did not choose to avail themselves of it, those
who were absent were to be presumed to acquiesce
in the action of those who did vote, if a small
minority of all the loyal voteis of a district should
choose to go to the pollsat a regularelection, and
if the large majority should choose to stay away,
the iattter must, according to all the principles of
our Government, be construed and held to an ac-
quiescence in what has been done by those who
did go to the polls.
But when such is the condition of things in a
district thata majority of its loyal voters cannot
exercise their right of choice, when they are un-
der duress, and are kept away from the polls, does
not my friend from Kentucky think that he mocks
them when he says they are to be held to acquicscc
in what those few, who were permitted to go to
the polls, did? Acquiescence,consenting,implies
the right and the power to object. No man can
be estopped because he has failed to object when
his mouth is stopped,and when he cannot object
if he would.
Now, what are the facts in this case? Why,
that but a very small minority of the voteis of this
district actually exercised their right to vote at
this election, and that of that small minoiity this
gentleman hud but a small plurality; and that five
sixths of that plurality was made up of votes in
a single county which his own State and the State
of West Virginia, so far as they could, have taken
up bodily and set into the State of West Virginia.
Without the votes which he received in that
county, which was virtually, so far as the votes
of those two States were concerned outside of the
State of Virginia, he received but 232 votes in the
whole district, while there weie 900 or 1,000 votes
against him. He had seven hundred and odd
votes in that county, and he had only 232 votes
out of it. And, sir, the people of the county in
which he received most of his votes, on the very
day of the election, voted, as far as they had the
power to do so, to transfer themselves to the State
of West Virginia.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia. Did the State
of West Virginia act upon that day?
Mr. DAWES. The history of the affair is recited
in thereporlof the Committee of Elections. The
State of West Virginia undertook to embrace this
county within its limits at the time the State was
formed, and made provision for its being included
in that State. The old State of Virginia passed
a law to allow this county to become partof West
Virginia, provided that on the day when this elec-
tion was held they should vote in favor of joining
West Virginia and that West Virginia should
agree to accept them.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, here made &
remark which was inaudible to the reporters.
Mr. DAWES. Let me tel! the story in mjr:
own way. The State of Virginia transferred this
county, as far as they could do so, to West Vir-
ginia. They left it to the people of that county
to say upon the day when this election was held
whether they would go over to West Virginia,
and theydecidefl on that day almostunanimously
that they would go over to West Virginia. So
far as the two States could do it, they had trans-
ferred that county to West Virginia.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia. After the
day of election.
Mr. DAWES. Exactly,andthatiswhatmakes
the report of the committee true, when it says
that although these States ha%lone all that they
could do legally to tranfer the county, the county
was still in old Virginia until Congress should
ratify the proceeding.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia. You state
that the county belonged to old Virginia on the
day of the election.
Mr. DAWES. I wish my friend had read the
report of the committee, for that is exactly what
I said in the report and what I said in the House
when this case was last before it.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia. I did not
hear the gentleman's speech upon that occasion,
nor have 1 read it.
Mr. DAWES. I am not to blame for that.
We said in the report that so far as those two
States were concerned, and so far as the people
of the county were concerned, this county was,
in point of fact, a part of another State, but their
action required the ratification of Congress. If
you deduct the vote of that county, this man,
Kitchen, stands just as I said he did. And al-
though the votes of that county are to be legally
counted for Mjc. Kitchen, yet the fact that he was
the choice of no other county may be taken into
consideration in determining what would have
been the vote of the counties within the enemy's
lines.
Shall we then, Mr. Speaker, under the claim of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Smith,] that
we arc asserting and defending the right of this
district to representation here, admit to a seat here
as a Representative and give the right to speak for
the people of this district to a man who had only
232 votes in what is, so far as the States have
themselves determined, the district. My friend
from Kentucky, when he gets up heie and advo-
cates the rightof thisman to a seathere,is stifling
rather than defending the voice of the voters of
this district, and that is his mistake.
Mr. SMITH. Icall the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections to his own
statement in his report. He used this language:
''Congief-s has never consented to the transfer of the
county ot Berkeley liomthe one State to ti>e other, and
without that consent it cannot be done. B<  keley county
i? therefore &US1 a pait of the old State of Virginia. The
vote of Berkeley county must consequently be counted in
the icsult, unless there be suine other and valid objection
to it."
Now, Mr. Speaker, those are the deliberate
words of the chairman of the committee after all
the evidence was before the committee and the
argument had been heard. It seems to me, there-
fore, that the chairman of the committee in en-
deavoring to prejudice the minds of the members
of the House against the claim of this gentleman
to a seat here, is inconsistent with himself.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would ask my friend from
Kentucky if I have soid anything to-day that is
inconsistent with what he has read?
Mr. SMITH. 1 think the argument yon are
using to-day is.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentleman a
portion of my time to show that fact to the House,
i said to the House that while Berkeley county
was still, in point of fact, in this district, yet vir-
tually, and so far as the two States and the people
of the county were concei nod, it was in the State
of West Virginia. And if you should take out
the vote of Berkeley county, you would have re-
maining cast for Mr. Kitchen only 232 votes. 1 ad-
vocated the position that legally Berkeley was still
in the State of Virginia, for the want of ratifica-
tion of the action of the two States and of the peo-
ple of the county by Congress. I intended to
state the fact in that way, but that does not affect
