1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO
all prior orders, and proceed to the consideration
of Senate joint resolution No. 50.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to the
postponement of prior orders, but 1 do think the
Dill referred to by the Senator from California
ought to be taken up and acted upon. It is in
relation to the perfection of the tides to property
in the city of Han Francisco, and also changing
the mode of executing the surveys of private land
claims in that State. It has been before the Sen-
ate I believe once or twice. The committee have
labored on it for a long time, and have taken the
advice of some of the best legal minds of Cali-
fornia on the subject. It is a question,of vast
consequence to the people of the city of San Fran-
cisco at least, and of very considerable public con-
sequence as the Committee on PublicLands think,,
and I think that that measure ought not to be post-
poned for the consideration of anything of less
public interest. I do not know what the bill is
that the Senator from New Hampshire desires to
take up, but I do think the bill of which I have
spoken ought to be taken up and acted upon at
an early period.
Mr. CONNESS. If the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire will allow me to take up
that bill I shall be very much obliged to him.
Mr. HALE. The measure that I propose to
take up is not a private matter; it does not relate
to me or my constituents; it relates to alittle con-
cern in which the,whole country is interested—
the Navy of the United States. That has been
supposed to beamatterof some consequence, and
I have been trying for a month to get this joint
resolution up. I have not the slightest objection
to the Senator's bill.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will permit it
to be taken up now I shall not interfere with him
again.
Mr. HALE. I gave way to the Senator the
other day.
Mr. CONNESS. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire I will move to take
up Senate bill No. 109. It is of the importance
that the Senator from Iowa has described. I have
tried for weeks to getaction upon it. It has been
lying on our table for over two months. It has
been twice reported favorably from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and I ask to have it consid-
ered now, if the Senator from New Hampshire
will consent. I will not throw myself in the Sen-
ator's way again.
Mr. HALE. I will consent; but perhaps I may
call upon the Senator sometime to give me a cer-
tificate that I am not opposed to the Administra-
tion by yielding on this occasion. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire withdraw his motion?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I move to take up Sen-
ate billNo. 109, to expedite thesettlementof titles
to lands in the State of California.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill, the pending
question being on concurring in the amendment,
in the nature of a substitute, made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and
CONTRACTORS JOB DODBLE-ENDERS.
Mr. HALE. I now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 50.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope that motion will
not prevail. Yesterday there was pending a
joint resolution for the relief of the State of
Wisconsin; the discussion upon it proceeded for
a considerable time; the morning hour expired
while the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer]
was in the middle of his argument, and I think
there is a propriety and right that that resolution
should be completed before we take up a new
matter in the morning hour. We can never com-
plete any business satisfactorily if a debate is al-
lowed to go on on one subject for a time and a
speech is stopped in the middle, and then we
abandon that and go on with other legislation for
a week. We forget what has been said before,
and the whole debate has to be gone over again.
I now appeal to the Senator to let us finish the
resolution that we had up yesterday. It has
been discussed three or four times and it ought
to be finished; especially the Senator from Ver-
mont ought to be aflowed to finish his speech.
Mr. HALE. . I can only say that every word
the Senator says about that resolution is true of
this resolution, only that this is older than that;
its consideration was broken olf by an interrup-
tion longer ago than the Wisconsin case. I must
insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 50) for the relief of the
contractors foi1 the machinery of the side-wheel
gunboats known as " double-enders."
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out all of the
resolution after the word "that," where it first
occurs, and to insert what I send to the Chair as
a substitute:
All claims based upon or arising from the contracts of per-
sons who contracted with the United States Government
for the machinery and engines of the side-wheel gunboats
.commonly known as "double-enders" be,and the same are
hereby, referred to the Court of Claims for examination and
adjudication.
The resolution under consideration provides
for the creation of a commission to be selected by
the Secretary of the Navy to whom shall be re-
ferred the claims, or alleged claims, of certain per-
sons who have constructed machinery for twenty-
eight side-wheel gunboats commonly known in
the Navy as " double enders." Itthen proceeds
to direct that after a report shall be made by these
three commissioners and approved by the Secre-
tary of the Navy, whatever amount shall thus be
found, in the estimation of those commissioners,
to be due, shall be paid out of the Treasury to
these respective parties. What I propose is, in-
stead of committing; the investigation of this sub-
ject to three commissioners, who have no power
to send for persons or papers, or to examine wit-
nesses, and are in no way responsible to us, and
who are not passed upon and approved by us in
executive session, that the whole matter shall be
referred to the Court of Claims who hav€ the
proper machinery for investigating a subject of
this kind, and then when they-report we shall
have some tangible facts before us upon which
to predicate our action instead of putting the whole
Treasury of the United States into the keeping of
three commissioners who may be appointed by
the Secretary of the Navy.
I will say furthermore that I understand this
is only the opening or entering wedge to further
claims on the part of other contractors. This is
to be followed by the contractors for the hulls of
vessels, for the hulls and machinery of other
classes of vessels; and if this shall be successful,
as perhaps it may be, and I am not now going
to say it ought not to be, we shall have the same
rule applied not alone to the Navy but to the
Army, and to every branch of the public service.
Mr. HALE. Mf the Senate had listened to the
report of the committee which was read, which
I hardly think they did—I do not believe it was
heard by a single member—they would see the
ground on which this claim rests.
I may be permitted to say at the outset that so
far as I am concerned I am not acquainted with
a single one of these gentlemen, except as they
made themselves acquainted with me in prose-
cuting this matter before the Committee on Naval
Affairs. When the subject was under consider-
ation before, the Senator from Iowa asked if the
committee had consulted with the Secretary of
the Navy upon it. I replied thatwehad, and we
had his answer, but I had it not in my desk at
the time, and for that reason it was postponed,
The claim that these petitioners make is this:
certain propositions for the construction of the
machinery of these double-enders were issued by
the Government; certain representations were
made to them, and they accepted them verbally,
and they went on and made large expenditures
before the contracts were submitted to them in
writing; I do not remember how many months;
but at any rate they had gone so far on the verbal
statement that it would have been ruinous to them
to withdraw at the time the contracts were made.
The contracts then were made, so far as the De
partment make anv contracts; that is, they do not
sign them themseives, but send them out to the
party, and he signs them and returns them, and
they are put on file. The contractors contend
that when the contracts were Kent to them they
were entirely different in their character and re-
quirements from what they understood when they
entered, into the contracts. The Secretary of the
Navy, in answer to tht application mads by the
committee, looks very hard against these claim-
ants. As I have the letter i will read it, and also
call attention to another letter of his in relation*#
the allegation of the petitioners on the same sub-
ject. Here is the letter of the Secretary:
Navy Department, <Afril 27,1864*
Sm: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 16th instant, inclosing the petitions of con-
tractors for the machinery and hulls of the double-end gun-"
boats, praying an additional allowance upon their contracts,
and asking whether, in the opinion of the Department,
these claims justly require legislative action, and request-
ing me to communicate to the Senate Committee on Naval
Affairs such fagts and suggestions upon the subject of the
memorials as may seem to me proper.
The contracts in question were made under a public ad-
vertisement fully expressing all the requirements; and all
the offers under this advertisement will be found on page
of the documents accompanying the Presidents message
of December, 1862. From that exhibit it will be seen that
the Department accepted the offer made by re*ponsiblu
^hip-builders who were well acquainted with such mat-
ters. Some of the offers were at most exojbitant rates ;
and the average price, to which the petitioners refer i* no
guide as to the value, it happening that the lowest bukler*
were parties of great experience and known reputation*
The contract for the hulls expressly stipulates that when
the vessel is fully completed and readyfor the machinery)
the final payment shall be made, reserving only asmucluw
may be actually necessary to finish the vessel j and tlws con-
tractors were released from all responsibility and charge of
every kind after such delivery of the vessel. Notwith-
standing the statement in their petition, they wfere not sub-
ject toany expense of Insurance or for preservative repairs.
The amount retained from them was $5,0Qu only.
The hulls were all completed within the time specified
in the contract and none of them were liable from delay,.
Whatever rise there may have been in materials or labor
took place within the time contemplated by them for the
execution of the work. All these parties voluntarily ac-
cepted the offer of the Department and applications were
made for contracts on the same terms by other parties niter
the Department had agreed for all the vessels it wanted.
The parties knew the vessels were to be completed in
every respect for naval service, and their conuact stated,
as they say it does, that there were to be no extra bill* on
that account.
With regard to the steam machinery of these v«*se!n, it
is of a well-known type, and many of the petitioner* had
already constructed similar machinery for the Department.
The specifications were so complete and the lorm of ma-
chinery so well known that it is believed the buildcja hi
this case, as they did in that just referred to, could without
difficulty have made theirown drawings. Unwell under-
stood that the estimate of cost is always made from the
specifications. The advertisement was very full and the
Department has exacted no more than what was exploded
in it and the specifications. A considerable number of
these engine contracts were taken after the woik had been
commenced by other parries.
The puce and time offered by the Department were thoai*
of the lowest hid o  the advertisement, by a large and ex-
perienced builder who is one of the petitioners*. Th<;
terms were voluntarily accepted by the otlieis and the time
of completion has been greatly exceeded by all. It was
fully understood by all these contractors ilmt the Depart-
ment wished the vessels at the vory earliest day, and upon
their agreement as to time the contracts for the h«JN were
made upon which their builders claim, on that account, to
have suffered low?.
The Department makes and sanctions no contract with
the understanding that its conditions arc not to be com-
plied with, and it always furnishes the fullest infoimatiou
as to the quantity and quality of its woik,andth«  pi'tumn-
ers have on these points only expressed their own views
and wishes.
These contracts were made with care and deliberation
for .the tiue interest of the Government, arid only reada-
ble offer* of experienced persons well known and compe-
tent to do such work were accepted. The Department
has not increased the cost of this wojk by any action of iu
own, and if by any causes beyond its control these con-
tractors have, as they state., sufieied a loss, it is 101 Con-
gress to exercise such liberality as in it^ wisdom it m:iy see
propei. This Department has no funds and ha* made
estimate to supply any such cost as this exercise of liberality
will occasion, and it is unwilling to assume the position of
encouraging additional expenditures after having taken all
proper nieaus to obtain the work on the best terms tor the
public interest.
I am, sir, very respectfully, &c.,
' ' * F GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary oj the Navy.
Hon. John P. Hale, Chairman Committee onNavulj-ljfaiis,
United States Senate.
When this letter was sent to the committee it
was submitted to these contractors. The con-
tractors alleged that they had written evidence
fiom the Secretary himself that he'had forgotten
some of the particulars, I hold in my hand a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy, or rather
from B. F. Isherwood, chief of the Bureau of En-
gineering, dated September 12,1862, and directed
to one of the firm of Boardman, Holbrook & Co.,
of the Neptune Works, New York. Mr. Isher-
wood says:
Navy Department,
Bureau op Steam Rxoineerino,
September 12, 18&5.
Gentlemen : Your letter of the 11th instant has been «e-
