1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
claimant tor exemption from draft shall not be entitled to
any fees or compensation therefor. And any agent or at-
torney who shall, directly or indirectly, demand or receive
any greater compensation for his services under this act;
and any physician or surgeon who shall, directly or indi-
rectly, demand or receive any compensation for furnishing
said certificates of disability; and any officer, clerk, or
deputy connccted with the board of enrollment who shall
reccive compensation from any drafted man for any ser-
vices, or obtaining the performance of such service required
from any member of said hoard by the provisions of this act,
shall he deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor, and, upon
conviction, shall, for every such offense, be fined not ex-
ceeding $500, to be recovered upon information or indict-
ment before any court ofcompetent jurisdiction in an action
of debt, one half for the use of any informer who may pros-
ecute for the same in the name of the United States, and
the other half for the use of the United States, and shall
also be subject to imprisonment for a term not exceeding
one year, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 25. Andhcitfurther enacted, That no member of the
hoard of enrollment, and no surgeon detailed or employed
to assist the board of enrollment, and no clerk, assistant,
or employe of any provost marshal or board of enrollment,
shall, directly or indirectly, be engaged in procuring or at-
tempting to procure substitutes for peisons drafted, or liable
to be drafted, into the military service of the United States.
And if any member of a board of enrollment, or any such
surgeon, clerk, assistant, or employ^, shall procurc, or at-
tempt to procurc, a substitute for any person drafted, or
liable to be drafted, as aforesaid, he shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and shall,upon conviction, be punished
by imprisonment not less than thirty days nor more than
six months, and pay a fine not less than $100 nor more than
$1,000, by any court having competent jurisdiction.
Sac. 26. And he it further enacted, That all able-bodied
male persons of African descent, between theages of twenty
and forty-five years, whether citizens or not, resident in the
United States, shall be eniolled accouhng to the provisions
of this act, and of the act to which this is an amendment,
and form pait of the national forces; and when a slave of
a loyal master shall be drafted and mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States hid master shall have a certificate
thereof; and the bounty of $100, now payable by law for
each drafted man, shall be paid to the person to whom such
drafted person owes service or labor at the time of his mus-
ter into the service of the UnitedStates,onfreeuigthe per-
son. The Secretary of War shall appoint a commissioner
in each of the slave States represented in Congress, charged
to award to each person to whom the eolored volunteer may
owe service a just compensation not exceeding $'300 lor
each such colored volunteer, payable out of the commuta-
tion money, upon the master freeing the slave. And in all
ra^es where men of color have been heretofore enlisted in
the military service of the United States all the provisions
of tins act, so far as the paymentof bounty and compensa-
tion ate piovidc-d, shall be equally applicable, as well as to
thove who may be heteaftcr recruited.
Sec. 27, Jlnd be it further enacted, That the nineteenth
and twentieth sections of the act entitled uAn act for en-
rolling and calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes," approved on the 3d day ot March, 1863, and also
so much of said act as may be inconsistent with the pro-
visions of this acr, are hereby repealed.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yuas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. PENDLETON. Is not the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
pending?
Mr. STEVENS. It is in the precise words in
the substitute.
The substitute was concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, JSaily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beanian, Jacob H.
Blair, Boutvvell, Iloyd, Bramlegee. tlioomall, William G.
Blown, Cobb, Cole, Creswell, Henry Winter Dim*, Thomas
T. Davis, Dawes, Doming, Dixon, Driggs, Eekley, Eliot,
Farnswouh, Fiank, Garfield, Goocli, Grinnell, Gitswold,
Hale, Iligby, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Asaliel W. Hubbard,
[otm H. Hubbard. Ilulburil. Hutehms, Jciickcf, Julian,
Kasson, Kclley, Francis \Y. Kellogg Orlando kd ogg,
Euan, Longyear, Marvin, McAllister, MeBri.le Mctlnrg,
Melmloe. Samuel F. Miller, llooihead, Morrill, Daniel
Morris, Amos Myers. Leonard Myers, Norton, Odcli,
Cimrlia. O'Neill, Ortli, Perh.ini, Pike, Pomeroy, William
H Randall. Alexander II. ltiee, John II. Rice, Eiiward 11.
Ilollins, Sehenck, Scoficld, Shannon, Sloan. Smith, Smith-
ers, Spaldina, Starr, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, rraey,
Udmiii, Vail Valkenljurgh, EUlm 1!. Wasbburue, William
B. Washburn. Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, Williams, W ll-
der, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbudae—9"}.
NAYS—Messrs James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
eona, Augustus C. Baldwin, liliss, Biouks, James ts.
Brown, Chunler, Coffioth. Cox, Ciavens, Dawson, Deimi-
son, Eden, Etkeiton. Eldridge, Finck. Gannon, Guder,
Harris, Ileruek,
During the vote, j! neclion with the Union Pacific railroad at or near
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, stated thathis ji Fort Riley in that State; which were referred to
colleague, Mr. Lovejoy, was detained from the the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
House by illness, and that if present he would
have voted in favor of thebill; also, that Mr. Fen-
ton had paired with Mr. Perky; that Mr. Fen-
ton would have voted for and Mr. Perry against
the bill.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Stebbins, was absent on account
of sickness.
Mr. CHANLER made the same statement in
reference to his colleague, Mr. Ward.
Mr.BALDWIN.ofMassachusetts, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Ames, was paired with Mr.
Pruyn; that his colleague would have voted for
and Mr. Pruyn against the bill.
Mr. FRANK stated that his colleague, Mr. A.
W. Clark, was paired with Mr. Steele, of New
Jersey.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN SERVICE IN NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior rec-
ommending an appropriation asked for by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs for the Indian
service in New Mexico; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCHENCK, (at
five minutes to six o'clock, p. in.,) the House
adjourned.
be printed.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas in favor of a grant of land
to aid in the construction of a railroad from W yan-
dotte to connect with a railroad from the city of
Leavenworth via Lawrence and Ohio -City, cross-
ing the Osage river in the direction of Galveistoii
Bay in Teyas; which were referred to-the Com-
mittee on PublicLands, and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to state that it has also received duplicate eopie&
of the same papers that have been presented by
the Senators from Kansas. Having been so pre-
sented, the Chair does not deem it necessary to
present the duplicates.
Mr. CONNESS presented resolutions of the
Legislature of California in favor of a reduction
in the present schedule time for the transportation
of the mails between Atchison, Kansas, and Fol-
som, California; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Co-
loma, California, praying for the establishment
of a post route from Folsom City to Coloma-, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the Cham-
■ber of Commerce of the city of Milwaukee, pray-
ing for the construction of a wagon road to Idaho
Territory through Minnesota and Dakota; and
that such military protection be given as will af-
ford safety to emigration and quick and secure
transit of merchandise and the precious metals;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers of the heirs
of Jean Hudry, praying for reimbursement of moneys ad-
vanced and expended in 1814-15 by said Hudry for the
United States, be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 13, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- |
ate a report of the Secretary of War communi- j
eating, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of j
the 7thof January, a statementshowing the num- !
ber of each grade of officers belonging to the regu- j
lar and volunteer service m the Army of the
United States, now stationed in and around Wash- I    =WJ  .
ington and drawing commutation for quarters and ,i amount of his salary from the 1st of July, 1863, until the
fuel, or commutation for either quarters or fuel; I1 — ' —   ,h*7,hnl 18&}-
which was referred to the Committee on Military 1
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
J. W. JENNINGS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to: •
Resolved, That the Committee on the Contingent Expen-
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the i
Senate a communication from the Secictary of J
the Interior, transmitting a letter of the Commis- j
sioner of Indian Affairs and accompanying pa- j
pers, representing the necessity existing for an
appropriation to meet the expenses of the Indian I
service in New Mexico for the remainder of the i
current fiscal year, and recommending that an
appropriation be made for the objects contem-
plated; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE. I have received a letter from
First Lieutenant Stephen S. Balk, of the sixth
regular cavalry, stating that he was a rcciuiting !•
officer, and that he had in his possession some six i
hundred dollars in money belonging to the Gov- i
ernmcnt; that his house was robbed of his pri- ,
vate funds and those belonging to the United i
States; and he prays that he may be it-leased from
the payment of the amount belonging to the Gov- i
ernment. I move its reference to the Committee ;
on Claims. j
It was so referred. . j
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented a resolution j
of the Legislature of Kansas in favor of a grant j
of land for the construction of a railroad and tel- j
egraph line from the eastern line of said Slate via |
  „ . _ . , Paola and Empoua.to intersect the Atchison, j
Hall, Harding, Jiauington, Benjamin G. Uarris, iieruok, j, , d Santa Fe railroad: which was re- I
I ferred to the Comm.ttee on Public Lands, and j
   - -I — ordered to be printed. .
I-Ie also presented resolutions of the Legisla- :
ture of the State of Kansas in favor of a grant of J
lands to the State of Kansas, so as to extend ihe
Mclvintiev, William II Miller. James K. Morns, Morrison.
Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Radford, Samuel
J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, Ross, Scott, John B. Steele,
Stiles, Stiouse, Stuart. Sweat, Voorliecs, Wadsworth,
Joseph W. White, Wmfield, and Fernando Wood—60.
.So the bill war passed.
Neosho valley road northwestwardly to a con-
sesof the Senate bedliected to Inquire into the propriety of
paying J. W. Jennings,, late Postmaster of the Senate, the
amount of lus salary from the 1st of July, 1863, until the
meeting of the piesent Congress, the 7th ot December, looo.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
114) to amend section five of an actentitled "An
act to continue, alter, and amend the charter of
the city of Washington,"approvcdMay 17,1848,
and further to preserve the purity of elections
and guard against the abuse of the' elective fran-
chise by a registration of clectois for the city of
Washington in the District of Columbia; which
was lead twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee 011 the District of Columbia.
THANKS TO GENERAL W. T. SHERMAN.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 30) tend-
ci mg the thanks of Congress to Major General W.
T. Sherman, have directed me to report it back
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it pass. They also direct me to ask for its
present consideration. _
1 There being no objection, the Senate.asin Com-
' mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
: joint resolution. It declares that the tlmnks of
"Congress and of the people of the United States
are due and are tendered to Major General W. T.
Sherman, commander of the department and army
of the Tennessee, and the officers and soldiers who
served under him, for their gallant and arduous
services in marching to the lelief of the army of
the Cumberland, and for their gallantry and he-
roism in the battle of Chattanooga, which con-
tributed in a great degree to the succcss of our
arms in that glorious victory.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
