1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Com*.... 1st Sess.
The Jacobins of Missouri and Maryland—Mr. Blair.
So, of Heps.
the freed people of such State which shall recog-
nize and declare their permanent freedom, provide
for their education, and which may yet be consist-
ent us a temporary arrangement with their present
condition as a laboiing, landless, and homeless
class."
I desire at this point to make some observa-
tions? upon the action of the recent convention held
in Baltimore, and from the proceedings of which
the gentleman from Maryland gave us an extract.
After nominating Mr. Lincoln for reelection to
the Presidency, and instructing its delegates to
vote for him "first, last, and all the time," the
convention passed this singular resolution, which
the gentleman read to this House. This resolu-
tion was all the comfort the gentleman could ex-
tract from the proceedings of that body, and it
remains to be seen whether that will prove a sub-
stantial comfort or not:
uResolved,That this convention is In favorofthe entire
and immediate abolition of slavery in tins State and mthc
States in rebellion, and is opposed to any reotganizauon of
State governments in thfKC. States winch do nor reeognize
the immediate and final abolishment of slavciy as a con-
dition precedent. That this convention express their sym-
pathy with the radical emancipationists m Mit&out i, and in
Arkansas, Tennessee, and Louisiana, and regiet that in-
fluences in the Cabinet have, in Maryland and those State4*,
depressed the effoits of die tadical hiends ot the Adminis-
tration and of emancipation, and given prominence to those
who aie unwilling advocates of emancipation,"
Here is a convention nominating Mr. Lincoln
and tying its delegation up to voteforhim so tight
that it is impossible to cheat in that, and then
turning around and extending the right hand
of fellowship and expressing sympathy for the
Missouii radicals, who cannot find epithets vde
enough to apply to him. All the radical members
fi om Missouri in this House and the other branch
of Congress are deadly hostile to the President, yet
they have the sympathyof the Baltimore conven-
tion which nominated Mr. Lincoln. The radical
members of the Missouri Legislature—the party
associates of the members on this floor now cola-
borers with the gentleman from Maryland—voted
against Mr. Lincoln's renomination, and against
the lesolution apptoving his administration, yet
they all havethe sympathy of the Maryland con-
vention which instructed its delegates to vote for
Lincoln " first, last, and alt the time." The radical
members from Missouri to theconvcntionof Jaco-
bins at Louisville ali voted to nominate an inde-
pendent candidate againstLincoln. How delighted
they will all feel when they find that they have the
" sympathy " of the Maryland convention which
has indorsed President Lincoln and made him
their candidate! Every radical newspaper in Mis-
souii is unsparing in its denunciation of Lincoln,
and most of them are pledged to oppose his ejec-
tion, even if he is nominated by the national
convention of the Union. How pleasing the in-
formation will be to them that they have the sym-
pathy of the Maryland convention which nomin-
ated Lincoln and handcuffed its delegates to pre-
vent thalr cheating him!
I am afraid the Missouri radicals will not be
able to see the point of this joke without some
explanation, and as the gentleman from Mary-
land did not see fit to go into the matter I shall
undertake the task myself. The late Baltimore
convention nominated Mr. Lincoln because they
could not help themselves. They were compelled
to it by the oveiwhelming public opinion of the
State. Theie are ceitain daik-lantein associa-
tions still existing in Maryland by which bogus
delegates were sent from three counties, and they
were fraudulently allowed to letain Keats to the
exclusion of the rightful delegates. Hut even this
convention did not dare to outrage the sentiment
of the people so far as to vote against Lincoln;
but fhoy sought, while thus putting the left arm
about his neck, saying," How artthou, my broth-
er?" to stab him under the fifth rib. They tned,
thetcfore, while nominating Lincoln, to put for-
ward delegates who are expected to act as certain
Democratic delegations did to Van Buren in 1844.
They went to the convention instiucted to vo;e
for him, but bcttayed their tiust. 1 have heard,
but don't know certainly whether the fact is so
oi not, that one of these delegates, appointed with
instructions to vote for Lincoln 44first, last, and
ail the time," being one of Mr. Chase's office-
holders, has already declared his intention not to
vote for Lincoln, but for whom he pie;,sun. And
NEW SERIES—XO. 4.
smee these gentlemen have chosen to go out of
their way to make war on the real Union men of
my State and express their sympathy for the
Jacobins in Missouri, I do not consider it inap-
piopriateto show up theirdouble-dealing. They
sought in every way to escape these binding in-
structions and send their delegates untrammeled.
Mr. Sterling, a great friend, I understand, of the
distinguished gentleman from Maryland, [M{r.
Davis,] stated that he did not want any instruc-
tions, because that would prevent Maryland from
having any influence in regard to the candidate
for Vice President. In other words, it would
prevent the delegation from trading off the Presi-
dency to obtain the candidate for Vice President
from "my Maryland."
The resolution winds up with regrets that in-
fluences in the Cabinet have depressed the efforts
of the radical friends of the Administration " and
given prominence to those who are the unwilling ad-
vocates of emancipation." Who are theseunwill-
ingadvocatesofemancipation ? Was heanunwill-
ing advocate of emancipation who first unfurled
that banner m Missouri on the Buffalo platform
in 1848 in defiance of the pro-slavery sentiment
of his State and in opposition to the viewsofhis
great fiiend, Colonel Benton, and who has main-
tained it ever since? Is he an unwilling advocate
of emancipation who presided at the Pittsburg
convention which formed the Republican party?
Or is that man an "unwilling advocate" who
voted against Banks for Speaker; who voted
against Sherman for Speaker; who voted against
Lincoln and for John licit, always a trimmer and
at last a traitoi; and who, not two years ago, de-
nounced the Administration and its anti-slavery
policy in speeches delivered in Brooklyn and Balti-
more? Let any honest man answer.
As I said in the outset of my remarks, this
whole business in Missouri and Maryland, in the
form and shape in which it has made its appear-
ance in these Halls, has been concocted for the
purpose of defeating the renomination of Mr.
Lincoln. Dpes any sane man suppose that those
seventy-odd gentlemen came all the way from
Missouri as a grand committee of radicals to ask
for the removal of Schofield, and with no higher
game in view? Would they have gone to call
on Mr. Chase in a body to express to him their
thanks for the help and sympathy he gave them,
and to toast him as their candidate for the Presi-
dency unless thoy desired to notify the whole
country that they were suffering a great grievance
from the President, and that they looked to the
Secietary for succor?. Does anybody suppose
that this grand protect would have been gotten up
against Schofield Js confirmation after an agree-
ment to let the thing drop, and that my friends
from Iowa would have been prevailed upon, by
misrepresentations, to append their names to such
a statement? Can it be supposed that such pains
would have been taken to draw them into this
trap merely for the purpose of procuring the re-
moval of Schofield?
Mr. GRINNELL. I wi&h to say to the gen-
tleman from Mi.v*ouii,as one of the iowadelega-
tion which signed that lepreseniation m behalf of
our Statr>, that tho voters of my district, many of
them, les-do on the borders of Missouri,and are
competent to judge of the cond ttion of affairs over
the border, and that i signed that paper in perfect
good faith.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouii. I have no doubtof
that.
Mr. GRINNELL. We believed that one county
in my dit>tncf was in great dangt r, as there had
been fnqiunt i.uds into the southern portion of
Iowa. 1 did not fe'gn thus paper wiih any inten-
tion of taking part mrninst President Lincoln or
Postma.stci General Blair, nor for the purpose of
affecting the political k Unions of the State of Mis-
souri. "i spoke of what 1 knew, and with good
i intentions.
Mr. WILSON. Will the gentleman yield to
me one moment?
Mi. BLAIR, of Missouri. Let me first say a
word in reply to the gentleman's colleague. 1
did not intend to say anything, nor do I mean to
be understood as saying anything to indicate that
that gentleman orany pari of the iowa delegation
were privy to thf design foi which the protest
wa.-i gotten up. I say they weie intrapped into
it. That is my opinion about it, and whatever
the gentleman may think about the condition, of
affairs in Missouri, I think he is very much mis-
taken aboutit, and the facts sincehave shown that
he was mistaken. I did not intend to say "that
he was privy to the designs of the men engaged
in this business,>vhich designs, ^re shown by the
utter want of foundation in fact for the statements
they made, (I mean the protest, not the statement
of the Iowa delegation,) and by their criticism of
military affairs which they were wholly incom-
petent to criticise, by the manner in which that
protest was produced in the Senate—a memorial
against the confirmation of a general officer read
in open session, and not in executive .session
where such confirmations are only considered—
everything connected with it shows that the de-
sign was to attack the President who had denied
the validity of the charges against Schofield. I
now yield to the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know but the gen-
tleman from Missouri has a perfect right to speak
for the President of the United States in all mat-
ters; still I do not know that he has, and I may
say that I do not believe that he has that right.
When he speaks of the Iowa delegation being'
drawn into a trap in signing the paper to which
he has referred, 1 wish to tell him as one member
of the Iowa delegation that I fell into no trap. I
know what that paper was; 1 know what it con-
tained, and I know that it contained the truth.
That is all I have to say in reply to the gentleman.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not dispute
that the statement of the gentleman is in accord-
ance with his view of the matter; but I maintain
the statement I have made.
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish to say one word
more  
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I cannot yield if
these interruptions are to be taken from my time.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be taken from ihe
gentleman's time unless unanimous consent, be
obtained that it shall not be.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. We object if it is to be taken
from the time of the gentleman from Missouri.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the time occupied by interruptions will not be
taken from the hour to which the gentleman is
entitled under the rule.
There was no objection.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Iowa.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman from Missouii could not have been cog-
nizant of the facts to which I alluded. 1 am very
glad to bear evidence to the fact that the gentle-
man was at that time himself leading Iowa sol-
diers in battle; and I honor him for the position
he occupied at the time of these occurrences. But,
sir, I say there was a rebel correspondence be-
tween northern Missouri and the southern por-
tion of my district for a long time. I say that
these border men of Missouri, under the name of
Missouri State militia, didcomeover into my dis-
trict, and did there threaten loyal men. They
did steal horses and rob hen-roosts. 1 say these
northern Missouri men, under the name ofMis-
soui i State militia, did conspire with men in south-
ern Iowa to blow up the court-house in one of the
southwestern counties. They did come over fhere
and unite themselves with Knights of the Golden
Circle fo<* the puipose of resisting the draft and
preventing Union men from filling up the quota,
of lovva. I know these facts; and while 1 give
the gentleman from Missouri full credit for hij
valorand full creditfor his patriotism, still I must
say that he is not acquainted with these facts.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The mere fact that
a few marauders did cross the bolder and commit
depredations is no justification for the harsh meas-
ute resorted to against General Schofield. Jtwas
well understood that the attention of the com-
manding officer of that department was then di-
i ected to another quai ter, and that it was impos-
sible to spare troops to guard the long line between
the States of Missouri arid Iowa. Iowa n; m>
loyal a State, and so remote from the scene of
real hostility, that no officer would be justified in
placing troops to guaid its bolder ftom meie im-
aginary dangers, or to prevent horsc-stealmg and
hen-roost robbing. Do such facts, conceding the m
to be true, form any good ground for asking uic
