THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IB,
GEORGE HENRY PREBLE.
- Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate take up
for consideration the bill (S. No. 95) for the re-
lief of George Henry Preble, a commander in the
Navy of the .United States. It will take but a
moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
A second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury, in settling the accounts of
<£eorge Henry Preble, a commander in the Navy
of the United States, to allow him pay as a com-
srmnder from the 16th of July, 1862, in the same
way find manner as if the order discharging him
from the naval service had never been issued.
Mr. HALE. There ie a report accompanying
the bill, Which is very short. Let that be read,
and I shall have nothing more to say.
•The Secretary read the report of the Commit-
,tee on Naval Affairs, from which it appeared
that the petitioner alleges that being an officer
in the Navy on the 5th of August, 1862, he was
promoted, to his present rank, to date from the
16th day of the preceding July; that the Senate,
on the 21st of the then next February, confirmed
Him as such commander. He further alleges that
while he was on duty, on the 12th of October,
18.62, he received official notice by a letter from
the Navy .Department, dated September 20,1862,
that he was dismissed from the naval service; and
that he remained in that situation until he was,
on the 21st of February, 1863, confirmed as com-
mander by the Senate on a nomination of the
President .made on the 12th of the same month.
Under these circumstances, he prays that he may
be allowed payas commander afloat from the 16th
of July, 1862, to the 12th of October in the same
year,and of a commander waiting orders from
the latter date to the 21st of February, 1863, when
he was confirmed in his present office by the Sen-
ate. The facts alleged in the petition the com-
mittee find on reference to the official records of
the Government to be true. The nomination of
Commander Preble, made by the Presidenton the
12th of February, 1863, to lake rank from the
16th of July previous, the precise time from which
his former appointment was to dnte, and its sub-
sequent confirmation by the Senate on the21stof
the same month, in the opinion of the committee,
had the effect, and was manifestly intended to have
the cfiect, of putting him precisely where he would
have been if the order of the Navy Department
of September 20, 1862, discharging him from the
naval service, had never been issued, and must be
considered and taken to be a full revocation of
that ord<-r, and a condonation of any real or sup-
posed offense or delinquency on his part subse-
quent to the period from which his commission
was to entitle him to take rank. Under these cir-
cumstances, the committee were of opinion that
the prayer of the petitioner is just and reasonable,
and ought to be granted.
The bill was repotted to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and pushed.
PAY tH-' UOLOItKD TUOOL'S.
Mr. WILSON, i move to take up the jomt
resolution (S. No. 23) to equalize the nay of the
soldiers of the United States Army. 1 hope we
shall be able to dispose of it in a short time.
Mr. OOWE, That will leml to debate. Let
us get through with the business of the morning
hour.
Mr. WILSON. I have given way to the busi-
ness of the morning hour for three days, and I
will not do.it any longer. 1 insiston my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the joint resolution (S. No. 23) to equalize
the pay of soldiers in the United States Army; the
pending question being on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Confess in line nine after the woi d
" service,"Jo stiike out the words "dunng the
whole time in which they shall bo or slmlfhave
been in such service," and to insert, " ftom and
after the passage of this act;" so that the resolu-
tion will read:
That all persons of color who have boon or may be mus-
tered into the imliuiry service of the United Hiatus shall
receive the^nieuiiitbuii, clothing,arms,equipment;-, camp
equipage, ratiorH.incflieiil nn<1 hospital attendance, pay. and
emoluments, other than bounty, as other soldiers ot thete<r_ ;
uJar or \olunfeei loieea ot the'Umled States, ot like arm of
the suivice, liom and utter tiio parage ot this act; and that
every person of color who shall hereafter be mustered into
the service ehall leceive such sums in bounty as the Presi-
dent shall order in the different States and parts of the Uni-
ted States, not exceeding $10(/.
Mr, QpNNESS. Is there not another amend-
ment pending, offered-by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner?]
Mr. SUMNER. No. My amendment is at
this moment but a proposition to amend just so
soon as it may be in order. It is not in order to
offer,my amendment while the amendment ofthe
Senator is pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The pending question is on the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from California, and
that is now the question before the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. On that subject I have but
a few words now to say. I need not say that in
offering this amendment I was not governed by
any desire to do injustice to any portion of our
people who are engaged in the service of the Uni-
ted States or under the orders of the War Depart-
ment. I believe fully that every man employed
as a soldier, without reference to color, should be
paid the compensation that is provided by law
for his rank and position; but it occurred to me,
as there was a considerable difference of opinion,
owing to the question of whether we should pay
all the soldiers thus employed under other forms
of contract for the period of time during which
they were engaged in the service, that an amend-
ment of this kmd would meet the case and do
no injustice to any portion of the soldiers of the
country. I find, however, a considerable differ-
ence of opinion growing outof the amendmentthat
I have proposed. I find that to some extent there
has been an understanding with a portion of these
colored men that they should receive full com-
pensation, or that all efforts would he made to
procure it for them, and that their enlistment was
induced by those promises of full compensation.
Lest I should be the medium of injustice to any
of those men, I wish now, with the consent of
the Senate, to withdraw the amendment I offered,
as 1 am told that an amendment about to be pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] will cover the entire case. If it does I
shall support it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No action hav-
ing been taken on the amendment moved by the
Senator from California, it is competent for the
mover to withdraw the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. SUMNER. I now offeran amendment in
the nature ofa proviso, to come in at the end of the
bill:
Prowled, With regard ton II past services, it shall appear
to the f-ntislnotion ol tin* Hcrreiaiy of War that Mich persons
at the time of being miMeicd into the service ot the United
States weie led lo Mippose lhat in laet they weie enlMt d
under the act of OoiigH'-s approved July 1801, as vol-
unteers. in the army ot tins United States
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think that covers
the case. I think there weie a number of these men
—I know it was so in my State—who wt ie led to
suppose that they Would ha\ e the same pay as the
white so I die is as .soon as Congress ns.s<>mbled ; that
the manifest injustice of paying white soldiers one
price and colored soldiers another price would be
at once corrected. 1 do not. say that that statement
was made to them by the authority of the War
Department. They had not thatauthority; but the
statements weie made to them by those who in-
duced them to enhs t, and who, they had reason to
suppose, would be able to effect the reliefdesued.
I think wheie it shallappear that the persons who
enlisted them orthe Stuionuthoriiiesgavcthnm to
understand that they would have this additional
pay, they ought to have it. I do not think we
ou<rht to hold them to the strict letter of the law.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree with the Senatoren-
tirely.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think those who were
enlisted years ago for ten dollars a month and
never expected any more ought to have ten dol-
larsa month; but 1 think those who have enlisted j
since that time and were promised, whether by the \
War Department or by the State authorities, that i
they should have thirteen dollars a month ought j
to have thirteen dollars. That is a clear obligation i
it seems to me. i
Mr. SUMNER. Now, for instance, here are ;
eeilain facts that have come to my knowledge i
since this matter was under discussion the other
day. The day before yesterday I was called into
the lobby by two paymasters from Louisiana
who assured me that there were four colored regi-
ments there, excellent soldiers, who were enlisted
in pursuance of a handbill posted about the
streets, purporting to bear the signature of Gen-
eral UUman and offering thirteen dollars a month.
They assured me that when they came to pay
those soldiers and it appeared that the pay was
only ten dollars, the soldiers felt pained and mor-
tified,, and they complained of their treatment as
an outrage. The paymasters then paid them at
the rate of $6 50 a month and entered it in pencil
on their rolls, adding " on account." At the same
time they gave the soldiers to understand that
unquestionably at some future day they.wowld be
authorized to make a full payment of thirteen
dollars a month for their services as soldiers.
That is the case in Louisiana, and it seems a
very strong case.
But the case in Massachusetts is much stronger.
Since this subject was under discussion the other
day I have received from Governor Andrew a
copy of theenlistmentpapers—I have them here—
which were actually signed by the Massachusetts
fifty-fourth and fifty-fifth regiments, and also the
company papers that were signed by their officers.
The enlistment roll with the printed caption
signed by these soldiers of African descent is as
follows:
UNITED STATES VOLUNTEER ENLISTMENT LIST.
We the undersigned, by our signatures hereto annexed,
do seveially agioe to serve for a period of three years from
the date of oui being mustered into the United States ser-
vice, unless sooner discharged, as volunteeis from Massa-
chusetts in the force authorized by an act of Congress of
the United States, approved on the 29d day of July, A. D.
1861, entitled " An act to authorize the employment of vol-
unteers to aid ui enforcing the laws and protecting public
property," in accoidance with the provisions of &aidaet
and other acts in addition thereto.
Mr. ANTHONY. What was the date of that?
Mr. SUMNER. It was in themonth of March,
1803.
1 hold in my hand a printed duplicate of the
actual paper subscribed by these soldiers. It is
plain and positive. 1 am at a loss to see how
there can be any question with regard to it. I
submit also that the case in Louisiana is clear. I
understand also that the case of the soldiers of
African descent enlisted in South Carolina is
equally clear.. They also entered into the service
understanding that they should be paid thirteen
dollars a month under the actof 1861; and 1 think
the troops to which the Senator from Rhode
Island refers would fall in the same class.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will make
his amendment to include also all those who en-
listed after the date of the act of Maich, 1863, it
would cover the case. I think those enlisted after
that time, although they might not have signed
the same paper, and did not m fact, had the same
understnnding.
Mr. SUMNER. But let me remind the Sen-
ator that there have been large enlistments of col-
ored troops in Tennessee. Does the Senator
know on what terms?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not. 11is thiscase that
fiom thi' beginning has seemed to me to be the
only difficulty in the solution of this question.
Wo know nothing of the terms on which those
enlistments ill Tennessee were made. The Sen-
ator will remember tluil; they were made on a large
scale by the patriotic services ofGeneral Thomas,
the Adjutant General of the Army of the United
States. If they were actually at the rate of ten
dnllais a month I do not piopose oil any ground
of sentiment, by retroactive legislation, to burden
the Treasury with thiitccn dollars a month. 1
propose to tieat this question in a practical way,
and to try to cairy out the contract of the United
States—contract 1 call it—express or implied,
made by agents of the United States, iightfully
or wrongfully, but made under such circumstances
that, it seems to me, the honor of our country is
pledged.
Now, sir, I do not wish to trouble the Senate
further. The whole subject was considered am-
ply the other day, on grounds of sentiment and
on grounds of law. I content myself now with a
simple statement ofthe case, and the expression
ot an earnest hope that the Senate will adopt the
aniendmeiU without debate.
Ml. JOHNSON. Peihaps the Senator from
