THE 0ONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
the legal question between the gentleman and my-
self. We are searching after another fact which
my friend, 1 think, does not see; and it 4s because
lie sees the force of the argument that he tries to
parry it in this way.
We are searching after the fact whether this
man actually represents theloyal voters of his dis-
trict, and whether we can properly decide that the
votes received by him can be taken as the voice
of the loyal voters of the district the otherside of
the Federal lines. If we are able to decide that
question in the affirmative, if we have any evi-
dence on which we can act that Mr. Kitchen is
the choice of the loyal voters of that district, I am
with my friend from Kentucky in confirming his
right to a seat here. I am doing here, if I do what
I conceive to be my duty, all in my power to fix
in this House every man who represents the loyal
voters of the district he comes from. And I am
not to stick upon rorms,Iam not to be bound by
a conformity to the strict letter of the law in de-
ciding that question. If I can find that the loyal
voters of any district have spoken in such terms
as we can understand and rely upon in the elec-
tion of a Representative to this House, the Com-
mittee of Elections will go with theirdistinguished
colleague from Kentucky in confirming that man
in his seat here. And I think the committee will
never be found, whatever may be the form through
which tx man comes here, unless they can see be-
hind that form that he has behind him the fiee
and unrestrained choice of the voters of his dis-
trict exercised without fear and without restraint;
unless they can find that, I trust the Committee
of Elections and the House will never be found
so far departing from what I think is their duty
as to confirm any man to a seat upon any such
false pretense as that.
Tins point, Mr. Speaker, is so clear to my mind
that I wonder my friend from Kentucky should
be found here undertaking to insist upon this
man as a Representative of this district unless he
can point to some evidence showing that such
repiesentation is the voice of the electors.
Mr. SMITH. I dislike to interrupt the gen-
tleman so often, but I would like to ask him one
other question which I deem to be pertinent. I
ask him how ho has ascertained, whatevidencc he
has that there is beyond the Federal liws in that
disti ict a single loyal vote? I ask him if the only
evidence of the existence of loyal voters is not con-
fined to that portion of the district within our lines,
%vhere the people had the right to vote and did vote?
Mr. DAWES. The language of the report of
the committee in this case fully answers the ques-
tion of the gentleman. The cases are all new. No
one seems to be a pi ecodent for any other. Each
lias to be determined upon its own pcculiai facts,
and the truth is to be anived at as best we may.
Every case in some respects differs from any
other we have had before us. My friend from
Kentucky I think is mistaken in saying that this
district had a Representative in the last Congress.
It is true that a man came here with what was called
a certificate of election as Representative for that
district, svas sworn in, and occupied a seat here
for a portion of that Congress. Hut when the
Committee of Elections undertook to investigate
his case, it appeared that the whole evidence of the
right to a seat here, which he asserted upon the
floor, wus ten votes taken in a side poll out here
at Ball's Cross Roads. The committee leported
these facts to the House, and the House told this
gentleman most respectfully that he did not rep-
resent any constituency here, and that it was an
insult to the loyal citizens of that district for him
to remain longer in this House.
Now here is a case of a man who has had more
votes than his predecessor, and how does the
committee try to ascertain whether he is the Rep-
resentative of the loyal voters of his district ? We
tried to ascertain how many loyal voters there
weie in the distuet. We took the man's own
statement, we took the census returns, we took
every means within our reach of arriving at that
fact, if you take the tei ritory of the district you
will find that theie is a smaller portion of it within
the limits where tfiis election was held than within
the rebel lines. If you take the whole popula-
tion of tins district you will find that there is a
much lai^.'r portion withm the rebel lines than
within thf Union lines. If you take the number
of male citizens, the number of white persons in
this district, the number within the rebel lines and
the number within our lines, you will find that
the larger number of them is upon the other side.
Mr. SMITH. Let me interrupt the gentleman
for a moment.
Mr. DAWES. Wait until I get through with
this statement.
If you take the number of white male citizens
you find the same thing. When the claimant was
asked by the Committee of Elections why there
were not more votes cast, he answered that in the
other precincts, it was not safe for the voters to go
to the polls; that every one of them was marked
who undertook to exercise the right of franchise
at those polls. We asked him why the polls
were not open in the other counties, and he well
answered that they were within the rebel lines.
We asked him if there were any other places
where polls could have been safely opened, and
he answered that there were none.
Tiiat, Mr. Speaker, is the evidence upon which
wc base our report, and it seems to me to be evi-
dence entirely satisfactory that a majority of the
loyal voters of this district had no.opportunity to
say at the polls whether this man or another was
their choice.
Mr. SMITH. I hold in my hand the census
of the United States for 1860. It contains the
population of the United States by counties. I
have carefully examined it in reference to the
white and black population of Virginia in that
year. I find that in the counties of Alexandria,
Fairfax, Prince William, Jefferson, and Berkeley,
a majority of the counties composing the seventh
congressional distiict, there were 147,600 inhabit-
ants, white and black, and in the remaining coun-
ties, 81,895; and I have not made any deduction
for the probable number who wentinto the south-
ern confederacy. With this book, which is au-
thentic and to be found in the Congressional
Library, with these figures, which are tiue, the
conclusion is inevitable that a majority of the
people were in the counties that did vote, and
where the vote was untrumcled and fair in every
respect, if a majority of the people did not go
to the polls and cast their votes it was no fault of
those who did vote, or of this claimant. There-
fore I say that the argument of the chairman is
entirely unfairas to the population of the district.
Mr. DAWES. The mistake of my friend from
Kentucky is this: in the counties where the elec-
tion was held some precincts voted; m some coun-
ties only a single piecmct; and in other parts of
the counties it was as impossihe to hold an elec-
tion as it would have been in the city of Rich-
mond; and yet he has taken the aggregate popu-
lation of all of those counties whcie evenasmgle
piecinct voted. The gentleman will find on page
4 of the repoi t of the committee a statement drawn
from the census of I860 which settles this matter.
Mr. Speaker, I will not detain the House longer
on this subject. 1 desiicthem to understand it is
not whether Mr. Kitchen shall represent this dis-
trict; but it is settling a principle,not only in le-
gard to this district, but every other umepre-
sented district in that portion ot the Union which
has been in rebellion. Perhaps it is settling a
principle which goes beyond the right of repre-
sentation in this House. It may seriously affect
the election of other officers of more importance
perhaps than that of a Representative upon this
floor. It is a precedent to bind us how and by
what method a title to representation upon this
floor shall be established from all the other dis-
tricts in the United States. The effect of the ac-
tion of the House on this case will bo to some
extent an instruction to the committee. We de-
sire to know whether it is the will of the House
that the Committee of Elections shall search for
a constituency,free and untiamnieled,exercising
as well as it may in this abnormal condition of
things the right of elective franchise; or when a
man comes here with a mere form of paper,
without anything behind to sustain it, to ac-
knowledge his right to a seat upon this floor.
Mr. SMITH. Before the gentleman takes his
seat, let me ask him a question. In the State of
Virginia, at the same election, a Governor, Lieu-
tenant Governor, and Lcgislatuie weie elected.
Now, does the gentleman recognize Governor
Pierpont as the Governor of Virginia, and the
Legislature sitting in Alexandria as the Legisla-
ture of Virginia? Also, whether or not these
precincts and these counties did not vote at the
same time and in the same proportion for Gov-
ernor and representatives that they did for a mem-
ber of Congress?
Mr. DAWES. When I shall be made a con-
stitutional judge of the election of Mr. Pierpont
as Governor of Virginia, and shall have heard the
aigument of my learned friend from Kentucky
upon that subject, I shall endeavor to come to such
a conclusion upon it as will satisfy my own mind,
at least, if it does not his. But whether Mr. Pier-
pont be Governor of Virginia or not, or whether
the men who were voting at this electron were at
the same time voting for representatives to that
Legislature which is sitting or was lately sitting
in Alexandria is not the question. Somehow or
other the Constitution of the United States made
us sole judges, not of the election of Governors
or representatives to State Legislatures, but of the
election only of such peisons as claim the right
to seats in this House. Whether Governor Pier-
pont depended for his election upon votes cast in
this district alone, or whether there were other
districts from-which the enemy had been driven
and an election could be held and in which he re-
ceived votes, I of course cannot tell.
Mr. SMITH. I would inquire of the gentle-
man whether were he in the Senate of the United
States he would vote for the admission of a Sen-
ator elected by the Legislature of Virginia?
Mr. DAWES. I have never expected to be in
a position where I could be called upon to answer
the question propounded by the gentleman from
Kentucky. [Laughter.] I only want to say that
in the last Congress I tried, as far as I could, to
show the impolicy of the proceedings which re-
sulted in making two States over here across the
viver; but my learned friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] and other gentlemen, were deci-
dedly too much for me, and I failed to succeed in
my opposition; and 1 certainly shall not under-
take now, after that has been done, to show that
it has not been done. I shall not undertake after it
has been done, after it has received the sanction of
all branches of the Government, and after it has
been put in so forcible a light as it was put by
the distinguished Representative from Indiana,
[Mr. Colfax,] upon the floor of this House in
the discussion upon that occasion. I say 1 shall
not attempt now to show it has not been done,
nor will I refuse to accept it as it has been done.
I will not say that there are not two States there,
but 1 take the consequences of that legislation,
and accept it as the law, and treat Virginia as
I do any other State; and therefore I treat this
man's light here precisely as I would judge of
the right of a gentleman from Massachusetts to a
seat here, until we retrace the steps which we took
in the last Congress.
1 call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded,and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the motion to strike out the word " not" in the
following resolution reported^by the committee:
ResohcJ, That H. M. Kitchen is not entitled to a seat in
tins House as a Uepre-ujiUativo in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress from the seventh congressional district m Virginia,
Mr. SMJTH. I call for the yeas and nays on
that amendment, and upon the yeas and nays I
ask for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SMITH. 1 demand tellers upon theamend-
ment.
Tellers were not ordered.
Tho amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon the resolution,
Mr. SMITH demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The itsuiution was agieed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the lesolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I intended to call up the case
of Joseph Segar, claiming a seat here as a Rep-
resentative from the fhst congressional district
fiom Virginia, but as I do not see Mr. Segar pres-
ent I will not call it up now.
ENKOLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (ft. R. No. 228) confirming
the title of Joseph Ford to certain lands in Rice
