2654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
ceived in regard to the time of completion of the' machin-
ery of the two paddle-wheel steamers.
The Department, being fully aware of the difficulties un-
der which all contractors fortius spccies of work now labor,
authorizes me to inform you that it will not exact a vigor-
ous compliance with the strict terms of your contracts in
regard to time-ami forfeiture for delay; but in considera-
tion of this liberality on iupart will expect you to remit no
effort and to use all possible means to complete the con-
tracts tn the least time practicable.
The contiacts you refer to as having been returned un-
signed have not been received. When they arrive they
will be sent back to you.
I am, very respectfully ^-your obedient servant,
B. F. ISHERWOOD,,
Chief of Bureau.
Messrs. Boardhan. Holbrook &, Co., Neptune Works,
New York,
In that connection I do not know the fact, but
I will give the statement of the petitioners, that
when they received the contracts they sent them
back, saying it was impossible for them to pro-
ceed, and thereupon they received this answer
from the bureau, stating—
"The contracts yon refer to as having been returned un-
signed have not been received. When they arrive they
will be M'nt back to you."
As they allege, upon this showing-the contracts
were entered into,
Mr. President, these gentlemen—1 think there
are eighteen of them—comprise the great majority
of those who arc engaged in manufactures of this
kind; the Government must rely upon them; and
it is for the Senate to say whether it is necessary
to the public welfare or the public interest or the
public honor to deal too harshly with these gen-
tlemen. They contend, as is said by the Secre-
tary in his letter, that ninny of them had entcted
upon the work and proceeded far in it before the
contracts were furnished to them. What is the
proposition contained in this joint resolution ? It
is not to give these men anything, it is not to open
the Treasury to them, but it is to refer the matter
to the very Department that knows all about it,
for the?.provision of the revsolution is:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby, au
thorlzed to appoint a boaul of competent pew>nn to exam-
ine the claim of the eontiactors with the United States
Government for the inaolunoiy of the side-whet 1 gunboats
commonly known as u donhle-endeis" for additional com-
pensation tor enn^ttacting the same, and to report to the
.)epaitment what losses have been Mjflored by said eon-
tractors on their contracts, how fin thov ate justly entitled-
to relief, and what, il uny, additional allowances ought in
equity to be made to them by the Oovernineut; and that
upon the icpnrt of said board receiving the approval of the
Secretary of the Navy, the .^eereiary ot the Ttoasnry he,
and h j is hereby, authorized to pay |o *..Ud contractor-*,
severally, the sunns adjudged to be tiuc*tlieni in equity by
said boaidjoutof any money hi the Tteasury not other-
wise appioprintod • Provided, That Mirh additional com-
pensation shall in no erwe exceed an amount winch, com-
pared with the pi lee stipulated in the < otittaef, shall be In
due propouion to the excels n> weigh! of the engines built
over such as were eonti acted lot, except lor alteration* in
form ormirtetial made, by expic^soiderof thetiovermuent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fostkkin
the chair.) The morning hour having expired
it becomes the duty of the Chair to call up the
special order, which is the unfinished business of
yesterday.
Mr. HALE. I will ask the chairman of the
Committee on Kinanct—1 have done my speech
—if there is any objection to jetting us take a vote
on this lesolution.
Mr. PKSSENDEN. The Senator from Iowa
will probably have something to say about it.
Mr. GRIMES. I have considerable to say on
the subject. 1 am willing to say it now, though,
if this resolution is to be proceeded with.
Mr. FKSSENDIiN. I think we had better go
on with the tegular order of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order will be proceeded with, unh ss postponed by
special vote, and is now hefoie the Senate.
Mr. HALE I move lo postpone the specml
order for the purpose of considw mg this joint
resolution. I think it is a matter that ought to
be closed one way or the other.
Mr. CLARK, I will simply Hay that I hope
that matter wifl not be permitted to supersede the
tax bill. It is of great importance to dispose of
it as early^as possible. We ai e now losing money
that the Governmentought to have, and f am not
aware that those parties arc losing anything upon
that bill.
The motion was not agreed to,
1N T EIIN A L ItE V E NU15.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (II. R. No.
405) to provide internal revenue to support the
B
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes, the pending question be-
ing on the amendment of Mr. Chandler to strike
out "twenty-five" and insert "twenty" m the
seventh line of the amendment proposed by Mr.
Clark from the Committee on Finance, which
was in section ninety-three to strike outfrom lines
fc>ui* hundred and forty-six to four hundred and
fifty-two, inclusive, in the following words:
On tobacco, cavendish, pint*, twist, and manufactured
tobacco not otherwise provided for, of all descriptions,
(not including snuff, cigars, fine-cut, smoking tobacco
made exclusively of steins and not sweetened or otherwise
prepared, nor shorts or other refuse separated fiom fine-
cut tobacco in the process of manufacturing,) and on
stemmed tobacco, thirty-five cents per pound.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
On cavendish, plug, twist, and all other kinds of manu-
factured tobacco not herein provided for. from which the
stem has been taken in whole or In part, or which is
sweetened, thirty-five cent* per pound. On smoking to-
bacco, manufactured with all the stein in, the leaf not
having been butted or stripped from the stem, anil on ref-
use tobacco known as fine cut shorts, twenty-five cents
per pound.
Mr. CLARK. I simply desire to say a Word or
two more in regard to this matter. The Senator
from Michigan proposes to strike out the tax of
twenty-five'eentsupon the highest grade ofsmok-
ing tobacco and to insert twenty, and he thinks
that by that course we shall get more revenue.
Now, I desire to state that when we lose revenue
by imposing a rate of taxation, we always lose
the revenue from the lowestgrades. For instance,
we impose a heavy tax upon whisky. That
heavy tax upon whisky does not affect the finer
kinds of whisky, nor does it affect the drinking
of that kind of whisky by the people who pay
large prices for their whisky; but I am told it does
affect the lower grades of whisky; that the people
who would ordinarily drink the cheap kind drink
beer and other drinks instead. It is piecisoly so
in regard to this article of smoking tobacco, in my
judgment. We have divided it into two grades,
the higher and the lower, one at twenty-five cents
and the other at fifteen. If' by the imposition of
the tax there is any falling off m the use of to-
bacco, it will be m the lower grade. People will
get the leaf and nmuufactuie it into smoking to-
bacco and use it instead of paying the smaller
tax; but the gentlemen who use the better kind of
tobacco will not object to paying the tax, and
therefore we should retain this tax upon the
higher g!ado.
Mr. {'HANDLER. The Senator still seems
to be acting under the idea that theie is a consid-
erable amount of this high-priced tobacco which
is cut. Since making my few observations last
evening I iiave talked with several persons, and
they tell me there is absolutely none of the high
guide of tobacco cut. The difference in the cost
of this article upon which you !?vy a tax of fif-
teen cents and the ordinary kind of tobacco which
is cut for smoking purposes is only two cents a
pound.
Now, sir, if a tax of half a dollar a pound
would yield a larger revenue than a tax of fifteen
cents or twenty cents, I would go for a tax of half
a dollar; but this matter of cut tobacco for smok-
ing purposes, as 1 said before, has no science
in it.
Any man who smokes can buy his leaf of to-
bacco and cut it with a jack-knife and make just
as good smoking tobacco as any cutter in the
United States; and they will do it. People will
laise m their gardens their little plots of tobacco,
and your revenue will actually be depleted by
putting on the high duty that you now propose.
The misapprehension on the part of the Senator,
in my judgment, is in regaid to the fact thai this
high grade is cut at all.
Jn England and France, as is well known, they
put an absolute prohibition upon the product of
tobacco. They do not allow a tobacco seed to
he nlnnfpd in their country. In this country you
find tobacco grown all over the country. Inevery
State in the Union there is more or loss tobacco
grown; and each man will grow and cut his own
tobacco if you put a prohibitory tariff upon it.
I honestly believe that fifteen cents per pound
would yield a larger revenue on cut smoking to-
bacco to the Government than thirty-five cents.
I believe it would yield three times as much as a
tax of thirty-five ccnts. But, sir, omthe sugges-
tion of the Senator from Maryland [Mr. John-
son] I gave up the proposition of fifteen cents and
substituted twenty cents, and I hope thatamend-
ment will be adopted. I think it ought to be
adopted. I believe it to be for the interest of the
Treasury that it should be adopted.
Mr. CLARK. As the Senator from Michigan
states that he has consulted with individuals since
he moved his amendment, I desire to state that
this matter was thoroughly examined by the
Committee on Financeuponthe best information
we could get in regard to-it. But after the amend-
ment was moved by the Senator from Michigan
last night f took especial pains to make inquiries
of the best sources of information that were at
my hand, and they were verygood,and 1 learned
entirely contrary to what the gentleman from
Michigan learned: that the tax, instead of being
lower, ought to be made higher if anything. I
have seen gentlemen who have been in the tobacco
business for twenty yeais, I have seen collectors
from the city of New York wh.o understand the
tobacco business from the beginning to the end,
and all the operations of these tobacco manufac-
turers and dealers to evade the tax, and I learn
from them that this tax, instead of being lower,
if moved at all, should be carried up. But I think
the committee have placed it on the right grade,
or perhaps as near rightas they can make it. We
cannot have a giade for every kind of tobacco.
If a nian will cut up a very good grade of to-
bacco for smoking tobacco, as is done, he should
jiay a higher tax. There are some grades, how-
ever, which are poor, which perhaps would not
pay quite so high a tax as this; but upon the av-
eiuge, smoking tobacco will well bear the tax we
have imposed upon it.
1 desire to say further, that many leading men
in the tobacco business in various parts of the
country,in New York and Baltimore, understand-
ing that this motion was made, and feeling that ii
would seriously affect the revenue, took the pains
to send to mc this morning to say that ihey had
no part in it, for they did not desite the amend-
ment made. 1 know the source from whence the
gentleman gets his information. I have had the
same access to it that he has. I have talked with
those men, but their opinions failed to convince
me, because they have been outweighed and coun-
tervailed by the opinions of other men. We can-
not fix this tax to suit everybody. One man will
want a tax of fifteen cents, another twenty, tin-
other thirty, perhaps. I have found men who,
in adjusting tbis tobacco tax, have asked mo to
carry it as high as seventy-five cents a pound,
and others to sixty cents. They were men, it
would be ascertained very soon, who were in the
mteiest of those who had a very large stock on
hand, who wanted a very high tax in order to ap-
preciate all the tobacco they had on hand. We
iin\e to take the information that we can get from
all quarters, and act upon the whole information
that we can get. I do not know how the Senate
can be better informed, I mean in a body like this,
than by following their committees. There are
Senators, perhaps, who have a knowledge of the
tobacco trade, and will think the committee are
wrong in regard to it; but upon the best informa-
tion the committee have, we believe the tax we
have fixed upon to be the best on the whole.
Mr. POWELL. My impression is that the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan ought
to prevail. I have listened attentively to the ar-
gument of the Senators who advocate the taxing
of this description of tobacco at twenty-five cents; •<
but they have failed to convince me that it is
light. They have failed to convince me that we
would get more revenue by taxing it twenty-five
cents than by taxing it twenty cents. I believe
it would be bencficial to the revenue and to the
tobacco interest to place this tax at twenty ccnts.
The Senator from New Hampshire telly us that
this will be very fine smoking tobacco, and he
tells us he has had a very huge intercouise with
persons engaged in this business. Sir, I have had
some intercourse with persons engaged in this
business, and they gave me information of a \ ery
different kind from that given to the Senator from
New Hampshire. My impression is very distinct
and very dear that the tobaccos which are used in
the manufacture of this description of tobacco are
not fine tobaccos. I will read the proposition of
the Senator from New Hampshire:
On tobacco manufactured with all thet-temin, the leaf no
having been butted or stripped from the stem, and not
s-weetened, twenty-five cents per pound.
