50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
38th Cons.... 1st Sess.
The Jacobins of Missouri and Maryland—-Mr. Blair.
Ho. oj? Reps.
remove! of the general commanding a military
department? Such trifles it appears to me bring
shame to those who would make thorn the ground
for the removal and degradation of a brave ancl
meritorious officer.
Mr. GRiNNELL. One word more, with the
permission of the gentleman from Missouri. It
was charged by him that the Iowa delegation in
signing that Missouri protest had fallen into a
trap. I wish to say I signed that paper with my
colleagues with my eyes open. JThern was no
trap. I believed, and my constituents believe
to-day, that the general then in command m St.
Louis was not as true as he ought to be to his
position; I believed that he was using his official
position for the purpose of degrading those who
are called radical men, like myself. There were
men connected with the Army who believed this;
and it is my belief now. 1 believe it from the
best of testimony. He may have been a brave
man, ho may have been a true man; hut still the
facts I have stated are true; and those of my con-
stituents who had suffered by the raids of these
Missouri State militia, whom he was upholding,
had a right to enter their protest as they did. .
Mr. EJLAIft, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, my
opinion hag not been changed by anything which
has been said by the two gentlemen from Iowa.
I concede to them entire honesty in their views
and purposes, still 1 believe their interference was
asked and obtained by misrepresentations, ltwas
not against General Schofield that the originators
of this scheme sought the aid of the Iowa delega-
tion. Their purpose was to level a blow at the
President, and induce the Senate of the United
States to deal that blow.
Mr. GRINNELL. 1 wish distinctly to deny
that the Iowa delegation had any pait or any de-
sign to bring an accusation against the President
of the United States. That delegation, sir, are
not against the President.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have again and
again said that Idid notsuppoae they had any such
design. I put it upon those who originated this
affair, and who, having obtained by misrepresent-
ations the statementof the Iowa delegation, used
it not agamst Schofield, but against the President,
as the whole transaction in the Senate shows upon
its very face. Now, sir, who is this General Scho-
field? 1 knew him as the officer who mustered the
first troops from Missouri at the beginning of the
war, in the midst of dangers that the men who are
now denouncing him shrank from in dismay.
They shrank away in alarm and their arms hung
nerveless by their sides when this officer stood for-
ward bravely in the performance of his duty. He
was the companion and trusted friend of the he-
roic Lyon, who fell dead on the bloody field of
Wilson's Cieek, almost in his at ms. He has ap-
proved his loyalty and efficiency on the field of
battle; he has tested his vaiorand devotion to the
country. His revih-rs are that rlass of tioi-;y
patiiots whose devotion to the Government, is
attested only by their clamors.
I do not myself approve of his entire adminis-
tration in Missouii, but I honor his patriotism
and ability, and appreciate the difficulty of his
position, made more so by those who have done
moie complaining than fighting. General Scho-
field assented to the order by which four counties
in my State were depopulated, and the wives and
children of twelve hundred Union men then in the
United Stales Army were driven fi om their homes.
He assenti-d to tins order given by Geneiai low-
ing. I did not appiove of it. It was a conces-
sion to the radicals, who threatened to o\<-rthrow
the State government, but did not conciliate them.
My colleague [Air. Blow] ^sseibd in round
terms ih.uata meeting or caucus of my friends
in St. Louis, in August, 1802, 1 had advixatfd
the removal of Geneud Schofield and the substi-
tution of .'mother in the eouimand of the d  pait-
ment {if Missoun, and that I had deputed him to
bear my complaints to ihe IVsident. I denied
the statement; and when, m August, 18G2, he
came to lilts city and used my name with the Pies-
ident and General Halleck to < ilect that nurpos"
i &tmt a telegram to General Halleck in the fol-
lowing
fir. IjociMrssocnt. H, 1&V2.
Majoi G<ivm1 H. W flAi,T,KfK :
Nobodv>is authonzed to ask Sehofield's removal in my
jyiuie. i haw wiltten to lion Mi. JJjau at-king tli.it his
powers may be more ample, and that he be disembarrassed
trom the authority of Governor Gamble.
FRANK r. BLAIIl, Jr.
Headquarters, February 25, 1864.
Telegram—Official Copy:
D. C. YVAGER, Ji. A. G.
General Halleck informs me that he told my
colleague that he had received this dispatch, and
thinks it probable that he showed it to him, and
he therefore knew that I did not assent to his com-
ing here to represent me. I£e knew this when
he made the statement on this floor a few days
since.
I will slate that a meeting of our friend's did
take place about the time indicated. Many com-
plaints were made in that meeting by my friends
against General Schofield. He was not, however,
m command of the department; no depaitment
commander had then been appointed to succeed
General Halleck, who had been ordered heie to
the chief command a short time previous. Gen-
eral Schofield was in command of the district;
Curtis commanded another district, and Schofield
had expressed Ins desire to do what our friends
complained of his not doing, but alleged that he
had no authority, as he was only a district com-
mander and did not have the authority necessary.
I explained this to those present at that meeting.
All that 1 said was in explanation of the matters
alleged againstGcneral Schofield, based upon his
own statements. The only resolution which I
proposed was one asking that a department com-
mander might be appointed, and the dispatch I
have quoted and the letter referred to in it show
very plainly that 1 would have been well satisfied
with the appointment of General Schofield. The
statement of my colleague is utterly devoid of
truth.
Schofield some time afterwards gave me to un-
derstand that the motive of my colleague's volun-
teering to come to Washington and misrepresent
me was that he was the owner of a lead mine in
southwest iVJibfiouriwhich he was desirousshould
be well guarded by United States troops; that he
(Schofield) did not consider it as important as
some other interests, and that he could not spare
the troops to advance niy colleague's private spec-
ulations, and he attributed his hostility to this
cause.
The great point of attack made by my colleague
m his speech was the icsulutiou 1 oil'eicd in.tins
House, diking a committee to investigate the
operations of the Tieasury Department in the reg-
ulation of the commeicial inteicourse with the
States in msuriection. He passed a high eulogium
upon tin? distinguished Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and denounced me for presuming to intro-
duce such a resolution. He denied that there
was any ground for the investigation,and yet he
was eautious to vote against my lcsolution, and
so did all the friends of that distinguished gentle-
man. I say that there is giound f<n it. I say
here in my place and upon my responsibility
as a Representative that a more profligate admin-
istration of the Treasury Department never ex-
isted undei any Government; that the whole Mis-
sissippi valley is rank and fetid with the fiaud
and corruptions practiced there by his agents;
that " permits" to buy cotton aie just as much a
maiketabie commodity as the cotton itself; that
these peimits to buy cotton aie brought to St.
Louis and othei western cities by politicians and
favorites from distant paiin of the country, and
sold on 'change to the highest bidder, whether he
be a secessionist or not, and that, too, at a time
when the best Union men in these cities aie re-
fused permits. That is equally tine of the" trade
stoics," as they die calk d—monopolies of hade
m ceitain distncts or cities m the South. These
" trade stores'1 aie given to political partisans and
f.ivoi iter, who share the piofits with othei men
who furnish the capital, Air. Chase furnishing
capital to his fi tends and partisans in th« f-hape of
a permit <_>) pimlege to monopohze the trade of
a certain city oi deurie?; and furihermoie, ;c can
he establish* d that the piactiee of taking bribes
on fii,: part o " lh> se Treasury agents for permits
to trade, and lor conniving at violations of law, is
so common that U nas almost ceased to attract at-
tention or excite comment, if is the most cor-
rupting and demoralizing system that ever was
invented, and has become a public scandal. No
wonder that General Giant, in his remonstiance
against this system, said,"No honest man could
do business under such a system." I am satis-
fied that, upon a rigid and honest sciutiny, the
statements I have made can be established by com-
petent pi oof. Here is a statement which I find
in the Baltimore American, a stanch Union pa-
per, and which appeais to be vouched by the
name of a party whom I take to be responsible
and respectable, for otherwise that journal would
hardly haveiuserted his statement, ltisas follows:
Baltimore, February % 18C>4.
Messrs. Editors of the Baltimore Jimei iceni:
I desheto make known tlnough your paper, to the com-
munity geneiai!y, something which I am sure will astonish
evciy Union man in our city whoha=: not pieviou-dy heaid
ot it, and they, I think, an? few. It is tins, Me^is. Editois,
mat on Saturday, :50th ultimo, the schooner Aim Hamilton,
Captain Stalling, with Samuel G. Miles on hoard, the
agent of another paity, cleaied iiom this port with a cargo
oi fifty sacks ofsatt audageneialassoitmentot meichandise,
valued at perhaps §10,000, with permission fiom Mi. Risley,
the agent of the Treasuiy Depaitment, and sanctioned by
Geneiai Butler, to take the same wiihm the lebel lines,
that is to say, to the counties ot' Northumberland and Lan-
caster, State of Virginia.
Had Jeff. Davis himself requested the Government au-
thorities to send lum the amount of goods taken fiom here
by Mi. Miles, and the authorities had consented to grant
the same, I am sure I would net have been more aston-
ished. it la well known, Messrs. Editors, that the Gov-
ernment has no troops in either of those two counties, has
no custom ofiiefM? to examine what may bepioposed to be
landed, and that that section is as much under rebel juris-
diction as Charleston, South Caiobna. As to the truth of
tins statement X can point out to you dozens of men in the
State of Maryland who have been compelled to flee their
homes and families in those two counties, and who daio
not return to the same. No Union man can go to either of
them, for the simple reason that he would be immediately
anested and sent on his way to Richmond.
But while it is a matter ot astonishment that a cargo of
goods should be allowed by those in authority to go there,
(a poition ot country entirely under rebel tule,) it isequally
so that Mr. Miles, a man known to almost ever} Union man
m Baltmioie to he one ot the biiteresticbels we have among
us, who has fioru the commencement done and said all
that he could against the Government; a man who could
not engage in the vvoiship of God in the New Assembly
Rooms—could not think ot" such a thine, because Gcncial
Schenek had oideied the stars and stupes to be suspended
in the room; a man who indorsed and commended the ac-
tion oi the mob on the 19th ot Aptil, 1861, in murdenng
Massachusetts soldiers in our sheets. and one perhaps who
has rcndeied moie aid and com tort to the iebels,or as much,
at least, as any man in oui city, by sending goods to the
veiyoonnties named ever since the icbeMion commenced,
setting at defiance the blockade; that such a man, a known
encni) ot the Government, should he allowed to take within
the rebel line- a large numberot boxes ol merchandise said
to contain eoitam ai tides, as per manifest, and the vessel,
too, commanded hv Captain Steihng, who 1 am informed
has long ago made the acquaintance of Foit Melicnry on
account ut his blockade iimmng piochvities—if this i-s not
astonishing, then, Messis. Editois, what would be?
But, sit;-, there is something al o to he looked at in this
aflair. Who aie the parlies who have thus imposed on
General Butler? fo  no one believe", who knows the Gen-
eral, that he would ''ver have consented to this piojccthad
he known the chaiaeter of Mi. Miles. Some panics pio-
fes-ing to be Union men mu-t have imposed on Mi. RKIey,
and Geneiai Hutler ai-o; and I thmk, mk, the community
ought to know who thev aie. f, for one, cannot believe
that General Bullei would ever have eon-ented to allow
i-ueh a pnvilegu to one so well known in this community
as one of the giean st fuemN of those in arms seeking to
destioy the very Government that he (General ft.) ha> been
so nobly and skillfully upholding.
I could give you many piooN oi the truth of what t say
in regard to Mr. Miles ; and as to the fact of the ve M'l deal-
ing tiom this port, that can be obtained bv calling upon the
piopfv offieeis at oui cu«tom-hou-e. I will only add,
Messis. Editors, that if such a privilege is granted to Mr.
Miles, and they aie lully aware of ins sentiments, See., I
think the .inthoiities ought to cany the mallet a little fur-
thet and return to him the amnnni of money they have re-
ceived from the >-ales of lu^goods tiiey have eaptuied while
trjing lo run the blockade—more especially those captured
on board the sehoonei Hampton, Captain Roe, (in one of
the very counties to which he now goes.) about a veai since
—a>> that wai <|mte n snug little -urn.
By jmbh -lung thi* letter in youi valuable journal, thereby
calling the attention ot the two gentlemen who I Vim emu
have been gios-«ly deceived in the matter, \ou will much
oblige iom mend, STEPTOE ii. TAYLOR.
Is this.-) matter woi tit inquiring into ? Such an
act in aid of the rebels m firms would send any
one, exceptaTreasuiy agent, to Fort La Fayette.
Sir, if the friends of theSecietary of theTteas-
ury had not felt that these facts could be proven,
they would not have voted against investigation,
but.would on the contrary have invited it. The
friends of the Secrc tary ot the Navy when assailed
by the friends of Mr. Chase have invited scrutiny
and have not asked that those gentlemen who de-
sued to investigate his proceedings or the uiFairs of
his Department should be kept oft the committee
ofinvestigation. The cotton-spinner, (Assistant
Secretary Fox,) to whom thegemleman from Ma-
