1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
We all know that the stem is by far the most
inferior part of the tobacco leaf; we know that it
is worked up into the most inferior kind of to-
bacco in use; and 1 put it to the Senate if a man
who is making an attempt to manufacture fine to-
bacco would mix a very fine grade of leaf with
the stem? If he would, he would destroy all the
good qualities that are in it. I am advised that
it is the lower grades of tobacco—what we call
the lugs—thatare worked'up with the stem in this
form. I do not believe that any sensible operator
in tobacco would work up fine leaf tobacco with the
stem in it, because if he did he would destroy the
quality of the fine leaf by mixing with it the large
liber, the stem, which is the most inferior quality
of tobacco when used in any form, either as smok-
ing or chewing tobacco.
I believe that the position of the Senator from
Michigan is correct. I believe you will get
greatly more revenue out of the tax of twenty
cents than outof the tax of twenty-five cents. He
is very correct also in another thing, that if you
make the tax on this inferior kind of smoking to-
bacco very high, persons will use the raw leaf by
rubbing it with their hands or cutting it with a
jack-knife. I hope the amendment of theSenator
from Michigan will prevail. It is not my pur-
pose to take up the time of the Senate by any
elaborate argument on the subject. 1 have given
my views to the Senate very briefly.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Kentucky fell
into an error perhaps inadvertently, and perhaps
he used the expression inadvertently, " this infe-
rior kind of smoking tobacco." Sir, this is the very
best kind of smoking tobacco, the highest grade.
'Mr. POWELL, if theSenator will allow me,
I do not think that any tobacco that is manufac-
tured with the stem in, the leaf not having been
butted or stripped from the stem, is thefinestkind
of smoking tobacco. 1 believe, to make the finest
kind of smoking tobacco, you must take out the
large fiber; you must take the finestleafand work
that up into it. Thatis my opinion aboutit, and
I do not think I atn mistaken.
Mr. CLARK. I think I can assure the Sena-
tor, upon good information, that in the manufac-
tme of this tobacco, in perhaps the very best
kind that is made—that is the fine-cut chewing
tobacco—they cut up the stern; and we found it
necessary to make an amendment to impose a tax
on fine-cut, whether used in the stem or not. Now
here are two kinds of tobacco; one with the stem
in, the leaf and the stent together. It may be of
the best kind of tobacco that is manufactured, the
very best, if a man chooses to make it, and on
that we propose to put twenty-five cents a pound,
which is very low. On the'other, which is made
exclusively of stems, using up the stems, only
fifteen cents. A man who is very nice aboutit,
or a man who has been accustomed to use good
smoking tobacco, will not hesitate to pay the tax,
whether it is twenty or twenty-five cents. The
Government, therefore, may just as well have the
twenty-five cents. Butif he uses the poorer kind,
which pays fifteen cents, he will perhaps use the
leaf. We cannot prevent that. We cannot im-
pose a tax on the leaf, in my judgment.
Mr. HENDERSON. My State is very largely
interested in this subject, though I have no inter-
est whatever personally in it. X never owned half
a pound of tobacco in my life, purchased with a
view to sale. I once used it as a chewer and a
smoker, but with that exception I have never had
* anything to do with it. I know something about
its manufacture, because large quantities of it are
manufactured in my State, but 1 have no interest
in it personally, ana never expect t(^have.
I have looked over the amendments suggested
by the Senator from New Hampshire, and, in my
opinion, they are about as good as can be made
on the subject as they now stand. The Senator
from Kentucky falls into a very serious error in
regard to the amendment that is now pending.
He reads from the printed and not from the writ-
ten amendment which is now pending. The
amendment that is now before the Senate is this:
On smoking tobacco, manufactured with all the stem in,
the leaf not having been butted or stripped from the stem,
and on refuse tobacco, known as fine-cut shorts, twenty-
five cents per pound.
The Senator from Kentucky is laboring under
the impression that it is a tax on tobacco not
sweetened. Thatis notso. There are two grades
ofsmoking tobacco as no w provided by the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire.. As
he very properly states, he intends to charge upon
manufactured chewing tobacco of all grades thirty-
five cents per pound. Then hedesigns to charge
twenty-five cents per pound upon tobacco which
is cut up and which may be used for smoking
purposes. Then there is a third quality made
exclusively of stems, for smoking purposes, upon
which he proposes to charge fifteen cents per
pound. As I stated yesterday, the very best
quality of tobacco may be manufactured for smok-
ing purposes; that is, the very finest quality of
leaf may be cut up with the stems in it, and for
smoking purposes, as I understand it, the stems
do not injure it. 1 doubt very much whether fine-
cut smoking tobacco ought to be placed below the
grade of chewing tobacco. Therefore I think the
amendment, as suggested by the Senator from
New Hampshire, ought to be adopted.
Now. once for all, I desire"to state this: I am
very well aware that in my State the tax now pro-
posed to be levied upon tobacco will be regarded
as a very heavy and very burdensome tax by some
persons; butl do notso regard it at present. In the
present state of the currency of the country, with
my desire to diminish the vastamount ofthat cur-
rency, I believe that a very heavy tax ought to be
laid upon those articles that can bear it; and I am
very well aware that tobacco is an article that can
bear that tax, I would not propose any increase
upon the rates suggested by theSenator from New
Hampshire. I do not desire to suggest any in-
crease of those rates, because I think they are large
enough; I do not think they ought to be increased.
The fact is, it will be regarded as a very heavy
tax, as I have before stated, as it now stands.
But, sir, it is necessary to lay the tax somewhere;
it must fall upon something; and I think that the
people of the West arc so largely interested in
the reduction of the volume of the currency that
they can very well afford the tax proposed upon
tobacco. While tiiey lose in one respect, they
will gain in another. -1 hope, therefore, that the
amendment suggested by tne Senator from New
Hampshite will be ad opted just as he has offered it.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Mis-
souri and myself seem to be after the sam.e object;
but we arrive at different conclusions from the
same premises. I will vote for the tax which will
give the largest revenue. Satisfy me that a tax
of twenty-five cents will yield more revenue than
a tax of twenty cents, and I will vote for a tax of
twenty-five cents. But the point is this: there is
no necromancy about cutting smoking tobacco;
it is the simplest process in the world, lean take
an axe and a leaf of tobacco and make just as good
smoking tobacco as any cutter in the United Slates
can make. You put no duty upon the leaf. Any
man can step into a grocery and buy one leaf, two,
three, or a dozen, and cut them up with a jack-
knife and he will have better smoking tob&eco
than if he bought the article that had paid twenty-
five cents tax. You will utterly destroy your rev-
enue from smoking tobacco and leave every man
to purchase his leaf and cutit for himself. That
is why I am in favor of reducing this tax. It is
the tax that I am after, the largestrevenue; there-
fore I say make the tax twenty cents a pound,
because it will yield a larger revenue than a tax
of twenty-five cents.
Besides, there is no reason why you should tax
stems which cost say two or three cents a pound
fifteen cents, and then tax the leaf which only costs
four or five cents a pound twenty-five cents. The
difference is too great; it will lead to fraud; it will
diminish your revenue. I would prefer a tax of
fifteen cents, as i first proposed yesterday, because
it will yield a larger revenue; but, as I said before,
at the suggestion of the Senator from Maryland,
1 gave up the smaller sum and adopted the larger
one. I hope my amendment to the amendment
will prevail. It ought to prevail as a financial
measure.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me ask the Senator
if there is not some danger in this respect if his
amendment be adopted, making such a very great
difference between smoking and chewing tobacco.
Under the amendment either may be sweetened
and perfumed, and the leaf may be used also
with the stem: will there not be danger that the
finest article of tobacco will be cut up and marked
smoking tobacco, and used by chewers all over
the country as chewing tobacco? They may use.
it either for smoking or chewing. This fine-cut
is frequently used for smoking purposes. Itua
put up for chewing, but gentlemen purchase "i't
and smoke it, which they may verjrwell do. If
this great difference be made, is there not d&ugfer
of fraud on the revenue? • *' :
Mr. CHANDLER. I will5 answer the Serjaf
tor, not the slightest in the world. Chewing fco4-
bacco is manufactured; it is prepared; foreign
substances are mixed with it. A"fiy; man Who
ever chewed tobacco must understand that thor-
oughly. Smoking tobacco is simply ground up
and made up tobacco.
Mr. HENDERSON. Sweetened and perfumed?
Mr. CHANDLER. Not at all. There is not
a thing put in with it; it is simply cut tobacco;
while chewing tobacco is mixed with licorice
and divers and sundry other commodities, and
manufactured into an article that some men:are
foolish enough to put in their mouths. There, is
no such danger whatever as the Senator appre-
hends.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have two reasons for
supporting the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire. The first is, representing^ I
do a large tobacco-growing State, I wish to pre-
vent any frauds on the revenue; and the other is,
that twenty-five cents per pound upon it how is
not more than twelve and a half was when we
first levied this tax two years ago; and I believe,
as I said before, the object ought to be to reduce
the volume of currency as rapidly as possible.
Mr. POWELL. I was laboring under a mis-
apprehension that the printed amendment was
now before the Senate. However, the amend-
ment proposed in writing does not materially
differ from that I read. The one as written, to
which the Senator from Michigan proposes an
amendment, ia this:
On smoking tobacco, manufactured with all the stern
in, the loaf not having been butted or stripped from the
stem, and on refuse tobacco known as tine-cut shorts,
twenty-five cents per pound.
My own impiession is that the reasons I as-
signed against the printed amendment apply
equally to thjs. I'do not think with the Senator
from Missouri that the thing is changed. It only
inserts the word " smoking" before " tobacco,"
and strikes out the words " not sweetened," and
introduces the words "on refuse known as fine-
cut shorts." That is all the difference.
Mr. HENDERSON. It may be sweetened,
and this may be a very fine article.
Mr. POWELL. It does not say it shall be
sweetened.
Mr. HENDERSON. It may be.
Mr. POWELL. Yes; but I do not think there
is any material difference between the two pro-
visions, the one printed and the overwritten.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown,' Buckalew, Carhle, Chandler,
Davis, Dootittle, Hale, Hicks, Howard, Johnson, Powell,
Ramsey,ltiehardson, Sumner, Wade, and Wilkinson—16.
NAYS—Messrs.'Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Connor,
Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Gaines, Harlan, Harris, Hendei-
son, Hendricks?, tlowe, Lane of Kansas, Moigan, Morrill,
Pomeroy, Sherman, Ten Eyck,Trumbull, Van Winkle, and
Wilson—93. " :
ABSENT—Me&srs. .Cowan, Dixon, Harding, banc of
Indiana, MeDougali, Nesmith, Riddle, Saulsbury,Sprague,
Willey, and iVright—11.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend the
bill on page 145, line four hundred and fifty-three,
by striking out the word "cut" after the word
41 on," and in lines four hundred and fifty-four,
four hundred and fifty-five, and four hundred and
fifty-six, by striking out the following words:
And not sweetened or otherwise prepared, and on shosts
or other refuse separated from fine-cut tobaeco in the pio-
cess of manufacture.
And to insert:
And not mixed with leaf or l^af and stem.
So that the clause will read:
On smoking tobacco, made exclusively of stems, and not
mixed with leaf, or leaf and s>tem, fitteeu et;uH pv*r pound.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suggest to the Senator
to strike out the words " or leaf and stems/' it
would be sufficient to say " made exclusively of
stems and not mixed with leaf," because it shows
there is a distinction drawn between the leaf and
stem.
Mr. CLARK. I want to use-those wor<2s, be-
cause they may grind up. the leaf and stems to-
