%m 6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2.
gether and attempt to mix them unless we insert
these words.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is included with-
out them.
Mr. CLARK. I do notwanttliem tomixany
tobacco with these stems. This is smoking to-
baceo.
Mr- CHANDLER, I move to amend the
amendment by inserting before the words " fif-
teen cents per pound" the words "and on shorts."
Mr. CLARK. Let me say to the Senatorthat
we have just adopted an amendment including
shorts, under the twenty-five cent tax. Shorts are
in the other grade.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think it is a mistake if
shorts are in the other grade.
Mr. CLARIC. They are there.
Mr. CHANDLER. Shorts certainly cannot
stand more than fifteen cents. They are the ref-
use or sweepings of the floor. I am told that
large manufacturers find itverydifficulttogetrid
of the shorts at any price. I will move the amend-
ment to insert the words "and on shorts" be-
fore the words " fifteen cents per pound."
Mr. CLARK. Wehave just provided for fine-
cut shorts, which are the same thing, under the
twenty-five cent tax. Certainly we do not want
to provide for them in both places, because that
would only be a complication.
Mr. CHANDLER. If this amendment be
adopted 1 will move to strike it out in the other
clause.
Mr. CLARIC. Mr. President, there is nothing
that opens a wider field for fraud than this mat-
ter of shorts. Some manufacturers can manu-
facture them very closely, so as to leave the mere
refuse. Others can leave them with a great deal
of very fine tobacco in, which makes a very good
kind of smoking tobacco, and if we mean to pro-
tect the Government in that way we mustimpose
a tax on shorts in the twenty-five cent grade', or
else the door is entirely open for fraud.
Mr. CHANDLER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. These shorts are the refuse of the fine-cut
and are prepared for chewing. They are not
suitable for smoking. It is true they sometimes
smoke chewing tobacco, but it isnot prepared for
that purpose. I am informed by large manufac-
turers that these shorts accumulate very greatly
upon their hands. One manufacturer told me
that he had something like ten tons of them that
had accumulated, and ho could not get rid of
them; they would not sell even for the duty you
put upon them now. 1 think that is a very un-
just discrimination. I hope the amendment to
the amendment will be udopted,
Mr. CLARIC. There is no doubt that at times
shorts and other kinds of tobacco will accumu-
late in the hands of certain manufacturers. For
instance, a man gets one hundred hogsheads of
tobacco, and ho is a manufacturer of chewing to-
bacco. He selects all that will do for chewing
tobacco, and then he has the rest on hand. It is
for the interest of that man to have the tax on
refuse tobacco as low as it can possibly be made.
I kriow very well the interest that ihe Senator
represents. But there are other people who would
select out the best kind and have a very excellent
quality of shorts with a great deal of what you
may call fmf-cut in it; and if that is put into the
low grade it will undoubtedly lead to fraud. You
cannot have it in both places. It is necessary to
put it into that grade which will protect the rev-
enue. We'thought at first of putting it into the
higher grade of chewing tobacco, but afterwards,
onafuller consideration of the subject, wo thought
it had better go into the middle grade; that that
was the proper place to put it, and we putit there.
It is not a matter that has escaped the attention
of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to ask of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire whether pure stems is
the only kind of smoking tobacco which this bill
recognizes?
Mr. CLARK. No, we have a grade very much
better than that, which we have been discussing
this morning.
Mr. HOWA RD. What is the tax on it?
Mr. CLARK. Twenty-five cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I simply desire to say now
that all the provisions in regard to cigars will
have to be amended, because, as they are left by
the House bill, the assessor can fix two rates of
tax, and they run one into another; but I am not
quite prepared with the amendment at this time.
1 may desire, if the bill is not immediately passed,
to call the attention of the Senate to it by and by.
'Mr. CHANDLER. In line four hundred and
sixty-four of section ninety-three, on page 145,
I move to strike out" seven" and insert" eight."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The Chair will suggest to the Senator from Michi-
gan that the clause which he proposes to amend
is itself an amendment, which has been agreed to
in committee, and therefore it is not now subject
to amendment. It will, however, be subject to
amendment in the Senate on the question of con-
curring in that amendment made as in Committee
of the vVhole.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have a small amend-
ment to propose on' page 170, by inserting before
the word " circulation," in line sixty-one of sec-
tion one hundred and thirteen, the word " aver-
age;" so as to read " all newspapers whose aver-
age circulation does not exceed fifteen hundred
copies."
Mr, POMEROY. We have amended that sec-
tion once, and 1 should like to know how it stands.
Mr. BUCKALEW. We made it fifteen hun-
dred copies instead of two thousand.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. In line ninety-fourof sec-
tion ninety-three, on page 130, I move to strike
out " one cent" and insert " two cents;" so as to
make the clause read:
On ground coffee, and on all ground substitutes for cof-
fee, or preparations ot which colfee forma a part, and on
all ungruund substitutes for cuflee, a duty of two cents per
pound.
We charge a very high duty on pure coffee, and
there are a great many'vile concoctions in the
shape of ground coffee that are sold as substi-
tutes for coffee. There is an immense profit on
these products. Nobody knows what he gets
when he buys them. They purport to be coffee
when often there is not a single gram of coffee in
a pound. These preparations will beara duty as
high as coffee and ought to pay as high a duty as
colfee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know enough
about the subject to say that the Senator is not
right, and that the tax may not be raised some-
what; but in the course of the investigation upon
the subject two years ago, when we passed the
original act, the matter came under theexamination
ofthe Committee on Finance, and we became satis-
fied that all these substitutes for coffee were not so
injurious to the community as many people sup-
pose. We understand that the business is carried
on by regular manufacturers; and what they buy
is perfectly understood by those who purchase at
retail, It is divided offinto bins; one contains rye,
another chiccory perhaps, and so on through the
various substitutes for coffee. Persons who want
the article buy ataprice according to the mixture
that is made. None of them is unwholesome.
They make a substitute tor coffee which the poorer
class of the community purchase and get along
with very well. They do not have the pure ar-
ticle as people of more ability to pay have, but
still they get un article which servcstheirpurpose
very well as a drink.
i understand tluit the cultivation of the article
ofchiccory which is used very largely has already
been commenced in this country. We now im-
port a great deal of it, und it pays a very consid-
erable duty; if I mistake notsixor sevenhundred
thousand dollars; but I am not quite certain as to
the amount. Instead of being injurious, it has
been decided by medical examination to be in
reality healthful and useful, and it serves a very
considerable purpose.
Now if it is true—and 1 have every reason to
believe it is true—that none of the articles which
are used as substitutes for coffee are injurious,
but on the contrary are beneficial and are only a
cheaper kind which the poorer classes and those
less able to pay use in place of coffee because they
cannot affoid the pure article as others can, if-is
hardly worth while to designate it as miserable
stuff or to tax it beyond what it should reason-
ably bear as an articlc of manufacture. How far
the tax can go without imposing a duty too oner-
ous upon such a manufacture is a question for the
Senate to consider.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it taxed now?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is taxed one cent a
pound by this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Was it taxed by the former
bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; and the Sena-
tor from Michigan proposes to double the tax, on
the ground, asl understand him, that the substi-
tutes for coffee are deleterious articles and verj
profitable to the manufacturer and will bear this
high rate of taxation on the manufacture. If his
experience and knowledge are such that he can
make that assertion to the Senate of his own
knowledge, I really do not possess sufficient in-
formation to contradiet him, although such in-
formation as the committees of both Houses had
would lead them to suppose that a duty of one
cent a pound on these articles is all that ought to
belaid. It is, however-, for the Senate to judge.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no practical expe-
rience in this matter,but [aminformed, by those
who know, that the profits upon these prepara-
tions are enormous. It is a very common tiling
now for a farmer to go to his grocer and buy say
ten pounds of barley and two pounds of the very
bestcofl'ee, burn them both, and grind them, thus
preparing a very fair substitute for coffee. But
when these preparations are made by Ihe grind-
ers of these substitutes and sold, the producers
do not know what they get and do not know what
they are paying for. Thatis well understood by
the grinders, and they charge enormous profits.
They assert that a preparation is one half coffee
and charge accordingly, when it is not one^enth
coffee. 1 am told by those who know and in
whose judgment I have faith and confidence, that
these preparations will bear a tax of two cents a
pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move in the ninety-sev-
enth, line of the ninety-third section, on page 130,
to strike out " one cent" and insert " two cents;"
so as to make the clause read:
On ground pepper, ground mustard, ground pimento,
ground cloves, and ground clove steins, ground cassia, and
ground ginger, and all imitations of tlie same, a duty ot"
two cents per pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that would be
hardly advisable. Is the Senator aware what
percentage that would be on the manufactured ar-
ticle? These are all manufactures.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am not aware what the
percentage would be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill throughout,
with some special exceptions, is calculated at
about five per cent, on manufactures. These ar-
ticles are for convenience sold ground, and we put
a tax on them because they are sold in that way;
but if you raise the tax so high as not to make it
advisable or to the interest of men to prepare
them as manufactures, these articles will bo pre-
pared by people at home for themselves, and we
shall defeat our own object by just stopping the
manufacture, whereas by putting on a low duty
we can get a revenue out of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. My attention has been
called to this matter, and I am told that this is a
very profitable branch of business and will bear
a tax.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that one cent
a pound on ground cloves would bo very small.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does not the Senator
know that the duty on cloves which is paid by
the importer is very high ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is simply on the
process of grinding, one cent a pound on the pro-
cess of manufacture by grinding. The fact that
the article is valuable does not make any differ-
ence in this view of the case, because the ques-
tion is whether you will get something ornothmg
out of the manufacture.
Mr. GRIMES. Perhaps I ought to have pre-
ceded what I said by repeating a conversation
which was occurring around me, that this would
be a larger percentage than five per cent* on the
manufacture of the article. I say it will not be-
gin to be five per cent, on ground cloves, although
it may be five per cent, on the article of ground
mustard.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator if he
knows how much is added to the value of a pound
of pepper by grinding it.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think there is much
