APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
*Cosa.'. .71st" Sess.
Frsedmen's Affairs—Mr. Knapp.
Ho. op Reps
l|iie task-masters of Pharaoh, has there been such
a system submitted to any Government making
tje least claim to constitutional liberty as is con-
fined in the hill now before the House. I know
tiiat Governments, under the lead of ambitious
itfitesmen, under the lead of despots and emper-
have overrun vast sections of country, have
brought under subjection millions of unwilling
subjects, but never before, sir, in all the history
of conquests, among all the triumphs.of military
2ppwer, has a Government sought so nearly and
'so closely to interweave its own action with the
^.very-day social life of the people over whom they
"have extended their sway.
Then, sir, let us consider what are the special
propositions of this bill. I propose in the outset
to confine my remarks to the bill itself and to ex-
amine it in its details; and while 1 cannot expect
'tb produce any effect by the few scattering argu-
ments I may adduce, yet I will discharge my duty
as one of the Representatives of the people m call-
ing their attention to the magnitude of this system
,<Jfvassalage that is proposed in the measure now
under discussion. The bill proposes, in the first
j)Iace, the creation of a bureau under the control of
one man, styled a Commissioner, to whom,under
the direction of the Secretary of War, shall be re-
ferred all questions arising under this act con-
cerning persons of African descent and persons
IVho are or shall become free by virtue of any law
or order .enacted or issue4 or promulgated in this
rebellion, or by virtue of any act of emancipation
for the freedom of such persons held to service
or labor in such States, or w,ho otherwise shall be
entitled to th'eir freedom. In pursuance of that
pbwer conferred in the first section of the bill, and
to secure efficiency, he is also authorised to make
Jill needful rules and' regulations for the general
superintendence, direction, and management of the
persons thus committed to his care.
* I stated at the outset that I conceived this bill
legitimately to apply to all the territory comprised
in the siave States heretofore in this Union. I
suppose that its intent and design is to operate
upon every person who, by virtue of any law of
tnose States, has Ipeen 41 held to service or labor,"
usin£ the words of the Constitution.
Ifow,sir, tfois bill also proposes to invest in one
person theauthority to make4 all needful rulesand
regulations for the general superintendence, di-
rection, arid management of these persons. Bear
in mind that they are free. Inm treating them
to-day as free, for that ia your theory and intent.
What else? This Commissioner, under the same
direction of the Secretary of War, is to enactand
cause to be enforced all needful rules and regula-
tions for" the economical and judicious treatment
and disposition of all such persons, freemen as
they are, to the end that they *md the Govern-
ment of the United States shall be mutually pro-
tected, and their respective rights and interests
(July determined and maintained."
In order to systematize the vast field of labor
opened by this bill, the appointment of subordi-
nate officers becomes necessary, and is provided
for. They are called superintendents and clerks.
A superintendent may be appointed in any dis-
trict, to be laid off by the Commissioner, not com-
prising less, however, than what was once a
State. The Commissioner has power to appoint
within that subdivision all necessary resident su-
perintendents and clerks, who shall be paid for
then* services such compensation as the Commis-
sioner n.ay chaw mine, und'T i!i^ dtt octiom> of the
Secretary of War, to be reasonable.
Am a mutter of couise, a system so vast as this
cannot be successfully put in operation by one
man in Washington. It is necessary, fiom the
extent of the field and the number of persons over
whom the system is to operate, to have a large
numb"r of agents stationed within the immediate
field «'f opeuitions, under whose supervision and
control coon1 all those varied subjects. What
power shall they have? They shall have power
"to permit persons of African descent and per-
sons who are or shall have become free as afore*
said, under such rules and regulations as may be
from time to time prescribed by said Commis-
sioner and approved by the Secretary of War,
to occupy, cultivate, and improve ail lanjJs Jymg
withal those district# now or heretofore in rebel-
iiQn? which lands may have been, or may here-
after be, abandoned by their former owners, and
all real estate to which the United States shall
have acquired title, and which shall not have
been previously appropriated by the Government
to other uses."
We now see the plan as it has been dimly shad-
owed forth in the leading features of this bill.
In the first place, the general care, management,
and disposition offourmillion people in the south-
ern States is committed to this bureau. These
people, as I have stated, are all to be made free.
Perhaps I am not justified in saying that they are
to be made equals as yet; but it strikes mo that I
would not be considered as uttering anything very
heterodox if I stated that is pai t and parcel of this
attempted legislation. That question, however,
does not come up legitimately in what I propose
to say now.
These resident superintendents and clerks are
to assign to these people the various lands aban-
doned by their owners, and to which the United
States may have acquired title. When my dis-
tinguished colleague, the chairman of the commit-
tee,"was making his elaborate speech here a few
weeks ago, he stated, in answer to a question asked
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,]
that Kentucky was in nowise interested in this
bill. In his own words, Kentucky was not " in
this ring." 1 asked him then whether lands that
had belonged to traitoisin the State of Kentucky
weie not made subject to the operation of the bill ?
To that question I obtained no answer. But the
gentleman, seeing the point himself, has since at-
tempted to amend the bill by providing thatit shall
only apply to the States in-rebellion.
1 have thus stated brieily, Mr. Speaker, the
main objects of the bill and its method of opera-
tion, with one single exception, to which I now
propose to refer. Other powcis are confided to
the Commissioner of Freedmen's Affairs. He
shall have power "to advise and aid them—that
ja, these fret dm^n—when needful, to oigamze and
direct their labor, adjust with them their wages
and receive all returns arising therefiom, which
shall be duly accounted for to the Commissioner
of Freedmen's Allans," and all balances shall be
paid into the Treasury of the United States after
defraying the expenses and charges of the bureau.
1 am very glad that provision is made after de-
fraying the expenses which legitimately at ise that
the balances are to be paid into the Tieasnry. J
have no doubt but ftom that source, if this bill
goes into effect,we shall havea magnificent sink-
ing fund provided, by which ourselves and our
posterity, for whom we are supposed to have
some interest, may be relieved from the enormous
charges incident to the prosecution of the war. I
have no doubt that the thousand millions of debt
already inclined, and winch perhaps 1 may not be
over sanguine in anticipating will be in future in-
curred , will be defrayed out of the profits acei uing
fiom this vast sysU m of Government patronage
and vassalage, and the tax-payers of the land re-
lieved, to that extent at least, of the enormous
Joud which is to be placed upon their shotildeiH.
How it is going to agree with the gentleman's
philantln opy I do notexactly see. He will doubt-
less explain it, because he is a learned and ingen-
ious, as well as philanthropic, man.
lie tells you that these people aie entitled to
the proceeds of their labor; that the great crying
sin of this countiy has been that foi yeais you
have been grinding these men down m tire dust,
v, htle ii urn!• i t's and thousands ofotheis have been
Haunting in aiistocunie pude from one length of
the land to the other; that they have been living
in all the magnificence and splendor that wealth
can procure, and all drawn from the unrequited
toil of these oppressed millions. The Govern-
ment is now, however, to have the profits arising
from this toil; and it is, I am glad to learn, to go
for the purpose of alleviating the immense charges
which the loyal people of this country will be un-
der in the prosecution of this war to suppress this
unholy rebellion." I trust that the philanthropy
of this undertaking can be made to hitch some-
how with the profits of the scheme. 1 never knew
orhcard of a case when the profits were on the side
of philanthropy that the two could not be got to
work very amicably together.
True, it might appear that these people (the
gentleman's premises being admitted) would ha
entitled to all the proceeds of their labor, but such
old-fashioned ideas of justice I presume are obso-
lete; and under the new light now beaming upon
the country we may safely take all they can make
over their support, and yet maintain our charac-
ter as philanthropists of the first water.
Mr. Speaker, let us now inquire what are the
reasons which induce this action on the part of
the Government. Before enteiing upon so stu-
pendous a system, I may be pardoned for asking
why this supervision on the part of the Govern-
ment over four million people is undertaken at all.
I am occupying your ground, and you will not
hold me to a strict accountability if I call these
persons citizens in embryo. I am now speaking
from your stand-point.
What are the reasons? They are given by my
eloquent friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
in his elaborate speech. He says that the Gov-
ernment has emancipated these negroes; that the
President,under the operation of his war power,
has stricken from the limbs of four million peo-
ple the shackles of slavery, and that having done
so it becomes our duty to do something for them.
He says, suppose it to be wrong, suppose the
emancipation proclamation of the President not
to be in conformity with the principles of justice,
and not warranted by the Constitution, that, nev-
ertheless, it is done, and that it is for us to take
care of these poor men. He says that they must
be taken care of, with or without law; that they
must not be permitted to starve. There is the
reason; and you may examine the whole of the
speech of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Eliot,] occupying move than an hour in its
delivery, an elaborate and forcible speech, and
you can find no reason given in addition to that
one.
Planting himself upon the broad principle of
philanthropy, humanity, and human rights, he
lays down the proposition that because the Gov-
ernment, in the exercise of a doubtful power, has
freed these slaves, therefore until they can sup-
port themselves it is bound itself to do it. This'
js the teason. It is the sum and substance of
every argument m the speech of the gentleman.
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that a great deal can
be and has been said in all and every a^e about
philanthropy, about humanity; it is an illimitable
subject for declamation, a ud has been in every clime
and evei y age; and while 1 am not, I think, wholly
insensible to the beauties whn'h this subject af-
fords, I musteonfess that some other reason will
have to be given before 1 can consistently with
my duty to my constituents give a measure like
this my support, which rests upon reasons ad-
dressed to my feelings alone. The power must
first be shown to exist, then the justice of itcon-
sidered with reference to the claims of the citizen
generally upon us.
I The gentleman in effect asks that the Govern-
j merit shall become the great pati oon, the great land-
j lord, the great lord of all of these people; that they
i are to become the vassals of the Government, h
is said that names do notclumge thim  s. 3 believe
thatShakspeare said something about that, which
1 indorse. I have read of seveial somewhat similar
lelations between individuals and Governments,
i and there is little difference but in name between
1 them and thisscheme. In the Roman republic a
i similar relation to some extent ro that proposed in
! this bill existed; it was then called that of pzitron
' and client. It was the duty of the patron there to
| look after the interest of his client, and protect him
| from the exercise of unwarranted power, while
I in his own intercourse with the client it was not
. altogether certain that the strictest principles of
i right would always obtain. Coming down to
later ages we find a similar system very generally
, in vogue throughout Europe, which is known m
j history as the feudal system. Tins relation be-
j tween individuals was then termed that of 44 lord
1 and vassal," with rights and duties which are
; familiar to gentlemen, and need not be recapitu-
i lated.
i The relation established by the bill, similar to
| those 1 have referred to, that of dependence on
; the one part and control by the other, is to be
; henceforth denominated by the name of one of the
i nearest and deaiest relations known among men,
that of parent and child. These people, m the lan-
! guage of the gentleman, are " the children of the
