THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. It will cost $1,000, and
is an unnecessary expenditure.
The resolution was adopted.
XJB&KITOIUAL PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
The SPEAKER, stated the next business in
order to be House bill No. 342, making appro-
priations for public buildings in the Territories of
Colorado, Nevada, Dakota, Idaho, Arizona, and
Montana, reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union without amend-
ment.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until
Wednesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
amendment of the constitution.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in or-
der to be joint resolution (H. R. No. 53) amend-
atory of the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the further con-
sideration of the resolution be postponed for two
weeks.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 64,
noes 29.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was postponed, and on
that motion demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. BROOKS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 70, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, John D. Baldwin. Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Boutwell,
firooinall, WiJIUinG. Drown, Ambrose; W. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Cobb, Cole,Ore*well, Dawes, Driggs, Dumont, Eek-
ley, Garfield, Gooeb, Gnnnell, Uigby, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Julian,Kusaon. Kranei-* W.Kol
,0S&? Orlando Kellogg Loan, Longyear, Marvin, MeBride,
MeClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhuad, Morrill, Daniel
Morris, Amos Myers, Charles O'Neill, Orlh, Patterson,
Porham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William H. Randall, Alex-
ander II. Uice, John II. Ilice, iSdward II. Rolling Janus S.
Rollins, Shannon, Sloan, Simfh, Steven*, Stuait, Thayer,
Thomas, Tiaey.Up-on, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu D. Wash-
burne, Webster, Whaley, William^, Wilder, Wilson, and
Wood I) ridge— 70.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen. William J. Allen, Au-
gustus C. ttaJdtvirt, ft rooks, James S. Brown, Clay, Colli nth,
Cravens, Dawson, Deming, Denton, EUlrldge, Finck,
Gansou. Grider, Hall, Harding, iJamngton, fieriick, Hol-
man, Hutching, William Johnson, Kalblleisch, Kernan,
Knapp, Law, Lnzear, McDowell, McfCinney, Alonf<on,
Nelson, Noble,Pendleton, Pruyn, Itadtoid, Sa'muelJ. Ran-
dall, Kobmson, Scott, John B. Steele, Strouse, \oorhees.
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Winfioldj
and Fernando Wood—-16.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table,
NATIONAL CURRENCY DILL
y The Speaker stated the next business in order
to be House bill No. 395, to provide a national
currency, secured by a pledge of United States
♦bonds, and to provide for the circulation and re-
demption thereof.
Mr. HOLM AN. f ask the Clerk to lead the
forty-first section of that bill.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sf.c. 41. jJndbeit further cnactcd, That the plates and
special dies to he piocured by the Compttollci ot the Cur
rency for the printing oi such circulating note* shall teinain
under his control and direction, and the expends neces-
sarily incuried in executing the provisions ot" this act, re-
specting the procuring of such notes?, and all other expenses
ot the bureau, shall be paid out ot the proceeds of the
taxes or duties now oi heieat'tei to be assessed on the cir-
culation, and collected from associations organized under
this act; and every organization under thi-s act Miall pav
to the Treasurer of the United States a duty of one pei
cent, each half year, U-om and aitci the 1st day ot April,
in the >car 18b4, upon the maximum amount of their cir-
culating note* during the six montlw; and in default of
Mich pajmcnt the Tteasmer oi the United States is heiebv
authorized to retain one pei cent, of the amounuof bond*
requited to be deposited as security tor such circulation at
each semi-annual payment ot the mteiest thereon; and
such duty and the taxes or dunes Imposed by Congress
from time to time shall be m lieu of all other taxes on t-ueh
associations: Proiidcd. That nothing in this act shah be
constiued to pievent the inniket value ot the shares many
of the said hanking associations, held by any peison or
body corpojate ciented by State law. being included in the
valuation of the aggiegate personal pioperty of such per-
son or State eorpojation in assessing any tax imposed by
any State or muiitcip.il authority on the aggregate personal
estate of all persons subject to the authority of such State
or municipality.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order
"that that section is in the nature of a tax bill; that,
it imposes a tax or duty upon certain property,
and that under the 110th rule of the House it must
have its first consideration in the Committee of
the Whole on the slate of the Union.
The Clerk read the 110th rule, as follows:
" No motion or proposition for a tax or charge upon the
people shall be discussed the day on which it is made or
offered; and every such proposition shall receive its first
discussion in a Committee of the Whole House."
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, upon theground, in the first place,
that the rule states that it must be " a tax or charge
upon the people," and that if the intention had
been to include all kinds of taxes and charges the
words "upon the people*' would not have been
used; the next or 111th rule providing that—
<c No sum or quantum of tax or duty, voted by a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, shall be increased in the House
until the motion or proposition for such increase shall be
first discussed and voted in a Committee of the Whole
House; and so in respect to the time of its continuance."
The one being a particular and the other a gen-
eral rule; and in the second place, that this is not
a tax, but for the purpose of meeting certain ex-
penses to be incurred for dies, plates,&c. Upon
these two grounds the Chair overrules the point"
of order.
Mr. IiOLMAN. In fact there is an appropri-
ation there.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. HOLMAN. It imposes a duty of one per
cent.
The SPEAKER. That is not a tax upon the
people.
Mr. HOLMAN. With some reluctance I take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. KERNAN. Is there any doubt that un-
der that section when this tax ts collected it has
to be paid out of the Treasury?
The SPEAKER. As this is m regard to priority
of business, debate is not in order.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oi'dered.
* Tiie question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 31; as follows:
YI5AS—Messi-<. Alleyx Allison, Ames. Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, John I). Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine,
Boutwell, Bioomall, William G. JJiown, Auibiosc VV.
l.'hnk, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Dasvet-, Doming,
Dngg~, Dunmnt. Eekley, Kiank, Gartield, Gooch, Grin-
nelClligby, Hooper, Hotchkis-s, Asahel W. Hubbard, John
U. llubbauL Jenckes, Julian,Kelley, Fiaheis W. Kellogg,
Oilando Kelloyg, Longyear, Maivm,MeBride, MeClurg,
Mcli.doe, Samuel F. Millei, Mooihead, Monill, Daniel
Moms, Amos Myers, Chailes O'Neill,Oitli, Perliam, Pike,
Pomeroy, Trice, William H. Handall, Alexander H. Rice,
John 11. Hiee, Edw nrd H. Uollin^, Shannon, Sloan, Smith,
Stevens, Thayer, Tiaev, Upson, Van Valkenbuigh, Elihu
[J Washburne, WiiJtam 11. Washburn, Williams, Wilder,
Wilson, Wjiidom, and Woodbridge—71.
NAYS—\1e->Ms. James C. Allen. William J. Allen, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, Biooks, Chanlet, Cotlioth, Denison,
Eden, Midi ulge, Giuler, Benjamin G. ILuu.s, fleruek, llol-
man, Ketnan, j>Tai<>\. Me Kinney, W tliiam [{. Millet,Mor-
rison, Nelson, Noble, Odell, Pendleton, Kadtord, Samuel
J. Randall, Uobm^on, John B. Steele, Strouse, Siumt,
Wheeler, Joseph VV. White, and Fernando Wood—-31.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The SPEAKER. The question is, 44 Shall the
bill be engrossed ancl read a third time and
upon that thegentloman fiom Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD, liise to a question
of order. It is that as the fust section of the bill
provides for the creation of new machine! y, and
the appointment of additional clerks to be paid
out of the Tieasury, and not by the associations,
under the ll*2ih mle the bill mustgo to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The almost daily usage of
the House is not to consider a bill an appropria-
tion bill when the money to be paid out depends
upon another appropriation bill to be passed by
the House. Ail clerks in all the Departments
are paid out of money appropnated by the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation bill,
and appropriation bills for the various Depart-
ments reported from time to time from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I desire to sub-
mit to the Speaker thatu bill creating new officers
and fixing their salaries necessarily involves the
necessity of an appropriation of money, and
hence cleai ly comes within the 112th rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the usage, which he did not create, but which all
previous Congresses have created and followed,
is to the following efFect: that when a pension
bill is presented, declaring that u widow shall be
placed upon the pension rolls to receive eight dol-
lars a month, it has been decided repeatedly,
without a single break in the chain, that it is not
an appropriation bill, although the Government
is bound to pay the pension. If the gentleman
will show any section of this bill which provides
that this money shall be paid out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,the
Chair will sustain his point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the Chair allow me to
present an answer to the question which has been
put?
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. PRICE objected.
Mr. FERNA1N DO WOOD. Differing from
the Speaker, I very reluctantly take an appeal
from that decision.
Jhe SPEAKER. Will thegentieman state his
prerise point, as the giound of appeal has to be
entered on the Journal?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. It is that a bill
creating new offices which involves the necessity
of an appropriation of the public money, must,
under the 112th rule, go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union before it can be
consideicd.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, upon the ground that by the uni-
form and unbi oken usage of the House, as shown
by the instances he has given and many others,
the section alluded to by the gentleman from New
York is nota section of an appropriation bill, and
does not require consideration in a Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As that is
evidently a frivolous point of order, 1 move to
lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call the
yeas and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
he would prefer to have the vote taken directly
upon the appeal.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will then
withdraw my motion.
Mr. COFFROTli. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to withdiaw it.
Mr. BROOKS. Can it be done after the yeas
and nays have been ordered?
The SPEAKER. It can.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the appeal.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question is, " Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?"
The question was put; and it wasdecidcd in the
affirmative—yeas 84, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Andeison, Arnold, Ash-
ley, John 1) Baldwin, Raxtei, Beaman, Blaine, boutwell,
Bioomall, William G. Brown, Ambrose VV Ul;uk, Fiee-
man Claike, Cobb, Cole, (Jreswell, Henty Winter Davn,
Dawes, Dawson, Ditggs, Dumont, Kekley, Eldndge, Farn.s-
vvonh,Frank,Gaifield.Coocli,Grinne|[, jlanington, Uigby,
Hooper, liotchkiss, Asahel VV. llubb.ud. John 11. Uubbaid,
Hutching, Jenckes, Julian. Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Or-
lando Kellogg, Kiii«, ljongyeai, iMaivin, MeBnde, IVIe-
Cluig, Mclniioe, Samuel lr. Millei, Moorhe.ul, Moinil,
Daniel Morris, James K. Moms. Monison, Amos Myei*,
Noble. Chailes O'Neill Ouh. PatterMHi, Perham, Pike,
Piiee, Piuj n. Radfoid, William 11. Randall, John H. Rice,
llobiuson. Edvvanl 11. Kollin^, Mianuon, Sloan, ^untli,
Steven*, Slion.se, Smart. Thayei,Tracy, Upson, VanValk-
enlniiyh, Elihu B, Washburne, Webstei, Williams, Wild-
er, Wilson, Wmdoni, and Woodbndge—84.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ohanler, Coffroth,
Deiu-ion, Eden, Ilerrick, Samuel J. Randall, Wheelei,aiid
Fernando Wood—9.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise a point of order on
the forty-seventh section of the bill, which is to
be found upon page 39.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I ask leave of
absence from the House for ten days from Mon-
day next.
No objection being made, the leave of absence
was granted.
Mr. HOLMAN. My point of order is, that
this forty-seventh section makes an appropriation
in money, and in the following language:
u Thereupon, the Comptioller 'hall give notice, in such
manner as the Secretaiy of the Treasuiy shall by genera!
rule or otherwise direct, to the holders of the circulating
notes of such associations, to present them Tor payineut
to the Treasury of the United States, and the same &hall
be paid as pie&cnted in the lawful money of the United
States," &c.
I submit, in the first place, that that clause
