THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
t'o'go into the country and readjust and settle the
services rendered by these troops. I think it
would be very dangerous indeed.
But it seems to me the Senator from Massachu-
setts is mistaken upon the question of law. When
he' read the other day the order issued by the War
Department, under which it was said certain regi-
ments in Massachusetts had been recruited, I was
inclined to thiijk he was entirely right in suppos-
ing that at thei-time that order was issued there
_yras no law wiiich distinguished between the pay
td be made to colored soldiers and the pay made
to white soldiers; and I was inclined to think he
W£ts right, and I still think he was rigrh t in saying
that there was no law then which prohibited Gov-
ernor Andrew fron5 enlisting colored troops. I
alWays thought there nevershould have been such
a law. I always thought they should be em-
plpyed wherever they could be had just as freely
as persons of any other color. 1 understand,
however, this morning that in point of fact these
troops were not enlisted at that time, nor under
the laws then existing; that they were not en-
listed until after the law of 18G2was passed, which
did discriminate between colored and white troops,
bpith as to the pay they were to receive, and as to
the services they were to render. It did not put
colored troops upon the footing of soldiers. It
was a qualified kind of service that that act con-
templated, and it was a modified pay that it pro-
vided for. So that upon the question of law I
think the Senator is mistaken m assuming that
there is any legal right vested in these men by any
previous legislation of ours to receive more than
ten dollars a month.
Upon the question of justice, it is said that as-
surances have been held out by different parties,
some acting as the agents of the different States,
Some acting as agents of the United States, none
speaking in the name of the law; that they have
given assurances here and there that a rate of pay
should be allowed which the law did not warrant,
and it is assumed that that creates a sort of equity
in favor of tfiese troops which we are bound to rec-
ognize. Now, I wish to stale one single indi-
vidual instance showing what is the action to the
Government in such eases. 1 know a man wiio
was in the employ of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, under the authority of an Indian agent,
acting as blacksmith for a tribe of Indians, and
receiving a pay of forty dollars a month. When
the second regimentof cavalry was raised in Wis-
consin he was urgently solicited by an officer who
wasreciuiting for one of the companies to enlist
in his company. He assured him tlmt he would
be put on extra work, and would be entitled to the
same pay he was then getting, to wit, forty dol-
lars a month, for extra service. The man had
some doubt about it. The officer assured him
that the fact was so, and to make him more cer-
tain lie took him to Milwaukee where the regi-
ment was then in camp, the legiment being com-
manded by Colonel, now Major Geneinl Wash-
burn. Colonel Washburn looking at the law
and at the regulations saw that fori-xtra services
blacksmiths were entitled to receive forty dolhus
a month. He overlooked the fact that the act
under which those regiments were raised autlioi-
ized the enlistment of blacksmiths at, I think, fit-
teen or sixteen dollars a month. He thoughtthat
the way to secure him forty dollars a month was to
enlist him as a blacksmith. Accordingly the man
was enlisted as a blacksmith, and sent into ser-
vice. The paymaster said at once he could only
receive the pay allowed to blacksmiths by the act,
and he could not receive the pay due for extra
services. That soldier is to-day in the second
regimentof Wisconsin cavalry, having given up
a situation under the Government in which he was
getting forty dollars a month, and he is doing
duty for, I think, fifteen dollars a month, if that
is the rate of pay allowed to blacksmiths. J
Upon the ewdence of the officer who enlisted
this man and upon the certificate of the colonel of !
the regiment stating these facts I applied to the
War Department either to give him the forty dol- !
lars a month which it was expressly stipulated I
he should have, or to discharge him from the regi- !
ment. It was referred to the gcneral-in-chief. j
The general decided that he enlisted in due form
and they could not discharge him; and they could >
not pay liim forty dollars a month, because there j
was no law authorizing it; that if any officer act- !
ing in the name of the United States or on behalf !
of the United States promised to pay him more
than the law authorized, the officer must make it
good to him, the Government would not.
That is the rule of action had in reference.to an
individual, and upon just the facts I state. Now
are we prepared to say that we shall hold the
Treasury of the United" States responsible for all
the assurances and all the guarantees and all the
promises that all the persons in the employment
of the Government see fit to make?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the cliair.) The Senator from Wisconsin will
suspend his remarks. The morning hour having
expired, the unfinished business of yesterday
comes up as the special order of the day, and by
positive rule of the Senate is now before the body
for consideration.
Mr. WILSON. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of ail other subjects, for the purpose
of going on with this joint resolution. I think
we can finish it soon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that the special or-
der will be merely laid aside informally for the
present until the chanman of the Committee on
Finance, who has charge of the bill which is the
special order, shall come in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent of the Senate the special order may be
postponed for the time being. Is there any ob-
jection? The Chair hears none. The joint res-
olution to equalize the pay of soldiers in the Uni-
ted States Army is still before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. "WILSON. If we are to stand strictly on
the law, of course we can do nothing in this case;
1 mean if we stand on the construction of the law
which holds that these men were raised under the
act of 1862, instead of the act of 1861. Some of
these regiments certainly have been raised with
the promise of their officers and of general offi-
eeis that they should have the same pay as other
troops. 1 hold in my hand a letter from Colonel
Iligginson, commanding the first South Carolina
regiment, ni which he gives an extract from the
order of General Saxton raising that regiment,
which says: "The peisons to be leceived into
the service and theii officers to be entitled to ie-
ceivo tho same pay and rations as are allowed by
law to volunteers in the service." From the 1st
day ofOctoher, 186*2, tn the 28(h day of February,
186'?, the men of this regiment received thirteen
dolluis a month; now it has been reduced to ten
dollars, and in reality they aie paid only seven
dollars, as I explained the other day. What is
said of this regiment applies to Colonel Mont-
gomery's regiment and to some other regiments,
which were paid thiiteen dollars a month for a
time and then were cut down to ten dollars. The
Government has not only done that, but it pro-
poses to go back and deduct the excess over ten
dollars which they were paid in the past.
It is evident to my mind, however, after what
has been said here this morning, that this joint
resolution is delayed by this attempt to do justice
to some ten or fifteen or twenty regiments to whom
this promise was made. I think the amendment
proposed by my colleague would not apply to
more than fifteen or twenty regiments at most,
and it would be at the discretion of the Secretary
ot War. I should be perfectly willing to trust it
in his hands. But as 1 see that I cannot get the
resolution through promptly in its present shape,
1 propose to amend it by strikingoutthat portion
which makes it retiospective, by striking out all
after the word " service" m the ninth line down
to the word "and"in the tenth line,and inserting
" fiom the 1st day ofJanuary,1864,"so that it will
read 4t as other soldiers of the regulai or volunteer
forces of the United States of like arm of the ser-
vice from and after the 1st day of January, 1864."
I propose this so as to make the law begin to
operate from the commencement of this year. It
may be that the resolution may not get through
Congress for the next two months; it may be held
up in the other House; and the gtoss injustice of
allowing these men to remain in the service per-
forming the same duty as other men without the
same compensation is apparent, I think, to every-
body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts move his amendment as
an amendment to the amendmentof his colleague,
or as an amendment to the body of the joint°res-
olution?
Mr. WILSON. To the body of the resolu-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it is not
yet in order. The pending amendment is that
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] in the form of a proviso.
Mr.CONNESS. ishouldlike toknow whether
the Senator from Massachusetts who offered that
amendment as a proviso withdraws it, or whether
he desires a vote of the Senate upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not resist the request
of my colleague, the chairman of the Military
Committee, who has this bill in charge, but I can-
not withdraw the amendment without expressing
my regret that the course of this debate seems to
render such a measure at all advisable; nor can I
withdraw it without making one word of reply
to some of the suggestions that have fallen from
Senators.
The Senator from Maryland, with that felicity
which enters into all of his arguments, has given
a glowing picture of what would ensue from this
simple act of justice. He says there would be a
very large draft upon the Treasury. He talks
about hundreds of thousands of dollars. Now,
sir, I have no reason to suppose that there will
be any such draft. I believe that if my proposi-
tion be adopted the draft will be very small. The
proposition will be applicable to only a few regi-
ments. My colleague says some fifteen regi-
ments; I doubt whether to so many as fifteen. I
therefore put aside all that eloquent portion of the
Senator's remarks. There is to be no draft on
the Treasury which the Treasury cannot bear
easily, and, when I consider the nature of our
obligations, I would almost say gratefully.
The Senator went further on grounds of law,
and he said that there was no legal obligation. I
am aware that the Secretary of War is of the
same opinion, for if there were a legal obligation
recognized at the Department under his chargc
there would be no occasion for any discussion in
this Chamber. But there are persons who differ
from the Secretary on that question. I do not
wish to obtrude my own opinion upon it, but I
have no hesitation m declaring justas confidently
as the Senator 
Mr. JOHNSON. Oh, no; I did not.
M r.SUMNER. That there is a legal obligation.
Mr. COWAN. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts allow me to ask him whether under
this act of 22d July, 1861, there is not a fair and
certain test by which to determine the"question?
The act reads: " The President be, and he is here-
by, authorized to accept the services of volunteers,
either as cavalry, infantry, or artillery, in such
numbers,"&c. Now, the question I putts whether
he has accepted these regiments under this act. If
he has, then I agiee with the Senator fom Mas-
sachusetts. If he has not, then I think there is
no question about it.
Mr. SUMNER. The answer to the inquiry
of the Senator is very easy. I do not wish to go
over the ground discussed here to-day; but the
Senator will remember that the order of the War
Department which I read made no allusion to any
statute under which they were to be enlisted, but
iL called for volunteers, " including" persons of
African descent. Such weie the terms of the or-
der under which Governor Andrew acted. The
Governor read the statute. He is a good lawyer,
in his opinion he was authorized under the stat-
ute of 1861 to enlist colored troops. He finds no
" color" in that statute. But the Senator asks,
have they been accepted?
Mr. COWAN. Did he offer them, and were
they accepted? Because if he did, then they weie
within the terms of this statute, and we should be
obliged to pay them.
Mr. SUMNER. The answer to that is this:
that they were mustered into the service as the
fifty-fourth and fifty-fifth regiments of the Mas-
sachusetts volunteers; that they have been ac-
cepted as such; that as such they have been passed
to the credit of Massachusetts; also that at the
time of then enlistment Governor Andrew assured
them that they were volunteers in the service of
the United States, enlisted under the statute of
1861; and still further that, m point of fact, the
enlistment papeis which they signed, and accord-
ing to which they weie musteied into the national
service, expressly declared that they were enlisted
undei this statute. If this benotacceptance prac-
tically, I know not what can be acceptance.
