1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. COWAN. Then we ought to pay fur them.
Mr. SUMNER. I say, therefore, wo ought to
pay for them; and this brings mc round again to
the point of law raised by the Senator from Ma-
ryland. I have no hesitation in saying that on
strictness of law we are obliged to pay those good
soldiers thirteen dollars a month; bat I am re-
minded that there is a difference of opinion on
this obligation. There are learned Senators in
this Chamber who, as the question of law, adopt
the conclusion of the War Department. How,
then, shall we proceed in order to regulate this
matter? Admitting that there is a difference on
the point of legal obligation, it seems to me reason-
able and just that, discarding this question for the
moment, we should, by a careful consideration of
facts, endeavor to arrive at a proper conclusion on
principles of justice which unhappily sometimes
differs from law.
And this again brings us to the terms of these
enlistments. Forget, if you please, the obligation
of law—although for myself I cannot forget it—
forget whether the War Department or Governor
Andrew is right in their respective interpretation
of the acts of Congress, I ask you to consider
candidly under what statutes and by what terms
these enlistments were actually made, or at least
the soldiers supposed they were made.
I have already read to the Senate the actual en-
listment papers of the Massachusetts fifty-fourth
and fifty-fifth regiments. You do not forget the
terms. What follows? Why, sir, clearly this:
that in conscience the Government is bound to
treat them as soldieis under the statute of 1861,
and to pay them accordingly. Now, I plead be-
fore the Senate thattheGovernmentshalldo what
in conscience it is bound to do. Oar present de-
lay is mischievous. This discussion is painful.
Bat the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] says
that it would be better to bring forward a distinct
measure providing for these different regiments.
Why, sir, would he have the Senate undertake
to audit all these claims? and this it must practi-
cally do if by a distinct measure it undertakes to
decide upon them. I think the Senator will not
find any such proposition practical. The propo-
sition now before the Senate is more practical, if
the Senator from Maryland will pardon mc for
using the word. It proposes to refer the whole
matter to the discretion of the Secretary of War.
lie has the means of instituting the proper inqui-
ries. He can ascertain better than anybody else,
better than anybody in this Chamber, under what
terms these soldiers were actually enlisted, and if
to his satisfaction it shall appear that, in point of
fact, when they took service they supposed that
they were soldiers under the statute of 1R61, then
it will bo his duty to pay them accordingly.
Now, sir, 1 am unwilling to occupy too much
of the time of an enlightened Senate; but it seems
to me I should do injustice to the case of these
brave and well-deserving soldiers if I did not at
least state it plainly and urge it as earnestly as I
can. In my opinion, if you set their claim aside
now you sacrifice them; you do an act of injus-
tice. I know Senators do not intend to do any
such act; but I cannot doubt that such will be the
consequence of the vote of the Senate. And I do
not think that at this time the national Govern-
ment can afford to do an act which shall have so
much as a semblance of injustice toward those
colored troops who are shedding their blood for
our cause.
Sir, I am unwilling to withdraw the proposi-
tion. I shall do it if my colleague desires it. _ At
any rate, I should rather,for my own satisfaction,
have a vote upon it. If the Senate choose to re-
ject it I shall at least have the satisfaction of hav-
ing done my duty.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make a motion
which ought to be made now. The Committee on
Finance have been further looking into the defi-
ciency bill which was under consideration yester-
day; and we have had some more deficiencies com-
ing in for our consideration this morning which
perhaps require immediate attention; and inas-
much as the specifications of deficiencies that we
had from the War Department yesterday may be
interesting to the Senate,and members may like to
see them, and 1 propose to have the bill go over
until Monday. I ask that they may be printed. I
should like to have them printed so that we may
have them on our tables on Monday morning. I j
shall not call up the bill to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
sonsent the motion of the Senator from Maine
will be entertained, and the papers presented by
him will be printed; and tW5 deficiency appropri-
ation bill, if the Chair understood the motion of
the Senator from Maine, wiH: be postponed until
Mondaynext. That order will be made, if no ob-
jection be interposed. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
MESSAGE FttOM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 11G) in relation to univer-
sity lands in Washington Territory;
-- A bill (H. R. No. ]79) concerning lands in the
State of California;
A bill (H. It. No. 228) confirming the title of
Joseph Foul to certain lands in Rice county, in
the State of Minnesota; and
A joint resolution (£1. R. No. 32) to grant ad-
ditional rooms to the Agricultural Department.
AMENDMENT OF JSNHOLLMENT BILL.
The message furtherannounccd that the House
of Representatives had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 3(3) to amend an net entitled "Anact for
enrolling and calling out the national forces, and
for other purposes," approved March 3, 18G3,
with an amendment, iu which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
On motion of Mr. WILSON,the bill and amend- (
ment were leferred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
HOUSE BILLS ItEFKRltED.
The followingbills and joint resolution from the
House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred ns indicated be-
low:
A bill (II. R.No. 116) in relation to university
lands in Washington Territory—to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
A bill (H. It. No. 179) concerning lands in the
State of California—to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill (II. R. No. 223) confirming the title of
Joseph Foul to certain lands in Rice county, in
the State of Minnesota—to the Committee on
Public Lands.
A joint resolution (TI. R. No. 32) to grant ad-
ditional rooms to the Agiicultural Department—
to the Committee on Agriculture.
PAY OF COLORED TllOOPS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution (S. No. 23) to equalize the pay of soldiers
in the United States Aimy is before the Senate
as m Committee of the Whole, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumker.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise for the purpose ofset-
ting myself right in the view of the honorable
member from Massachusetts, as well as of the
Senate itself. The Senator fiom Massachusetts
understood meus paying that the construction put
upon the act of 18G1 by the War DepAitment is
the rorrcct construction. I have not said a word
about that act. I have not looked into the act of
1861.
Mr. SCJMNER. I understood the Senator to
assume that. I know that the Senator did not go
into any statement of his own opinion on that
point.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not examined it,but
; I act upon thatassumptionfiom what is presented
here.
i Now, a word or two more. The member Aom
Massachusetts tolls us thnf there will*bc no heavy
draft upon the Treasury by the passage of this
I bill, becnure the effect ofthe proviso will apply to
: but a portion of these ieguuents,six, orseven,or
j ten, or whatever may be the number; that thcre-
! fore the sum taken from the Treasury will be com-
! parattvely very small. If the amendmentshould
I prevail and become a law, all that will be paid wiii
i be the amount due to those particular regiments.
| I suppose it will be one or two hundred thousand
! dollars at least.
| The legmionts that have been recruitcd in Ma-
ryland, and those that have been recruited in
Ohio, or in Tennessee, or anywhere else, had no
such assurance held out to them, and they can
get nothing under the provisions of your contem-
plated law. Suppose they come here afterwards,
or suppose that we the representatives of the§e
several States rise up after you have passed this
law and say, If your coloi*ed men ought to re-
ceive thirteen dollars a month'because they were
told so, ought not our men receive it? Are
they not risking their lives and shedding their
blood in defense of the country, fighting for the
same object, running the same peril ? Why will
you pay Massachusetts soldiers thirteen dollars a
month and pay Maryland and Ohio and Ken-
tucky soldiers only ten dollars a month ? The
reason that would be given in such a case is that,
as far as those regiments were concerned, the
Governor of Massachusetts told them they were
to get thirteen dollars a month, and the regiments
raised in other States to be provided for by this
bill were told by somebody—the Lord only
knows who—that they would get thirteen dollars
a month. They are to get this money; but our
people who knew what the law was, and who
were not dishonest in representing it to be what
it was not—-I do not mean by that to include the
Governor of Massachusetts; I*have no doubt he
was under the impression under which he has
acted—because our people have not held out such
representations, our men are not to be paid the
money. I should say, in point of justice, in
point (if my friend from Massachusetts prefers it)
of sentiment, the moment his troops get thirteen
dollars a month, why ought not ours to get thir-
teen dollars a month? How is he goin^to resist
it? Not by saying that the black man in Mary-
land is not as good as the black man in Massa-
chusetts; because the theory of my honorable
friend from Massachusetts is that the black man
everywhere is just as good as the white man.
Mr. SUMNER1. All men are born free and
equal.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly, and just as good
as the white man. He has not gone, I believe,
to the extent of stating it in a different form of ex-
pression by saying that the white man is no bet-
ter than the negro.
Now, ifonr black men are asgood as his black
men, why should they not get this money? I
should insist upon it, if the Treasury would bear
the infliction, that if you pay the colored soldiers
of Massachusetts thirteen dollars a month, those
of Mary land must be paid thirteen dollars a month,
ami those of Ohio and ofTennessee must be paid,
so that it shall operate in favor of all, and then it
will take out of the Treasury eight or nine hun-
dred thousand dollars, or, as I understand, a mil-
lion or a million and a half.
My friend from Massachusetts is not accom-
plishing his object by this amendment. He is not
getting at the justice which he says belongs to the
case. Hesays,andhesupportsbyhisopinion the
opinion antecedently expressed by his Governor,
that under the act of 1861 the.se men are entitled
to it, and that they are in the service under that
act. That is his view of it; and ho considers it
disreputable to the United States after these men
have come into the service of the United States
and have been acting on this promise of thirteen
dollars a month, on any technical ground to re-
fuse to give it. If it be true that they are ill un-
der the act of 1861, upon what ground of morality
—if iie will peimit me so to put the question—is
it that he undertakes to distinguish in favor of his
men from our men, when our men are all, if his
men are, under the act of 1861?
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator wish an an-
swer ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not understand that all
are under the act of 18U1. 1 understand some
come in under the act of 18(31 and some under the
act of 1862.
II Mr. JOHNSON. They were all mustered un-
'i der the act of 1662. They are all just as much
j! under the act of 1861 as any portion of them, ex-
1 cept wo admit that because certain of" them are
j! told, without authority, that they are to come
j1 in under the art of 1861 they are in under that
'j act. Tljat was not the construction given by the
I Department.
j Mr. GRIMES. Their muster-roll was dated
II March 3. 1^63.
