1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Freedmen's Affairs—Mr. Knaftp.
Ho. 05? Eep6,
Government." I think, notwithstanding the at-
tractive name given by thegentleman Lo this sys-
tem, it will not be difficult to perceive what will b<e
the real situation occupied by these freedmen to
the Government; that no one will be deceived by
the name of the parental relation sought to be at-
tached to it.
In preparing this bill it seems to me that.thc
gentleman lias drawn from his thorough and ex-
tensive knowledge of the old feudal system I
have referred to, which prevailed in England and
throughout Europe generally many centuries ago,
and upon which we supposed eight hundred years
had made some improvement. The merest cas-
ual examination will show the similitude between
the old, exploded system and the one contained
in this bill. In the first case, upon the conquer-
ing of a nation and occupying its territory, the
lands of the subjugated people were granted to
and subdivided among the victorious soldiers, to
be held as fiefs upon certain tenures and services
tobc performed by the vassal. Each petty chief-
tain then pursued the same course with his share,
by dividing it among his own personal retainers.
Such seems to be the principle upon which this
bill is based. The services these vassals are to ren-
der do not so clearly appear, but the " rulps and
regulations" can easily remedy this deficiency;
and if, as I suppose to be the fact, these people are
to be made citizens, it will not be difficult to imagine
what these services will be.
I suggest to the gentleman that in the olden
time, before the rights and duties of the parties
were fully established, a ceremony took place
called investiture, which 1 do not see provided for
in the bill, but doubtless the " rules" will arrange
that. Ihopc if this bill is passed and it becomes
a law some such gentleman as my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] may be appointed a
. commissioner, and will see that all these people
go through with this ceremony of investiture, a
description of which I will read from Blackstone:
" Decides an oath of fealty or piofc siort of faith to the
lord, which was the parent of our oath of aliogiunco, the
va-^al or tenant, upon investiture, (ltd usually homage to hi*
Soid ; openly and humbly kneeling, being ungnt, uneoveied,
and holding up Ins hands, both together, between those of
the lotd, who sat before Inm; and tiiete ptotessing that' lie
did become ius man, fiout that day foith, of h(c and limb
ati'l earthly hoiioi,' and then he received a ki&s from his
lord."
I trust some gentleman like my colleague upon
this committee who is familiar with the whole
operation of this system, whose philanthropic
scruples and high Christian sentiments will not
in the least prevent him from bestowing upon these
people this sweet and touching token of the re-
ception of their allegiance, may be appointed, and
that when the lands are allotted, when these
"treed children of oppression" shall be assigned
the places intended for them, that he then may
receive at their hands the pledge of their faithful-
ness, and in return signify in the manner of the
olden time his acceptance of the fealty.
It would be a scene some gentlemen around
me say they would like to look upon; doubtless
they would, and they well may be ptudoned for
the desire, for it would bo one not-often afforded
to the enraptured vision in these degenerate and !
practical days. |
i here have been great events in the pa-st handed ;
down to us in the sculptured marble and upon the [
speaking canvas, which touch our hearts and |
appeal to all the loftier and holier feelings of our i
fallen nature. "YVcneverlookupon the represent- 1
ations without emotion, or turn from them with- !
out regret.
May I be pardoned, Mr. Speaker, if I attempt
to dimly shado w forth the leading features of this
lovely scene as it presents itself to my mind's eye,
in order that some coming Rubens or Raphael,
possibly of African descent, may seize the ma«;ic
brush and transfer to the jiving, glowing canvas
a faint delineation of a ceremony resurrected from
the past, by men whose name and deeds were never
born to die.
First, of course, in point of importance, the cen-
tral figure of the picture, we see the dapper form
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, seated in
awful majesty, a calm, placid smile breaking
brightly over his fine countenance; over his head
th? 'uMiiMiit palm and beautiful magnolia spread
theM gi.icfui foliage, temixning the fierce light
of the "garish sun" and creating a shade which
finely assimilates with the more dusky colors of
the remain ing actors and harmonizes sweetly with
the whole. Then comes the long-drawn ranks of
eager vassals crowding to the mercy-seat, all
swelling the magnificent chorus, until the vaulted
arch above gives back the joyful strain—
" The day of jubilee hab come,
Glory ilallcJnjarum."
Next in the prominent foreground we perceive
"one of the children" whose efforts have been
rewarded by attaining to the dread presence, and
now, ungirt, uncovered, and litimbly kneeling, his
hands clasped between the fraternal palms of my
friend, he acknowledges himself his man of life
and limb and earthly honor. With rare appre-
ciation and delicate tact, the artist has chosen the
moment when the " homctgium" on the part of the
vassal has been performed, and, bending low,
the icpresentative of the parent bestows the kiss
which seals the compact. Close by, and tvith
anxiety depicted in every lineament of their classic
countenances, will be noticed many a shy maiden,
radiant in her dusky loveliness, and inwardly
cursing the sex which thus debars her from en-
joying then the ecstatic treat. Perfect bliss seems
to be tiie portion of all, (" except as aforesaid,")
and, amid such delights as I have feebly portrayed,
the now jubilant disinthralled no longer sigh for
the times
" When toiling at the line,"
they
" Boast their golden sand and paliny wine."
But, Mr. Speaker, I can no longer dwell upon
an ideal scene, winch I trust will be perpetuated
by the hand of genius, so that coming millions
may gaze with rapture upon the affecting sight,
and who, overpowered with emotion, will alter-
nately admire the skill of the artist and the felici-
tous choice lie has made of a subject.
But, seriously, I propose to inquire now into
some of the objections to this bill. In the first
place, I ask my friend when is this system to
end? In whatdistantpeiiodof future lime is this
system of vassalage upon the one part and of
lordship on the other to terminate? Instituted
to take care of the negro, I suppose the fair infer-
ence will be that it is to terminate when the negro
is able to take care of himself. I state the prop-
osition fauly, and I would like to inquire when
that will be? It is not given to human intellect
to perceive, it is not within the province of human
knowledge to decide, when this thing is to cease.
We are taught, and I believe the doctrine is
sound, that all things earthly will have an end;
it is said that the "firmament's length will one
day be diawn back like a scroll." We may, then,
at least safely conclude that when this grand finale
comes this system will not survive the general
consummation. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, why should the Government do this
atall? Itis a pertinent question. Why should the
Government undertake this vast job? Whence
comes the power to do this?
I design calling the attention of the House to
the argument of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts upon this point. 1 presume that no gentleman
here will deny the fact that the Congress of the
United States is a body of limited and delegated
powers, and unless within some of those delegated
poweis in the Constitution you find authority or
warrant for the exercise of this particular power,
you cannot exercise it at all. The gentleman thus
states our right to pass this measure:
1. By the Constitution the President is made
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of
the United States; that therefore in time of war all
the powers which pertain to any such commander
are possessed by him; that this rebellion having
called into being these powers, among which is
that of liberating slaves, and this power having
been exeicised by the Piesident, there follows
with the exorcise of the power the duty of pro-
tection to those over whom it has been thus exer-
cised, and such protection cannot be given without
the action of Congress.
2. Congress has power to declare war and to
make rules concerning captures on land; that
this people as captives of war become piopersub-
jects of legislation.
3. Congiess lias power to make rules for the
government and regulations of the land and naval
forces; that legislation has become necessary anil
laws have been passed to regulate the conduct of
the Army regarding slaves; that these laws will
be imperfect unless further legislation is had, a fid
hence the necessity for this measure.
4- The President, as Commander-in-Chief, has
a right to issue all proclamations recognized by
the laws of war as being within the province of
military commanders, addressed to the publib
enemy; that the faith of the nation is pledged
to make good nil such proclamations, and there-
fore , to carry into effect the proclamation made in
reference to these people, this legislation is re-
quired.
This is a fair statement of the argument of the
fjentleman as to whence we derive our power to
itsten upon the country this stupendous system.
1 will exarpine it in detail in a moment; but be-
fore doing so I want to say a word in reference
to what fell from the gentleman in commenting
upon the report of the minority of the committee,
and what was said in that report concerning the
want of power to pass this bill.
The argument of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. KAiBTLEiscH,] whose report I signed, the
gentleman says is a very insignificant constitu-
tional argument. I did not think myself that "it
was a very elaborate one. I do not myself pro-
pose to occupy the time of the House to-day by-
attempting to make such an one. Why? Be-
cause I do not conceiye it to be within the p'ower
of mortal man to make an argument on the Con-
stitution of the United States when the subject of
it runs counter to the wishes, intentions, and de-
signs of the party upon the opposite side of thie
House, which would, in the least, affect their ac-
tion. Evenif an interpretation of that instrument
could be delivered to this nation to-day of as high
a character and among solemnities equal to those
by which the original law was delivered from
Mount Sinai to the chosen leaders of the Israel-
ites, I doubt whether such an interpretation wouid
affect the action of men who are determined upori
a particular line of policy. It has been reserved
for this Congress to hear a member from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Boutwell] describe Judge Story
as nothing but" a second-rate lawyer." He said
this of a gentleman whom, I had supposed, stood
at the head of the American bar; a gentleman
whose legal opinions are quoted in Westminster
Hall with approbation; one whose decisions and
ideas on constitutional law will, I presume, live
quite as long as those of the gentleman by whom
that statement was uttered. I do not know Tbut
what Mr. Madison may have been esteemed as a
constitutional authority in his day. I certainly,
with my limited knowledge of what he wrote arid
what ho was, suppose that he, to some extent,
understood the intent, design, and scope of that
instrument, in whose formation he took so prom-
inent a part,, I heard the other day, in an argu-
ment in relation to the confiscation of property,
his name, not precisely brought into disrepute,
but I certainly heard his views very cavalierly
treated—treated with contempt as coming'from a
man who was not qualified either by intellect or*
knowledge to judge of the subject. What light,
then, can one of the humblest members nf this
House expect to throw upon this question, when
the recorded opinions of the great minds whosfe"
lives adorn the page of American history, whose
master intellects have illumined the paths they
trod, are regarded as of insignificant authority'
by the intellectual giants upon this floor, whose'
luminous disquisitions have doubtless often exf-
eited the wonderand admiration of a court of coun-
try justices of the peace; even when the language-
used will admit of no doubt, and construction
cannot be at fault, then comes in some gentleman,
like my philological friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Orth,] and shows that the language used is a
clear mistake, and intended to be something else.
I propose,therefore, to examine merely the ar-
gument which my fiiend makes without submit-
ting any myself. In regard to this war power of
the President, I admit that the Constitution makes
him Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy
of the United States. The powers which ilius de-
volve on him as such Commaiider-in-Chii f aie iri
nowise conferred upon him by the Constitution of
the United States. They result to him from the"
fact of the position which the Constitution confers'
