m
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Freedmen's Affairs—Mr. Knapp.
Ho. of Eeps.
and from no powers emanating from the Consti-
tution itself. The Constitution, then, makes him
Commander-in-Chief. What are the powers he
has from that fact? They are those which the
laws of war, as sanctioned and provided by na-
tions, confer upon every commander-in-chief of
an army in the field. But to say that in the ex-
ercise of those powers lie may emancipate slaves
is to run counter to ail history. Under the lead
of a distinguished Massachusetts statesman years
ago, (Mr. Adams,) this Government made the
Government of Great Britain pay for the exercise
of just such powers as these by its general in com-
mand in the State of Virginia during the lust war.
But suppose the President, in the exercise of a
rightful power as Commander-in-Chief to eman-
cipate slaves,, has exercised that power, then does
K follow that the nation should take upon itself
the charge of supporting the persons thus made
free? The gentleman upon this point says; "It
then becomes our duty to see that they are pro-
tected. " Protected from what? It might be to
protect them from being1 again enslaved; but it
certainly does not then follow that we are to in-
augurate a system which seeks to control and
direct their every-day action, to rcccive the pro-
ceeds of their labor, and out of it defray the
charge of their support and supervision.
The chaiimnnof the committee traces this
power again to that clause of the Constitution
which confers on Congress power to declare war
and to make jules and regulations concerning
captures on land. Why, str, that has no rele-
vancy whatever to the question of providing for
the support and maintenance of four million hu-
man beings. So forcod a construction of so plain
a thing was never, )n my judgment, attempted
before. 'During the Mexican war the army under
General Scott captured the city of Mexico. That
involved the surrender to tho ocrupying ai my not
only of the city, but the persons oft ho citizens, but
did the Government of the United States become
thereby responsible for the maintenance and sup-
port of the citizens of Mexico? Does any Gov-
ernment over become responsible, on the occupa-
tion of a country or on the capture of a city, for
the supportofevery person within its boundaries,
or the direction of their every-day labor? Noth-
ing is clearer than that no such power results
from any such operations having taken place.
Again, tho gentleman deduces this power from
the clause of the Constitution which says that
Congress shall have power to make rules and reg-
ulations for the government of the land and naval
forces of the United States. Congress has such
power, and has enacted rules and regulations
called the Articles of War. When that is done,
when the rules and articles of war are adopted,
that power is exhausted. If, in the judgment of
Congress, that power has not been wisely exer-
cised, Congress has authority to reexamine it. It
has power to reenact other and differentrules for
the government of the land and naval foices. Rut
to deduce fiom that t he power to establish this sys-
tem of vassalage on the one hand and of patron-
age on the other, is something which could never
have entered the brain of any reasonable man.
My friend from Massachusetts can produce no
book, unless ho wrote the book himself, in which
such mi authority is laid down.
The Piesident as Commander-in-Chief has the
power, says the gentleman, to issue all procla-
mationH that he deems necessary. I suppose he
has, and I doubt whether such a power was ever
exercised more thoroughly than it has been by the
present President of the United States. But sup-
pose the President has the power to issue proc-
lamations addressed to the public enemy, what
then? Then, says the gentleman, the nation is
pledged to carry into effect these proclamations.
The Piesidentdeclares that these people are free.
Therefore the burden is cast upon us of super-
vising tho labor, caring for, and supporting these
people mail tune to come. I submit respectfully
to the judgment of the House and of my friend
from Massachusetts that human ingenuity can no
further go than the deducing of such power from
such premises or such expressions m the Consti-
tution. Thai, is the sum and substance of the con-
stitutional argument on the question as presented
by the chairman of tho committee. Seeing him-
self the weak news of the foundation upon which
he has raised such a superstructure, the gentle-
man enunciates boldly his determination to do
this whether the power exists or not. What does
he say after concluding his constitutional argu-
ment and perceiving, as he must, its utter worth-
lessness? I quote his words:
" But if all proclamations wore wrong and all laws were
without constitutional support which have sought to liber-
ate the slaves of enemies, still the rebellion itself lias freed
tiiciu, and tiiey are subjects of our charge. We must pro-
tect them or be faithless in our office."
No comments of mine can show more clearly
than the above statement does the entire want of
power to pass this bill. In another part of his
speech, not being able to drive from his mind the
conviction that this question of our want of au-
thority to enact such laws will be a serious im-
pediment in the way of his measure, he says:
"Sir, we had no right to decree freedom and not guar-
anty safe guidance and protection. It does not meet the
c;lse to say we had no right to free them, and therefore we
wilimot act."
A few sentences further on he resumes thus:
"Concede it was wrong, wlmt then? Shall the Govern-
ment support them? They must do so in some way, with
Jaw 01 without law.'5
He admits the difficulty of the attempt, but in-
sists nevertheless upon our undertaking a task so
fraught with difficulties and for which our sole
warrant springs from the claim of charity.
If there is any duty on the part of the Govern-
ment to support these persons who have been
rendered destitute by the operation of this war, I
ask why not support all the bruised and maimed
men, the thousands and tens, of thousands of
widows, and the still larger number of orphans
left without the protection of a father? If any
objects which appeal to the chanty of the Gov-
ernment are piesented, I ask why not present the
claims of these persons ! Why not support the
widows and orphans which this war has made?
Why not support the offspring of those brave men
who have laid down their lives in defense of what
you call free institutions? If this bill is to be put
upon tho ground of charity, I ask that charity
shall begin at home and first be extended to those
who have made such sacrifices at the call of the
country and its authorities. I hope I am not insen-
sible to the claims which present themselvesunder
this attractive garb, and when they are sought to
be made tho basis of legislation, turning this Gov-
ernment into a vast eleemosynary institution, I
shall claim my right to decide who shall becomc
the recipients of so magnificent a provision, and
with every sympathy of my nature in favor of
those of my own race. If you take the negro for
a soldier and enroll him in the armies of the Re-
public, then treat him as you do other soldiers;
pay him what you agree to, and out of hts pay
let him provide forthe wants of his family. That
is all you can do. ft is impossible for the Gov-
ernment to make good to every one all the losses
which may be sustained by reason of this war.
( concede that. You have to act in this matter
upon broad, geneial principles, seeking to do the
same equal and exact justice to all. When you
have paid the soldier a fair sum for his services,
agreed upon between you, and provided for his
wants as far as you are able by pensions, you
have done all you can do. If you insist upon
using the negro as a soldier, do for him'if you
please the same as you do for any other soldier,
but why make such special and extraotdinary
provision for him and his family, when you even
attempt nothing like it for the men of you own
race who have periled life and limb in your de-
fense? No one will question the humanity of the
Government when we place these negroes upon j
the same footing with white soldiers for the same {
service. I
Now, let us inquire why the Government should ;
not do this thing. That is as important as why
they should. My first objection is that it inter-
feres with the exclusive tights of the States them-
selves over their own people. In the first place,
youemploya hostof officers unlimited in number
by the terms of the bill. You increase the number
of officers comingdirectly in collision with the au«
thoi i tics of the several States. It creates in all such
States a number of Federal officers whose duties
and powers affect the person ot the inhabitant or
citizen, if I may use the term, of the State. By
this bill you operate directly upon that citizen, ,
upon his every action. You control his wages
and his labor, and in the meanest manner you
seek to guide and direct his actions as a special
protege or ward of the Federal Government. If
there is any powerclearlvand Exclusively within
the province of the several States, u is that to con-
trol and direct the social relations of their inhab-
itaats. If the people of any State should be so
unfortunate as to suffer from pestilence, famine,
or the many calamities which have been visited
upon the human race in al! ages and climes, will
it be pretended that the Federal Congress can take
any such afflicted people under their charge and
provide for their support? It is undoubtedly with-
in the power of their State Legislature to make
any provision for their relief which their ability
will admit. They exercise original powers of
sovereignty—we only those delegated to us.
Why-depart from the recommendations of the
President upon this subject? He has given this
matter his attention; and in his message to us at
the opening of this session thus alludes to this
class of people and their necessities:
"The proposed acquiescence of the national Executive
in any reasonable temporary State arrangement for tiie freed
people is made with the view of possibly modifying the
confusion and destitution which must, at best, attend all
classes by a total revolution of labor throughout whole
States."
And again, in reference to these same persons
and their condition, in his proclamation attached
to his message, he says:
"And I do further proclaim, declare, and make known
that any provision which may ho adopted by any <.uch State
government in relation to the fieed people of hitch State,
winch shall recognize and declare their permanent fiec-
dom, provide for tiioir education, nnd which may yet bo
consistent, as a temporary arrangement, with their present
condition as a laboring, landless, and homeles-s clasy, will
not be objected to by tin; national Executive."
Nowhere in his message does he even hint that
it is our duty to undertake the management of '
the domestic affairs of these freedmen, but in
every allusion to the subjectitisexpressly in ref-
erence to State action, and State action alone. He
simply proposes to approve any action of a State
government, upon certain conditions being recog-
nized, which looks to the employment of these
people, with a view to th< ir own benefit and to
prevent the confusion and difficulties which he
recognizes as inseparable from the change in their
personal status.
I merely cite, Mr. Speaker, the suggestions of
the President as showing the views entertained
upon these questions by him, and to which he has
undoubtedly given some time and attention. I do
not cite them as an authority particularly binding
upon anyone, knowing, as I well do, that upon
most of the questions connected with the negro he
has been Chased from the transcendent position
he once occupied in the Republican synagogue.
There can be no doubt, then, I submit, that the
States are the proper authoiity to take charge of
the matters embraced in this bill, and act in tho
premises as their judgment may warrant. It is
to them,and to them alone, belongs the right and
power to determine in what manner shall be mit-
igated the evils arising from any system of pau-
perism from any cause within their limits. My
friend from Massachusetts thinks differently, and
says U is the duty of the Government to lead these
people quietly through the wilderness into the
land of promise. I recognize the scriptuial allu-
sion which the gentleman makes; but let me tell
him I think the duties of this Government, as es-
tablished by this bill, in leading these people into
-the land of promise, will be similar to those which
the omnipotent Jehovah discharged to that chosen
peopleof his whom he was leading into a similar
declared land. That consisted, to a very great
extent, in furnishing them with manna, and, for
variety,an occasional supplyof quails. The duty
of this Government, by this bill, will be about the
same. It is to furnish them with bread to eat and
with clothing to wear, they to return to us the pro-
duct of their toilforthebenefitof theGovornment.
Another objection I have is that this bill cieates
a body of office-holders within the various States,
to hold their appointment directly from the Pres-
ident of the United States. It matters not to me
who occupies that exalted position; it matters not
to me whether he is or is not of the political faith
in which I have been raised. The objection would
apply with just as much force if I subscribed to
