2658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
Mr. JOHNSON* I cannot make myself under-
stood. I know they are not described by this
section of the "bill as it stands, and are therefore
only taxed by the one hundred and third section,
which appears on pa^es 156 and 157; but as the
Senator from New York proposes to amend by
striking out the one hundred and second section
as it stands, and proposes an amendment in re-
lation to common carriers, he includes express
companies, because he applies it to all companies
who own the vehicles in which they carry freight,
and as I have just stated that is the case with
'most of the express companies as legards the cars
w.hich they run upon the railroads. They pay
the railroads for the privilege of running their
cSrs, but the cars themselves are theirs. "
Mr. PESSENDEN. The Senator can say
" except express companies."
Mr. JOHNSON. " Exceptexriress companies
as included in the next section."
Mr. HARRIS. 1 had proposed myself to
amend the next section so as to make the duty
upon express companies the same, two and a
half per cent., as upon other common carriers.
It seems to me there is no difficulty about that.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is all I want to guard
against, and that I am sure is the purpose of the
Senator, because it is just in itself that they should
not be taxed twice.
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ma-
ryland will allow me, I will suggest to him to
amend this amendment so as to have a tax of two
and une half per cent, on all common carriers upon
whom no duty is assessed by any other provision
of this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to suggest such
ft modification to the honorable mover.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will remark that for one
reason that may seem unimportant to Senators,
it is' better to leave the provision in two sections.
There are many references in this bill to such and
such a section of the bill, and any derangement
of the^ sections may produce embariassment.
Therefore it is as well to have two sections, one
in regard to common carriers, the other in regard
to express companies.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I have no objection to;
but i do not want express companies taxed twice.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Is the Senator as a lawyer
apprehensive that if we should adopt the amend-
ment and then leave the next section as it stands,
the result would be to put five and one half per
cent, on expires companies, two and one half per
cent, by this amendment and three per cent, by
the next section
Mr. JOHNSON. I am afraid of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Under no possible con-
struction could it be done, because the two arc dis-
tinguished by the act; but the Senator can reach
it very well by simply saying "except express
companies."
Mr. JOHNSON. That is what 1 propose. If
■we are about to adopt the amendment proposed
by the honorable member from New York, I will
make,again a suggestion that 1 made some days
ago in relation to this subject, and 1 think the pro-
priety of the change which I am about to state
will address itself at once to the Senate. By the
section as it now stands and as it will stand if it
should be amended us proposed by the honorable
member from New York, you tax steamboats
two and a halt per cent, on their gross proceeds.
There is a line of steamboats—and that is the
ease in other sections than in the section to which
I am about to refer—that runs from Baltimoie to
Philadelphia and to Now York by the inland
water route. They go through the Chesapeake
and Delaware canal and through the Delaware
and Raritan canal, and they have to pay forgo-
ing through each of those canals the tolls which
those canal companies are authorized to charge
and do charge. They pay, therefore, say in the
course of a year in running to Philadelphia—it
is much larger than the sum lam about to state,
I am sure—several thousand dollars to the Cbesa-
peake and Delaware canal; but before they pay
it and as the fund with which they pay it, they
receive it from their customers. A man who
wants his goods carried from Baltimore to Phil-
adelphia or from Philadelphia to Baltimore, and
in the same way as between New York and'Bal-
timore, and Philadelphia and New York, has to
pay a sum made up of what the steamboat owner
ought to receive and is to keep as profit fcfr his
own investment in his own boats and for his own
disbursement, and in addition the amount that
the owner has to pay to the canals through which
his boat has to pass. He gets, therefore, from
his customerwhen he leaves NewYork or where
ever the money is paid, a sum made up of these
two items, his own charge proper and a sum in
addition to his own charge proper which he wants
in order to meet -the expense of going through
the canal. It is true that that ought to be taxed
in some form or other; but if you tax the owners
of the boats upon their gross receipts, you tax in
part what they pay to the canal proprietors, and
then you have in another portion of the bill a tax
upon the gross receipts of the canal, so that if
the canal receives in the course of ayear$l00,000
from these steamboat owners you tax two and a
half per cent, upon that §100,000 as against the
steamboat owners and you tax the same §100,000
os against the proprietors of the canal, which is
obviously a double tax. I had intended when
the proper time should arrive—and it is not im-
proper to suggest it now—to add to the section of
the bill which contains the tax this proviso:
Provided, That steamers traversing canalsin whole or in
part, shall be allowed a deduction in the return of their
gross receipts of such sum as maybe paid bytliem for toll.
It seems to me that would be proper, because
supposing now that they pay in toll one half of the
gross receipts which come into their possession,
your tax upon them of two and a half per cent,
upon gross proceeds is virtually a tax upon them
of five per cent, upon what belongs to them, and
if you tax the canal proprietors two and a half
per cent, on that half which they receive, you
levy a tax of five per cent, upon that sum, which
would seem to be unjust.
Tiie injustice, if it be unjust, (and I think it is
not what the Senate designs to do,) may be avoid-
ed by authorizing the companies whose steam-
boats go through f.he canals, and have to pay toll,
to be'allowed a deduction out of their gross re-
ceipts, of the amount which they may have to pay
m the way of toll.
Mr. POMEROY, I like a portion of this amend-
ment of the Senator from New York, but I think
there are Koine portions of it that should be
changed.- It ought to be remarked that not all
expresses are express companies. There are only
perhaps five large express companies, and yet
there are in this country nearly five hundred ex-
presses. There arc said to be four hundred and
fifty expresses in this country and only a very
few express companies, and this provision bears
equally and hard on those small expresses that
run for the accommodation of our people out of
the cities a little way, and in the cities carry pack-
ages for the accommodation of persons who pur-
chase goods. While 1 think the express com-
panies can bear a tax, and perhaps a large tax, it
would be very heavy on these small expresses, and
these small expresses outnumber the express com-
panies as one to one hundred.
Again, there is in thin amendmentof the Sena-
tor from New Yoik two and a half per cent, tax
upon the gross receipts of all the stage companies.
In the old States stage companies have passed
away; staging is done away with pretty much;
but in the new States stage-coaches are quite an
institution. Senators are aware that all the mails
are contracted to be earned under whatare called
star bids; that is, the contractors can carry the
mails without having stage coaches for passen-
gers, but the people in the community insist in
almost nil instances that those who get a contract
to carry the mail under a star bid shall carry it
in coaches; and they influence them in various
ways to put on coaches. Under this amendment
of the Senator from New York the receipts of
coaches for carrying passengers are to be taxed
two and a half per cent., which will discourage
the putting on of coaches, and in the new States
in some instances perhaps will entirely destroy
them.
Then in the thiid place there is a large stage
interest that runs across the continent called "the
overland stage." Two and a half per cent, on
the gross receipts of that company, of course,
would be very large. That is particularly ob-
jectionable at this time, because they are carrying
that mail at a most enormous expense. Ihey
have to do their business in the western part of
the country on a gold basis, and are receiving for
compensation the currency of the country, which
isvery far depreciated belowgold. Then, again,
to support their stages, they are paying a most
fabulous price now in the vicinity of the Rocky
mountains in consequence of the great immigra-
tion there to the mines; they are paying more
than ten dollars a-bushel for oats and corn, and
to put on the gross receipts of such a company
as that two and a half per cent, would be most
onerous and burdensome. But 1 do not care so
muchf for that company as for the new States
where we are trying to induce those who carry
the mails to carry them in coaches for the accom-
modation of the peonle. The influence of this
tax will be to drive tBe coaches off, and the con*
tractors can carry the mails under star bids on
horseback or mules. If they do that, the com-
munity will get none of the benefits of having
coaches. I suppose the Senators from the old
States where they have got through using coaches,
perhaps will see no point in this.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest to the gentleman
that in the town in which I live we have thirty
coaches a week out and in.
Mr. POMEROY. In States where the roads
are well made and where there is a regular estab-
lished coach business, where it is notstarting the
thing anew, the stage-coaches may bear this ex-
tra tax; but in a new country where the popula-
tion is so sparse that it is almost impossible to
support a stage-coach, and where they have the
right to carry the mail on the back of a mule, it
will drive off the coaches entirely, and that will
be a great inconvenience to our people.
Mr. GRIMES. There may be some companies
in the State of Kansas that may be driven out,
but I have never come across any such in that
portion of the West which I have known, so far
as my experience for about thirty years in staging
has gone, and I have doneagood deal of it in that
time. They charge amply sufficient to afford to
pay this percentage, and will be only inclined to
add the percentage to the'amount they have here-
tofore charged. I do not know a reason why
stage companies should not pay their proportion
of the revenue in this shape just as well as any
other companies, just as well as railroad compa-
nies. Every other class of the community is com-
pelled to pay its proportion.
Mr. POMEROY. I have been through the
State of Iowa two or three times in stage-coaches,
and I confess I think they can stand a tax there
very well.
Mr. GRIMES. One of them is one of the rich-
est companies and one of the most profitable com-
panies in the world. I think they can afford to
pay taxes as well as other people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish simply to say in
regard to this amendment offered by the honor-
able Senator from New York that I believe with
him, that if adopted it will add a very consider-
able sum to the revenue—how much I do not
know—and as I do not see anything wrong about
it, 1 am rather under obligations to him for pro-
posing the amendment. At any rate I do not see
any such objections as would induce me to op-
pose it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I feel obliged again to bring
to the attention of the Senate my constituents
who are engaged in the manufacture of leather
mittens 
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask the Senator
if he does not propose to make a motion in refer-
ence to the next section, concerning the express
companies.
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir; I will first attend to
that. In section one hundred and three, I move
to strike out " three" in line three and to insert
" two and a half."
Mr. SUMNER. I venture to suggest to my
friend from New York, while he is engaged in
amending that section, to go still further and to
decrease the tax to two per cent., which is what
it was in the last act. The Senator is aware that
the income tax in the bill now under consider-
ation, applicable to express companies, is in-
creased. By the clause under consideration it is
proposed also to increase the direct tax upon ex-
press companies. The communications that I
receive from my part of the country go to show
that the business cannot bear this increased tax,
being a double increase, first on the income, and
secondly on this direct tax. I would suggorjt,
