1682
THIT CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I object to any amend-
ment beinss r>ff"i'ed to the bill.
Mr. FENTON. Does the gentleman object to
having the amendment I propose read?
Mr?J.C. ALLEN. The objection came from
that side of the House to any.amendment being
offered or read,and 1 propose to assist him m en-
forcing his ohj. ction.
The SPEAKER. The question will then be
upon seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Upon a division of the House, 54 voted in the
affirmative, and G5 in the negative.
Mr. HOOPER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Hooper and
Brooks were appointed.
The House again divided; arid the tellers re-
ported—ayes 55, noes 70.
So the pievious question was nof^seconded.
Mr. FENTON. What is the pending question ?
The SPEAKER. The pending question is oil
the motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
to amend the bill by sinking: out the words " real
and,'* at the suggestion oi the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. FENTON, Upon that amendment I de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 55, noes 69.
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 desire to know whether
it would be in older if the amendment is adopted
to go bock to the first section ?
The SPEAKER. The whole bill is open to
amendment. The bill is not taken up by sec-
tionsas in Committee of the Whole; but when an
amendment is offered, no proposition can be en-
tertained as an amendment to the amendment,
unless it is pertinent to that amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ottlered to be put.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. FEC^l'ON. I now, Mr. Speaker, offer the
following amendment to the forty-first section.
Mr. WILSON, i desire to offer an amend-
ment to the bit! before we reach that section.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is upon the iloor, and is entitled to offer his
amendment.
Mr. FENTON moved to amend in the forty-
first section by striking out nil after the word
" act," in I he ninth line, to the end of the section,
as follows:
And every organization under this act phull pay to the
Trc.ii.nrerof tiio"United t-tates a July ot one pel cent, each
ball \ear, Unm mni nliei the 1-t d.tv ot' Apul, nt liie veat
ltxi-1,"llpon the itiumtiiiiui amount ol their circulatm;notes
duiinu the my month:.; and in del,lull el Hich jminent the
Tic.iMlierol'the I'm toil Stilt es i^ hereby an I hon/.<'(! to retain
one per cut. ot'thi ainnuntol bond - icqtnredlo he deposited
s'-earny lor ^ueli eit euintu "i ntcaeh villi-.tin null pa wnent
ofille mtere.-t then on; ami Mich dulj ami the taxe^ ordains
imposed hy Coiiarc-- lioin nine to lime_-.li.tll be in Ilea <it nil
oilier taxes on such asocial ion-,: Froi-ii/eJ, That no! h'nil in
tills net shall ill' con^lnied K) pieveut Hie maillot value ol
tile s-hnres in any ol the :-.iitl banking associations, helti by
anv person oi lioiiv eorpoirue created tiv ^tate Saw, being
included "iii the valuation of the aggregate personal pioperty
of such person in istale emporatmn ill asse^m;; nuv tax
impo-ed by any State or municipal authoiity on the able-
gate personal c>tnte oi all persons subject to the authoiity
ef biieh State or tniuucipniity.
And by inserting m its place as follows:
And tiiat noihiii" in till-, net stiaii tie conMmedtopievent
tile taxation by Stales ol the eapunl --tocliol b.inks oigani zed
under llus in'!, tin- same a- the propi-i ty ol otiiei moneyed
corporaiions (oi Siateoi municipal puipo-scs; butnoState
glial! impose nay lax upon Mich association* or liieir eap-_
Ital, ciieitl.uiou, dividends, or bu-ine^s, at a iiighet i.ite of
taxation lliau -hall lie imposed hy such State npnn tile
same amount ol' umiiiHeil capital in tile liands ot individual
cilizeu-ol such Slate: Proci</of, That no State tax shall
tie iinpotcd on any pint ol' the capital stock o! such asso-
ciation inve.-led in die bomis or die United Suites, de-
po--iled as --CCU1 if\ tor it? eticui.uion.
Mr. FENTON. Upon that amendment 1 de-
mand th" pre', mus question.
Air. rRUYN. Air. Spealiei, I ask to amend
the amendment by .striking out the proviso.
Mr. FENTON. I piefei to take the sense of
the House on iiie proposition aa it is.
Air. PRUYN. 1 lav e 1 not a right to divide the
oropooiuon >
The SPEAKER. Not an amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. Theio is lOiil'.isiun among j
members on this side of tli" House in lei'eivnoi j
to tae proviso v.'l-ieu u utiacind to the uuiend- ;
ment; and m lefvieuce to rt maiter of so much im- ,
portanee I coll upon the gentleman to make some |
verbal explanation cf il. 1
And while 1 am upon the floor I will say that
the resistance made to this lull is not a blind re-
sistance. We comprehend the law on the sub-
ject as it now stands; and if a committee repre-
senting the majority of this House can be taised
to better that law, we shall have no objection.
The House has decided against the original bill,
and it seems impossible to perfect any bill in the
way in which we are now advancing. I would
suggest to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Fenton,f who seems to have the bill in charge,
the propiiety of giving us further time and some
committee that will represent the majority of the
House. At any rate, what I now ask is some
verbal explanation of the amendment.
Mr. FENTON. I have only to say that the
amendment was drawn after consultation with
many of the opponents of the forty-first section
of the bill as proposed. It wasthoughtafker con-
siderable consultation that this would meet the
objections on the other side.
^The only reason for the introduction of the_ pro-
viso to the amendment was this, that the fiiends
of the measure thought it was important to hold
out inducements to the banking associations now
doing business under State authority to change
over to the national banking system. The amend-
ment offers an inducement to all individuals and
hanking associations who have their capital ill-
vested in State banks to change over to the na-
tional system.
Mr. GANSON. I desire to ask my colleague
a question.
Mr. FENTON. I will yield to an inquiry only.
Mr. GANSON. Is it the intention ofthe amend-
ment to subject these banks to State taxation?
Mr. FENTON. It is.
Mr. GANSON. 1 think that the amendment
does not secure that object.
Mi. FENTON# 1 cannot stop at this lute hour
ofthe day to argue the question. The intention
was to do it.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a question of order. If the amendment of the
gentleman from New York he voted down, will
it then be in order for me to move the same amend-
ment without the proviso?
The SPEAKER, it will,if the gentleman gets
ihe floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
111 at gentlemen on ihe other side are in favor of
the object of the amendment, but do not think
ihut it accomplishes that object. 1 ask that it be
again read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. t'RUYN. 1 should like m reference-to
my State to make an explanation to this House
which I consider impoitant.
Objection was made.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me ask a question. I
want to understand this .matter. It 1 understand
it rightly it allows a man in New York, or any
other State, to send his capital and establish a
bunk in ihe State of Pennsylvania, and allows
that State to tax his whole capital and the Stole
of New Yoik to tax it again. Is that the effect
of it?
Mr. FENTON. There is no intention to tax
it more than once.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If we are to have
debate, I also want to be heard.
The SPEAKER. This debate has been in-
dulged in by unanimous consent.
Mr. FENTON. I must now insist upon the
demand for the previous question, and I cannot
yield any further.
The m-evious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a point of order. I
wish, rather, to make an inquiry of the Cluur.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done after
the previous question is ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I ci',1 for the yeas and
nays upon agreeing to the amendment offered by
my colleague', i MiCFenton.]
The ye^s and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; an-, it was decided in
the uffinnr.tivi—yeas 70, nays GO; as follows:
YE-VS— .tlevsr-. Aiiev. Alle'On, Allies Alooid, Asldey,
B.uiv. John I). IJaidwui," i'.axtor, livainan, iii.unc, Uout-
well', Biooiuall, William G. i'.io'.vn
riecm.in Claikc, Clay, Cobb. Cole
mnnt. Eckicv, Farnsivorlh, Fi'iiton,
neU, Hiijfoy. Hoopr.r, Uotc'likia*. Jo<ui H. Hubb.iu., Jonekc?-,
Julian.Ka^eon, FrunriH YvT. KoHngg,Orlando I.mm.
Longyear. Marvin, McClurg, Mclndoe, SaniuH F. Miller,
Mooitoead, Morrill, Daniel Morib, Amos Myt'r?, Cimilest
0'\Teill, Ortlj, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomrroy, Prion,
William II. Kandall. Alexander H.llice. Joim II. liiee,Ed-
ward H. Rollins, Shannon. Sloan, Smith, Tkh-v, Up-on,
Van Valkenburgh, Eliliu 13. WaMiburnu, William 13. Wash-
bum, Wcbstei, Wilder, Wilson, YVindom, and Wood-
bridge—70.
NAYS—Messrs. James O. Alien, William J. Allen, Au- -
gustus C. Baldwin, Urook--, Jnmr\- S. Blown, Chanler. Cra-
vens. Cromwell, Henry Winter Davis, Dawson, kden, Ei-
diiu^e, Pinck. Gaiif-on, Hull, Hardin!;, Harrington, Benja-
min G. Harris, Ilcrrick, Uolinnn, Asaliel VV. Ilubbard,
llutehuis, William Johnson, Kalbfleiseli, Kelley, Keinan,
King, Knapp. r.aw, Lazear, Lona, Maicy, McBridc, Mc-
Dowell, MeKimiey, William II. Milh r, James It. Morris,
Moi re-on, NcNon, Noble, Odell, Pendleton, Pruyn, liad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall,Robinson, Jaines S. Rollins, Ross,
Scott, Joint IJ. Steele, titrnu&e, Stuait, Thayer, Thomas,
Wheeler, Oniltou A. White, Joseph W. Wllite, Williams,
Wiuficli!, and Fernando Wood—60. ft
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the third reading of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers upon second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Fenton and Mr.
Dawson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 68, noes 58.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. CRAVENS moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. HARRINGTON demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
I call for the reading of tha
The bill has not been en-
Then I object to its being
Amino-.: W. Ciaik.
Ilmves, Dual's, Du-
i-'iank, Gooeh. Giin-
Mr. HOLMAN.
engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER.
grossed.
Mr. HOLMAN.
read a third lime.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the House
should now adjourn, in what situation would it
leave ihe bill ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up as the first
business in order after the morning hour on
Monday.
Mr. HOOPER. Then I move that the House
ndionrn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly (at five o'clock and thirty minutes,
p. m.,) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
MONDAY, .Sprit 18, 1864.
Prayer by the Cliaplain, Rev. Or. Sunderland.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and ap-
proved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the following
enrolled bills, which had heretofore received the
signature of the Speaker of the House ot Repie-
sentatives:
A bill (ET. R. No. 206) in addition to an act for
the establishment of ceriain arsenals; and
A bill (H. R. No. 228) confirming the title ot
Joseph Ford to certain lands ill Rice county, in
the State o! Minnesota. ' -
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial ofthe Osage
and Syracuse Rjihoad Company, a memorial of
the New York Central Railroad Company, and a
memorial tit the I'roy and Boston Railroad Com-
j pany, remonstrating against the extension of the
! Goodyear patent for tilc manufaetuie ot vulcttn-
! izcd India 1 n'ober j winch weie refer led to theCom-
■ mittee on Patents and tlie Pateni Ofhee.
1 Mr. DOOL1TTLE presented a petition of cit-
S izens of Wisconsin, playing th.it a duty ot tell
j cents per pound may be levied upon all wool of
i foreign production impoi ted into the UmtedStates;
I which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CLARK ptesemed a memorial of Gales
&. Seaton, praying for compeire..tion for binding,
I &c.,offoui voliunesof Surveys for the Impiove-
1 ment of Rivets and Hai bors, Roads and Canals,
! ..nd for pi inting ill part of a collection of llocu-
1 mcntciry his'.oty of tJit1 seat of the General Gov-
' oinniout; wiiicli was referred to the Committee to
i Auditand Control the ContingentExpensesof the
'! Senate.
