1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
while wfe have this subject under consideration,
the propriety of reducing the tax from three per
cent, to two per cent.; that would make it what
it was made two years ago.
Mr. HARRIS. I think it is desirable to secure
uniformity in these taxes as much as possible, to
equalize them; indeed I think the bill in (hat re-
spect is in some pajrts of it objectionable. I have
offered this amendment to charge the same duty
upon those engaged in the express business as
upon other common carriers. It is for that rea-
son that I have moved to make the duty two and
a half per cent., the same as is proposed in the
preceding section on other common carriers; I
prefer, therefore, that it should be two and a halt
rather than two.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New York
to strike out " three" and to insert " two and a
half."
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to inquire
Whether the words "express business" embrace
all the expresses of the country?
Mr. HARRIS. Undoubtedly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Any person, company,
or corporation carrying on or doing an express
business" is the language.
Mr. POMEROY. That includes them all.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. In the one hundred and sec-
ond section I think there should be an amend-
ment in the twenty-third line by inserting the
word" ferry "after the words " toll road." There
are a great many little ferries in the country which
earn nothing; they are a convenience to the com-
munity, but really bring in no income.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it would be an im-
provement to say " ferry-boats." There are a
thousand little streams where we run a rope ferry
to accommodate individuals; and some of our
manufacturing establishments have conveniences
to ferry across in hand-boats. Do you mean &
tax them? A ferry-boat propelled by steam, or
something recognized by the committee, I think
properly should be taxed; but I do not believe
we ought to go down and tax every one of these
ferries.
Mr. HARRIS. If the Senator had read the
provision he would see that his remark does not
apply. It is, "any toll road, ferry, or bridge,
authorized by law to receive toll."
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know but that
these others are authorized to receive toll.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. This amendment will require
that the same word should be inserted after the
words " toll road," in the- twenty-fifth line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The word
u ferry" will be inserted in that place in order to
make the section consistent.
Mr. HARRIS. I now ask the attention of the
Senate to the amendment I propose in relation to
the manufacturers of gloves and mittens. On
page 141, line three hundred and seventy-one of
section ninety-three, 1 move to insert after the
word "oil" the words "and kid-," so as to read
"on oil and kid-dressed leather," &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is already in the
three hundred and sixtieth line a duty on kid of
five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. HARRIS. The duty in the three hun-
dred and sixtieth line I have no objection to; let
that stand; tl?at is on kid skins.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On kid " tanned or dressed
in the rough."
Mr. HARRIS. There is a peculiar mode of
dressing sheep skins which is called kid-dressing.
It is a mode of dressing sheep skins for the pur-
pose of manufacturing gloves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that is hardly
fair. I do not say that for the Senator, but for
the gentleman whom he represents in this matter.
That gentleman has been about here for the last
three or four weeks; a very clever gentleman he
is, I should think; I have not a wo^i to say against
him. He proposed, in the first place, to insert
" kid. " It is because it comes in competition with
him that he wants it. He does not make it,
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly he does.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why does he want the
duty put on? He has been protesting against the
duty all along.
Mr. HARRIS. I am going to offer another
amendment in a moment to correspond with it.
The fact is that there is a county in the State of
New Yoik the inhabitants of which are chiefly
engaged in the manufacture of gloves and mittens,
a very industrious people, who are paying a very
considerable revenue to the Government. This
is the process: they take mostly sheep skins; they
get such deer skins as they can, but they cannot
get enough for their purpose. Most of these
sheep skins are imported from the Cape of Good
Hope, the south of Africa, and pay to the Crovern-
ment an import duty of fifteen per cent. now.
They take the sheep skins and dress them; some
of them are what are called oil-dressed, and they
are manufactured into that article known in the
market as leather mittens. Some of them are^kid-
dressed, another mode of manufacture which gives
them thecolorandappearanceof gloves, and they
manufacture them into gloves. There is the oil-
dressed sheep skin and the kid-dressed sheepskin.
The one is manufactured into leather mittens, the
other is manufactured into gloves, a coarse kind
of glove, but a glove that is sold and used con-
siderably now, not as fine as the imported glove,
but a useful glove. This is the article they are
manufacturing. They purchase these sheep skins,
they dress these sheep skins, and then they them-
selves manufacture thorn into gloves and mittens.
Now, what they desire and what I on their be-
half desire is that they shall beiaxed upon, their
manufacture, upon their gloves and mittens.
They take these skins from the importer, they
dress them, oil-dress them or kid-dress them,and
cut them up and work them up into mittens and
gloves, and the'n put them into the market.
There is no reason in the world why they should
be first taxed upon the skins that they have
dressed and then taxed again upon their gloves
and mittens. That is all thereisaboutit. They
are willing to pay one tax, and let Congress put
upon them such tax as Usees fit. They do not
object to that. The tax now is three per cent,
upon their manufacture. It is proposed to put
five per cent, upon it by this bill. If that is not
enough, put on more; but do not tax it twice, that
is all. They manufacture the article, they im-
port the sheep skin, or they purchase the deer
skin wherever they can get it. They dress it,
and then themselves make it up into gloves and
mittens. I propose to add the word " kid " where
I have suggested, and then I shall propose this
provision further:
Provided, That when the manufacturer of such leather
or skins shall use the same in the manufacture of gloves,
mittens, or moccasins, the duty shall bcchaiged upon such
gloves, mittens, or mocc t-uu, and not upon the leather or
skill used in the manufacture.
It is just taking the ad valorem price of the ar-
ticle they put into the market and charging them
the duty upon Ihat article, but not charging them
with a duly upon the material out of which they
makett before they manufacture it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the word "kid" in
not put in, and the other provision suggested by
the Senator from New Yoik^e made, the effect
will be that these manufacturers will pay only
five per cent., because they will pay nothing on
the raw material. The Senate will see that now
it speaks of" oil-dressed leather and deer skins."
The Senator from New York would make the
Senate beheve,orratherthegentleman who makes
these representations to him, that they want
" kid" put in. For what purpose.' Certainly it
would seem to get the tax on kid. At present
it is out; there is no tax on it. The reason why
they want it put in is that they fear the competi-
tion of kid in some way, and they want to impose
the same tax upon it when dressed in that way.
This gentleman wrote me n note in which he pro-
posed in the first place to put in " kid" as being
of advantage to him. Then he wrote me a note in
which he said, " If you will only put in the words
'when sold or removed for sale' I will not ask you
to putin ' kid.'" That we acceded to, and now
he gets the Senator from New York to move to
put " kid" in.
Mr. HARRIS, He told me that, and I sug-
gested to him the trouble. He made that bargain
with you undoubtedly, but the trouble is here:
there is a provision in this bill of which he was
not aware, which entirely destroys the effect of
that amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is that provision ?
Mr. HARRIS. It is on page 126, as he un-
derstood your amendment and as I have under-
stood it; but for this .provision. OH page 126, in
section ninety-two,  U. woulti have gone vyelU;
Pronided, That whenever a producer 01 hiuiiufucturcr—
Like this man is—> *. ! ■ '
shall use, or shall remove fi>r consumption or IMS; aft/ar-
ticles, goods, wares, or merchandise, which if removed for
sale would be liable to taxation, IKS sl>all;be assessed apou
the salable value of the articles, goods, wares, or mer-
chandise so used or so removed Tor consumption or use.'
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was elated also,
and. in order to prevent that and make it perfectly
clear what that proviso means I have had. the
word "used" struck out and the wor4 " con-
sumed" put In; that is to say, if he consumes
them himself, to apply precisely the same rule to
these manufacturers as to all others, that they
shall pay a duty on what they consume for their
own purposes. That is all it m<Sans.
Mr. HARRIS. So farasit has been constrUed
by the Commissioner, it means that the consumer
of these skins for the purpose' of manufactur-
ing them into gloves and mittens pays a tax on
the skins consumed, the skins worked up, and
then the provision in a preceding clause of this
same section provides that he shall pay a tax on
gloves and mittens manufactured, it is a double
tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be so and it
should be so. There is not a tax levied upon ar-
ticles of that kind that is not a double tax. Take
manufacturers of leather they pay a tax on the
leather in the first place, and then they pay a tax
on the boots and shoes manufactured. You do
not deduct the first tax. So it is with a ;gre'at
number of articles. What these gentlemen want
and what they get by the amendment we rpadc,
and I am satisfied the amendment is wrong-
Mr. HARRIS. I am, too.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It ought to be struck out.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not think it amouuts to
anything.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They ought to pay the
double tax as much as anybody else. The fact
is in regard to them that they stand in an anom-
alous position. Instead of making the raw ma-
terial, as many other persons do, and-then pay-
ing a tax on it and selling it as raw material to
the person who buys it and makes u up, and pays
another tax, they work up their own raw ma-
terial into gloves or mittens. Although every-
body else, where an article in process of manu-
facture goes through two different hands, pays
ten per cent., these people, because they not only
prepare the raw material but manufacture it themr
selves, want to get off with paying five per cent.
That is their object, and that gives them a mo-
nopoly of the market. The thing itself is not
just. I would not have said anything about it if
they had not chosen, after we have endeavored to
examine this matter, to push it still further. I
do not see any reason m the world why they
should be exempted from the same kind of tax
that others are subject to, and 1 am opposed to
all the amendments th«it the Senator proposes.
Mr. HARRIS. The effect of this provision as
it no w stands is to tax these manufacturera-ten per
cent, on their products.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; many others
are taxed ten per cent.
Mr. HARRIS. Two years ago in the old bill
it was provided that they should pay a tax of
three per cent, on skins manufactured, and then
that they should pay an additional tax upon the
increased value when they were converted into
gloves. To that I have no objection; thatisfair;
that is what is provided in other cases in this bill;
but it is severe and I think unjustly severe; it is
an unjust discrimination against these manufac-
turers to tax them ten per cent.; it is hard on
their manufacture. It is not what is done in an-
other case, I apprehend, In this bill; at any rate
I have not seen it. It would be far better, I would
prefer, that you should'say at once, if the Senate
mean to do it, that they shall be taxed upon their
gloves and mittens ten per cent.; but the Senate
would nx>t be willing to do that, and yet indi-
rectly they are doing just that thing.
Mr. CLARK. Let me suggest to the.Senator
from New York that there are parties in the coun-
try who manufacture the gloves that do not man-
ufacture the leather.
Mr. HARRIS. No, sir.
Mr. CLARK. I beg the Senator's pardon, i
know it.
