THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
Mr. HARRIS. Nineteen twentieths of this
business is done in one county in New York.
■ Mr. CLARK. I know parties who manufac-
ture thegloves without manufacturing the leather.
Mr. HARRIS. Where do they get the leather
from.?
■ Mr. CLARK. Theife is an establishment in
my,own,State. , Threy bay it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Under my own eyes at
ftdnffe large quantities'-are manufactured in that
fhy. i - ■
'' Mr/CLARK. WKere one party manufactures
the leather, he wilt have to pay a tax on leather,
Ind another party who manufactures' gloves will
have to'p&y the taSc on'gloves, which makes ten
percent, altogether. If these people choose to do
t>oth, they should pay ten per cent.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I moved yesterday, but
it Was tben out of order, to strike out the words
44 wheW Void or removed for sale" from this par-
agraph of the section. To accomplish the ob-
ject I have in view, it would be perhaps mdre
strictly in order to wait until the bill shall have
been reported to the Senate and then to move the
amendment which I moved yesterday ; but inas-
much as this whole subject is now under consid-
eration and the object is to understand the effect
of this paragraph in all its bearings, it may be
perhaps as well now to consider it. It may per-
Irapfc be more' appropriate and more convenient
to have a full understanding of the whole matter
now than to postpone it until the motion may
properly be made at a later period, and by an
understanding no-w perhaps we may arrive at an
adjustment of the paragraph in the way in which
it should be corrected.
This exception which it is sought on the part
of the Senator from New York to apply to a cer-
tain branch of trade in a certain county of his
State Mso'applies to other very important branches
of trade in each one of the northern States of this
TJnion. Be hilti a particular interest in this man-
ufacture of mittens, gloves, (fee., nud the pm a-
graph exempt from a duty all oil-dressed leather
as well as deel* skins, and the operation of the
section is*very extensive, very unjust, and very
unequal, because it makes a particular discrimi-
nation between classes of manufacturers who tire
equally meritorious. The clause in this section
that all this kind of leather shall be exempt from
this duty of five per cent, ad valorem "when sold
or removed forsalo,"ereat<isthuexception which
has already1 boon referred to. This exception is
hv behMF'of the man who manufactures gloves
and mitterts who is also the manufacturer of the
skins or the article out of which they are made.
It does not stop there, but it^oes on and exempts
all i he oil-dressed leather, and all the harness and
all the shoes and everything of that kind made in
this country out of oil-dressed leather from the
tax or duty of five per emit. a</ valorem in the
Hands of the man who manufactures the oil-dressed
leath&r into liaVness and into shoes; whereas his
competitor in the same'toflm in the manufacture
of harness and shoes who does not manufacture
the original oil-dressed leather has a duty of ten
per cent, imposed on his business,because there
)« a duty of five percent, imposed on the leather
itself, which is not made up to the man who
tViakes it, and then five per cent, afccrwuuls on
the manufacture.
I can state a case. Hoots and shoes I have
mentioned. I know of a very large manufactory
ofcavalry belts and things of that kind; I know
two of them in one town supplying in a great
measure the Army. One of those manufacturers
of cavalry belts manufactures the leather himself.
Mr. A does that, and lie lias to pay a duty of
but five per cent. Mr. B, who buys the leather
for the purpose of manufactuiing it into belts,
hak to pay a duty of live per cent on the leather,
and he is aWo subject to,a duty of five per cent,
on his Tfranufactuie, so that you make a discri-
mination between two tnanufacuuers m the same
town in the same branch of business, simply be-
cause one has a little more capital than the other,
and one is enabled to manufacture the original
stock Which the second man has to purchase and
pay for. I do not see the reason or propriety of
that.
Then,again, there is another discrimination in
favor of this kind of business or manufacture as
between the person who is exempted from this
duty of five per cent, being the manufacturer of
the original stock and all other branches of manu-
facture in this country which do not come within
the category of this paragraph, anda which arc
equally entitled to consideration when we come
to lay duties upon them, as the manufacture of
mittens and gloves in the county referred to in the
State of New York. Some of my constituents
areas much interested in the manufacture of har-
ness and boots and shoes as the constituents of
the Senator from New York can be in the manu-
facture of mittens and gloves for the hand.
I think the whole section ought to be amended
so as to correct this inequality, and I trust it may
be done by abiding by the section as it was re-
ported by the committee and striking out the pro-
vision which restricts the duty of nve per cent.
ad valorem on articles which are not sold before
they are manufactured. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment of the Senatorfrom New
York.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 17; as follows:
YEA*5—Messrs*. Anthony, Brown, Oarlile, Davis, IlarJ.ui,
Hiurife, Hicks, Mc!)oii<jall, Morgan,rovvell. Kam^ey,Salis-
bury, Suimwir, and WiSlcv—14.
NAYS—Means. liuckaiew, Clark, Collamer, Cowan,
Dooliltle, D'cssendoii, Foot, Foster, Henderson", Hendricks,
Howe, Johnson, Moirill, Sherman, Ten E>ck,Van YVmkle,
and Wilson—17
ABSENT—Mesfis. Chandler, Conness, Dixon, Gtimes,
Hale, Harding, Ho\vaid,Lane of Indiana, Lane ot Kansas,
Ncsmith, Poinruoy, Itichaidson, Riddle, Sprague, Trunin
hull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK. 1 move further to amend the
bill, on page 230, by inserting after the word
" acts," in line thirty-six, the words " on draw-
backs the right to which has already accrued or
which may hereafter accrue under said acts."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend the
bill on page 212, by inserting after the word
" use," in line ten of section one hundred and
sixty-two, the woids "or reeoid." In line live
it speaks about these papers being "recorded or
admitted or used in evidence,"and in line twelve
the "register or lecorder" is spoken of. It is
therefoie necessary to insert the words "or rec-
ord" after " use," in the tenth line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. In the same section I
move to insert after the word "stamp," in line
seventeen, the words "or stamps," so as to agree
with the residue ot the section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. 1 move also to amend
section one hundred and sixty by striking out, in
lino one hunched and thirty-seven, the words "an
affidavit haw been made showing the reason why,"
and inserting "satisfactory proof has been made
that." The section provides that stamps spoiled
or rendered useless may be icplaced by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenueon a mere affidavit
—it does not say whose affidavit—being made that
they cannot be leturned. I meiely wish to insert
that satisfactory proof shall be made that they can-
not he returned.
Mr. JOHNSON. Satisfactory proof to whom ?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. To the Commissioner
of Interna! Revenue.
Mr. JOHNSON'. 1 surest that the words
"to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue" bo
inserted.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The previous line
speaks of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
and theicfore theinsertion of the words "to him"
wiH be sufficient.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The proof must be made
to him and to nobody t Ise, because he is the per-
son aulhoiized to perform the act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from West Virginia accept the modification
of his amendment?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Certainly; I have no
objection to inserting the words "to htm."
]i The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
'' is on the amendment as modified.
-! The amendment was agreed to.
■| Mr. HARRIS. 1 wish to move two amend-
I ments on pages 90 and 92. There aie in the large
|! cities of the countiy, especially New Yoik, a class
j! of persons called bill brokers, whose business it
|j is to sell, asagents, promissory notes and dornes-
jj tic bills. They are generally unfortunate mer-
H chants, who obtain a scanty and precarious living
by the selling of these" bills and notes. There
may be, perhaps, in the city of New York a hun-
dred of them, peihaps more. They receive a
commission of one fourth of one per cent, for ne-
gotiating the sale of a promissory note. By the
provisions of this bill they are taxed one twen-
tieth of one per cent. The amount is reduced very
considerably from what was proposed by the
House of Representatives. This class of people,
having no capital in business, obtaining in this way
a very scanty and precarious living, are classed
by this bill under the head of "brokers" like
stock brokers, and are required to take out a li-
cense, and pay for it fifty dollars. My object is
to transfer this class of persons from that class
of brokers to commercial brokers, so that they
will take out a twenty dollar license instead of a
fifty dollar license. I know it is notalarge affair,
and yet it affects seriously a very worthy class
of people, not numerous, but very worthy. My
amendment, therefore, is to strike out the worths
" promissory notes or other securities," in line
ninety-five of section seventy-eight, Qf.\ p«ge 90,
and to insert those words inline one hundred and
thirty-seven, on page 92, to transfci these bill
brokers from the class of brokers to the class of
commercial brokeis for license purposes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I doubt the propriety of
making that amendment. It may be that there t
are some few persons that do not do much busi-
ness in that line, but there are a great many
persons who do a very large business. If you
could pick out the individuals whose business is
so small, it might do to put a lower tax on them;
But I am afraid we should let off a great many
who do a very large business and who ought to
pay more than is proposed under the head of
commercial brokers. " Promissory notes or other
securities:" that covers a very large class.
Mr. HARRIS. I only propose to cover those
<yi£«ged as dealers in promissory notes and do-
mestic bills of exchange.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Domestic bills of ex-
changeaie a very large concern, l'thinkit would
be dangerous and lead to confusion to make the
amendment. A great many persons would escape
paying the license they ought to pay in conse-
quence of it. It is unsafe to legislate for a few
individuals. AU these laws bear hard upon some-
body, I suppose. I should like very much to iu-
lievo anybody that needs relief.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 12 1 propose to offer
two or three amendments. In line twenty-two of
section fourteen, on page 12,1 move to strike out
all after the woid "summon" to the end of the
line. The words to be stricken out are " by sub-
penu to he seived by any assistant assessor."
Mr. FESSENDEN. How would you have it
served ?
Mr. HARRIS. I would have a provision for
that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
offer his whole amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. I have a very strong objection
to the provisions of this section. 1 do not know
but that arbitrary arrests are necessary in these
times, but we aie becoming quite too much famil-
iarized to them. I object entiiely to allowing an
assessor or an assistant assessor when he thinks
an individual has disobeyed the requiiements of
his summons to arrest lum and take him before
a public officer. It is an anomalous thing; it is
not required; and I have endeavored so to amend
this section as to avoid that great objection. Tho
proposition that I submit is this: that the as-
sessor, when he desires to examine a person in le-
lation to the subject of examination, his income,
his tax, whatever it may be, may summon him
to appear before himself, that that summons may
be served by the assistant assessor; and that if
he disobeys that summons, if he fails to appear
or refuses to appear, then upon an affidavit show-
ing the facts he may apply to the district judge,
or to a commissioner having the powers ot a
judge, at chambers for an attachment, m the or-
dinary way m which individuals are punished for
disobeying legal process, and that the assessor
shall not have the power himself without author-
ity of law, except under the provisions of this
section, without applying to a court or a judge,
to ariest an individual and take him before a tri-
bunal. I object entirely to this mode of giving
authority to this class of persons to make an ar-
