m
JLFPBNDIX TO- THE eONOBESSIONAIt GLOBE.
[March 3.
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. PoweU,
Senate.
as to prerentas far as possible all abuses that are
calculated to sap the foundations of the political
system, to impair or destroy the fundamental law,
or to endanger or overthrow the rights or liberties
of the people.
It cannot be doubted that upon the keeping of
the elective franchise absolutely free depends the
very existence of our form of Government and
^our republican institutions. Free States in all
ages have regarded .the purity of the elective fran-
chise as of the greatest and most vital importance,
and have enacted severe penal laws for the pun-
ishment of those .who interfered by force or fraud
to prevent free elections. I believe there is no
Government on the face of the earth in which elec-
tions have been carried on for the purpose of ap-
pointing any of the officers of the Government,
save and except the United States of America,
that has not had laws to punish, and severely
punish, those who should interfere with the free-
dom of the elective franchise^ All the republics
of antiquity had the severest iSvs punishing those
w ho interfered with the freedom of their elections.
In the second volume of Blackstone's Commen-
taries, by Mr. Tuckcr, on page 170,1 find this;
" For in a democracy there can bo no exercise of sover-
eignty but by suffrage, which is the declaration of the peo-
ple's will. Inall democracies,therefore,it is of the utmost
impoitanee to regulate by whom, and in what manner, the
suffrages me to be given. And the Athenians were so justly
jealous of this prerogative, that a stranaer who interfered
in the assemblies of the people was punished by their laws
with death ; because such a man was esteemed guilty of
high treason, by usurping those rights of sovereignty to
which he had 110 title. In England, where the people do
not debate in a collective body but by representation, the
exercise of tlm sovereignty consists in the choicc of repre-
sentatives. Th'e laws have therefore very strictly guarded
against usurpation or abuse of this power by many salutary
provisions, which may be reduced to these three points:
1. 'rhequnllticationsof tile electors. 2. Thoqlmlifications
of the elected. 3. The proceedings at elections."
By the laws of Great Britain persons convicted
of bribery, force, or fraud at elections are punished
sovcrcly. At the common law bribery ana kindred
oilVnsos were crimes, and the British statutes pun-
ished persons guilty of such offenses on conviction
with fines of «fc500, and deprived them of the priv-
ilege ever after of voting or holding any office of
ti ust or honor under that Government. One sec-
tion of this bill provides that the soldiers of the
Army of the United States shall not be permitted to
be kept within one mile of nny poll where an elec-
tion is goins: on, on the day of election. I find
similar provisions 111 the English itiw, which I
will read from page 179 of the same book:
''As soon, therefore, as the time ntul place of election.
Cither in counties or boroughs, are fixed, all soldiers quar-
tered 111 the place are to remove, at least one day before the
election, to the distance of two miles or more, ami not to
return tillone day after Ihe poll is ended, itiots,likewise,
havu.been frequently determined to make an election void."
By a statute passed in the reign of George I!,
to which I alluded in a running debate that arose
upon the reference of this bill to a committee,and
which statute is quoled at length tn the report
made by the Committee on Military Affairs,it js
provided that the Sun entry of War or the party
who for the time being is acting as Secretary of
War shall issue iiis orders to remove all soldiers
from places of voting in the manner prescribed in
the law i have just read. It further provides that
it' tile Secretary of War or the person acting as
such shall not issue the order as required by the
statute, he shall upon conviction in the courts be
dismissed from office and be ever after disqualified
from holding any office of honor, profit, or trust,
under the Bntish Government.
That is the manner in which our English an-
cestors, from whom wc have derived most of our
maxims of civil and constitutional liberty, re-
garded ihis^subject. Mr. Tucker, in his not£sto
Blackstone's Commentaries, in reference to the law
1 have read jequiring soldiers to be removed from
the place of voting, says, " A similar regulation in
the election of Representatives to Congi ess seems
highly proper and necessary." 5t is strange to
me that  c luue never had such a law on our
btatiste-book. 1 venture the assertion that we are
the only people on earth who have had any re-
gard for free government that have not had some
such law. I suppose tlse only reason for the ab-
sence of such a law is that our elections have
been regulated heretofore by officeis appointed
by the States, and it is only very vccenily that j
the armies of the United States have attempted to
interfere in our elections.
By the spirit of the Constitution of the United
States, and by the constitution of every State in
the Union, the military is to be kept in strictsubor-
dination to the civil power; and I suppose that
those who went before us never thought we should
have rulers so wicked and corrupt as to use the
machinery of the Federal Government for the
purpose of prostrating the freedom of elections in
the States: otherwise, I am sure that such laws
as the one before us would have been enacted
long before this. I find upon examination that
seven of the States of the Union have enacted stat-
utes to prevent soldiers making their appearance
on election day at the places where the elections
are held. I shall not trouble the Senate by read-
ing all these statutes; but as the State of Mary-
land—unfortunately for the honor and dignity of
that State—figures a good deal in this matter, 1
will take the liberty ofreading the statute of Mary-
land from her Code, volume one, page 262:
" Article 35—Elections.
"Sec. 24. No commissioned or non-commissioned officer
having the command of any soldier or soldiers qnnrtrird
or posted in nriy distiict of any county in tins Statu shall
munter or embody any of the .-aid tioops, or mnrch :mv re-
cruiting party within tile view of any place of olection dur-
ing the time of holding said election, under the penally of
$100. This section not to apply to the city of Baltnuoic."
I have similar provisions here from the statutes
of the States of Mississippi, New Jersey, New
York, Pennsylvania, Maine, and Massachusetts.
The constitution of the State of Maryland pro-
vides that upon conviction for the offense of givin"
or receiving bribes or influencing any man to give
an illegal vote, not only the man giving the bribe
but the man giving the illegal vote shall forever
after be disqualified from voting and from hold-
ing any office of trust, honor, or profit under the
State government. Every State in the Union has
severe penal laws, providing for the punishment
of all who in any way mteifeie to prevent fiee
elections.
With us, Mr. President, sovereignty resides in
Ihe people, and the people by the exercise of free
suffrage declare their will and appoint their agen-
cies to carry on the Government. He whcT at-
tempts to interfere with this most inestimable
right, whether he be President, major general, or
citizen, is an enemy to the Republic and deserves
the harshest punishment. In Older to have free
elections, there must be fiee speech and a free
press; the sovereign people must lime an oppor-
tunity offoimingan enlightened public opinion
upon the questions at issue, which can only be
done after full and free discussion. Free speech
and a free press in a Government like ours are
the soul of republican institutions; free suffrage
is the very heart-sirnigs of civil libei ty. To be
free, the elections must he conducted m aecord-
ance with laws so framed as 10 on: vent fraud , force,
intimidation, corruption, and venality, superin-
tended by election judges and officers independent
of the Executive or any other power of the Gov-
ernment; the military must not interfere, but be
kept in stiict suboulination to the law, which
should be so framed as to prevent absolutely such
interference. The only duty of the Executive is
to see that the law is faithfully executed. The
Executive must not use the power mtsusted to
him to prevent free elections. Mr. Locke,in his
excel lent treatise on Government, page 373, speak-
ing of the executive power, says:
" What I have said here emiccrmii^ ihe legi-Iatlve in
fteneial, holds true also eoncerimi" the stiiH-"me exectitm,
who having a double titist put in hue. hp.tli to have a pre'!
in the legi.-lative and the supien!'1 execution 01 the taw.
aets against both when he goi'b about to ■■ ■'! 111: iie own ar-
bitral}' will as the law of society. He acts aKo contrary
to Ins trust when he either emplo>s the three, treasuic,
and offices of the society toconupt the icsucsem.ilives and
gain them to his puipose, or openly jMoeietae'es the elect-
or and prescribes to their choice* such whem he has by
solicitations, threats, pionuses. or otherwise '.von to ins
designs, and emplojstheni tobrins m sm-h whah.ive prom-
ised beforehand what to veto and what to enact. Thus to !'
regulate candidates and elceiois and'new-model the ways h
ol election, what is it but to cut tip tin- Oovenimemby the :
roots and poison the very fountain of politic secarity^ fa- if
the people having reserved to themselves the eluiiee of ■!
their representatives, as the fence of thei, piopertiesjconlii .!
do it foi no othei end but that thes might"nhv.-us be freely Is
chosen, and,so chosen,lieclv act arid idvi-e ;is the ni.cos- if
sit} of the Commonwealthaitd the ptshlie good should upon 'i
crimination and tnatui cite bate be .nidged so lefpnre. Tills, i,
those who give tht ir votes fielore they heal the debate and is
have weighed the reasons on all sides are not capable of
doing. To prepare' such an assembly as this, and endeavor
to set up the declared abettors ot'his own will fur ihe Hue
representatives of the people, and the Jaw makers of the
society, is certainly as great a breach of tiust ant! as per-
fect a declaration of a design to subvert the Government as
is possible to be met with."
Nothing can be truer than the sentiment uttered
by Mr. Locke in the extract 1 have just read. It
is certainly a subversion of the very foundation of
the Government for the Executive to use the force
and the power that the Government has placed in
his hands for defensive purposes, to overthrow the
free suffrages of the people and to appoint those to
power who will be his truckling menials, his sub-
servient agents to carry out his will, to aid him
it may be to overthrow the liberties of the people
whom they should represent, betray the Consti-
tution that they should preserve and protect, de-
stroy everything that makes the Government de-
sirable and worthy of the support of an honest and
free people. Yet, sir, such things have been done3
and 1 regret to say that there are those in the Sen-
ate Chamber who not only do not denounce but
who approve these usurpations, these plain, pal-
pable violations of the Constitution of their coun-
try.
Mr. President,let us fora moment see whatare
the poweisof the President of the United States.
From whence does he derive this power to regu-
late elections and to appomtrepresentativesof the
people? for when stripped of its verbiage that is
really what has been done in many parts of the
States of Maryland, Missouri, Kentucky, and
Delaware. Where, I ask, does the Executive of
the United States derive such power? He cer-
tainly does not derive it from the Constitution.
The second and third sections of the second arti-
cle of the Constitution prescribe the duties of the
President. Let us read those clauses of the Con-
stitution and see whatpowers ate conferred upon
the Chief Magistrate. 1 hold that the President
can exercise tin power but what is conferred upon
him by the Constitution. He is the agent of the
people appointed for specific purposes to admin-
ister their Government as its Executive, within
prescribed and limited powers. The Constitution
provides, in article two:
" Sro, 2. The President shall bo fYvmmntuW-in C'Ine/
of the At my and Navy of the Tinted tft.ites, ami nf (he mi-
litia ot Ihe fevoial States, when eallod into ;he aetnal s-or-
\ioe uf tin1 United Starts; ho m.ij requite lae opinion tn
| wilting of the pinieipa! uitleer in each of the Kxecwtivti
J>op:nlmonNtt[)t>ti anv^ubjoet relating tothc duties ot their
n^peeuvc others, anil ho shall have power to jjmnt re-
puevc.s and pat dons foi otfensus aguutet the United States.,
except in cn-.e> of impeachment.
"iie shall have power, hv and with the advice and eotv-
seutol the Senate, to make treaties, provided uvothhd?,
01 the Senator* present eoneat; amlheshall nominate,ami,
by and with the advice and enn-.mi of the senate* shall
appoint einba^adoi-i, other public minister4? and confute,
ludyes ot the Supreme Co'nt, and all other officeis of the
United States whose appointment's arc not herein otherwise
piowded for. and which shall he established bylaw; bus
the Confess may by law vest the appointment of such in-
ferior otlicers as they think proper 111 the President alone,
in the eooirs ot law, or in the head-' "I J)epmfmen - .
uThe President shall have power to till up all vacancies
that may happen during the iceess of the Setfate by «*i';nu-
iu<  commissions which shail \pire at the end of then neAi
session.
'"Sre. Ih He Fhal) from time to time pi re *othe t'onynv*
mfoimatton of the ^tftt^ot the Union, and leeonimmdto
their eotn'-idoralion such .u- he ,-iiall judL;-: neccv
sarv ami esjted'enf; he may, on ema.H'.imnu "cea-ions,,
convene hoth llon^es, or either of them, and in ca^e  >f
di- a£ie men: between them nnh respect to the time of
adjournment, he may adjomn them tn -aich tune n= ha shall
think piopci; he^half reeei se embassador*.tad other puhhe
umiisteif.; lie shall take rare that the laws  e tuihltiiiy
executed, and <-tiailcommwiou ailtheoiSceisef the United
States."
There, sir, are the powers of the President of
the United StAtrs. He is Commandei -in-Chief
of the armies of the United States, ant! \uuier that
clause 1 simple those who oppose the bill claim
that the President can rightfully exercise ihii power
that hebasrxerciscd in overthrowing the freedom
of elections in Maryland and other States. They
claim it unties* the warpower, whk-h I will notice
m another part of my remarks. The President is
to "take aire thatHhc laws.be faithfully exe-
cuted. >} "What laws are they that the President
shall see faithfully executed } The Con?,u£utioi}
tic clares that—
u This Constitution and l;r,vs of the Uii'tc! Strips
whieli shall he. made in put suanee thereof, and all treaties
made or which .shall he made under the auchoiity of ths
l/uitcd States, shall bu the s>i prej*se kuv of the
