1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
039>
supported? I do not think so at all. Otherwise
you might just as well appropriate money to be
distributed and disbursed in charity among those
negroes in the southern States in addition to this
large increase of pay. It may be, and 1 think
myself the Senator from Wisconsin has put the
amount too high. Four dollars a month may be
too high. Perhaps a less sum would be sufficient.
But it seems to me that we ought to provide out
of this increased pay a fund to take care of the
women and children in these States; otherwise
you do not put these negro soldiers on an equality
with the white soldiers, but you give them an ad-
vantage over the white soldier, who by his do-
mestic relations recognized by law is bound by
law to take caie of his wife, his children, and, by
our law, his parents. The slave who enlists in
your service has no such legal obligations resting
on him. While the soldier who enlists from Ohio
is fighting for us his wife and his children are
contracting legal liabilities for him \f4nch he by
law is bound to pay. In the southern States that
does not exist.
I say, therefore, there ought to be a discrimina-
tion there in the pay between'black soldiers en-
listed in the southern States and white soldiers,
or theie ought to be a fund reserved from their
pay to provide for these contingencies. The Sen-
ator says it would be unjust to take two dollars
a month or four dollars a month out of the pay
of a single black man in the southern States for
this purpose. He thinks we should not take the
same amount out of his pay as out of the pay of
one who has a family. I do not think there is
any injustice in it. We are raising the pay of
these soldiers. IT we were not raising their pay
we could not change the existing contract. They
have enlisted under a contract which* gives them
but seven dollars a month net. We propose to
increase that to sixteen dollars net. We may de-
cide what shall be done with this increased pay.
It seems to me it is but fair and just.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will allow me to
ask him a question. It is the purpose of the Sen-
ate and the country to enlistjustas many of these
colored soldiers as possible. If they go into the
civil service or if they are employed in any ordi-
nary vocation of life (hey will probably get at the
present rates twenty dollars a month.
Mr. JOHNSON. Oh, no.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes,sir, in Tennessee, in Mem-
phis, in Vieksburg, and all the places along the
Mississippi river they are getting as high pay as
that. There is to be no deduction from the pay
of the men engaged in that work. Now how will
it he possible for us to raise any more recruits if
we are going to give them but nine dollarsa month
when they can get at least nineteen or twenty dol-
lars in any other avocation?
Mr. SHERMAN. I say we are doing for the
negro what is not done for the white man. By
this bill we are giving to the negro more pay than
he could possibly get for any service m the south-
ern States, even if he were a free man, while we
do not give to the white soldier anything like
what he could get as a laboring man on the farms
of the West or in any of the manufacturing estab-
lishments of the North. A laboring man in the
northern States in almost any civil employment
can get more pay than he can get as a soldier, while
a negro, slave or free, in the southern States can-
notordinarily get anything like what you give the
black soldier under this bill. Therefore I say the
discrimination is all in favor of the black as against
the white soldier. I want to put them on a foot-
ing of perfect equality. I am in favor of the prin-
ciple of this resolution, and shall vote for it; but
I do think we ought to reserve from the com-
pensation paid to the black soldier an amount suf-
ficient to charge him with the obligation that by
law is imposed upon the white soldier, and that
is the support of those who are naturally depend-
ent upon him, or those in a dependent condition
of life among whom he lives. I think it is but
fair, reasonable, and right.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I think we
shall be in inextricable difficulties so long as we
legislate for one class of persons one way and
another class another way; and the remark I
would desire to make I would apply not only to
this bill, but to legislation geneially. If we in-
tend to make colored men soldiers, why not have
the same law apply to them that applies to other
soldiers? So long as we undertake to make this
class legislation, we shall be compelled to change
it at every session, and be involved m difficulties
that will never terminate.
I do not see the necessity of this amendment
for another reason. The laboring class at the
South is not confined to the men at all. The man
whom we enlist as a soldier feels no particular
responsibility for his family. Slavery has not
allowed him to feel any such responsibility. His
family has been owned off in another portion of
the county or State, and he does not see them per-
haps once a week or once a month. Prom the
very nature of the case, the family follows the
fortunes of the mother. She supports them, takes
care of them, and labors for them. It is a great
fact that in slavery there is just about as much
work performed by the females us by the males;
and the state of society to which the Senator from
Ohio alludes as existing at the North does not
exist in the South at all. There is no reason why
we should take a portion of the wages of these
colored soldiers to support their families; because
their families support themselves, and have al-
ways doneso. These men never did contribute
a dollar to the support of their families unless
they got it by overwork, or in some way their
masters did not know of. Every family has been
separate and distinct from the head of thefamijy.
The state of society from the condition of slavery
is such that it has rendered it necessary that the
father feels no particular responsibility, and can-
not be held to responsibility for his family.
I think, therefore, we should not attempt to set
apart a fund out of a portion of the pay of col-
ored soldiers to support other portions of the col-
ored people m their vicinity. It is only neces-
sary that we have cei tain cities of refuge for them,
as we have here on the border. To be sure, the
colored people run outofYirginia and into Wash-
ington, and, this being a kind of city of refuge,
we had to establish places and camps for them
so that they can be taken caie of. But this state
of facts does not exist at all in a State where
we propose that they shall all go free, and it would
not have existed here if we could have had this
country bordering on the District of Columbia.
The tine piinciple is that the soldiers enlisted m
our armies should be on one level, have one pay,
and no more money should be reserved from the
pay of one class than from the pay of another;
and until we come up to that standard we shall be
in inextricable difficulty.
Mr. WILSON, I will state that this joint reso-
lution was framed to meet, to some extent, the
point made by the Senatorfroin Wisconsin in this
amendment. If Senators will read the joint reso-
lution, they will see that we provide for the pay-
ment to colored men of such a bounty as may be
determined upon by the President of the United
States. The President may pay in the loyal States
a bounty of $100 to colored men who shall enlist.
In the States covered by the proclamation, or the
rebel States, he may, m his discretion, pay no
bounty at all. He may save this bounty for the
very purpose of taking care of the women and
children in that portion of the country. We framed
the bill with that view. I think that will beam-
pie and sufficient.
I do not believe that since this rebellion com-
menced the colored women and children have cost
this Governmentanytinng at all. I know that on
the Atlantic coast we owe them money to-day.
We owe them thousands of dollars. Down on
the coast of South Carolina some women are earn-
ing more than two hundred dollars a year by rais-
ing cotton. 1 know parties that have paid families
from two to three hundred dollars a year for tie
cotton they have raised themselves and brought
into maiket. I tell you further, the Government
of the United States is paying colored men to-day
on a fortification in Flondafrom thirty-five to forty
dollars a month. They are employed by regular
officers there, and paid that amount because they
are skilled work men, and are admitted to be among
the best mechanics in the country.
The truth is, we are picking up men on the At-
lantic coast and forcing them into the service of
the United States at seven dollars a month who
outside can earn twenty or twenty-five dollars a
month easily. They are running away from our
recruiting officers a d hiding themselves in order
to do work at a great price instead of going into
the service at the small rate we pay them. Along
the Mississippi river, in the great breakings up
we have had there, they may be some -expense
to the country. But we take those peoplefuid.set
them to work; and, as w&s said by the Senator
from Kansas, those women and children are ac-
customed to outdoor work; they are readily em-
ployed on the plantations; and instead of beirtg
a burden they are a benefit, and earn more than
they cost to the Government.
Now, sir, we are dealing out rations to colored,
people in some portions -of the southern country.'
They are working for us at Che same time; and-
many of the men and boys are receiving as high
as twenty or twenty-five dollars a month for ser-
vices rendered our officers, and thislaborlsscarce;
it can hardly be obtained at all.
Weare dealmgout rations to white people,some
of them the wives and children of rebel soldiers, by
the tens of thousands. I was told by a colonel of the
Army a day or two ago that we are giving out at
Norfolk or m that neighborhood nearly three thou-
sand rations daily to white people who do nothing
at all. The colored people come around our en-
campments orgo on the plantations, on lands that
are let out to woik. If we give anything to them
they are set at work as eaily us possibly and earn
their living. White people come around, and, as
a matter o!" humanity to keep them from starving,
we are dealing out rations to them, but they do
not go to work.
I do not think we need trouble ourselves at all
about the women and children of these colored
people. I believe they can take care of them-
selves. There may be-times and occasions when
they cost the Governmentsomething; but taking
the year through and the countiy through, since
this war commenced, they have paid for what
has been given,and they aie the only class of peo-
ple m that country to whom we have given any-
thing that have done it. All over that country
where our ainues are going we are dealing out
rations as a matter of humanity to keep the life in
the white people, and many of them are the fami-
lies of men who are fighting us on the battle-field.
Now, sir, I think as we have made this distinc-
tion in the resolution in regard to bounty so that
we can reserve the #100 bounty or a large portion
of it in th.it part of the country, I think that will
be ample. Wc placed that provision in "the reso-
lution for that very purpose. When a colored
man enlists in the loyal States, there is no reason
why lie should not have the $100 bounty; and we
ptovide for it and wc authonze the President if
he chooses to give it to him; but we leave the
amountdiscretionary m his hands. General But-
ler says that m that portion of Virginia under his
command he can get men for a bounty of ten dol-
lais. There is no need then of giving any more
theie. We propose to give more where we do
need it; but we can reserve out of this bounty
ample m-cans to support these people.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not mean to detain
the Senate for any time at all upon the point of
the injustice of taking from these men the pay to
secure which has occasioned a struggle here run-
ning through parts of five or six different days,
in a full debate each day. But I should like to
know, before I vote in favor of this amendment,
what is to become of this fund, or who is to have
the control and distribution of it? If wflkhnve
fifty thousandcolored troops in the southerPStates
this sum of four dollars a month letained from
their wajres would amount to ยง'200,000 a month,
and it will be more or less according to the num-
ber of these men enlisting m the service. I do
not understand that the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin proposes any plan or dispo-
sition whatever. The money, then, will either
he in the Tieasury, to be disposed of under the
direction of the Piesidentor the Secretary of War
in any way they may see fit, or we shall be re-
quired to enact another law creating commission-
ers or officers, with salaried and perquisites, for
the purpose of disposing of this fund and seeing
that it ts properly applied; and after we have
passed such a law I am by no means certain
that the agents and commissioners and persons
cluuged with the distribution of the fund will not
receive by far the largest part of it.
Mr. DOOLITTLK. My friend from New Jer-
sey 
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator from Wis-
consin permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire him while he is up,
