1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBB.
corps, instead of tanking them by an increased
grade. The Military Committees of the House
of Representatives and of the Senate had no doubt
about the propriety of it, and 1 hope it will be
passed.
Mr. FESSENDENT, I should like to under-
stand a little more about this bill. Is ita special
act to make the Provost Marshal General a brig-
adier general ?
Mr. CONNESS. If is to make the office of
Provost Marshal General of that rank.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be read again.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I think I can satisfy
the Senator hum Maine in a moment. Under the
emollment act a Provost Marshal General was
authorized to be appointed with the rank of
colonel. This bill pi oposes to give him the rank
of brigadier g< nercil, but he will not be a geneial
until after confirmation. It does not author-
ize 
Mr. FES3ENDEN. It is a simple provision
of law passed specially to make a paiticuiar offi-
cer a biigadier general. If there is any necessity
for it, very well; but if the officer holding that
rank ought to be a brigadier, it is competent for
the Executive, when there is a vacancy, toappoint
a biigadier.
Mi. LANE, of Indiana. The Senator wholly
misconceives the hill. It is not an act to make
ColomlFiy a bi ij^ulier general.
Mr. FE^SENDEN. But to make the person
holding the nlfiee a brigadier.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are half a dozen
tilings they can do, Thf y can appoint a hiiga-
dier general the Provost Maishai General.
Mr. IsrA NE, of Indiana. They cannot under
the law. That is ihe veiy difficulty. The iaw
requites that the Provost Marshal Genera! shall
be a colonel. We propose to make him a brig-
adier, because there are a good many colonels un-
der him. It is thought proper by the War De-
partment and everybody else that ihe head of the
corps should be a brigadier general, so as to com-
mand others.
Air. FESSENDEN." I think very highly of the
present Ptovosr Marshal General, and 1 have no
objection to his being made a brigadier general m
the regular way; but this contrivance for adding
one to the list of brigadiers, simply on the idea
that he is commanding officers of equal rank with
himself, amounts to just nothing. It is always
so in the case of a bureau officer; it is the case in
the Navy every day, where an officer at the head
of a bureau is commanding men of the same par-
ticular stripe with himself, who aie hissupeuors
in point of a^e. There is no difficulty; they
merely obey orders issuing ftom the office of the
Provost Marshal General.
Mr GRIMES. It is so in the Army too.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Every day in the Army
it is so. We have given the President the power
to appoint any person that he sees fit to appoint
to command an army, or to command a corps, and
those who are senior to himself m point of lank
may be commanded by him in that way. We
have made a special provision for that putpose,
and it is every day's practice. Why cannotitas
well be done by a buieau officer who equals in
rank others who happen to be in the same brand)
of service as by an officer jn the field who holds
the rank of major general commanding men who
are his supeuoisr What is the difficulty about
it? He has been acting for a year in that office.
Has there been any difficulty ? Has there been
any disobedience of orders or any trouble of that
description?
I am not convinced by the arguments of the
Senator from Indiana. If it is put upon the
ground that Colonel Fry himself, from his mer-
its, ought to be a brigadier general, it would be
a different question, it is competent for the Pres-
ident to appoint him a brigadier; bu: to add one
to the list of brigadiers, under what seems to be
a meie frivolous objection, when the ride sug-
gested is disregarded in the Army every day, and
disregaided by the law we have ourselves passed
for the regulation of the Army, seems to me to
be strange.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The honorable Sen-
ator from Maine seems to have overlooked en-
tirely the mam point on which I put this promo-
tion, and that is the natuie and importance of the
duties to be discharged. At one time last fall
! Colonel Fry had command of foity-seven thou-
! sand troons—more than an Army corps.
I Mr. FliSSENDEN. Was lie not all the time
sitting m ins office issuing directions to A, 13, C,
and D, scattered all over the country in little
squads or large squads, and under the command
of men ? I suppose the object was, was it uot, to
carry out the law for conscription?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I think the nature of
the duties discharged by Colonel Fry and the effi-
cient manner in which he has discharged then)
call for a. measure of this kind. There was a time
when he was chief of staff in the field and dis-
charged his duties with distinguished ability; he
! was complimented by commanding officers foi
' seivice in the field, and in my opinion there is no
better officer in the service. I have no personal
interest in the mattei, but we supposed that the
public interest would be promoted by making him
a brigadier general.
Mi. FESSENDEN. That is a matter,in my
judgment, to be discussed in executive session.
The argument now is what I supposed it must
come to: it is nothing in the world but an act
brought m heie to make a particular person a
bi ig.uiier general because he is in a particular sit-
uation. That, in my judgment, is entirely im-
proper. As 1 said before, if it is desirable that Col-
onel Fry should hold this officeJet the President
send his name to us as a brigadier general and
then we can consider it.
IV! r. LANE, of Indiana. The Senator will par-
don me for suggesting ihatunder the conscription
law the Picsident has no right to send him here
for confii mation as a brigadier general. The law
provides that the Provost Marshal General shall
be a colonel.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But he can select him
and make him a geneial, and then the War De-
paitmeni can assign him to tins particular duty.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Not under the con-
sei iption law, for under that law ihe Provost Mar-
shal General must be a colonel, and cannot be
anything else. The Senator says this matter
ought to be discussed in executive session, it
never can be discussed in executive session until
you pass a law authorizing a brigadier general to
fill this place, and then a nomination will be sent
to us in executive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said his fitness for a
bi igmUcrtihip should be discussed in executive
session.
Mr, JOHNSON. If the fact referred to by the
Senator from Indiana creates some difficulty in
the appointment by the President, because under
the law as it stands nobody can be Provost Mar-
shal General who holds a lank higher than that
of colonel, u is easy to avoid that by changing
the law in that respect,
iVl r. LANE, of Indiana. That is precisely what
the bill does, it provides that the Provost Mar-
shal Geneial may be a brigadier instead of a
colonel.
Mr. JOHNSON. But it makes him a briga-
dier, does it not ?
Mr LANE, of Indiana. Not at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 thought it did.
The VICE PRES1 DENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call lip the unfinished business of {Saturday.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I ask that the Seriate
may give time to lake a vote on this bill, which
has been lying- here f(>  two or thiee months.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
I jeetion, the Chair will pass over the special order.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. It certainly must make
discussion, for it cannot go through without de-
liberation, at the very end of the morning hour.
It involves the question of taismg the grade of an
officer and adding one to the number of brigadier
generals which we have fixed upon. Itisaques-
j tion that ought to be d< liberately considered by
! the Senate. I therefore cannot give way to this
bill, which must necessai ily muktt discussion be-
fore it is acted upon. As 1 said before, I should
be very unwilling here or any where else to say a
word that was in detogaiion of ihe standing and
ability of Colonel Fry, and I disclaim anything
of that soil; but the measure itself, in my judg-
j merit, in the way u is brought up is improper.
! LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPKOPIU.YTION 23! LI.
I The Y1CE PRESIDENT. The unfiuibliod
! business of Satuiduy is the bill (H. R. jXo. 192)
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending 30th of June, 1665, which is
now before the Semite'as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr, SUMNER. Before the Senate proceeds
j with theconsideralionof that bill, 1 wish to make
I an appeal to the Senator from Maine, and beg him
to understand—i see that he has comc prepared
with his papers—that I should not make the ap-
peal unless under a sense of duty. There isabill
which 1 had the honor of reporting from a com-
mittee of this body as long ago as February 29,
of this yearv it 1ms been twice made a special or-
der, but has been set aside by other business. It
is the bill to repeal all acts for the rendition of
fugitives from service or labpr.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will make a great
deal of debate.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to make my state-
ment. The Senator says if will make a great deal
of debate. I doubt if it will. 1 think the topic
has already been amply discussed in connection
with other matters during this session. I have
several times yielded to an amiable pressure from
different quarters, reluctantly, always against my
own sense of duty, but from my desire to oblige
my associates in this body. One appropriation
bill has been interposed on the motion of the
Senator from Maine, which has taken up several
days. Now, I submit, the time has come when
ihis bill ought to be considered. Let us give one
day to it at least. I make the suggestion with
reluctance to the Senator, because t see that he
has come prepared to go on with his bill, and I
do respect so much the order of business and the
preparations which Senators may have made to
do their part in the order of business, that I should
not make this suggestion except under a sense of
{ duty. I am for the appropriation bill. The Seo-
, ator knows that I am always in my seat to sa«~
i tain all his motions with regard to appropriation
| bills; but this bill is committed to my care, and I
therefore appeal to the Senator to allow it to be
proceeded with to-day. There is in his appro-
priation bill an innate vitality which will carry it;
it cannot lose by delay; the public interests can-
not suffer from delay; but I do submit that the
public interest, the good name of this country,
sufleis by every day's delay in the repeal of the
i fugitive slave act.
i Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Massachu-
t setts had given notice of his purpose to call op
1 that bill, 1 should have interposed no objection,
but I prefer that it should not now be called up*as
1 was not expecting it to be called up this morn-
ing. I do not think there is any need for ihe pas-
sage of the bill. I believe that it will effect noth-
ing practically, that everything that can be done in
that line for any practical purpose lias already
been done or is in course of being done; but the
honorable Senator is the best judge on that point
himself. If he will give notice that he will call
it up to-morrow, or any subsequent day, I shall
interpose no sort of objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I know very well that the
Senator from Kentucky is not in favor of the bill.
He announced thatat the beginning, [know that
he does not regaid Has calculated to do any good.
Thatheannouncedm the beginning; thereforehie
counsels on that subject aie such as (he will ex-
cuse me) I cannot accept. Th<i Senator also re-
members that 1 have more than once at his sug-
gestion allowed this question to be postponed:
iherefore I now turn to the Senator fiom Maine,
and appeal to him to allow this question to be
proceeded with, and let us get a vote on it before
we separate to-niffht.
1 Mr. FESSENDEN. Icannotconceiveany other
! motive that the Senator could have in making
| such an appeal to me under such circumstances,
i except by some way or other to put upon me the
! pet sonal tesponsibility before the country ofdelay-
j ms: the consideration of the bill for the repeal of the
'• fugitive slave law. He knows very well that I have
! given notice that i should call up this appropriation
I; bill. I ga\e notice last week, and I have repeat-
: edly urgt d upon the Senate the necessity of act-
ing on the appropriation bills, and warned them
of the pressure of business; and now that I am
before it, instead of getting up and moving, as he
j| can do, to substitute his bill and let the Senate
1 judge between the two, he appeals to me to with-
draw my appropiiation bill and let him move to
