1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
-take up his bill; the effect of my refusal being, I
suppose, that certain papers in the country, which
the Seuator very well understands, will say, " If
it had not been for Mr. Fessenden, of Maine, the
fugitive slave law would have been repealed.'' 'If
the Senator wants to do it let him make his motion
to the Senate to substitute his bill, and let the
Senate,decide on it, and not appeal to me to take
the responsibility.
Mr. HSNDlllCKS. 1 desire to say to the
Senator from Maine that he need not be con-
cerned about that responsibility, for objection
would have been made in other quarters. That
bill could not have been brought up out of its or-
der this morning except by a vote of the Senate*
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that; and I say
the Senutorfrom Massachusetts is at liberty if he
chooses, to move that that bill be taken up, and this
be laid aside. He knows perfectly well, every-
body knows, it is said to me all around, that
theie will be debate upon it. We all understand
that there must he debate, and long debate, upon
it. The appeal to me, therefore, is entirely out
of place. If (he Senator desires fo accomplish
that purpose, let him make his motion to the Sen-
ate, and the Senate will determine, and the re-
sponsibility will not be upon my shoulders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no mo-
tion before the Senate, and unless some motion
is submitted tlie Secretary will proceed to read
the pending bill.
Mr. SUMNER. The bilUs surely before the
Senate 
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is before
the Senate.
. Mr. SUMNER. And the question is whether
it shall he proceeded with
The VICE PRESIDENT. To raise thatques-
tion requires a motion, without which this debate
is not in order. If the Senator submits a motion
to lay this bill aside, and take up any other bill,
debate will be in order on that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have nlieudy said that I do
not wish to submit a motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the debate
is e'eariy not in order, because there is no question
.before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not in my power to
lay aside a bill which has been assigned by the
Senate for this hour.
Mr. SUMNER. The measure, I take it, is, to
a certain extent, in the custody of the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nothing can be done with
itwithout amotion. I cannot lay it aside simply
because 1 happen to represent the bill here. 1
have no power to Jay it aside when the Senate has
fixed a time for its consideration. The only mode
in winch it can bo done is by a motion. If the
Senator desires to take up his bill he should make
his motion to the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I desire not to take up the
time of the Senate, but simply to notify the body
that as soon as these bills in charge of the Finance
Committee are disposed of I shall move to take
up and press for the consideration of the Senate
the bill to prevent military interference with elec-
tions. That bill has been debated for some four
days, and I think the debate is nearly over. I
shall not, however, antagonize it with the bills of
the Finance Committee.
The VICE PRESI DENT. Tim Secretary will
read the appropriation bill which is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that time may
be saved by taking up the several amendmentsand
acting upon them as they are teached in order, in-
stead of reading the whole bill through fit-stand then
going back and reading each amendment sepa-
rately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be puisued, if there be no objection. The Chan-
hears none.
The Secretary read the bill to the end of the
forty-sixth l ne.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before acting upon the
printed amendment, I wish to suggest a. new one
which will be th" first amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance. It is in line forty-tour, to
strike out ** $480" and insert " $600 " The idea
is to raise the pay of those two laborers of the
Senate from to $600 a year. The present
pay is altogether too small, indeed insignificant,
for the labor whh h they have to do,and as a mat-
ter of justice the committee think it ought to be
raised to $600 a year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the first printed amendment
of the Committee on Finance, which was, in the
forty-sixth and forty-seventh lines, to strike out
"#79,014" as the aggregate appropriation for the
officers, clerks, messengers,ana others in the ser-
vice of the Senate receiving an annual salary, and
insert "$92,244."
. Mr. FESSENDEN. It will be necessary to
add $240 to that sum, in consequence of the
amendment we have just made. I move, there-
fore,to amend the amendment by raising the sum
'to be inserted from $92,244 to $92,484.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted;
and the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add after line forty-
seven, "captain of the Capitol police, $870; Cap-
itol police, $11,880; one policeman, $480."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By a mistake in printing,
those words come in after the forty-seventh line.
They should come in after the word "dollars"
in the forty-fifth line.
Tiie VICE PRESIDENT. That transposi-
tion will be made.
The next amendment was to strike out of the
appropriations for the contingent expenses of the
Senate the item in lines sixty-four and sixty-five,
" for Capitol police, $12,275."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is in consequence
of the amendment before made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the appro-
priations for "public printing,"after line one hun-
dred and fifty-nme, " for mapping in cases pend-
ing in the Supreme Court of the United States
$£ooo.;"
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the word
" three" before " laborers," in line one hundred
and sixty-four, in the appropriations for the Li-
brary (if Congress; so as to make the clause read:
Fot compensation of iibrauan, three assistant librarians
messenger, ami tlneo lubntois, $10,300.
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment was, in the appropri-
ations for incidental and contingent expenses of
the Dquutmentof State, in line two hundred and
eleven, to strike out "blank-books, binding,"
and in line two hundred and twelve to strike out
" ten" and insert " nine;" so as to make those
lines rend:
For stationery, furniture, fixtures, and repairs, $9,000,
Mr. JOHNSON. Why is that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the law now stands,
all the printing and binding and furnishing of
blank-books, and everything of that sort, is un-
der the control of the Superintendent of Public
Printing, and he furnishes blank-books of all
kinds and does all the printing for the Depart
ments which may be necessary—everything that
is needed in the city of Washington. Most of the
bureaus get their blank-boqks of him and get
their printing doneathis office; and thatis proper
to carry outlhe law; but still, inasmuch as they
have been in the habit of keeping their accounts
headed in a particular way, they continue to make
estimates in tins particular form, and I am told
that in some of the bureaus those who have control
undertake togetblank-bookse!sewheie,and bind-
ingdone elsewhere, instead of going to the Super-
intendent of Public Printing for them. We have
proposed to strike out these items entnely in every
case, and have the thing done according to law.
The amendment svas agreed to.
The next amendment was, after the word
i " clerks,"in line two hundred and twenty-seven,
to insert:
Superintending architect at a salary of $3,000, assistant
architect at a salary of .$2,000.
And in line two hundred and thirty-one, to
siiike out "seventeen" and insert "sixteen;" so
as to make the clause read:
For compensation of the Secretary of the Treasury, two
Assistant Secretaries of tiie Treasury, chief elerk, clerk*,
superintending aiolntcct at a *>alaiy of §3,001), assistant
arelmect at a salary of $9,0'J0, messengers, assistant mes-
senger, and Jaboreis, $116,400.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Finance how he makes the whole
appropriation there to be less than it was origin-
ally?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was an error.
Mr. JOHNSON. But the amendment provides
for a superintending architect and an assistant
architect at a salary of $5,000 for the two, and yet
reduces the total appropriation $1,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When the estimate was
originally made it was understood that the com-
pensation of the Second Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury was to be $4,000, but in the law
authorizing the appointment of that officer we
fixed it at $3,000. That makes the difference of
$1,000. . The provision as to the architects adds
nothing; it only makes the matter more definite.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines two hundred
and thirty-seven and two hundred and thirty-
eight, to reduce the appropriation for compensa-
tion of the Second Comptroller and the employes
in his office from $112,940 to $107,140.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the ap-
propriation for compensation of the Second Aud-
itor and the clerks, messengers, and laborers in
his office, from $322,540 to $337,340.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the ap-
propriation for compensation of the Fifth Aud-
itor and the employes in his office from $47,640 to
$47,840.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines two
hundred and ninety-two to two hundred and nine-
ty-eight, as follows:
For compensation of temporary clcrks in tte Treasury
Depaitment, {Provided, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and tie is hen-by, authorized, in his difciction, to
classify the clerks authorized according to tiie ciiaiacterof
then services', or a^ign to  ueh of them he shall fit
any compensation not exceeding that of cloiks of the fn&t
class,) $50,000.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For compensation to clerks and extra cieik lure in the
TicflMny Department, to "be expended by the Secretary of
the Tieasury accouling to the necessities of tiie service,
$30,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That amendment was
proposed by the Committee on Finance in order
to meet a certain difficulty which arose in the
office of the Treasurer; but on the whole it has
been concluded to make another provision for
that, which renders this change unnecessary. [
will therefore suggest that the Senate disagree to
this amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. What do you substitute for
it?
IMr. FESSENDEN. We propose to substi-
tute nothing for it here.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 now propose to amend
the clause which the Senate has refused to strike
out, by reducing the appropriation in line two
hundred and ninety-seven from $50,000 to $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out of the appropriation for
contingent expenses of the Second Comptroller's
.office the words " blank-hooks, binding," and !o
reduce the amount appropriated from $2,000 to
$1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out " blank-
books, binding," from the item appropriating for
contingent expenses of the First Auditoi's office,
and to reduce the amount of the appropriation
from $1,500 to $1,300.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words " required foralaige number of temporary
clerks," in the following item appropriating for
contingent expenses of the Second Auditor's
office:
For stationery, office furniture, and miscellaneous items,
including two of the city new-papets to be filed and pre-
served foi the use of tiie otfiee, and for additional oftice
furniture ami -stationery required lor a large number Ot
temporary eleiks. $J«>,u00
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, amendment was m the clause appro-
priating for contingent expenses in the Third
Auditor's office, to strike out the words " blank-
books, binding," and to reduce the appropriation
from $5,000 to $4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
