58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Oojvtg. ... 1st Sess
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Powell.
[March 3,
Senate.
striking and unmistakable manner in the elections
in the States of Kentucky and Maryland.
• If the committee will adhere to the principle
laid down in the extract which I have just read
from their report, and will say that it is the duty
of Congress by legislation to prevent the evil,
then on the evidence I propose to present 1 shall
have a right to demand their votes for this bill, or
some bill to carry out the same views and objects.
The committee notice the statute of George II,
passed in 1735, and they append a copy of it to
the report.
I referred to that statute in the debate when
this bill was up for reference; and the committee,
in speaking of it, say:
" It cannot escape notice that the leading object of this
ancient statute, as sufficiently evidenced by the preamble,
was 1 the preservation of the rights and liberties of the
kingdom,' not their destruction. And the history of the
time shows that the prohibition to keep military forces near
places where there was an election of members of Pailia-
ment, arose from outrages practiced upon the electors by
the ministers in posting troops so as to overawe them, and
coerce them into the returning of candidates friendly to the
ministerial party, and the supporters of preiogative against
popular rights. And we are told that, so far did this party
push their schemes, that in 1734, the year before the act was
parsed, the ministers, before the election took place, made
out a list of the sixteen Scottish peers who were to be
elected,which was approved by the Crown; and that, among
other foul means resorted to for securing their election, a
battalion of the king's troops were drawn up in the couu
of Edinburg,coutiary to custom, and without any apparent
caufec but that oi overawing the electors. This outrage
appeals to have been the immediate occasion of the passage
of the act. It was passed iu the interest of liberty, and in
resistance of the tyiannical scheme* of the Crown and its
flatterers to cl.ock its growth by stifling the voice ot free
election."
That is the commentary the committee make
upon that wise statute, and a moat excellent com-
mentary it is, and it is the very object recited in
that statute which is to be effected by the passage
of the bill under consideration. We desire to pre-
vent the President and his officers from interfer-
ing in elections. We desire to preserve the an-
cient liberties of the people, and we know that that
cannot be done unless elections are absolutely
free. We desire that the President shall not aug-
ment his power and overthrow the rights and lib-
erties of the people by returning to the Congress
of the United States or to the Legislatures of the
Statea men elccted at the point of the bayonet,
who are willing tools, ready to do his bidding.
It is Tor that very purpose that we propose this
bill. Conduct far more outrageous against the
right of suffrage has occurred in theaeUnited States
within the last two years than is represented by
the committee in their comment upon this statute
of George U to have occurred in Great Britain.
The committee had before them an address
and certain documents concerning elections in the
State of Kentucky upon which they comment at
some length. So far as the military interference
in the State of Kentucky is concerned, [will state
the facts very briefly, and i will notice the report
of the committee on that subject. The first pal-
pable act of the interference of the military in re-
gal d to elections in that State occurred in the
winter of 1863. During that winter there was a
meeting of the Democratic party assembled at the
capital of Kentucky for the purpose of nominating
candidates for Governor and the other State offices.
That convention was dispersed by a Colonel
Gilbert, commanding a regiment of United States
troops. I offered in this"Chamber a resolution
asking for a committcc to investigate the conduct
of that military officer in that interference with
the right of the people to meet peaceably and to
nominate candidates for office. The majority of
the Senate declined to give me that committee.
Afterwards, candidates nominated by one of the
political organizations in Kentucky took the field.
There were other persons, composed somewhat
of both these parties, who determined, notwith-
standing the interference at Frankfort, to organ-
ize the Democratic party. They did so by ad-
dressing a letter, which was signed by a large
number of respectable gentlemen in the State, to
Hon. Charles A. Wiekliffc, requesting him to be-
come a candidate for Governor. He did become
a candidate for Go vcrnoi, and other gentlemen be-
came candidates for other State offices, and the
State ticket was filled and regularly put on the
track for the election to be held on the first Mon-
day of August last.
Then it was that the military interfered in many
parts of the State. In some parts of the State, i
am happy to say, there was no interference or
very litile, except intimidation in consequence of
military orders that had been issued. There was
no direct and immediate interference by force,
except in certain localities in the State. A com-
mittee of gentlemen who represented the organ-
ization that supported theWickliffe ticket wrote
an address to the people and to Congress in which
they recited some of the acts of interference by
the military authorities, which was presented to
the Senate and referred to the Military Commit-
tee that had this bill in charge.
The committee in their report make very harsh
and unjust remarks on the gentlemen who signed
this address, and they do what is common with
gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber.
Whenever they want to break the force of an ar-
gument, or refute a fact, whenever they desire to
defeat an object that they think is calculated to in-
jure the party in power, they accuse those who
make the charge of disloyalty, and they vainly
think that is an answer to every argument and a
refutation of every charge. The gentlemen who
compose the committee that framed this address
are charged as disloyal in the report of the com-
mittee, and the Military Committee embody in
their report the letter of the gentlemen who in-
vited Mr. Wiekliffc to become a candidate.
They harshly criticise that letter, and they pre-
tend to regard the letter as disloyal. In order thai
these gentlemen may have a full vindication, as
far as it is possible for me to make it, I will ap-
pend their letter entire to my speech, end send it
to the people; the letter will fully vindicate them
from the unjust chaiges of the committee. I am
ready and willing to maintain against all opposi-
tion the sentiments and principlessct forth m that
letter. To be sure, the writers of the letter very
justly censure the Administration for unconstitu-
tional acts. Among other things, it says:
"We hold tins rebellion utteily unjustifiable in its in-
ception, and the dissolution ot the Union the greatest of
calamities'.
" We would use all jufstand constitutional moan-* adapt-
ed to the suppression of the one and the restoration of the
other.'"
That is the kind of language used by these gen-
tlemen; and yet because they have had the patriot-
ism, manhood, and courage to set forth the facts,
and to prove beyond doubt the most unjustifiable
and outrageous interference of the military in the
elections in Kentucky, the Committee on Military
Affairs, to get clear of and weaken the force of the
facts and arguments set forth in the address, be-
ing wholly unable to meet them in fair and manly
argument, or refute the facts, denounce the au-
thors of the addiewsas disloyal. Sir, I make bold
to say, that so far as I know the gentlemen who
signed that letter, and I know the most of them,
there is not one of them who is or ever was dis-
loyal. They are, earh and every one of them,
Union men. Their Unionism has been tested;
they have been tried and not found wanting in
fidelity to the constitutional Union of our fathers.
The committee aie very much mistaken in some
matters stated as fact in their report. On the
10th page they say:
"The wiiters, though pretending to Jiold the rebellion
( Utterly unjustifiable m it> inception,' leave a stiong impli-
cation that it had become not unjustifiable, and seem to re-
gard the employment ot negro troops to ' make w.ir upon
the whites" in the rebel .State* as changing lis original char-
acter ironi unjustifiable to the eontraiy. And such they
and then candidate undoubtedly regaided it, and had in
contemplation to take measures of violence toiesistit. At
this time the reei niting of black troops, under the act ot
1862, wasi in active ptosriess in Kentucky, Tennessee, and
othci slavohoidmg distucte."
Now, sir, at that time the enlisting of black
troops was not actively going on in Kentucky.
Every citizen of Kentucky knows that the com-
mittee are mistaken when they make that asser-
tion. It has only been very recently that there
has been any recruiting of negroes in Kentucky,
and that, I believe, has been confined to the south-
ern border of the State. And yet, sir, in order
to make out a case against these gentlemen and
against the Democratic candidate for Governor,
Mr. Wicklifle, the committee assert as a fact what
is not true. The committee, I have no doubt, were
mistaken. I will not charge that they would in-
tentionally misrepresent.
The committee base that assault upon the Dem-
ocratic ticket and the gentlemen who signed that
letter upon this clause in the letter;
il It is  o>w obvious that the fixed purpose of the Admin-
istration is to arm the negroes of the South to make war
upon the whites, and we hold it to be the dut> of the people
of Kentucky to filter against such a policy a solemn and
most emphatic protest."
The committee construe that to mean the tak-
ing of violent measures against the Government!
Every Union Legislature that has convened in
Kentucky since this rebellion broke out has passed
resolves protesting against the enlistment of that
description of the population in the Army. The
people of Kentucky have uniformly protested
against it; and yet, because the gentlemen who
signed that letter also protest against it, the com-
mittee think that is highly revolutionary, L.et
me ask the Committee on Military Affairs if the
people of any State in this Union have not the
right to make theirprotest against any policy of
the General Government? Most undoubtedly
they have. If not they are the veriest slaves.
Why, sir, it is done on some measure or another in
almost every State in the Union every month dur-
ing the session of Congress, ft is the mode in
which a free people make known their will", and
arrest the attention of those who administer their
Government affairs for the time being; and yet
the Committee on Military Affairs think there is
something criminal even m that!
The committee say that Mr. Wiekliffc and the
fentlemen who united him to becometicandidate
esired rebels to vote. I will read that part of the
report:
"The authors of the address, with commendable t/uth-
fulnepi, say:1 It is very fiankiy admitted tTi.it we hoped and
expected to obtain the suppottoftheji eat mass of the south-
ern lights men of the State. They were, for the most pais,
Demoeiats oi long standing. Though classed by the iulhei-
enfs ofthc Administration as {<dislo\al7" the gioat minor-
ity of them were not secessionist"!, and weic entirely tree
from all complicity in the jebelliou, Sof«irfioin esteeming
it a fault of which* we should be a*h  ned,,we l^garded the
effort to conciliate them, if it could be done without asac-
lifice of piinciple on either side, ;fs highly meritorious; ami
we now gratefully acknowledge the cordial support which
that portion of our fellow-citizens were ready and anxious
to yield to our platform and candidate whenever permuted
to do so.'"
Upon that the committcc remaik:
" This is an express avowal ofthe purpose of the wi iters
and of Mr. Wicklifle, their candidate, to obtain the votes.,
not, only ot loyal Demoeiats, but of persons who were open
rebels, however numerous they might h . No one can deny
thfc, and no one eati deny that sueh a purpose wa-i diiectly
in the teeth not only of General Burnside's pioelamatiou
establishing martial law, but of the statute of Kentucky of
Maieh 11. It invited open enemies,whose hands weiered
with the bloodofthe defendeisotthe Government,and who
were loaded with the spoils of plundeied lojalMs, toconid
to the polls and participate m the election of the officeisof
a loyal State ! There is but one step, and that a short one.
between this invitation and openly embracing tb<> lebei
cause."
The committee say that they invited those
whose hands were red with the blood of Union-
ists, and who were loaded with tiie spoils of the
plundered friends of the Union, to came to the
polls. Why, sir, never weie ;i committee more
mistaken. Those gentlemen did no such thing.
They desired no rebel to vote. They asked the
vote of no rebel. They desired that the consti-
tution and election laws of Kentucky should be
carried out, and faithfully administered by the
officers appointed by the State for that purpose.
I have read the extract from the address that
called forth that comment. It says that they ex-
pected the support of the southern rights men of
the State. The honorable Committee on Military
Affairs must be most profoundly ignorant of the
principles and feelings of those who atone time
were called southern rights men in Kentucky.
That address tells you that the great majority .of
those southern rights men were not secessionists,
and were entirely free from all complicity in ihe re-
bellion; and yet the Committee on Military Affairs
say that the authors of this address invited those
whose hands were red with the blood of Union
men, and who were loaded with spoils taken from
plundered loyalists, to come to the polls. The
committee were drawing upon their fancy for their
facts in making such a statement, and a most dis-
tempered fancy it must have been. They could
not have been deluded by the words " southern
rights,"because thisaddress states distinctly that
the southern rights men were not secessionists,
and were not implicated in the rebellion.
Allow me to say to the Senate a( rhn point that
