1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on sayings banks. On the contrary, in the case
to which I have adverted, I argued against the
policy, and the court decided that at any rate the
State of Maryland had no right to tax that por-
tion of the deposits of these banks which they had
invested in United States securities. All I mean to
say is that the Senate ought to act understanding^
on the subject, that they are exempting from tax-
ation perhaps some three hundred million dollars.
*Mr. CLARK. I will state to the Senator from
Maryland that the policy of the State of New
Hampshire has been a different one from that of the
State of Maryland, as I understand it. The policy
of our State has been to encourage these institu-
tions. Wehaveregardeditasfitand proper toen-
courage a person who had got a little money to put
itsomewhere where hecould have alittle something
on his earnings, and thus learn to accumulate.
The savings banks generally say that they will
only take such an amount, and they do not go
beyond it. They pay an interest of five percent,
per annum to the depositors, dividing it once in
three months, and then if, after paying expenses,
there is an accumulation of interest, they divide
that out, some at the end of one year and some
at the end of five years, so that the depositors get
everything that is earned except the mere pay-
ment of the treasurer. Not a director or com-
mittee-man, on loans or anything of that kind,
receives a dollar for his expenses. 1 have been con-
nected with one of these institutions for twenty
years, and I have never had a cent for my ser-
vices. I have given my services gratuitously, for
the purpose of encouraging persons who have
small sums to put them into bank and thus pre-
serve them. We have a pretty large deposit, and
so far as we have been able we have aided the
Government with it in this emergency.
Mr. HENDERSON. In my section of coun-
try we have no institutions such as have been
described by the Senator from Vermont. I desire
very much to relieve those banks that he speaks
of; I think they ought to be relieved. I find by
looking at the returns from his State that the
amount of deposits in the savings banks there in
1863 was $1,339,793. That would be a very small
item, and would show that the banks there were
of such a character as he describes.
Mr. COLLAMER. There are six or eight of
them.
Mr. HENDERSON. But when I come to the
State of New York I find that in 1863 there were
deposited in the savings banks m that State
$76,538,183. I do not know the character of
those banks. They may be called savings banks
and yet may be doing a banking business. In
the returns which I have before me they are put
under the head of savings banks. When I come
to New Hampshire I find that in 1863 there were
deposited in the savings banks of that State
$6,560,308. When I come to Massachusetts I
find that there are ninety-three savings banks in
that State, and that their deposits in 1863 were
$50,404,623. So it is in other States.
Looking to New England I really find that the
savings banks have rather a small amount of de-
posits, and must be of the character described
by the Senators from New England. But unless
this amendment is very carefujly worded, will
there not be some danger of removing an im-
mense amount of money in some of the other
States from taxation as provided by the amend-
ment now under consideration ? The arilount is
much larger than the Senator from Maryland
suggested. There are between three and four
hundred million dollars deposited in the sav-
ings banks so called. I do not know whether
they are all such savings banks as have been
described here. Some of them may be banks of
capital where dividends are made and divided
 mong the stockholders. They may not be
such banks as have been described by the Sena-
tors from New England. I think the amendment
ought to be carefully worded, so as to confine this
exception to that class of banks alone where
small deposits are made by poor persons—such
banks as were suggested by the Senator from
New Hampshire a momentago,where the direct-
ors themselves receive no compensation, where
•it is not intended that they should do a banking
business except for the purpose of loaning the
small deposits of poor persons who work in the
factories, &c., and to realize something from
those deposits for them. There is danger that an
immense banking business may be done under
the head ofsavings banks, and thereby the Gov-
ernment be deprived of an immense revenue.
Mr. CLARK. The amendment of the Sena-
tor from Vermont provides that they shall do no
other business whatever except merely to receive
the money and loan it out for the benefit of the
depositors. I suggest to the Senator from Mis-
souri that you cannot fix it by the amount of de-
posits, because different banks receive different
amounts from depositors but all precisely in the
same way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to detain the
Senate, but I must suggest that you are legislat-
ing for savings banks m Vermont and you are
using descriptive words which may cover banks
all over the country that may have enormous de-
posits. In some of theStates" savings bank" isa
mere name of an ordinary bank. Some banks are
called " savings banks" just as others are called
" farmers' banks" and " merchants' banks."
Mr. CLARK. Was the Senatorgiving his at-
tention > The amendment provides that they
shall be banks which receive money andjoan it
out for depositors only, and do no other Business.
Mi"- SHERMAN. They receive money for
poor people and invest it. Why should they not
pay tax? I do not see any reason in the world.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They pay the income tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why should they not pay
a tax on deposits?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not use their
deposits.
Mr. SHERMAN. In ordinary country banks
some people make deposits of small sums draw-
ing no interest, simply depositing the money in
bank for their own convenience; and yet the
bank is taxed on those deposits. When individ-
uals choose to deposit their money in one of these
savings banks they get some profit; they get the
interest. Why should they not pay a tax?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why should they pay
a tax on them, and then pay an income tax too ?
Why should they pay itany more than we should
say to the Senator from Ohio, ' Sir, you have
loaned $1,000, and shall pay five per cent, on your
income, and in addition you shall pay another tax
because you have loaned it; you have deposited
$1,000 with the Senator from Iowa, and you shall
pay, therefore, a tax on your deposits and a tax
on your income too." There is no difference be-
tween the cases.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer that by this
familiar case: suppose the Senator from Maine
loans me $1,000 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Maine
cannot do it; he has not got the money; it is not
a supposable case. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. Take the case as a suppos-
able case. He has to stamp the note. Somebody
has to pay for the stamp. Why should he be re-
quired to pay for the stamp? This tax on de-
posits is equivalent to u stamp tax or something
of that kind. I am afraid that in endeavoring to
exempt poor people in Vermont from this small
tax you will exempt a great many people who are
not so poor, and you will defeat a very important
object in endeavoring to reach an exceptional case.
That is the way it strikes.me.
Mr. COLLAMER. It amounts to just this: if
a poor man has loaned and saved together $100,
if ne loans it himself itis all very well, there is no
tax to be paid; but if a number of poor men get
together and get somebody who they suppose is
more competent to attend to it than they are to
loan it for them, then you say you have some-
thing that you can lay your hand on and get a
tax from, because it is a deposit. Right is one
thing. Power to do the thing is another. The
Senator from Ohio wants to touch these deposits
because we have the power.
Mr. GRIMES. If my recollection serves me
aright, the Senator proposed such an amendment
to the last tax bill 
Mr. COLLAMER. It was adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to know whether any
bad result has flowed from that? I can see that
there ought to be a difference between a savings
bank that merely acts as the trustee for poor men
and invests their money which comcs in in small
driblets in larger sums, and a bank that receives
deposits and buys and sells bills of exchange. I
do not want to exclude the latter from paying
taxes under the operation of this provision, and
I do not understand, a similar provision having"
been adopted in the former bill, that such a pro-
vision as this would prevent their paying their
just proportion of tax, and hence it seems to me
that it is manifestly proper that this amendment,
should be adopted if it is strictly to apply to thosfe
banks that are legitimate savings banks.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is the only question.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems therehasbeena con-
struction given to this language.
Mr. Henderson, i do not know about
that, I do not know what the assessors do.
Mr. COLLAMER. The expression is that
savings bankfc shall be excepted that confine their .
business to receiving money for depositors and
loaning the same for them.
Mr. HENDERSON. Every bank just does
that. ["No," "No."]
Mr. COLLAMER. If they make a bad in-
vestment the depositors lose.
Mr. GRIMES. Other banks do notloan money
for the depositors.
Mr. HENDERSON. The only difference is
the difference between a mutual insurance com-
pany and an insurance company with capital. It
makes very little difference to me whether I insure
in a mutual insurance company or whether I in-
sure in a company where the capital has been sub-
scribed and paid in. I am in favor of the propo-
sition made by the Senator from Vermont, but I
do not desire to vote upon it in its present shape,
nnd I suggest that it be passed over for the pres-
ent, so that we can look to the wording of it, and
exempt only those banks described by the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. The motive I had in the
description contained in this amendment was to
make it certain that only our savings banks should
1)6 excepted.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am aware of that, but
I do riot want to be called upon to vote just now,
because I wish to see that that is certain.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very well; let it passover.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The further
consideration of this amendment will be pHssed
by by unanimous consent unless a vote is insisted
upon by some Semitor. It will belaid asido for
the present.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have a number of verbal
amendments that I wish to call attention*to. The
first is on page 59
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before that is done, if
the Senator will allow, I wish to make a motion
that at half past four o'clock the Senate take a re-
cess until seven o'clock. It is quite a com toll-
able and cool evening, and I think we can make
some progress.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-three,
noes not counted.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to take the
sense of the Senate on adjourning over from Sat-
urday until Wednesday. [" No," " No."]
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot do it by the
Constitution.
Mr..LANE, of Kansas. I make the motion
that when the Senate adjourns on Saturday it be
to meet on Wednesday.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to the
gentleman making the motion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not want to make
the motion if it is to be defeated. I want the
Senate to adjourn over the Baltimore coavention.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can
entertain the motion made by the Senator from
Kansas only by common consent.
Mr. WILSON. I object.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the motion cannot be entertained.
Mr. WILSON. I have been requested by sev-
eral Senators to withdraw my objection, for the
purpose of taking the sense of the Senate, and as
I believe the sense of the Senate will be against
having anything to do with that matter at Balti-
more, 1 withdraw the objection.
ARMY NEWS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore read to the Sen-
ate the following communication received by him
from the Sectetary of War:
\VrAIt DEPARTMENT,
Washington, June '2, 186d.
Sin.: A dispatch from Genera! Grant's headquarters,
dated jesterday, June 1, at fen a. m., has been received.
It state?:
"At five p. in. yesterday Sheridan, perceiving a force of
