1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1687
Tiio next amendment was to strike out" blank- |
books" from the items of appropriation for con-
tingent expenses it) the Fifth Amiitoi*s office, and
to reditcc the amountappropruued from §*2,000 to
$1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was to strike out " blank-
books, binding" from the items of appropriation
for contingent expenses in the office of the Aud-
itor of the Treasury for the Post Office Department,
and to reduce the amount appropuated from $3,600
to $2,GOO.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to have that
amendment divided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
be put on the first branch of the amendment,
striking out the words " blank-books, binding."
The first branch oftheamendmentwasasreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I wish the second branch
of the amendment reducing the appiopnation to
$2,600 to be disagreed to.
The second branch of the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. FESSENDEN \ now move to amend
the clause by staking out " $600," so as to make
the appropriation $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out "blank-books, bind-
ing," from the items of appropriation for contin-
gent expenses in the office of the Solicitor of the
Treasury, and to reduce the amountappropriated
from $2,200 to §2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words "blank-books" and 44 binding" in the
clause appropriating $1,000 for contingent ex-
penses in the office of the Commissioner of Cus-
toms.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out " blank-
books" from the items of appropriation for con-
tingent expenses in the office of the Comptroller
of the Currency, and to reduce the amount of the
appropriation from $8,000 to *$6,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out " blank-
books, binding," fi om the items of appropriation
for contingent expenses in the office of Indian
Affairs, and to reduce the appropriation from
#5,000 to $4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out tl blank-
books, binding books" from the items of contin-
gent expenses in the office of the Commissioner
of Pensions, and to reduce the appropriation from
$15,000 to $12,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out " blank-
books" from the items of contingent expenses
appropriated for m the office of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hundred
and two to strike out " four" and insert "five,"
eo as to read, " fiscal yearending June 30,1865."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the ap-
propriation for the compensation of the cleiks
and messengers in the office of the Adjutant Gen-
era! from $92,120 to $'223,920.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to mcrcase the ap-
propriation for compensation of the clerks, mes-
sengeis, &c., in the office of the Ciuartermaster
General from §181,560 to $390,160.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the ap-
propiiauon for compensation of the cleiks and
messengeis in the office of the Paymaster General
from ^109,480 to §255,200.
Tht amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the ap-
propriation for compensation of the clerks, mes-
senger, and laborers in the office of the Commis-
sary General from §35,640 to $85,640.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to mciease the ap-
propriation for tiie compensation of the clerks,
messengers, and laborers in the Chief Engineer's
office from §>25,660 to $28,880.
The nm^ndment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the ap-
piopi Kmon for compensation of the clerks and
mus>-'ojr(>r m the office of ihe Colonel of Ordnance
from $,47,640 to $172,040.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was to strike out" blank-
books" from the items of contingent expenses
in the office of the Secretary of War, and to re-
duce the appropriation for those purposes from
§20,000 to $15,000.'
Mr. FES^ENDEN. I desire to have the ques-
tion taken separably on the two portions of that
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the first
question wilt be on striking out the words" blank-
books" in line five hundred and forty.
Mr. FESSENDEN Those words may be
stricken out.
The amendment wos agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
will be on striking out "twenty" and inserting
" fifteen" in line five hundred and forty-one, so
as to make the appropiintion $15,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have become satisfied
on inquiiy that it will not be advisable to reduce
that sum. I hope therefore it will be left as it
is, and that the Senate will not agree to the
amendment reported from the Committee on Fi-
nance.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to strike out" blank-
books" and " binding" from the items of con-
tingent expenses appropriated for in the Adjutant
General's office, and to increasetheappropriation
fiom $10,000 to $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to stiike out " blank*
books"and " binding" in the items of contingent
expenses in the Quartermaster General's office.
The amenilmem'was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out " blank-
books" and "binding" in the contingent items
appropriated for in the Paymaster General's
office.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hundred
and fifty-three to strike out " blank-books" and
" and binding, including,"and in line five hundred
and fifty-four to insert" and miscellaneous items,"
so as to make the clause read:
Office of the Commissarv General:
For stationer), rem oi office, and iilie of watchmen, and
miscellaneous, ttems, $lo,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out " blank-
books" nnd " binding" from the items of appro-
priation for contingent expenses in the office of
the Chief Engineer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to stiike out " blank-
books" and " binding" from the items of appro-
priation for contingent expenses in the office of
the Surgeon General.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was so to modify the fol-
lowing clause:
Office of the Colonel of Ordnance :
For blank-book-, siationeiy, binding, and miscellaneous
items, including §1,000 foi binary, $11,000.
As to make it read:
Ofliee of the Colonel of Oidnance;
For btationeiy and miscellaneous items, $7,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was to strike oat " bank-
books, binding," from the items of contingent
expenses appropriated for in the office of the Sec-
retary of the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to,
The nextamendment was to strike out" books"
in the clause appropriating for contingent items
of expenditure in the Bureau of Yards and Docks.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was to strike out" books"
from the items of appropriation for contingent ex-
penses of the Bureau of Equipment and Recruit-
ing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike "blank-
books" from the items of contingent expenses ap-
propriated for in the Bureau of Ordnance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike "blank-
books, binding," from the contingent items ap-
propriated for in the Bureau of Construction and
Repair?.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike " blank-
books, binding," from the contingent items ap-
propriated forin the Bureau ofSteam Engineering.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike u blank-
books" from the items of contingent expenses
appropriated for in the Bureau of Provisions and
Clothing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outu blank-
books" from the contingent items appropriated
for in the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words " biank-books, binding,and" before " sta-
tionei y " in the items of appropriation for contin-
gent expenses of the Post Office Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, 1 desire to move another
amendment to that clause in oider to make it a
lutle more definite. In lint; six hundred and sev-
enty, after the woid " including," I move to in-
set t the words "fuel for;" so that it will read;
For stationery, fuel for the General Tost Office building,
including fuel-tor the Auditor's office, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing items:
D'-p:ntment of Agiiculture:
Foi compensation of Commissioner of Agiiculture, chief
clerk, botanist, entomologist, and chi misl, §11 s000.
For compensation of eleik->, diaughtsinan, assistant
chemist, ti an-latoi, messengers, and laboteis, $29,60t).
I'or contingencies, vu: lor stationeiy, wood, eon!, gas,
and miscellaneous ncm , $3,500.
For eolleeUng agricultural statistic?, $23,000.
For the p.i\ mem ot aiuelestuinisiied lor the agricultural
rcpoit tot 1801, $3,393.
For the puielidse of l.biar) , $1,000.
F'oi puieh.ise of laboratoiy, .£5,01)0.
For puich.ise and di&tnbutRm of new and valuable seeds,
viz:
For purchase of cereal, vegetable, and flower seeds,
$30,000.
For seed room:
For compensation of sups-i intendent-and clerks, $3,000.
Foi seed-bags and bagging, and distubunoij .of seeds,
$<>4,000.
For contingencies of seed-room, viz: For coal, guar,
packing paper,and miscellaneous items, §330u0.
For piopug.ituiggarden:
For propagation and distubution of valuable plants, cut-
ting-, and sinub-, viz: For labor, repaid of old propaga-
ting hou^e, new piopagatmg house, rebuilding s>hoj , and
loi pineliase ot tiees, cuttings, vines, and bulbs,<$10,ti00:
Provided, That sueh trees, euiiings, vine*, and bulbs, so
puteh-xsed oi winch shall be piopo^uted, thall be eucli as
are adapted to general cultivation and to pioinote the gen-
eral interests ot liorticultuie and agriculture Uuoughout
the United States.
Foi cxpei iniental gai den on reservation number two, viz:
For salary of to) ennui and laboieis, ©3,000.
Foi keep of a hoise, stable, and neceasaiy building-*, and
for seeds, manuie, tools, and miscellaneous, items, 3:},000.
Foi lurniuite lor the Department, viz: carpets, de&ks,
and btoves, £300.
And in lieu of them to insert:
Depaumeut of Agriculture :
Foi compensation oi the Commissioner of Ajrleuitme,
chief el( rlv, one clerk of the fourth cSo-s, two cle.ka of tin*
third clasp, lour.clerks o>' the second ela^five elerkaof
the iiiclass, a chemist at an annual &>ahuy ot §"2,UU0, au
assistant chemist at an annual salaiy ot $1,-100, adiaughta-
man at an annual salary of §1,000, a tianslatoi at an an-
nual salarj ot £1,200, two messengers at an annual suiaiy
ot £800 each, and two laborers at an annua! ?aiaiy of &.400
each, §29,fc-'OO.
For contingencies, viz ; for stationery, wood,coal,gas,
and miscellaneous items', $3,500.
For collecting agricultural statistics, §15,000.
For furniture, viz. carpets, desks, and stove?, $500.
For the payment of articles furnished for the agricultural
report tor 1801, §3,303.
For the putehase of laboiatoiy, $5,000.
For the purchase and distubution or new and valuable
seeds. j5*20,u00.
Foi labor m putting up seeds, seed-bags and bagging.
$12,500.
For contingencies of seed room, viz: coal, gum,pack-
ing paper, and miscellaneous items, §"2,000,
For iabji in propagating garden, $5,000.
Foi repairs of old propagating house, $500.
For purchase of nees, cuttings, & c., §^,000.
Mr. SHERM Ai\. Before the vote is taken on
!j the amendment 1 propose to amend the portion
!! of the lull proposed to be stricken out.
|! The VICE PRESIDENT. "Thatis in order,
jj Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Agri-
!! culture took this appropriation under coHsidtra-
'! lion, and instructed the Senator from Iowa, [Mi.
