THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Harian,] who is not now in his scat, to move
mi aipendfiK'nt to the part of the bill which the
Committee on Finance propose to strike oat.
The Senator from Iowa, I understand, has been
called home, or has gone home at least, anil I have
not,the formal amendment before me, but-I have
•a copy of it, 1 believe, as near as we can make
,jt out. I will follow the instructions of the Com-
mittee on Agriculture by offering this ns an
amendment to the part proposed to be stricken
.out. I hope the Senator from Maine -will be
•Satisfied with the amendment I offer and will
abandon his. I will remark 
Mr. PESSENDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator in advance, that it is not the amendment of
the Senator from Maine, it is the amendment of
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. I will state
that the Committee on Agriculture took up this
"question and examined it thoroughly. They
have adopted several of the suggestions of the
Committee on Finance, but leave the amount very
nearly as it is in the House bill. We reduce the
amount, I believe, about ten or twelve thousand
dollars in the acgregate, but have adopted the
description and classification of officers very much
rs.reported by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON. How much is the whole
amount appropriated in the House bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole amount in the
House hill is, I think, §156,000 or §157,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
. proposed by the Senator appears to be an amend-
ment to the words proposed to be inserted by the
Committee on Finance, rather than to those to be
stricken out.
Mr.SHERMAN. We took up the bill as it
came from the House of Representatives, and I
think it would be better to leave the amendment in
that form: to move to strike out so much of the
House bill as relates to the Department of Agri-
culture after the words " Department of Agricul-
ture," and insert what I send to the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have it
read.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will watch
the amendment of the Committee on Finance
while this amendment is being read, he will see
the variation.
The VICE PRESIDENT The Senator pro-
-poses to amend the words which the committee
report to strike out, by striking out all after the
word "for," and inserting the words which will
now be read:
The Secretary read, as follows:
Compensation of the Commissioner of* Agriculture, chief
clerk, one cieik of the fourrh class, fourclerks of tin: third
class, lour clerks ot the second class, six clerks of the first
class, an entomologist at an annual t-nlary ot $i2.000,a chem-
ist at an annual -salary of $2,01)0, an assistant chemist at an
annual fnlaiy of §1,400, a draughtsman at an annual sal-
ary oi'^1,400, a translator at an annua! salaiy of$ 1,200, two
messengers at an annual salary of $600 each, and two la
borers at an animal salary of $400 each, $38,000.
For contingencies, viz; for stationery, wood, coal, gas,
mid twcellaUeous items, $3,500.
For collecting agricultural statistics and information for
irnorts, $20,000.
Foi furniture, viz: carpets, deeks, and stoves, $800.
For the puichase of a hbraiy and laboratory, $'4,000.
Tor the purchase and dh-tnbution of new and valuable
peetla, and for labor m putting up seeds, seed-bags, ami bag-
gin*, $54,000.
For compensation of superintendent of seed mom, at an
annual salary of $1,600, and two clerks of the first class,
§4,000.
For contingencies of seed-room* via • coal, gum, packing
paper, and miscellaneous items, §3,000.
For propagating gaiden:
For propagation and distribution of valuable plants, cut-
ting*, and shrubs, viz : for labor, repairs of old propagating
house, new propagating house, rebuilding shop, and for pur-
chase of trees, cuttings, vines, and bulb's, $-10,800: Pro-
vided, That etich trees, cuttings, vines, and bulbs so p'ui-
chased, or which shall be propagated, shall be such as aie
adapted to general cultivation, and to promote the general
interests of horiicultute and agriculture thioughout the Uni-
ted States.
For experimental ground and reservation No.2, viz:
For salary ot foreman and iaborers, $3,000.
For keep of a horbe. stable, and necessary buildings, and
for seeds, manuie, tool-., and miscellaneous item* $-1,000.
Air. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
how much his amendment reduces the appropria-
tion in the original House bill?
Mr.SHERMAN. I think it is between eleven
and twelve thousand dollats. The Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Harlan] had made a carefully pre-
pared statemcntabout it. My impression is that
the reduction is about eleven thousand dollars.
Mr. JOHNSON. How much will it increase
the amount recommended by the Committee on
Finance ?
Mv. FESSENDEN. About forty or fifty thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I remember the figures
correctly, (I will not be positive about it,) the
House of Representatives appropriated $157,000.
The Committee on Finance have appropriated
about one hundred thousand dollars, if I am cor-
rect. The recommendations of the Committee
on Agriculture amount to about one hundred and
forty-four thousand dollars. They may vary a
little more or less from that amount. We exam-
ined the subject very thoroughly, and the Sen-
ator from Iowa informed himself very fully as to
the details of this appropriation; he examined the
propagating garden, and would be prepared to
give quite a number of details, which 1 am not;
but he is not here to speak for himself.
Mr. POWELL. I will state to the chairman
of the Committee on Finance that the Committee
on Agriculture considered this matter very mi-
nutely. We had the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture and his chief clerk before us, and they con-
sidered that this was as low an appropriation as
they could possibly carry on the establishment
for this year. I do not think there can be any
reduction in our estimate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That depends entirely
upon what Congress means to do with reference
to this Department. If they mean that its ex-
penditures shall go on increasing in the ratio of
about fifty per cent., or perhaps one hundred per
cent, every year, of course they will make these
appropriations as they are caUcd for. 1 should
like to call back the attention of Senators to the
state of things as it exists upon this subject.
Until the session before the last, this Depart-
ment of Agriculture was under the direction of
the Secretai y of the Intel ior, and we appropriated
for the purpose of carrying it on, pui chasing seeds
and cuttings, &c., and distributing them, about
sixty thousand dollars. It was then pioposed
to make this Department an independent Depart-
ment. It was expressly argued and stated by the
then Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. Simmons)
theft all that was desired was to make this Depart-
ment independent of ihe Interior Department; that
the farmers demanded it; that they had a pride
about it; but it was not intended to increase the
expenditure, but simply to put it upon a new
footingand make it an independent concern. I
resisted it, saying that if that was done the next
thing that would be done would be just what we
have, a Committee on Agriculture, and this would
grow up into a large and cxpensiveestablishment.
But the arguments of gentlemen on the other side
prevailed, and they passed the bill.
The result was that at the very next session,
the last session of Congress, the Commissioner
of Agriculture came in here with an estimate of
about one hundred and thirty thousand dollars as
the least that he could get along with. I called
the attention of Senators then to what had been
said before on the subject; but like the words
and explanations that arc used in forming a stat-
ute, they ignored all that; they said that would
do very well for an argument to pass the bill, but
now that the Department was created we should
properly provide for it and make larger appro-
priations. Then we had this proposition with
icgard to an entomologist and a chemist, and I
do not know how many ologies and divers and
sundry improvements of that sort as absolutely
necessary to make the Department what it ought
to be. The Committee on Finance resisted it,
and finally succeeded in keeping the expenditure
for the last year, or in providing for the expend-
iture during the last year of about ninety-five
thousand dollars, which was till that both branches
thought to be necessary.
At the beginning of this Congress, however, the
Commissioner came for a deficiency occasioned
by expenditures which he had made, all of which ;
was not granted, but a certain portion was, under j
the advice of the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me at that point, I will state that the Commis-
sioner after reading the debate, finding that there
was complaint made against him on account of
that deficiency, withdrew it, 1 understand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the money was not
expended.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not even appropriated. It
was put in as an amendment by the Senate, and
not agreed to in the House of Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, it was; and it stands
now on the books of the Treasury, and the Com"
missioner is atliberty to avail himself of it when-
ever he chooses.
Well,sir, that was thought to be liberal,jump-
ing up from $60,000 to $95,000; butat this session
the views of the Commissioner are still further
enlarged, and he calls for an appropriation of
about one hundred and fifty-seven thousand dol-
lars. That is very much more than double,
nearly treble, of what was expended by this De-
partment of Agriculture two or three years ago.
Senators will perceive, on reading this appropria-
tion, how extensive the views of the Commissioner
are. He now proposes, and the Committee on
Agriculture are willing that he should do it, to
take a large piece of ground in front of the Pres-
ident's House down toward the water,and make
what is called an experimental garden. The ap-
propriation in the bill is simply for this year;
but the Senate will perceive that the moment thaS
establishment is started as an experimental gar-
den, it must necessarily increase and enlarge, and
it will be but a very short time before that will
cost us §50,000 a year to carry it on.
Then we have the Department of Agriculture;
we have the propagating garden, in front of Mis-
souii avenue, I think; and in addition to that we
are to have the large reservation in front of the
President's House as an experimental garden.
We arc to have, also, a chemist—that is agreed
to—and an entomologist, and divers and sundry
others, for this large establishment. Senators can
perceive where it will end.
Much has been said about the expenditures of
the Government and the necessity of economiz-
ing. 1 might ask whether this iy a time to com-
mence upon an experimental garden; whether it
is advisable for us to begin thene expenditures
at the present time. I think the difficulty grows
in a very great measure or is aggravated by the
fact that we have a Committee on Agriculture,
composed of exceedingly intelligent gentlemen,
but from the fact that they are on the Committee
on Agriculture they are obliged, I suppose, to con-
sider it their duty to act with reference to that De-
partment on the largest possible scale, and to do
everything that is required or that the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture may suppose to be advis-
able in order to extend his operations.
The Committee on Finance, on looking this
matter over, have kept the appropriations, I think,
within $100,000. The sum appropriated in the
amendment of the committee is just about one
hundred thousand dollars. They have struck out
the experimental garden. They have kept the
chemist and the laboratory, for the reason that
the laboratory was ordered last year and the
chemist also, but the other officers were not.
Last year Congress struck out the appropriation
for the botanist and entomologist; but this year
they are in the bill again. The Committee on
Agriculture, I believe, do not recommend the bot-
anist, but they recommend the entomologist. The
next year we shall have the botanist undoubi
ediy. Tiie same is true with regard to the cleika
anu draughtsman.
The Senate will observe something very singu-
lar about this, and it shows the expense at which
these things are done. I do not s-uppobe but what
is all right, so far as the actual expense is con-
cerned. Here in the estimate is $30,000 for the
purchase and distribution of new and valuable
seeds. It costs the Government §32,000 simply
to distribute that $30,000 worth of new and valu-
able seeds. The salary of the superintendent of
seed room, and three clerks of the first class,and
the labor of putting up and cost of seed-bags and
contingencies, amount to $32,000. I do not know
whether the Committee on Agriculture has re-
duced that or not. It may be necessary. It may
cost that.
Mr. SHERMAN. We put it at $24,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it is a little reduced,
and the principal reduction is on that.
We have now an old propagating house. We
are willing- to repair it. Rut it is now proposed
to have a new propagating house down in the
propagating garden at an expense of $2,500.
That the Committee on Finance did not deem ne-
cessary. They did not think it worth while to
enlarge their operations. With regard to the
