642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 13,
from Pennsylvania [Mr/CowAN] m the /orm of-
tt substitute for the whole resolution.
Mr. COWAN. I will simply state, Mr. Pres-
ident,* that in the Constitution there was no dis-
tinction taken as to color between the citizcns of
this Republic. The word "slave" was sedu-
lously Kept out of that instrument. And in the
first place, I think in the first clause of the instru-
ment, where he was alluded to at all he was put
upon the same footing with our wives and our
children and our people who are non-electors.
He was counted in the census in order to entitle
him to a representation upon the floor of the
House of Representatives; and although he might
not have been counted as a unit, he was counted
as a fraction. In the next clause he was consid-
ered the same as though he were a foreigner—
that clause which prevents a tax fiom being levied
upon the importation of any persons after a par-
ticular year; and lastly he was put upon pre-
cisely the same footing with our apprentices in
the fugitive clause.
Now, Mr. President, I am in favor of continu-
ing that idea and proceeding upon that hypothesis
throughout. I can conceive of no greater mis-
chief in a republic than that it should have two
classes of citizens requiring separate classes of
laws and making distinctions between them; and
I think it would have been better from the out-
start of this difficulty just to consider the negro
as the Constitution considers him, to consider him
as a person, not as a chattel, not as property, but
as a citizen protected m his life and limb. 1 do
not know whether his reputation was protected
or not; but certainly it was an often so to murder
him, and equally an offense to maim him. Then
being protected, he owed allegiance; and owing
allegiance he was bound to render military ser-
vice just the same as any other man was. I think
that idea should be earned out.
I cannot conceive of a republic existing at all
recognizing all through in its laws such a dis-
tinction as wo have been taking between the negro
and the white man. 1 suppose you eould just as
well make it between the men who have rod hair
and the men who have black hair, oi the men
who have fair hair and the men who have gray
hair. To me it would have precisely the same
significance under our Constitution. 1 have been,
therefore, from the beginning m favor of the hy-
pothesis I now suggest, that the negro be treated
precisely the same as another man, particularly
in the suppression of this rebellion. I think I
long ago said to the Senate that when our armies
proceed southward, for the purpose of restoring
peace and order, and the influence of the Govern-
ment and the laws, if they found the negro an
enemy and in arms they would kill him, capture
him, just as another man; if they found him a
friend, thoy would use him.
Now, Mr. President, what could be simpler>
Nothing that I can conceive of. Hut it wus said
then and perhaps will be said now, u Suppose
somebody comes and claims this man as a chattel
from the military officer?" The answer is obvious,
lie has a right to say, 41 I cannot tell whether
this is your chattel or no;" or as somebody put
it very well, " I cannot tell whether you own the
nigger or the nigger owns you. I find tins man
a person, so designated by the great charter of
the Government which 1 seive, and 1 will treat
lum as such, if it so happens that he is not that
you must find your remedy elsewhere. I have
no authoiity to determine."
In the same way when the mihtiuof the nation
are to be enrolled I would make no distinction
whatever; I would enroll all able-bodied m.de
citizens between the ages of twenty and foitv-fivc
as we have it now, if you please, without stop-
ping to ascertain whether one man was fairer or
darker than another. If we cannot get along
upon that hypothesis here we shall never get
along, if wc cannot administer our laws by con-
sidering the citizens all upon the same footing we
cannot get along by dividing them into classes
and legislating for classes.
But this mischief has to a certain extent taken
place; it has prevailed. "We gave to white men
thirteen dollars a month and we gave to black
men ten dollars a month. Now what is the simple
remedy? Why, sir, I would suggest, with'all
deference to the opinions of other men who have
more wisdom and more experience in regard to
this matter than I have, that we should retrace
our footsteps and from henceforth just simpiy put
them "a!I on the same footing; let it he enacted j
from this time henceforth that all soldiers of the j
Republic of the same grade and in the same arm
of the service shall be entitled to the same pay,
the same rations, and the same pension. Who
can object to that? Is it not effecting justice to
everybody ? It puts us on ground upon which we
can stand not only now but in all time hereafter,
and we stand, too, precisely where our fathers
did when they made the Constitution; we stand
without recognizing this distinction among our
people.
I trust, therefore, that this amendment will pre-
vail, that this substitute will be adopted for the
original resolution, and that henceforth we may
hear nothing about this distinction which has been
supposed to prevail among our citizens. I think
it will be fair to every one.
Mr. SAULSRURY. Mr. President, after the
explanation given by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania of the reason which has induced him to offer
this amendment, even if I had been disposed to
vote for it before, 1 will not vote for it now. When
that Senator rises to address the Senate on ques-
tions in which legal principles are involved, I al-
ways listen to him with gieatattention and great
respect. But I umleistand him heretoudvocatein
his place as a Senator the doctrine that within the
sense and the meaning of the Constitution a negro
is a citizen of the United States. Sir, I will not
enter into the discussion of (hat question; but
the fact, that such an idea has been presented to
the Senate by the Senator from Pennsylvania, for
whose legal knowledge I have the greatest respect,
causes me to rise and simply to enter my protest
against that doctrine, and to say that if that is the
basis of his pioposition for amendment, if that is
the principle that he wishes to be recognized by
the adoption of (heamendment, it is wo abhorrent
to my views both of constitutional hiw and of
what ought under all circumstances, not only in
the past and in the present, but in the future, to
be constitutional law, that 1 will not give it my
suppoit by my vote.
Sir, whatever may be my opinions in reference
to the propiiety of war as a menus of settlingour
sectional difficulties, no vote of mine shall ever
be given by which equality in any respect shall
be recognized between the white soldier end the
black soldier. Since I have listened to this debate
and heard the words Kt colored soldiers"and "col-
ored persons" used in it, I have tiied to recollect
how old I was before I ever heard that term ''col-
ored person" used. I think I was a man twenty-
one years of age before I ever heard the term " col-
ored person" used. In the section of country
from which I come we use plain language and
language of known signification, and the term
that wo have been accustomed to is u negro."
Now, lo and behold, in the advancement of civ-
ilization and Christianity and refinement of which
we bear so much, the negro has got to be a" col-
ored person." [Laughter.] And when you come
to provide for calling them into the public service
there must be perfect equality!
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from Delaware
allow me to inquire if the negroes in Delaware are
not colored? [Laughter.]
Mr. SAULSBUUY. [ doubt very much
whether they are so colored as they are in Wiscon-
sin, according to the population. [Laughter.]
I did not rise, however, Mr. President, to enter
into any general discussion of this question, but
.simply to enter my protest, against the constitu-
tional view of it presented by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, and to way in conciusion that by
no vote of mine and by no act of mine while I am
a member of this body, while in public life, nor
in any relation of private life which 1 may here-
after sustain, will I ever recognize the eqality of
the negro race socially, politically, or otherwise,
with the white racc.
Mr. COWAN. 1 only wish to say a single
word. 1 think the honorable Senator from Del-
aware exaggerates very much the position which
I assumed for the negto. He seems to confound
the word " citizen" with the word "elector."
When I say that the negro is a citizen, I do not
mean to say that he k equal to the white man. I
mean no such thing. I do not mean to say tint
he is equal to a white woman, or to a white child,
or to a white apprentice. I have no concern what-
ever with that question. That is a mere matter of
taste which the Senator frqm Delaware and the
Senators from Massachusetts may settle if they
choose." What I mean to assert, however, is that
the negro under the Constitution has a particular
legal status, which in my judgment makes him a
citizen; and why? He is protected by the law.
Being protected, and protection and all"giance be-
ing reciprocal, he is therefore a citizen. I would
ask the Senator from Delaware whether a negro
could not commit treason; whether he might be
indicted, and convicted, and executed for treason ?
If he cannot be punished for treason, then we
have four million people existing in the United
States to-day all of whom may become traitors
with impunity. I suppose no Senator would be
willing to admit that such a state of affairs exists
in this country, or that it ever could be allowed
to exist in any country.
Mr. President, although I might be willing
upon another occasion to controvert the doctrine
of the Dred Scott case, and to show or attempt to
show that the negro is a citizen and entitled to
enter the United States courts under our judiciary
laws, yet I waive that even here. I do not assert
here, as against that decision, that he is a citizen for
that ptupose; but I do asseit that he is a citizen
owing allegiance to this Government, and owing
thatallegiance he is bound to military service, and
no greater mistake in the world could be made by
the Government or its Legislature than to discrim-
inate between him and any other class of citizens
owing military service. I should just as soon think
of providing for the case of minors as for the case
of negroes, or for the case of apprentices as for
the case of negroes. And therefore I think it is
that we should abolish this distinction and begin
at last to legislate for the nation and to talk for the
nation, and to leave those distinctions which ex-
ist between its people to be settled by the social
judgment of common life, instead of the political
judgment of the nation. All people are notequal
anywhere. In every society there are grades su-
perior and inferior; but who in legislation talks
about those guides and proposes to legislate for
them? Nobody. The lawgiver is supposed to
leave that to the neighborhood in which it is
found, and to allow them to adjust it,and I think
properly.
Air. CARLILE. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Air. CARLILE. Do I understand the Senator
to say that no one can commit treason against the
Government unless he be a citizen: to advance
the idea that because a negro can commit treason
against the Government he must be a citizen ?
Mr. COWAN. No; that is one of the non
sequiturs of which I have not been guilty. 1 say
that when the negro is protected he owes allegi-
ance, and that as he owes allegiance he is a citi-
zen and liable to military service. Although that
allegiance may not be the allegiance to which
the honorable Senator from Virginia alludes and
which he evidently has in his eye, that is, the al-
legiance of a naturalized citizen, still it is that
allegiance which makes him a citizen—the same
allcgmnce, if you please, which makes a sojourner
among us liable to treason for the time being.
An alien who comes here and is protected in his
sojourn among us, if he commit treason maybe
punished for it, and therefore owes a qualified
allegiance.
1 hope that this proposition will prevail, and I
furtherhope that if it prevail and we proceed upon
that theoiy we shall get rid of a very exciting
and troublesome subject, and for the tuture per-
haps banish " the inevitable negro" from the
halls of legislation.
Air. LANE, of Kansas. I now move that the
Senate adjourn.
Air. TEN EYCK. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. HENDRICIiS. Before the vote is taken,
I wish to state that my colleague [Air. Lane, of
Indiana] has been kept from the Senate during
the latter votes of to-day's session by indisposi-
tion.
Mr. POWELL. 1 will state that the Senator
from Illinois [Air. Richardson] has been sum-
moned home in consequence of illness in his fam-
ily, and he has gone to his lodgings to make prep-
arations to start on his journey.
Air. WADE. I will state that the Senator from
