THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
rebel cavalry at CoJd Harbor, which prored to be Fitzhugh
kee's division, attacked, and, after a hard fight, toured it,
together with Cliuguian's hu£ade of infantry, which came
to support. Sheridan remained m possession of the
place. I!« reported at dark, that he had a considerable
mimtx't of ptisoner-*, and there were many rebel dead and
wounded on the field. lie was ordered to hold the posi-
tion, and at ten p. m. the sixth corps (Wright's) set out to
occupy it.
" Wb have not yet beard from Wright or Sheridan this
morning, and do notjstfow whether the former has got his
troops t<  the destination. Smith (Baldy) must be close
upon Wright's column.. This morning the enemy are also
moving a heavy column in the same direction. The order
has just gone to Warren to fall upon their flank,
" Wilson had a fight last evening near Hanover Oourt-
House with Young's brigade of cavalry. He routed Young,
killing and capturing many, but there has been a good deal
of artillery firing in that direction this morning.
u Warren icportcd last night that in his fight of Monday
afternoon, near Bethe^da Church, Colonel Tyrrell, thir-
teenth Virginia, and Colonel Willis, commanding Pegram's
brigade, wVro killed. Colonel Christian, lorty-uiuth Penn-
sylvania, was; wounded and eapruied; so was the acting
adjutant general of Ramsay's brigade, name not leported.
Ten other commissioned officers and-.evenly piivates were
captured. Sixty lebehv were buited on the field.
"In our center Bum-side reports his advanced lines as
being within a mile and a halt of Mechantesville.,5
E. M. STANTON,
Secretary of War-
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled lulls find joint reso-
lution; which were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 218) to repeal the first section of
the joint resolution relative to the transfer of per-
sons in the military service to the naval servicc,
approved February 24, 18G4;
A bill (II. R. No. 120) to reestablish the prin-
cipal port of entry for the district of Champluin,
at Pittsburgh, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. II. No. 395) to provide a national
currency, secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and re-
demption thereof;
A bill (H. R. No. 474) to amend an act rela-
tive to the public printing; arid
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 51) relative to
the claim'of William Wheeler Hubbell.
COMMITTED SERVICE".
Mr.SAULSBURY. 1 wish to mako ix personal
request of the Senate, as I am about to leave the
city. I move that the Senate excuse me from
further service upon the Committee on Commeice.
The motion was agieed to,
UOOSK BILL lUSI'KIUtKD.
The bill h'nm the House of Urpiesentativey
(No. 483) giantiug lands to aid in the construe. -
non ot a ruiiioad and telegraph Inn- from Lake
Supenoi to Puget sound, on tin- Pacific, coast,
by the northi ru route, was read twice by us tale.
Mr. JOHNSON and Mr. RAM^LY. Let it
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 hope ihat bill will go to
the Committee on the Pacific Raihoad. I ask fur
a vote on ihequesiton of lis reference.
Mr. RAMSEY. The bill ought to be sent, I
think, to its friends, and not io its enemies.
Mr. CONNIES, i should like to know on
what reason the honoiable Senator from Minne-
sota now claims or undeitakes to say that the
Committee on the Pacific Raihoad are the enemies
of this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There being
a question as regards the reference, the Chair will
put the vote first on the motion to refer this bill
to the Committee on Public Lands. The Senator
from California suggests the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to say to the Senate
betore the vote is taken that i for one am not op-
posed to tins bill; on the contrary, I am in favor
ot giving any giant they want in reason; butthe
business ol this bill appropriately is with the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and 1 hope it
will he so referred.
Mr. JOHNSON. I introduced a bill of the
same ktud with the one which is now before the
Senate, and I supposed it was proper, and there-
fore made the motion, to refer iito the Committee
on Puolic Lands, witic|is was done. I think this
bill ought to lake the same direction.
Mr. URIMLS. Wiiai do wo have the Com-
mittee on the Railroad for?
Mr. McDOTJGALL. The grant in aid of a
road by the northern route from St. Paul to Pu-
get sound involves nothing more than a grant
of lands. Therefore I think it might well go, as
all bills of that kind have gone, to the Committee
on Public Lands. I suggest to my colleague that
as itinvolves nothing but the administration of the
public lands of the United States, it should prop-
erly go to that committee. It has been so before.
Mr. CONNESS. I was quite aware of that;
but I thought it was lather invidious, as this bill
proposes a railroad to the Pacific ocean, to take
it away from the committee specially constituted
in this body to consider that question. I am not
aware of one single voice against it in the com-
mittee. Gentlemen, I think, mistake if they ap-
prehend that there is any enmity to it in that
committee. I thought it was rather invidious to
propose to send it to another committee when
there was one created for the purpose of consid-
ering the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall this bill be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands?"
The rrmtion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under, the
order of the Senate, the Chair announces that a
recess will now take place until seven o'clock this
evening.  
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.
ItULEASK 01? PROPERTY EKOIVI ATTACHMENT.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Semite pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 355.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. It. No. 355-) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to stipulate for the release
from attachment or other process of property
claimed by the United Stales, and for other pur-
poses. It provides that whenever any property
owned or held hy the United States, or in which
the United States have or claim an mteiest, shall,
in any judicial proceeding under the laws of any
State, District, orTemtory, be seized, arrested,
attached, or held for the security or satisfaction
of any claim made against said properly, it shall
be lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury, in
his discretion, to dheet the Solicitorof theTieas-
uiy to cause a stipulation to be entered into by
the proper district attorney for the discharge of
such property from such seizure, arrest, attach-
ment, or proceeding, to the effect that upon such
dischaige the poison assoitiug the claim against
such property shall become entitled to all the ben-
efits of this act; and m all eases where such stip-
ulation shall be entered into, and the property
shall in consequence theieof be discharged, and
linut judgment shall be given in the coutt of laht
i eaoi t to which the Secretary of the Treasury may
deem proper to cause such proceedings to be car-
ried, affirming the claim for the security or satis-
faction of which such proceediugsshall have been
instituted, and the right of the peison asserting
the same to enforce it against such pioperty by
means of such proceedings, notwithstanding the
claims of the united States thereto, such final
judgment shall he deemed, to all intents and pur-
poses, a full and final determination of the rights
of such person, as against the United States, to
such lights as lie would have had in case posses-
sion of the propeity had not been changed; and
if such claim be for the payment of money, and
the same shall by such judgment be found to be
due, the presentation ofa duly authenticated copy
of the record of such judgment and proceedings
shall be suflicientevulence to the proper account-
ing officers for the allowance thereof; and the same
is thereupon to be allowed and paid.
The Committee on the Judiciary leported the
bill with an amendment, to add the following
proviso:
Provided, That the amount so to be allowed and paid
shall not exceed thy value ot' the interest of the United
States in the property m question : Ami piovided farther,
That nothing Iieiem contained fchall be considered as lee-
o^mzing: or conceding any unlit to enforce by seizure, ar-
rest, attachment, or any judicial pioce^s any claim against
an} property ot the United States, oi against any piopcity
held, owned, or employed b} the United States, or by any
department theieof, foi any public use, or as waiving anj
objection to any pioeeedmg instituted to cufoice any auch
f'luirn.
The amendment v.as agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in and ordered
to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
PROFESSORS AT WEST POINT ACADEMY.
'Mr. HARRIS. I now move that the Senate
proceed to. the consideration of Senate joint reso-
lution No. 58.
The motion was agreed tovand the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (S. No. 58) in relation to
the professors of the Military Academy at West
Point. It provides that the thirty-first section of
the act entitled "An act for enrolling and calling
out the national forces, and for other purposes,''
approved March 3, 1863, shall not be construed
to abridge the piivileges usually allowed to the
professors of the Military Academy of being ab-
sent during the suspension of the ordinary aca-
demic studies of that institution.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know what
is the necessity for that resolution. The profess-
ors at West Point are not Army officers.
•Mr. HARRIS. They are. The thirty-first
section of the act for cniolling and calling outthc
national forces will preclude them from drawing
their salary during the vacation.
Mr. GRIMES. It would if they were Army
officers, but where is the law making them Army
officers ?
Mr. HARRIS. They so understand it, and the
"War Department so understand it, and it is at
their instance that I introduce this resolution. R
can do no harm.
Mr. GRIMES. It will do no harm, I suppose,
except that we may thereby recognize them as
Army officers. I recollect very distinctly thatthis
question was discussed here since 1 have been a
ruembei of the Senate, before the Senator from New
York took his seat heie, and at the time when
Mr. Davis was chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not know how that is; I
never looked into the question; but these gentle-
men suppose they will not be allowed to visit
their friends during the vacation without losing
their pay unless this resolution is passed.
Mr. GRIMES. I remember very well thatthe
effort was made to make them Army officers.
Mr. JOHNSON. Are they not put upon the
footing of Army officers generally ?
Mr. GRIMES. No; they have a salary; they
are not Army officers at all. An effort was made-
some years ago to make them Army officers and
put them into the engineer corps, but it was re-
sisted here.
Mr. HARRIS. This will not make them such.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, oideied to bo engiossed for
a thud leading, read the thud time, and passed.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL JOSEPH BAILEY.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate take
up the joint icsolution (S. No. GO) tendering the
thanks of Congress and for the presentation of a
medal toLieutcnantColonel Joseph Bailey,of tiie
fourth regiment of Wisconsin volunteers.
The motion was agieed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
Air. DOOL1TTLE. I introduced this joint
icsolution, but as the Committee on Military Af-
fairs have reported it with an amendment in thfe
nature of a substitute, with which I am perfectly
content,! suppose it will not be necessary to read
the original resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the committee only will be read, if there
be no objection.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strikeout all of the original resolution after the
enacting clause and to insert in lieu thereof:
That the thanks of Congre>& be. and they are hereby,
tendered to LieutcnantColonel Joseph Bailey,ot the jouitli
regiment Wisconsin volunteei-, acting engineer oi the nine-
teenth Army corps, for distinguished ^civice^ in the leeent
campaign on the Ked river, by which the gunboat flotilla
under Rear Admiral David D. Poitei was rescued fiom im-
minent peril.
Sec. -2 And be it further retained, That the Pie^idcnt of
the United .States'be requested to cause a gold medal to be
struck, with suitable devices and in^cnption-., to be pie-
b< nted to Lieutenant Colonel Bailey, with a copy ot (hid
resolution. And a sufficient turn ut money to eanv thirf
resolution into elieel in hereby appropuated out of any
money in ihcTifM.-tiiv not otherwise appropriated.
