1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQB&
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the second
section of that amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the objection to it ?
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing to render any
kind of honor to Colonel Bailey he deserves, but
we have granted only one gold medal during this
war to a military or naval officer, and that was to
General Grant. I do not think it wise to begin
to be lavish with the expenditure of these gold med-
als. It is a great thing, and ought to be so re-
garded, to receive the thanks of Congress by a
special act.
Thenmendmenttothe amendmentwasagreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The joint resolution was .ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the third
time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the member from
Iowa and the Senate have stricken out more of
the resolution than they intended to strike out.
A portion of the section stricken out directs a copy
of the resolution to be sent to Colonel Bailey.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not mean to strike out
that part.
Mr. WILSON. I think it is all right as it is
now, since we have agreed to amend it. Of course
we shall have to change the title.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose only to strike out
the iirst clause of the second section.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. Iftherebeno
objection the second section of the resolution, in-
stead of being stricken out, will be regarded as
modified to read as follows:
Sec. 3. JlnA be it further resolved, That the President of
the United Suites he requested to cause a copy of this les- i
olution to be transmitted to Lieutenant Colonel Bailey. ]
The joint resolution was passed. Its title was j
amended so as to read: "Ajointresolution tender-
ing the thanks of Congress to Lieutenant Colonel
Joseph Bailey, of the fourth regiment of Wiscon-
sin volunteers."
SUPERANNUATED FUND SOCIETY.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to consider Senate bill No. 293.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 hope it will not take
long.
Mr. JOHNSON. It will not take any time.
It. simply proposes to authorize a charitable in-
stitution called the Superannuated Fund Society
of Maryland to receive property under a devise.
There being no objection, the Senate, asin Com-
mittee of the Whole', proceeded to consider the hill
(S. No. 293) to empower the Superannuated Fund
Society of the Maryland annual conference to
hold property in the District of Columbia and to
take a devise under the will of the late WiMam
Doughty.
A certain William Doughty, of Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia, by his last will, bear-
ing date on the 29t.li of April, 1859, duly admitted
to probate, devised and bequeathed certain real
and personal property and estate—part to take
effect at his death, and the residue at the death or
marriage of his widow—to a society incorporated
by act of the General Assembly of Maryland by
the "name of the Superannuated Fund Society
of the Maryland annual conference, and called
in the will the Superannuated Fund Society of
the Methodist Protestant Church for the district
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move now to proceed
with the consideration of the tax b8l.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in CommitteeNof the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H.sR. No. 405) to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. COLLAMER. Previous to the recess I
was moving some few amendments to this bill.
I wish now to call attention to this provision on
page 59, section fifty-four, line nineteen:
Anil the said duty shall be a lien on such spirits and also
on the interest ofall personsin default in thedistillery used
for distilling the same, witli all the Hills, vessels, fixtures,
and tools therein, and ia the lot or tract of land whereon
the said distillery is situated, until tile said duty shali be
paid.
I move to strike out the words "such spirits,
and also on the interest of all persons in default
in."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. In the same clause, line
twenty-two, I move to strike out the word "in"
and to insert "on;" so as to read, " and on the
lot or tract of land," &c.
The'amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. On page 92, section sev-
enty-eight, I find this provision:
14. Commercial brokers shall pay twenty dollars for each
license. Any peisonor firm, except one holding a license
as wholesale dcalei, or pioduce biokcrs, whose business it
is, as a broker, to negotiate sales or pui chases of goods,
wares, pioduce, or merchandise, not otherwise provided
for 111 this act, or seek oideis therefoi, in oiiginai or un-
bioken package*, or to negotiate Heights and othei busi
ness for the owneis of vessels, or for the shippeis or eon
sipnors or consignees of ireight earned by vessels, shall be
legarded a commercial bioker under this act.
Any person who does this kind of business is
regarded as a commercial broker and required to
take out this license', except a person who has a
license as a wholesale dealer. A person who is
licensed as a wholesale dealer may, under that
license, do this business without taking out any
other license. If I understand the language.that
is the meaning. The wholesale dealer who has
a license as a wholesale dealer may do this work
without taking out this license as a commercial
broker.
Mr. JOHNSON. There are two exceptions
there. Produce brokers are excepted also.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am talking of this ex-
ception now. I will talk of the other directly.
The man who is a wholesale dealer may by
virtue of being that be a commcrcial broker; but
if we turn to page 88, line thirty-eight, we find
this provision:
Not shall any llccnse as a wholesale dealer allow any
such person to act as a commercial broker.
Here lie is expressly forbidden to act as a com-
mercial bioker, and yet in the other clause it is de-
clared that he may do so without taking any par-
ticular license. The gentleman from Maine can
have it whichever way he pleases, either that he
shall be or shall not be allowed to act as a com-
mercial broker; but one or the other of those
clauses ought to be stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That provision has oc-
casioned a good deal of consideration. The Sen-
ator contends that that is the effect of it. I, and
ofMaryland. It has been questioned whether the ,   - 
corporation can lawfully take and hold the prop- jj I believe you, sir, have been unable to perceive
eity, in virtue of the will, without the leave and ■[ that that was the effect with all thestudy thatwe
assent of Congress. The bill therefore proposes j| have been able to give to it.
to give the assent of Congress to the aforemen- '| Mr. COLLAMER. Will you tell me what is
tioned devises and bequests to the Superannuated ii the meaning of that exception ? 
Fund Society of the Maryland annual confer- || Mr. FESSENDEN. I read it m this way:
ence; and the societyare authorized and empow- !j commercial brokers are to pay twenty dollars for
ered to take and hold the property and estate de- |, each license. Then comes a specification of ^vhat
UlCU tu CUiU llUlU HIV j ,     — _____ x t
vised and bequeathed to it,agreeably to the tenor ' persons shall be considered as commercial brolt-
and provisions of the will, and to dispose of and |i crs. "Any person or firm" I leave out the ex-
enjoy the same to every intent and effect as if the '] ception—" whose business it is, as a broker, to
society had been originally incorporated by act,] negotiate sales or purchases of goods
of Congress. That corporation is also empow- j
ered toliold real and personal property located !
in the District of Columbia, acquired or that shall :
be acquired by gift,purchase, devise, or bequest, j
and to etijoy, rent, lease, or convey it at pleasure, i
as freely as any person or body-corporate can do, >
but the net yearlyjncome ot such propet ty is not ;
to exceed $20,000. j
The bill was lepmted to the Senate without i
amendment, orderi-d to be engrossed for a thiid ■
reading, read the thiid time, and passed. I
as a broker, to
wares,
produce, or merchandise, &c., shall be regarded
a commercial broker under this act." The excep-
tion is," except one holding a license as whole-
sale dealer.!' I take the meaningof that to be that
a person holding that license shall not be le-
garded as a commercial broker, although he may
carry on the same business.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is the same thing.
If he carries on the business he may do it without
any other license except the one as a wholesale
dealer. If he is a wholesale dealer, he may do
this business without the license oi* acommercial
broker. ' ' - . . , ' , , ' ...
Mr. FESSENDEN. *As, the Senator!? sjq posi-
tive about it, and I do' not regard the; matteras
of any very great importance, r will not obj ec t to
striking out those words, "asWholesale dealer; '
so that it will read: '
Any person or firm, except one holding,® license $3 prW
uee brofters, whose business it is, &c. " '
Mr, COLLAMER. Now, I call the Senator's
attention to this: then he would allow thje ftro.d-
nce broker to be. a commercial broker wHhotft
taking out this license. If h,e vfiil turn llje
previous <;lause he will find that a produce broker
only pays ten dollars for a license, and lie ros^y
act as a commercial broker without taking out the
twenty dollar license. The result wi|l be that
no commercial broker will take out tfie twenty
dollar license. He will take out a license as a
produce broker, and that will make hifti a com-
mcrcial broker, and save him'ten dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then you would advise .
to strike it all out.
Mr. COLLAMER. No, I do hot. | do not
advise the striking out of either of (hem. I wjant
you to fix it and leave it either ten or twenty dol-
lars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to undersl&nd
whether the Senator makes a, motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, (to Mr. Collameu.) What
do you propose to do?
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire the committee to
select which way they would have it; whether
they would have it without the license' or not.
My idea would be to strike out both those ex-
ceptions altogether.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, strike them out.
Mr. COLLAMER. On page 92, line one hun-
dred and thirty-four, after the word "firm," I
move to strike out the following words, " except
one holding a license as wholesale dealer or prod-
uce broker."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. On page 89, line sixty- '
five, I take it the word "and" should be "or;"
so that it will read:
Every peison who shall sell or offer for sale foreign or
domestic spirits, wines, ale, beer, or other malt liquors in
quantities of tinee gallons or less, or whose amnial sales,
including all sales of other merchandise, ilo not exceed
$25,000, shall lie regarded as a retail dealer in hquois
under thib act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the necessity
for that change?
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will look
at the clause above defining the wholesale dealers
he will see that it reads in this way:
Eveiy person who shall sell or offer for sale any distilled
spirits, fermented liquors, or wines of any kind in quan-
tities of mine than three gallons at one tune to the same
pill chaser, or whose amnial sales shall exceed $25,000,
shall be regarded a wholesale dealer in liquors.
If he either sells liquor in larger quantities than
three gallons, or if his sales amount to $25,000,
he is to be a wholesale dealer. The clause below
defines a retail dealer in contradistinction to a
wholesale dealer:
Every person who shall sell or offer for sale foreign or
domestic spirits, wines, ale, beer, or other uialt liquors in
quantities of three gallons or less, and whose annual sales,
including all sales of otller merchandise, do not exceed
$25,000, shall be regarded as a retail dealer in liquors
under this act.
The other clause is in the alternative: if he sells
liquor ill certain quantity, or has such an amount
of sales, he is to be considered a wholesale dealer.
So it should be in this clause to make it conform
to the other. I move to strike out the word " and,"
in line sixty-five, and to insert the word " or,"
so as to read, "or whose annual sales."
Mi. FESSENDEN. I do not object to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 wish to call attention to
the clause on page 99, line three hundred and
eighteen, in regard to the license of apothecaries.
It reads as follows:
31. Apolhccarics shall pay ten dollars for each license.
Evesy person who keeps a shop or building where medi-
cines aic compounded or prepared according to prescrip-
tion^ oi physicians, and sold, shall be regarded an apothe-
cary undei lliis act.
In the small towns in the country generally,
there are veiy few of the apothecaries who keep
shops and sell medicines—perhaps scarcely any—
who make up prescriptions of physicians, lutlie
