1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'fern
£
experimental garden,for which only $5,000 is put
in this year, they struck that out entirely. They
did not think it advisable to begin an expendi-
ture for an experimental garden on that large res-
ervation, which certainly must lead in the course
of a very few years, if it is to accomplish its pur-
pose and is made good foranything, to an expendi-
ture of forty or fifty thousand dollars; 1 cannot
tell exactly how much; but from the extent of
the giounds and the cost of carrying on an es-
tablishment of that sort Senators may judge for
themselves. We have increased somewhat on
the appropriation of last year; it is larger. We
make some allowance for clerks, and it ought,
perhaps, to be somewhat larger on account of the
increased expense, especially for seed-bags and
all those things that are used inputting up seeds.
We reduce the appropriation for the purchase of
new seeds from §30,000 down to $20,000.
Mr. President, I do not feel disposed to make
any fight, in the ordinary sense of the term, upon
this proposition, for the simple reason that it is
not my habit to keep contending against anything
that 1 see the Senate is bent upon, i only call the
attention of the Senate to it to show that all the
prophecies that were made at the time the original
bill was passed with regard to the increased ex-
pense and the rapidity with which the expense
would be increased have not only been accom-
plished but far surpassed, not only in amount
but in rapidity. There is not a more striking
illustration of the effect of this arid the effect of
locality than in the operation upon the mind of
my honorable friend from Ohio, who is for saving
and cutting down and being careful of money m
every-other direction; but being chairman of the
Committee on Agriculture he (to use a common
expression) goes the whole hog, and is willing
to appropriate anything and everything, even in
these times, to begin experimental gardens with-
out knowing what they are to cost, and go on at
a ratio very nearly doubling from year to year
in these appiopnations for the Department of
Agtieulture. It does not seem toMnke him that
there is any possibility of economizing here, but
iii his opinion it is just the place to incrcasr, al-
most without a question being asked as to what
the necessity may be.
My view is entirely different. I think it is be-
yond the province of the Government to carry on
these laige agricultural operations in every quar-
ter that they undertake. They are making a De-
pa! tment which will cost vastly more than it will
come to, and it will result m a great expenditure
of money without any proportionate profit. That
is my own individual opinion. It was the opin-
ion of the Committee on Finance, except so farns
the Committee on Finance was diluted (if 1 may
use that expression) by the unfortunate position
in which my honorable friend fiom Ohio was
placed as chairman of the Committee on Agri-
culture. The Senate will decide the question ac-
cording to its own views of propriety. If the
Senate choose to pass this appropriation, I shall
hereafter consider that it is my duty, if I should
happen to be here, to abandon all opposition to
anything that may be proposed in relation to the
subject of agriculture.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Maine
seems to think that this is a very extravagant ap-
propriation, and that, in voting for it, f depart
from my usual custom, which he commends. I
do not think it is extravagant. Years ago we
voted $60,000 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Two years ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, two years ago, for
the distribution of seeds, before the Department
of Agriculture was established; but in addition to
that we paid all the salaries of ail the officers out
of the Patent fund.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mistaken.
All the expenses were paid out of that $60,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator is mis-
taken. My lecollection is that the salaries were
paid out of the Patent fund.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not a dollar.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I have any disposition
to extravagance I am very glad it is in favor of an
industry which is at the foundation of all pros-
perity. This Government expends $157,000 at
the utmost for the benefit of agriculture. I doubt
whetherany appropiiation made byus is so ben-
eficial in its results as this appropriation, small as
it is, when compared with the great appropria-
tions we are called upon to make. With this
small sum comparatively, the Agricultural De-
partment distribute three or four million bags
of seeds. Some of them probably are of but little
value, but tnany of them are of infinite value. The
addition to the wealth of this country from the
dissemination of sorghum seed alone is of greater
value than all the appropriations that have been
made for-this Department.
I do not know whether I voted to establish the
Department of Agriculture or not. I have for-
gotten whether I did or not. At any rate, although
the present Commissioner of Agriculture is not
probably so learned a man as many who might
have been selected, yet he certainly is very active,
and he has been very useful and very efficient.
He has been able to gather around him some very
intelligent men who are skilled in tiieir particular
employments. It is the general opinion of the
farmers of the State of Ohio—and I represent the
great agricultural State—that this Department of
Agriculture is now conducted usefully to them;
and I haVe no doubt that Senators who represent
agricultural States will agree with me that more
interest is felt in this Department of the Govern-
ment by the great body of our people engagedjn
farming than in any other. We are receiving
more requests for books and seeds, and they take
a more intimate interest in the success of this De-
partment than in any other.
This is no reason why we should vote an ex-
travagant sum to sustain it. I am only desirous
to give them what is necessary. The principal
difference between the two committees is in two
•items of appropriation. The Committee on Fi-
nance think that §32,000 is sufficient for the pur-
chase and disti lbuuon of seeds. The Committee
on Agricultuie have allowed $57,000. Consider-
ing the price of seeds, considering the increased
cost of paper and the increased cost of all the ma-
terials that make up these aggregates,! think the
amount asked for is comparatively small. Fifty-
four thousand dollars appropriated by us no wis not
equal to $30,000 two or three years ago. Much of
this cost consists in cotton and paper bags and im-
ported seeds. The cost of imported seeds is fully
double what it was two or three years ago; and
the cost of cotton and the other materials which
form the chief aggregate of tins expense Senators
know as well as J.
The other item about which the Senator com-
plains is the one for the propagating garden. The
United States is the owner of some twelve or four-
teen acres between Fourteenth and Twelfth streets
which has been used as a corral for horses. For-
merly, I believe, it was under the charge of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, and was very
handsomely planted and ornamented with trees.
But at the beginning of the war, from tbp neces-
sity of the times, the military turned their horses :
and cattle into this field, a laige open piocc of land ;
of twelve or fourteen acres. The trees have all !
been destroyed, the fences are partly broken :
down, and by the establishment of other c.orruls
this land is not now needed for the military ser-
vice. The Commissioner of Agriculture desires
to appropriate that land for an experimental gar-
den. It is proposed to try experiments with the
various foreign seeds he receives in order to as- :
certain their value before they are sent out from 1
the Department. He does not contemplate any j
but the plainest and simplest agricultural opera- !
tions, the plowing of this field, the planting of j
these seeds, and taking care of the bulbs, plants, j
&c., which he wishes to test before they are dis- 1
tnbutcd. Itisa clear piccc of ground well adapt- j
ed to the purpose, level, and in good condition for j
agricultural purposes, but unfitted for the original j
purpose of a park. It must be plowed up even j
to be replanted. He proposes to take that piece j
of ground, plow it up, dram it, and use it for an ;
experimental garden, for which $5,000 is appro- !
priated. It seemed to the Committee on Agri- <
culture that that was the best disposition that could ,
be made of it. i
The Senator supposes that this will involve in
the future a very large expense, i do notsee how
it can. I think the purpose of the Commissioner
is a correct one: to try nil these seeds by simple
experiment before they are distributed; to ascer- 1
tain their value and sec whether they can be pi op- 1
agated in our climate, and what is their nature
and character.
Itseems to me thisappropriation is so small that,
it ought not to excite the opposition ofanyornte,
and I hope it will be passed. The House of* Jlep-
resentatives, as weali know, have always looked
upon this appropriation for the Agricultural De-
partment with great interest. A year ago they
appropriated what was asked. The Committee
on Finance reduced the amount, and the House
of Representatives acquiesced. Now, the House
have again appropriated the full amount asked,
$157,000. The Committee on Agriculture, after
a rather more patient examination than it usually
gives to such matter, especially by the honora-
ble Senator from Iowa, who went over all these
things in detail, concluded that this Department
cannot, upon its pvesentkgal basis, be carried on
for a less sum than the amount we have proposed.
I hope, therefore, it will be agreed to in the Senate
without further opposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it in order to move to
amend the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Ohio? I believe he moves it as an amend-
ment to the oviginal bill instead of to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tt is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I move to strike
out that part of it which relates to the experi-
mental garden. There certainly can be no ne-
cessity for undertaking that. These seeds are
introduced and scattered all over the country.
What is the use of trying them here in this par-
ticular locality? They are tried by everybody
all around us.
Mr. SHERMAN. I a^ked that same question
of the Commissioner, and his answer was this:
sometimes complaints are made to him that he
has distributed bad seeds or seeds not adapted to
the climate of this country; the imported Euro-
pean seeds are sometimes upon trial not found
good; and he thought it was but right and fair
that these seeds should be tried.
There is another reason, 1 will say to the Sen-
ator: many bulbs are sent here which may or
may not be adapted to our climate, and the Com-
missioner wishes to try those. The same is tiue of
grape-cuttings. Many grape-cuttings are of value
here while they may be. of no value in other placcs,
and he wishes to try them and test their value.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will test them only
as regards this particular section of the country.
If these seeds are to be imported and distributed
all over the country, and their applicability or
rather propriety for the different climates of tire
different sections of the country is to be tried—if
that is the object of the experiments for which
this agricultural garden is to be used,that will not
prove how those seeds will do in Maine or in Cal-
ifornia. It is necessarily limited m its operation
to the climate of this pai ticular place. The Sen-
ate will perceive from what the Senator from Ohio
has now said, that these trials are to be made with
reference to distribution all over the country,
and with the great variety of seeds that are to be
used, that the idea of getting along with $5,000
in that piece of ground is merely idle. He can do
nothmgwith thatsumthereforthatpurpose. Any
one with half an eye, it strikes me, can see that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words pro-
posed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
For experimental gulden on reservation No. 2, viz:
For salary of foreman and lalioroia, $3,01)0.
For keep of a Jionse, M.ibic, and nece«sa«y buildings, and
for seeds, manure, tools, and nUj/MiUaiwons item*, <$%0t>0.
Mr. POWELL. I hope those words will not
be stiicken out. I think that that experimental
garden is going to be a matter of very great util-
ity to the agricultural interests of tins country,
and I do not apprehend, what the Senator from
Maine seems to fear, that expenses will hereafter
be increased. There are sometwclveor fourteen
acres in that piece of ground, and I do not think
it will ever cost more than $<5,000 togneit the
attention that may be necessary for the purpose
of making all the experiments that are wanted.
It is a matter, in my judgment, of very great im-
portance to the agricultural interest. 1 hope the
appropriation mav be allowed to remain as it is.
The Senator from Ohio has explained it very fully,
and I think it unnecessary to repeat his argument.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted-—yeas 11, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Connc&s, Cowan, Fess-entlen,
