1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] and the SemUoi from
Oregon [Mr. Harding] have gone to Alexandria
on committee duty.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted^yeas 20, nays 14; as follows:
\EAS—Messrs. Buckaiew. Uarlile, (Jollamer, Cowan,
Davis, Foot, Harris, Hendricks, Howe, John son, Lane of
K<ui;-as, Powell, Ilamst-y, Riddle, Saulslmty, Spruguc,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wri«ht—21).
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Conner, Dixon, Doolittle,
Foster, Harlan, Howard. Morgan, Poineroy, Sumner, Ten
Eyekj Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—14.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 15, 1S64.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev, Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AiSD MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Ashtabula county, Ohio, praying for an appro-
priation for the repair and improvement of the
harbor of that place; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOWE. I present resolutions of the
Chamber of Commerce of Milwaukee, Wiscon-
sin, recommending the construction of a ship ca-
nal around the Falls of Niagara on the American
side. I move that they be refeired to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and printed.
The resolutions were referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and the motion to print was re-
ferred to the CommiUecon Punting.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for the emancipation of all
persons of African descent, held to involuntary
service or labor in the United States; which was
referred to the select committee on slavery and
freed men.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of the com-
missioned officers of the one hundred and first
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, praying that
all enlisted men now in the service or who here-
after may be mustered in during the present war
may be indemnified for all unavoidable loss of
clothing destroyed or abandoned by order of com-
manding officers, or iri any other manner where the
soldier is not responsible; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the petition of E. D. Gird,
and the petition of David D. Stelle, praying to be
allowed to take out letters patent for their respect-
ive inventions on payment of the " balance fee;55
which were referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 present the petition of R.
W. Carter and many other citizens of the county
of Washington, District of Columbia, who rep-
resent that they are subject to taxation without
representation; that the levy court of the county
in whose hands is the power of taxation is not
chosen by them, not responsible to them; and that
a majority of its members have been appointed
from among the icsidcnts of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown,and not from among the
residents of the county. They therefore pray
the passage of an act which shall give a fair rep-
resentation to the citizens of the county in the
levy court. 1 move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have received a commu-
nication from Lawrence A. Stimpson and Charles
J. Winship, a committeeappointed by the mayor
and common council of Michigan City, Indiana,
in relation to the improvement of the harbor at
that place. It is addressed to myself; but as it
discusses the importance of the improvement of
that harbor, and as it is a work of much import-
ance to the northern part of Indiana especially, I
ask that it be considered and received as a petition
to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be received
by the unanimous consent of the Senate. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Commcrcc.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers in the case of
J. F. Simmons, prayingfor compensation tor the Illegal seiz-
ure of a ve^el ruid cargo by Commander Worden, of the
i United State? gunboat Stars and Stripes, and the subse-
quent wreck ami loss of the same on Long Uland, be taken
iiom the files of the Senate and reiericd to the Committee
■ oa Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED,
Mr. GRIMES. I have been requested to ask
leave to present a bill, of which previous notice
has not been given, in compliance with the peti-
tion which I had the honor to present this morn-
ing from citizens of the District of Columbia.
Thqre being no objection, leave was given to
introduce the bill (S. No. 115) for the proper or-
ganization of the levy court of the county of
Washington, in the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
116) relating to stamps; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a, bill (S. No.
117) to provide for the consolidation of certain
surveyor generais'distucts; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
118) to promote the efficiency of chaplains ill the
Army of the United States, and define their rank,
pay, and emoluments; which was read twice by
its title,and referred to theConmiittee on Military
AlFairs and the Militia, and oidercd to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
119) to reorganize and piomote the efficiency of
the Army chaplains' department; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military AlFairs and the Militia, and ordered to
be printed.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message fiom the President of the United
States, by M r. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed on the
12th instant a bill (S. No. 100) authorizing the
holding of a special session of the United States
distiict court for the district of Indiana.
AMENDMENT OF ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. WILSON. I have been directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was refined the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the hill (S. No. 36) to amend
an act entitled "An act for enrolling and calling
out the national foices, and for other puiposes,"
approved March 3, 1863, to report that the Sen-
ate disagree with the House amendment, and I
ask that the vote be taken at once. Then it will
go back to the House of Ilepiesentatives,and they
may lecede or appoi nt a committee of confercnce.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Military Committee if the other
House propose a substitute for the whole bill, or
simply amendments to it?
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say in reply,
that the House of Representatives have struck
out all but the first section of the bill, and then
put in an amendment which is really our own bill
with a few slight modifications. We propose to
disagree and let it go back; and then if they pro-
pose a committee of conference, very well. I
think that is the shortest way to reach a result.
The amendments of the House of Representa-
tives were non-concurred in.
PAYMASTER U. C. DORAN.
Mr, ANTHONY. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 94. I think it will lead to no debate. It
is a bill to authorize the settiementof the accounts
of Paymaster E. C. Doran.
The motion was agreed to; and the biil (S. No.
94) to authorize the. settiementof the accounts of
Paymaster E. C. Doran was read the second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes that all the payments made by Wil-
liam H. Pcteis, of Virginia, to the mechanics,
laborers, and other employes of the Norfolk navy-
yard for wages due to them by the United States
for set vices and labor rendered to the 20th of
April, 1861, and the rolls and vouchers there-
for on file in the office of the Fourth Auditor of
the Treasury, shall be legalized^for the benefit of
Paymaster Edward C, Doran, of the United States
Navy; and the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury are to credit him in the settlement of his ac-
count with the sum of $39,381.
The biil was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a report accom-
panying this bill. I do not desire tohaveitread,
but if any Seuator desires to hear it, it can be
read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The bill is all right,
Mr. CLARK. I think the report hasl better
be read.
* The Secretary read the report of the Commit-,
tee on Naval Affairs, made by Mr. Anthony,
from which it appears that Edward C. Doran, a
paymaster in the United States Navy, was sta-
tioned at the Norfolk n^vy-yardm the month of
April, 1861. In obedience to the orders of the
commandant of the yard he proceeded to Wash-
ington to obtain instructions and advice, touching
his official duties, from the Secretary of the Navy.
He arrived at Washington on the 19th of April,
1861, and on thesameday was ordered by theSec-
retary of the Navy to return to Norfolk and take
charge of the vacant Navy agency, and to pay the
employes of the Norfolk navy-yard thesumsdue
them from the United States, under an arrange-
mentapproved by the Secretary. Onthatdayan
expedition left Washington to maintain posses-
sion of or destroy the Norfolk navy-yard and
property, to prevent its falling into the hands of
the insurrectionists; and the navy-yard was par-
tially burnt and abandoned by our naval forces
on the night of April 20,1861. Paymaster Doran
arrived at Norfolk early the following morning,
and found everything in full possession of the in-
surgents. He was immediately seized, with all
his books, accounts, and rolls, (which were vouch-
eis to him for upward of one hundred and thirty
thousand dollars,) by the rebel authorities there,
and, after protesting and remonstrating in vain
against the demands of the rebel officers, he was
finally compelled to yield his checks to them,
while he was under duress, for $29,381, under
written protest, in the name and behalfofthe Uni-
ted States Government and his securities, and
upon condition that if the money were realized
upon them (and he did not think it could be) it
should be appropriated to the payment of the
claims of the workmen and employes of the navy-
yard for wages due them by the Government to
April 20, 1861.
As Paymaster Doran could not negotiate drafts
in Norfolk on the 18th of April, which fact he
made known to the Secretary of the Navy and the
deputy depositary in Baltimore, he had great
hopes that his checks, dated "Gosport navy-
yard, April 23, 1861," (three days after its aban-
donment and supposed destruction by our naval
authorities, an event of such magnitude as to have
wide-spread notoriety before the checks could be
presented for payment,) could not then be nego-
tiated in Norfolk, and that they might not be paid
by the depositaries upon whom drawn.
The money was realized on those checks and
paid to the employes of the Norfolk navy-yard
by one William II. Peters, rebel paymaster, who
fot warded to the Fourth Auditor of the Treas-
ury duly receipted rolls therefor, amounting to
$24,140 14; also a schedule of other payments,
amounting to $3,125 49; making together $27,-
2C5 63, leaving $115 37 to be accounted for.
A letter, of winch the following is a copy, was
transmitted with the rolls by Captain F.Forrest,
of the rebel service, to the Secretary of the Navy:
Pay Dlpartmfnt,
Navy-Yard, Gosport, May 20, 18G1.
Sin: j have received trom Paymaster E C.T)oian,of the
Federal Navy, through Commander Thomas R. Routes, of
th<* Virginia'navy, the net pioeeeds of two drafts on tile
sub-Treasurer at New York, one ot $1^.750, and one of
$10,631.
Your explicit direction* to me to apply this money to the
purposes to uinehrayma.-fpt Doran wa^ himself instructed
by die Navy D<-pait moist at Wa^limqton to apply it, namely,
to tiie pa> m"M ot ai t tnih due the employes, ot tins yaid and
nation to the 20th of Apul, ultimo, have been btuetlycom-
plied Willi.
I handjou herewith p:iy-ioll«? of mechanics, &c., em«
ploved in this vaid from the 1st to 15th of April, 1861,
and" ftom the lbth to 2:.;th. amounting, m the ajrgiegate,
to $21,141 34. I also hand you a Iwt of such olheers ou
Mr. Doran's transfer-!oil to whom payment has been made
bv me, (wit h the *um> paid to each.) amounting to $3,123 40.
There quite a number of otficem on tins translei-roll yet
unpaid, and «incc, in its incomplete state, it would be use-
less to Paymaster Doran as a voucher in the settiementof
