THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Biding, Howe, Johnson, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wilkin-
son, and Wiiley—11.
• NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cnrlile, Chandler,
'Davis, Dixon, Dooiittfe, Foster, Hanifa, Henderson,-Lane
of Indiana, McDougali, Morgan, Morrill, Npsmith, Pom-
eroy, Powell, Ramsey, Kiddie, Sherman, Ten Eyck. and
Trumbull—22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The result of the
/vote, shows that the body is without a quorum, of
members.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that-the Sergeant-
at-Arms be directed to request the attendance of
the absentees.
" Mr. FESSENDEN. Where will he find them?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They must be about the
building; perhaps in the House of Representa-
tives.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I have no faith in a motion of
cthat kind. Perhaps the only way is to move to
adjourn, so that Senators can see that we can
do no business on account of the absence of cer-
tain Senators. I move that the Senate do now
aujourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE and Mr. DIXON called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to state that the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] by order of
Congress, has left for Fort Pillow, and will not
be piesent for some time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—\Jo«t>. ('lark, Cowan, Davis, Harris, Powell,
and Kiddle—6.
NAYS—Anthony, Ruekalew, Carliie, Chand-
ler, Collamer, Dixon, Doolutle, Feesenden, Foster, Har
ding. Henderson, Howe, Johnson, Lane ot Indiana, Mc-
Douvall, Nes-mith, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Suumner, Ten Eyck, TiumbuH, Van Winkle,
Wilkinson, and Wiiley—37.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate refuses
to adjourn, but the vote again shows the body
without a quorum.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I renew the motion that
the Seigeant-at-Arms be directed to request the
attendance of absent members.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion was
put to the Senate, and declared carried by the
Chair.
Mr. POMEROY. Will it be in otdei to move
to takfia recess until seven o'clock?
The VICE PRESIDEN f. The impression of
the Chair is that a less number than a quorum
can take a rec.e.'s.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish ray name to be
called on the vote that is pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is suspended.
The Chair has declared it to the Senate, and the
Senate found itself without a quorum.
Mr. COLLAMER. That does not finish the
vote. It does not decide yea or nay.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has decided the
character of the Senate, however, wo far as it can
be obtained.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it that the Chair
cannot ascertain whether there aie not six of us
ready to vote when you call on us.
The. VICE PRESIDENT. In the impression
of the Chair the Senator's name cannot be called.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very well, sir. I merely
say I offered it. i wish that that may be minuted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think then; is a quorum
now present, and if it is in order, I move that the
vote be taken on the ponding amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to suspend further
proceedings under the motion of the Senator from
"Wisconsin, directing the Serjeant-at-Arms to m-
\ite the attendance of absent Senators.
. Mr, POMEROY. 1 submit whether that is in
order. The Chair has decided that no business
is in order without a quorum; and how can the
motion of the Senator from Illinois be in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A less number
than a quorum can control a call of the Senate
by the (Jonsutution itself, and by the rules.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We can make a motion,
•and tbat w ll test it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Illinois to suspend further proceed-
ings under the call is in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can call theyeasand
nays on that, and see whether there is a quorum
present.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should ptefe>* taking the
yea  and nays on another motion to adjourn,
Mr. CLARK. You can have them on the mo-
tion to suspend proceedings under the motion of
the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I move thattheScnatedo
now adjourn, and on that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nayswere ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Senator Foot, from Ver-
mont, was called home in consequence of the death
of iiis wife's mother. That is the occasion of his
absence, and I was requested to state that fact to
the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yea 1, nays 37; as follows:
YEA—Mr. Harding—1.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Carlilo,
Chandler, Clark,Collamer, Conness, Cowan, Davts, Dixon,
Doolittlc, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, liairis, Henderson,
Hendricks*, Ilovvaid, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana,
McDoHgall, Morgan, Morrill, Nesnuth, Pomeroy, Powell,
Ramsey, Riddle, Salisbury, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, and Wiiley—37.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There .is now a
quorum present, and the next question is on sus-
pending further proceedings under the call of the
Senate, and upon that question the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I withdraw that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be regarded
as withdrawn, if there be no objection. The ques-
tion now is on agreeing to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Maine, to strike out
the following clause in the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Ohio:
Forexperimental garden on reservation No. 2, viz:
For salary oftorcman and laborers?, $3,000.
For keep of a hoise, stable,and neces^aiy huiTdinps, and
for seeds, manure, tools, and miscellaneous items, i$2,000.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Collaniei, Conner, Cowan. Fe«j-
sendon,Gumc--, Hanim-i, Ilowmil, Howe, Johnson, Sum-
ner, Van Winkle, Wilkinson. and Wiiley—J4.
NAYS—Movsiti. Antl)on>, P>ne kalew, Cai hie, Chandler,
Davis, Dixon, Fo-ster, H.uns, Ih'Uih'i'-on, IJendncks.JLane
of Indiana, Mel)ou«.UI, Moulin, Mnnill, Nf-inith,Pome-
roy, Powell, l'iim-ey, Paddle, ^aul-biny, Shciman, Ten
Eyck, andTininlmll—
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thcquesiion now
is on agreeing to the amendment of thft Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Upon that I call for
the yeas and nays. That is the main question,
whether the Senate will spend $100,000 or $147,000
for this Department.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to fay that it seems
to me the appropriations proposed by the Com-
mittee *011 Finance, considering the present state
of the country, are sufficient. 1 do not mean to
express any opinion on the pioposition of the
Senator from Ohio, if the country was differently
situatcd-$Vom whatu is at this moment. Taking
the country as it is, it seems to me that what the
Finance Committee propose is as much as we
ought to do.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of the
Senator /who offered this amendment what, duties
the translatoi is expected to pe fotm. This is a
new officer that has not heretofore beencieated by
any law or recognized by any law as existing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose ihata vastamount
of the agricultuial information which comes to
this bureau is m the French and m the German
languages; much of the information that they
wish to disseminate and spread among the people
is in those languages. It is important, therefore,
to have a translator, at §1,200 a year. They cor-
respond now with nearly every countiy of Europe
in the procurement of .-eeds. As a matter ot
course nearly all the seeds are imported, and they
must write the language of the country to which
they send letters. It is necss.uy to translate
in chfifeient languages; indeed, in tins respect the
two propositions do not disagree, the Finance
Committee allow a translator as well as the Com-
mittee on Agi'icultuie.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the Commis-
sioner of Agiiculture s nus an agent to Eiuopc
1 to buy seeds, if 1 am not misinformed, lie has
! an agent there now. If that be so, I do not see
J that it is neceesaiy, in order to procure steds,
i that he should have a translator here to be em-
ployed in writing letters in German, French, or
Spanish, or any other foreign language. The
Senator speaks about its being necessary to have
a translator in order to disseminate correct inform-
ation among: the Germarf population 
Mr. SHERMAN. No. I said in order to col-
lect this information from works of standard value
printed in foreign languages. They wish to*get
information from works printed in French and
other languages which they translate to embody
into the annual report. That is the explanation
given of it.
Mr. COWAN. I think there is another pur-
pose, perhaps. These seeds are procured and
labeled with the botanical name; for instance, I
believe that oats are called avena, and wheat is
called triticum, and so on; and there must be a
translator in order to label the bag in English, so
that the happy recipient of these seeds will know
when he gets them what they mean.
Mr. GRliVJES. I suggest the proper designa-
tion should have been a schoolmaster instead of
a translator, in order to teach somebody the lan-
guage in which these seeds aie recognized through-
out the civilized world.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state the question
in a simple form. , The items are pretty much
the same. The Committee on Finance do not
allow so many clerks and other officers, and do
not appropriate quite so largely for purchases.
It is a mere question of amounts, whether about
one hundred and forty-seven thousand dollars
shall be allowed, according to the amendmentof
the C >mmittce on Agriculture, or whether about
one hundied thousand dollars shall be allowed,
which is a little exceeding the amountjast year,
according to the amendmentof the Committee on
Finance. Those who are in favor of the larger
amount proposed by the Committee on Agricul-
ture will vote " yea;" those opposed to it will
vote " nay."
The question being taken by veas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buck.dew, C.nhle, Dave*,
Dixon, Doolutlc, Fot-ter, lianis, Henderson, ilenduek*,
Howe, Lane of Indiana, MeDouijall, Moujan, .Momli,
Pomeroy, Powell,Ramsey,Riddle, Slu'iman, ^ prague, Ten
Ejek,aiid Trumbull—'93.
NAYfcf— Mcj-s.1^. Chandler, Claik, Collamer, Conness,
Cowan, Fe-^enden, Guinea, FLiidinir. How.mi, Johnson,
Ncsmith, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, ami Wiiley—
15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chan.) The question recurs on the amend-
ment of the Finance Committee striking out the
section as amended, and inserting what is pro-
posed by the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. This will be the same vote
as the other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not call for the
yeas and nays on that.
The amendment of the Finance Committee was
rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Committee on Fi-
nance will excuse me, as we aie on this subject,
I will offer one amendment to come in directly
after the proposition which has just been adopted:
For paper,punting, binding, blanks, and labels-,$8,500*
Ftovulcil, That the Commissioner ^iall be aiifhoitied to
procuto the amount herein named .it the oilier: ot public
punting, and no greatei amount shall be allowed.
That is intended to limit, if theSenate see fit to
limit, the general call for any kind of pruning to
any amount that the Commissioner may think
advisable for his bureau. It makes a specific ap-
propriation, as in other cases.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Commissioner un-
doubtedly must get a great deal of printing done
at the public printing office. This might limit
hi 111 unieasonahly. I think we ought not to adopt
it without reflection. He makes his monthly ro-
poits, and the printing of those would be counted
out of the £8,000. Then he prints the annual re-
port.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No. The annual report
is a separate thing entirely. He does not have
anything to do with printing that.
Mi. GRIMES. While we are on this subject
I should like to inquire of the chairman of the
Committee on Agiieulture by what authority all
theJse repotts are printed?
Mi. SHERMAN. There is nothing in the
bill about them. I do not know anything about
them.
