APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
38th Cong. ... 1st Bess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
an evil hour he feii into the hands of the Commit-
tee of the Senate on Military Affairs; and then,m
order to shield the guilty culprits who had over-
thrown the constitution and laws of Maryland in
one of the most-vital parts, they attempt to strike
down and blast the reputation of a loyal Gov-
ernor of an adhering State. To what base uses
wilt not the adherents of power lend themselves!
There stands the message saying that these inter-
ferences have taken place, and in order to shield
the guilty culprits the reputation of Governor
Bradford has to be destroyed; he is charged with
.usurpation; his loyalty is questioned, his patri-
otism doubted; and he is gently admonished that
he ought to be an inmate of a prison. The com-
mittee say,the Governor bitterly complains of
the suppression of his proclamation, instead of
gratefully acknowledging the moderation which
arrested its circulation instead of its author."
Why these charges of usurpation; why these
threats of imprisonment? Is it to seal the lips
of those who dare speak of the usurpations and
crimes ofthe party m power? A faithful Governor
of an adhering Slate makes an effort to see that
the laws of his State are faithfully executed, and
he is denounced as ausurperand gently reminded
of imprisonment.
Did Governor Bradford invite General Schenck,
or thePresidentof the United States, or any other
military 'authority, to bring soldiers there for the
purpose of preventing domestic violence in Mary-
land? No, sir; he says he did not. The clause
of the Constitution that I have heretofore read
and commented on declares that the United States
authorities shall only inteifere when the Legisla-
ture or the Executive of the State demand it to
prevent invasion or domestic violence. Were
there any rebel troops in Maryland > The imbe-
cile Bumsidc,the jailerof Vallandigham, had the
excuse of about one thousand rebel soldiers, who
were rapidly running out of Kentucky, while he
had about fifty thousand men under lus control to
fight them. He had that impotent and lame ex-
cuse for placing Kentucky under martial law.
But, sir, I have not yet heatd that there were any
rebel soldiers in Maryland; and yet, in violation
of the Constitution of the United States, we find
that soldiers were sent to the polls to interfere in
the elections in that State; aiKl they did interfere,
notwithstanding the Committee on'Military Af-
fairs cannot find it out, although they had all the
testimony before them that is appended to the
message of Governor Bradford. The Governor
goes 011 to say:
" How far it accomplished the purpose claimed for it, or
how far my anticipations of the consequences of the outer
and the nbuwos to which it would lead were leahzed, will
appear by a brief leferenee to some of the transaction* con-
nected with its execution. These abuses commenced even
before tlie opening of iho polh*. On the day preceding the
election, the officer in command of the regiment which had
been distributed among the counties ofthe Kaatern Shoie,
mid who had himsoit lauded in Kent eouuty, commenced
Ills operations by arresting andwmlintf acros* ihe li.iy-.ome
ten or nioie ot the mo.-t estimable ami dfstinguUhcd of it-?
citizens, including several of the imxt Mendiri.st and un-
compromising JoynliMs of the ghorc. The j.iil of the county
was cnteied, the jailor seized, imprisoned, and afteiwauis
Hcnt to Baltimore, and prisoners confined therein under
indictment wcie net at liberty. The commanding officer
referied to gave the first elm- <0 the eltaiacfr ofthe dis
loyally against which he considered himself as particularly
commissioned, by punting and publishing a pioelamation
in which, lefmring to the election to take place next da>,
he invited all the truly loval to avail themselves ot that
opportunity and establish their loyalty < by Kivmgafull and
nidcnt suppoit to the whole Government ticket upon the
platform adopted by the Union League convention,2 de-
claring that 1 none other is recognized by the Fedeial au-
thorities as loyal or worthy of the support of any one who
desires the pence and re^toiation ofthe Union.1"
There you see this lieutenant colonel issues his
proclamation in which he invites the people to
come up and establish their loyalty by giving a
full and ardent support to the whole Government
ticket, upon#the platform adopted by the Union
League convention, declaring that none other is
recognized by the Federal authorities as loyal or
worthy the support of any one; and yet the Com- ,
mittee on Military Affairs assert that there was !
no interference ! The Governor lurther says: |
:i Major General Dix. when in rommand of this depart- !
iiHM.t, itt the tune or" the election in l$61, and when, too j
rebellion wa< lucked by its organized supporters in oar '
veiy mid-t, took tite true and statesmanlike view ot tile
policy pioper tor such an oceaMon when, in dneetingius
provou marshal, he &aid that while tbeie was no difficulty
in controlling Maryland by force, that this was not what
was wanted, but that he wi.^hed to contiol it by the power
of opinion, and that to satisfy the country that the people
were on our Mde, we must leave them to an unbiased ex-
pression of their wi-hee. Thev were left to tlwxt unbiased
expression, and .=ueh was its character that I had supposed
no one would still require evidence of their loyalty. •
"General Dix was even appealed to hv&omeofthejudyes
of election to authorize an oath to voters of doubtful loy-
alty, and although it appeals from the tenor of hi4; reply that
the oath suggested was nothing more than an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, lie refused to older
it, saying to them, among other things, 'The constitution
and laws of Maryland provide for the exercise of the elect-
ive franchise by regulations with which I have no right to
interfere.'"
General Dix spoke wisely. President Lincoln,
however, the Commander-in-Chief ofthe Army,
did not so regard it. He did interfere with this
very matter, and without being requested by Gov-
ernor Bradford to do so. So far from requesting
the President, as the Constitution authorized him
to do when he desired the force of the United
States to protect the State against invasion or do-
mestic violence, he complained of the military
being sent there. The President did not have the
sanction of Governor Bradford, but did itagainst
his protest, for he asked the President to lepeal
the order, and he did modify the order of General
Schenck in one or two particulars, but really
made it very little better than it was, and his mod-
ifications were disregarded in many localities in
the State.
Sir, we find the President himself meddling in
this matter of elections. He, as well as lus chosen
instrument, General Schenck, and all the other
instrumentalities in the military service through-
out that State, was in the exercise of the harshest
usurpations against the loyal people of that State.
Governor Bradfoid, in his message and procla-
mation, tells you that there were no candidates
on the Eastern Shoie butUnion men,so faras he
was ad vised; that throughout all Maryland there
were not rebels or rebel .sympathizers enough to
affect the elections, except, perhaps, in one dis-
trict, and that was not the district of which com-
plaint was made. Why, sir, John W.Crisfield,
known to many Senators heie, an able and hon-
ored member of the last 1 louse of Representatives,
was a candidate for reelection, known always as
a Union man. He it was whom the soldiers of
the Army of the United States, with the direct
knowledge of the President of the United States,
prevented receiving a reelection. I do not think
there is a doubt about the reelection of Mr. Cris-
field in the district on the Eastern Shore had the
military not interfered.
In this Maryland case you cannot throw off the
responsibility upon Schenck, nor upon Colonel
Tevis, or other suboidinates. You have thePres-
identmost-directly implicated. Here he is upon
the record, violating the Constitution of his coun-
try by intei fei ing with elections in States in order
to return menials and miserable creatines to Con-
gress who would do his bidding; and I arraign
htm for this offense before the Senate ofthe Uni-
ted States and the Ameiican people. 1 brush
away the trash and come right to the Commander-
in-Chief himself, and charge him, upon the most
indubitable testimony, with trampling under foot
the most inestimable right of free suffrage and free
election, and, in order"to effect his object, com-
mitting a palpable violation of the Constitution of
the United States, which he has swoi n to support.
There, sir, those documents place the Picsi-
dent, am! there is no power that can ever rescue
him from that position. I regret that it is so. 1
regret that I have to state in my place as a Sena-
tor that the Executive, whom a grateful people
have elevated to power and charged to take care
that the laws are faithfully executed, has exhib-
ited such infidelity to his oath and made such vital
stabs on the Constitution of his country and on
the fiee suitiage of the people; but tiuth compels
me to make the charge. Here are the proofs am-
ple to sustain it. Here are the President's own
ietteis and orders. Out. of his own mouth we con-
demn him. He cannot pleat! as an excise that
the Governor of Maryland desired it, for the Gov-
ernor protested against it and appealed to him to
relieve the State from thatdisgiace. He iciused
to do it. He cannot get oil" on the gionnd that
Governor Bradford is disloyal. Oh, no; not at
all. The Governor's truth, patriotism, and loy-
alty are above suspicion ill the minds of nil patri-
otic and honest men, notwithstanding the assault
of the wjiter of the report of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
But the learned Committee on Military Affairs
try to weaken the force of the statements of Gov-
ernor Bradford and of the honorable Senatorfrom
Maryland by saying that they were elected under
similar circumstances. Suppose they were, sir;
it only shows thegreater necessity f r the passage
of the bill that I propose. If forty Governors
were elected under similar circumstances that fact
would'afford forty additional reasons why this bill
should pass. If military force was used to elect
Governor Bradford, and to place the honorable
Senatorfrom Maryland in his seat here, that is no
reason why others should be elected by such un-
lawful and outrageous influences. Two wrongs
never made a right.
The report goes on to say:
"It is not true that'the military, aided by the provost
marshals, were to arrest voteis whom they might consider
disloyal approaching or hanging about the polls.'"
That was certainly in General Schenck's ori-
ginal order. The President, however, modified that
part of it. The modification, as 1 have before
stated, was disregarded.
" (t is not true that ' a prescribed form of oath was fur-
nished, without taking which no one if challenged could
vote.'"
Now I think anybody who will read the order
of General Schenck and read that oath must think
the committee mistaken in making the assertion.
General Schenck, after his first order and the proc-
lamation of Governor Bradford were issued, plain-
ly indicated in an address to the loyal people of
Maryland dated November 3,1863, that those who
weie challenged could not vote except by taking
the oath. The indication is clear that they could
not do it otherwise; and the military were sent,
they say, to enforce that order, to compel the oath
and to protect the judges! Is that what they did ?
I will show you presently that it was not. Speak-
ing of the Governor's proclamation, the report
says:
" That proclamation was much more liable to the charge
of illegality than the order ot which it complained."
The committee charge that the proclamation of
Governor Bradford was illegal, more so than Gen-
eral Schenck's order. There can be no doubt
about the illegality of General Schenck's order.
The committee are even divested, so far as the
Eastern Shore is concerned, of the excuse that
there was martial law there. They are divested
of another excuse that they might have, that Gov-
ernor Bradford asked the interposition of the Fed-
eral Army to protect the State against invasion or
domestic violence, for he not only did not ask it,
as the Constitution required, (the Legislature not
being in session,) before it could be lawfully fur-
nished, but he protested against it. The Gov-
ernor had the right to issue his proclamation.
The learned and erudite committee say:
" The law uf Maryland charges the Governor with no
authority over flections, and vests him with no light to iu-
stiuct the judges ot election in tite law of their duty."
It was left to the Military Committee of this
honorable Senate, a learned committee, to be sure,
to make the discovery that the Governor of Mary-
land had no constitutional authority to issue a
proclamation concerning elections! They say the
laws do not chaige him with it. Why, sir, I see
in the constitution of Maryland, which I have be-
fore me, that it is written in the tenth section of
the second mticle that the Governor il shall take
care that the laws be faithfully executed." And
yet, bccause he advised the judges to execute the
law—for that is all the Governordid—the honor-
able Committee on Military Affairs call him a
usurper. They say he had no lawful right to do it.
Consistency is said to be something of a virtue,
and the Seriate will be astonished when I tell
them that this committee commend Governor
Robinson for issuing his piociamation in Ken-
tucky, and setting forth the law of expatriation
fiom Kentucky, and urging upon the judges of
elections the strict observance of all the laws of
the State regulating elections, and they censure
soundly the gentlemen in Kentucky who issued
the address from which I have read, because they
took some exception to Governor Robinson's
proclamation. The committee think the procla-
mation of Governor Robinson at that time was
highly commendable and proper, and then they
