1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38tii Cong.... 1stSess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Potvdl.
Sbnatb.
say that Governor Bradford had no lawful author-
ity to issue his proclamation \ To what miser-
ablequibblesand inconsistencies those whodefend
tyrants and usurpers are driven!
The gentlemen who signed theaddress that was
before the committee censured the Governor of
Kentucky because he had not cited arid published
ail the laws of Kentucky concerning elections,
but only published one. But the Governor of
Maryland in his proclamation does tell the judges
to execute all the laws, and the committee think
' that is a usurpation. When the committee think
they can make an assault on the gentlemen who
wrote this address* they eulogize Governor Rob-
inson and censure the gentlemen who signed the
Kentucky address; but when they come to Mary-
land, in order to destroy a witness against Abra-
ham Lincoln, Schenck and others, they charge
Governor Bradford with doing things without any
warrant of law. 1 suppose there is not a Senator
here who does not know that every Governor is
charged tosee thatthe.lawsoftherCommonwealth
over which he presides are faithfully executed.
The election laws are a part of the laws of the
State. But that is not all. The committee say
of Governor Bradford:
"This proclamation was, therefore, a palpable usurpa-
tion."
Sir, the Military Committee of the Senate pro-
nounce a proclamation of the Governor calling the
attention of the judges of election to the laws of
that State and urging them to -see the laws exe-
cuted, and to see that the elections were absolutely
free, a usurpation. Governor Bradford did it in
obedience to the constitution of his State, and if
he had not done it under the circumstances he
would have been delinquent and fallen far short
of the discharge of his duties as a wise, virtuous,
and patiiotic Governor. If that is a usurpation,
allow me to ask the honorable Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs what would they call the act of Presi-
dent Lincoln and General Schenck and his sub-
ordinates? They issued orders concerning elec-
tions in Maryland. They were not authorized by
any constitution or any law to do it. They did
it in palpable, direct violation of the Constitution
of the United {States, because the Governor of Ma-
ryland had not invited their interposition. They
prescribed oaths to be taken unknown to the con-
stitution apd thelaws of Maryland, thus prescrib-
ing the qualifications of voters to the extentat least
of excluding all who would not take an oath un-
known to their laws. And then, sir, we find this
sentence in this most learned report:
"The execution of the oider was as fair and upright as
the order itself was legal and its purpose honest."
I understand the committee to assert that the
order was constitutional and legal, and that its
execution was fair and upright. A more palpa-
ble usurpation never existed than the issuing of
the order. 1 have shown, and shown it, too, from
the Constitution of the United States, that it was
in violation of that sacred instrument. They had
no plea of martial law. Fiom the message of the
Governor of Maryland we learn there was noplea
of necessity, that plea which tyrants always uige.
But they say the execution of the order was fair
and upright. Now, Mr. President, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs had before them the mes-
sage of the Governor of Maryland, with the doc-
uments appended. They comment on them, they
quote them, they refer to them; so, then, they can-
not say that the evidence was not before them.
About one thii d of the report is devoted to combat-
ing this message and the evidence accompanying
it. Now let us see what the evidence is they had
before them. I have given you the statement of the
Governor. He says the provost marshals were
many of them candidates, and that men were
prevented from voting by the mihtary. Now
look at the evidence, and sec how far the com-
mittee are correct in their statement that the or-
der was carried out in a fairand upright manner.
I will road to the Senate the order referred to by
his Excellency Governor Bradford, made byone
of the military officers on the Eastern Shote:
Headquarters Third Maryland Cavalry.
Chlstertown, Koicmbcr 3, 1863.
Wheieas the President of the United State?, in reply to
a letter addies^ed to him by Hon. Thomas Swjiiu, of Bal-
timore city, has stated that all loyal qualified voteis should
havtia right to vote, it therefore becomes every tiuly loyal
citizen to avail himself of ibe present opportunity ottered
to place himself honorably upon the record or poll-book nt
the approaching election, by giving a full and atdent sup-
port to the whole Government ticket, upou the platfoim
adopted bv the Union League convention. None other is
recognized by the Federal authouties as loyal or worthy of
tpe support of any one who desnes the peace and restora-
tion of this Union.
CHARLES CARROLL TEVfS,
Lieutenant Colonel Commanding,
What must be thought of an officer who issues
an order declaring in substance that none would
be regarded as true and loyal Union men unless
they voted the ticket placed upon the platform of
the Loyal League? I do notknow precisely what
these Loyal Leagues are, but 1 understand they
aie some kind of secret, oath-b^und political so-
ciety. That, then, is the platform that this offi-
cer tells you is the only one that the Govern-
ment recognizes. That of itself would be enough
to prevent a fair and upright election. There is
abundant proof accompanying the Governor's
message that loyal men were prevented from
voting by the soldiers. The proof is that men
offered to vote the Crisfield ticket, and that they
were prevented and driven off by force by the sol-
diers, and that afterwards the yellow or Creswell
ticket, the ticket of the loyal leaguers, was placed
in their hands, and they were forced to vote it.
I will read a sentence or two from the Governor's
message and documents. It says:
"Mr. Davis came to vote, and Henderson said ' You
can't vote.' lie asked Davis 1 Will you take the oath ?' lie
said ' Yes;' and as we were about to administer the oath
prescribed in General Schenck's order No. 53, which had
been a test for Crisfield voters, Mr. Henderson ordered Ser-
geant Tomtt to arrest Davis and take him in custody, and
thus Davis left the poll without voting. Another man
came up with a Crisfield ticket in his hand and offered to
vote, and Henderson said to u&, 'If you take that man's
ticketlvvill take the ballot-box Iromyou;' and thus he dud
not vote, A man named John Piuih came to vote, but was
challenged by ?>ome one and reiused to take the oath, was
turned down, but altera while came with a Creswell ticket,
and Henderson ordered us to take his ticket."
That is the statement of one of the election
judges.
At this point the honorable Senator gave way
to a motion to adjourn.
Friday, March 4, 1864.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, when the Sen-
ate adjourned yesterday evening 1 was comment-
ing upon this clause in the reportof the commit-
tee:
" The execution of the order was as fair and upright a>
the oider itself was legal and its puipose honest."
I was endeavoring to show by the testimony
before the committee that they were mistaken in
thinking the order was fail ly executed. I will read
from the report of the committee another enun-
ciation on this subject, and then I shall proccod
to show that they were entirely mistaken in thtt| 
assertions. On the 28tii page of the report I
the following, referring to the election in the first
congressional district in Maryland:
"Thoie does not appear to jour committee the least rea-
son to believe that a single person was hindered from vot-
ing by tiie mihtary in the first congressional di&tnet who
had not been engaged in the rebel seiviee oi in aiding and
abetting them, not thatthe judges excluded any voter who
proved ins citizenship by confessing its obligations under
oath."
The Committee on Military Affairs had before
them the message of the Governor of Maryland
and the documents appended to it concerning the
election in that State; and from those documents,
from the proofs before the committee, I will estab-
lish beyond doubt that the committee arc in error
in both the statements in the report that I have
read. I have here a statement signed by ten gen-
tlemen, who 1 am informed are gentlemen of the
lug-hest lespeotabihty, livingon the Eastei n Shore
of Maryland, addressed to Governor Bradford,
fiom which 1 will read an extract:
''Throughout the day special pain* were taken to put
obstacles in the way of those voimgthe conservative Union
ticket, such as challenging them, making them take the oath,
and this even in the ca^e of old gray-headed Union men.
while notonous vj mpathizeis with the i ? hellion sveie per-
mitted to vole unchallenged, piovided th"j voted the cman-
eip ition ticket. One case w Inch eieated t-ouu! excitement
at the tunc deserve* p.utKtilar notice. A man ^!:<> has
been ahvajMegaided a<asj mpalluzej with the South went
up to vote wlih an unconditional Union ticket in his hand,
.ind w,ii challenged nv a Union man. Thep.Mf.on d-'sning
to vote then declared that he would not ta'cothe oath, and
that if he had to take the oath lie would not vote. And
yet, wiih the military order in full force, whenever the in-
dependent Union ticket was presented, this man was per-
mitted, to vote'. And more than this, the Union citizen who
challenged the above party was threatened with arrest by
a candidate on the emancipation ticket for merely carrying
out the mihtary oider which this candidate ami his friends
were so strenuously upholding. One of tin; judges of elec-
tion declared thatthe fac-t ot a voter having an uncondi-
tional Union ticket in his hand was an evidence of his loy-
alty ; and in the case above cited, as your Excellency will
notice, this decision was fully carried out. 'J'hese are but
a pait, a small part, of theevonts of the day. In other <5is-
tncts not only were persons lefusrd permission to take the
oath and vote, but the part of the order which was modi-
fied by the President was fully carried out as it was pro-
mulgated. Vol pip weie driven away and told if they re-
turned they would be arretted. A partof the cavalry regi-
ment, m some district?*, were permitted to vote, although
not icsidents of the county oi the shote. because thev were
soldiers!"
That evidence was before the committee when
they made the report. In the memorial of the
defeated candidates in Kent county, on the 69th
page of the message and accompanying docu-
ments, I find the following:
In one other of the districts the polls were not opened
until nearly twelve o'clock, in direct violation of thelaws
of th« State, when many of the voters of the district had
returned to their homes. At the polls of four of the dis-
tricts of the county a military ofheer was stationed near
the judges oi election, and challenged and rejected voters
in many instapces without lefernug to the judges, whose
right and duty Jt was to decide upon the legality of such
votes. The result of such unprecedented proceedings was
that the voters of the county were impressed with the con-
viction that the election was entirely, under the control of
the military power of the United States, and that they
would not be permitted to vote unless the caprice of the
officers in command i-bould sanction it, or they would vote
for the candidates indicated by the oider of Colonel Tevis."
On the 69th page of the message and accompa-
nying documents I find the following statement
by Thomas Sudler, one of the judges of election
in Somerset county:
I was one of the fir&t at the voting place; I found the
judges of election and certain soldiers; the polls were not
then open. I saw the judges reading a paper, which I as-
certained was the 'Order No. 53'issued by General Schenck.
I then displayed the proclamation of the Governor of Mary-
land, which had reached me by express the night previous.
The officers in chaige of the soldiers asked me to read it,
which I did. The sergeant—the officer mentioned above
—then said: ' I have oiders to enfoice Geneial Schenck's
ordei No. 53/ 1 inquned furthei of the seigeant concern-
ing hi? order; the sergeant replied that before he left the
camp at Princess Anne, and before the proclamation had
been received by the captain of the whole body of noops
in the camp, he received orders to enforce the'Order No.
53"—
That was General Schenck's order—
<kto challenge eveiy voter, to examine all tickets offered,
to administer the oath contained in Order No. 53, and to
decline to allow any ticket but the yellow or Cies well ticket
to be polled." *********
" There were veiv few voters at the polls; the mass of
the people were deterred from coming out by fear of the sol-
dier, who weic reported to have leceivcd oiders to arrest
all who voted (or Mr. Crisfield."
T will now read from the statement of Cyrus
L. Jones, on the 72d page:
" In ri^ponse to a question I asked him, the sergeant
pulled out of his pocket a yellow or Creswell ticket, and
said, 'This is the only ticket that shall he voted to-day.' I
then mentioned that I had leceived the proclamation of
Governor Bradford, which hud that very morning reached
me by express, and called his  attention to it. Tin? sergeant
said he ' had nothing to do with the Governor's proclama-
tion,5 that his orders ' were above that;' and added that the
oiders of the provost maishalhad to be obeved that day.
f *aid, 4 If the oath is to be administered to all who come,
jon will have to do it. Our oiders aie to allow every one
twenty-one years old to vote.' I called the attention of my
brother judges, saying, 'There will be a hereafter to this.'
The sergeant then guarded the window through which the
buliotfe wore handed in to be put in the ballot-box with sol-
diers took his place at the window, and iejected all who
would not vote the jeJIoworCieswell ticket. He did not
pei nut a single ticket of any uthei description to be polled,
although F sawtwo men make several attempts, at different
times dunng the day, to vote a ucket with Mr. Cnsneld'a
name on it, and many other men were intimidated fiom
offering to vote."
I will now read an extract from the statement
of JNlr. J. Ii. Tarr, dated Salisbury, November
12, 1S63:
u When i appi oached the window to deposit my ballot,
it being on white paper, and also knowing i wa* favorable
to the election of lion. J. W. Cn-field for Congress, L. 0.
Collier, deputy provot-t mar-dial, challenged my vote. I
inquired upon what ground ; he answered I was n copper-
bead, and no dammd cepptrhead should vote that day.
lie lefej led me to Genei.il behenck'sordei. 1 produced your
able and cvu to be respe< it d proclamation, and lead it
aloud to the judge*, one of whom wa« a candidate forjudge
o' the orphan \ court. Hi* reply was.,4 Damn the pioelama-
tioii.' I then lequestcd ban to define loyalty, staling at the
same time I would affirm to the condition of tin: oath as
prescribed—this was refused, and I was ordered away fiom
the polls. I left without voting.
