1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
wagons, and that the Government has refused to
pay him. It is therefore clearly a case which it
is provided by law shall go to the Court of Claims,
and it is not a proper case for the consideration
<Sf Congress, at least in the first instance. The
law regarding the Court of Claims was revised at
the last session, and in the second section of that
act, which was approved March 3, 18G3, it was
provided:
"That all petitions and bills praying or pioviding for
the satisfaction of private claims against the Government,
founded upon any Jaw of Congress, or upon any regulation
of an Executive Depaitment, or upon any contiact, express
or implied, with the Government of the United States, shall,
unless otherwise ordered by resolution of the House in
Which the same are presented or introduced, be transmit-
ted by the Secretary ot the Senate or the Clerk of the House
ofRepresentatives, with all the accompanying documents,
to the court aforesaid."
That is, the Court of Claims. Now there is1 no
case which by possibility can come before Con-
gress more directly provided for by this section
of the law than this present application of Mr.
Brown. If we receive this case in the Senate,
and consider it here, and send it to the other
branch of Congress, and they consider it, there
is certainly no reason on the earth why we should
not thus entertain jurisdiction of every claim
against the Government founded on any^contracf
which has been or shall be made with the Govern-
ment of the United States. If that be the case, at
least so far as contracts are concerned, there is no
occasion to have a Court of Claims, and we had
better abolish it. If, on the other hand, it be
deemed best that the law we have passed shall
continue to be the law, and that the Court of
Claims shall pass upon claims of this character,
this claim surely, as well as others, should go
there; and it is a claim which it seems to me
ought for manifest reasons to go there.
This is a claim on a written contract. The
party claims thatthere has been an entire perform-
ance of the contract on Ins part. It is a case
which ought most especially to be examined in a
court where testimony can be taken and is taken
011 both sides, and where the Governmentcan be
represented. Before a committee.ofthis tribunal,
or before a committee of the House of Represent-
atives, no doubta claim can be examined; hut the
Government is not represented, and theexamina-
tion almost of course is ex parte. We may come
to a fair, equitable, legal result; but it is surely
better that we have both sides of a case presented
rather than one. Before theCourtofClaims both
sides are presented. The party petitioning has
his clarm presented by himself orby counsel, sus-
tained by his evidence. The Government is rep-
resented; it can present its side of the question and
be represented by counsel. Before a committee of
Congress that is not the case; and for that reason
among others, as I suppose, this court was created
bylaw. I think, therefore, that this case should go
there, or else we certainly ought, as I have said,
to entertain the jurisdiction of all claims of like
character; and if we do that there is no occasion
for the Court of Claims to exist; it is a useless in-
cumbrance, a useless expense.
Mr. HOWE. I hope, Mr. President, that
the motion submitted by the Senator from Con-
necticut will not be agreed to. I concede that the
case provided for by this bill does come as clearly
as any case can within the purview of the law
just cited by the Senator; but the case also comes
as clearly within the exception mentioned in that
act as any case that can possibly be conceived of.
The second section of the law cited provides:
"That .ill petitions and bills praying or providing for the
satisfaction of private claims against the Government,
founded upon any l.nv of Congress, or upon any regulation ot
an Executive Department, 01 upon any contiact, exposed
or implied, with the Government of the United States,
shall, unless otherwise orileied hy resolution of the House
in winch the same tire picsentud or introduced, be uaus-
lmtted by the Hccrctaiy," &c.
That act was approved on the 3d of March,
1863, and this claim was then pending before the
Senate 
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator will pardon me:
that is but a reenaotment of an old law which has
existedever since the CourtofClaims has existed.
I only referred to this as a recent law. It did not
change the then existing law in that particular.
Mr. HOWE. I think the Senator is mistaken.
I have not the other act before me, and cannot
point out the distinction, and it is not material.
This claim was presented to the Senate of the
United States, and the Senate have by resolution
ordered otherwise, have ordered that it be referred
to the Committee on Claims. It was referred to
that committee in 1863, at the last session of Con-
gress. The Committee on Claims reported a bill
for the settlement of this claim and for the pay-
ment of this claim, and the Senate, I think by a
unanimous vote, passed the bill. It did not pass
the House of Representatives for want of time.
Again it was presented to the Senate at the pres-
ent session,and again by resolution of the Senate
it was referred to the same committee, and that
same committee have unanimously reported this
bill the second time.
And now, Mr. President, I want to say in the
outset that the Government of the United States
has not issued a bond which more sacredly binds
the Government to the payment of the sum of
money than does the contract on which this claim
is based; and if the Government will repudiate
this claim, 1 know of no reason in honor which
should preclude it from repudiating any bond it
has issued.
The facts are simply these: a quartermaster in
1861 made acontract withMr. Brown, the claim-
ant, for the building of one hundred Army wag-
ons. They were to be built within a very short
space of time, and they were to be built accord-
ing to specifications which were drawn up, re-
duced to writing, and signed by the contracting
parties at the time. The wagons were built. The
contractprovided that the work should be inspect-
ed from time to time, as it progressed, by an of-
ficer or agent of the quartermaster's department;
that none of it should be painted until it had been
fully inspected by that officer or agent; that when
finished, painted, and accepted by that agent and
delivered as therein agreed, the wagons should be
paid for. It then provided that the wagons, boxes,
&c., should be stoied at Kingston, New Hamp-
shire, at such place as the quartermaster or his
agent might designate, and the contractor was to
assist in taking them apart for shipping. It was
agreed that forty of the wagons complete should
be ready for delivery on or before the 31st day of
July, 1861, and the remainder on the 31st day of
August, 1861.
An agent was appointed to examine these wag-
ons as they were in process of construction. He
attended to his woik. He certifies that he did
examine them, that he examined the timber which
went into them, :#id he examined them fully be-
fore they were painted. He gave a certificate that
they were completed and painted; that they were
in accordance with the specifications. The (Quar-
termaster General wrote to the builder to ship the
wagons to Perryvillc, in the State of Maryland.
They were shipped. When they reached l'erry-
ville an officer of the quartermaster's department
reported to the Quartermaster Gencial that they
were not in accoidancc with the specifications.
Now, the committee say, as a matter of law,
that it was too late for the Quartermaster General
to refuse to receive thot.e wagons after his agent
appointed for that specific purpose had carefully
examined them, had certified to their sufficiency,
and upon that certificate the Quartermaster Gen-
eral had ordered the wagons to be shipped several
hundred miles from the lcsidence of the builder.
I do not understand the Senatoi fioni Connecti-
cut as controverting that proposition. He said it
was a matter of some doubt. I will not under-
take to say that any legal proposition can be sub-
mitted that is notopen to some doubt; but-if there
be anywhere in the books a clear, unquestionable,
indisputable legal proposition,! tlnnk the one
submitted by the Committee on Claims is one of
that class. When I have hiied a mechanic to
build me a house according to certain specifica-
tions, and the sufficiency of the house is to be
deteimmed by all jigent of my own, and the me-
chanic has builtthe bouse, and my agent has cer-
tified thatit complies with the specifications, with
the terms of the contiact, I think it is too late for
me then to object to receiving the house and pay-
ing for it. So that, whether the wagons were in
accordance with the specifications or not, the com-
mittee say, and I say again, it was too late for the
Quartermaster General to refuse to pay for the
wagons on that account.
But the committee havecxamined the evidence
in this case, and they are decidedly and unani-
mously of opinion that the wagons were m ac-
cordance with the specifications, and that they
were well built. The objection of the Quarter-
master General was based upon the Statement of
a Captain Sawtelle of the quartermaster's depart*
ment. He made two reports; and if there -bads
been no other evidence in the ca's'6 L'arti inclined
to think the committee would" have fel£ compelled"
to reject those reports as competent evidence, as*
evidence to be considered uport the question ofihe
sufficiency of the wagons. There were two re-
ports, as I say. They were contradictory of them-
selves. One contradicted the other. The quar-
termaster explained,that by saying that when he
made the first inspection and report he had not
the contract before him, and therefore did not
know what the specifications were. Now, I think
every Senator will say that before a quartermaster
undertook to pass upon work of this kind, and to
declare that it did not comply with the specifica-
tions of the contract, he ought to have known,
and a prudent etnd careful officer would have taken
the pains to know, what the specifications were-y
what the contract was. He says he tlid not. Sub-
sequently he says he obtained the contract, ascer-
tained what the specifications-were; and then made
a subsequent report; and in that subsequent re-
port he undertook to say that the wagons, as they
were constructed, did differ from the specifica-
tions. These two reports, contradicting eacli'
other, were the only evidence in the world which
the Gluartermaster Geneial had before him on
which to base his allegation that the work was
not in accordance with the specifications. It \4>as
not the only evidence the committee had before1
them. They had the testimony of several com-
petent witnesses, wagon-builders, men who had
been engaged in doing just such work for the Gov-
ernment at different times, and who all certify to
the good character of this work. The testimony
of Captain Sawtelle is uncorroborated by any tes-
timony whatever. The testimony of the agent
of the quartermaster's department, who was spe-
cially appointed to examine this work, is corrob-
orated hy that of a great number of witnesses,
and I wish the Senator from Connecticut would'
say, if he has taken pains to read the report,
whether the weight of testimony does not sus-
tain the allegation of the agent who made the first
examination, and who was specially appointed to
make an examination. I wish he would shy if
the testimony of Captain Sawtelle is not wholly
uncorroborated.
Mr. POSTER. Does the gentleman wish me
to answer now?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; I wish the Senator to
answer now.
Mr. POSTER. I say, from readingthe report,
I tl#nk the weight of testimony, us it appears on
the papers, is in favor of the claim; but 1 have'
taken a little pains to inform myself somewhat
further, (not much, it is true,) and from addi-
tional evidence which has come to my mind, it is,
changed from what it would have been if I read
only the report.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot be answerable for, and
I cannot myself of course act upon the informa-
tion which the Senator has been able to obtain
outside of the papers in this case; but 1 wish to,
say that the Government Was not unrepresented
before the committee. I wish to say that the
chairman of the Committee on Claims called upon
the Quartermaster General to inform the commit*
tee the reasons he had for disallowing this claiitij-
and the Quartermaster General submitted to the
committee, as the only reason upon which he
acted and which influenced his conduct, these
two reports from Captain Sawtelle. 1 hat is all
the evidence he furnished to the committee 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President—-
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senate would allow
this case to be acted upon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will be argued here all
day.
Mr. HOWE. Then, if it is to he, allow me
to say 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it more important
to pass the deficiency bill, for which many people
are waiting.
Mr. HOWE. We shall want the deficiency
bill immediately afterwards I admit; but here is
a mechanic who did this amount of woik in 1861
and he is not paid for it yet, and I undertake to
j say that there is notan honester claimegainst any
