1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1693
questions Hi California are men of unquestioned
irit'^iuy. The two district attorneys at present
and ilit- district attorneys past have been and are
men of n-co^niz d ability. The district attorney
who had charge of this business in California
when the present Secretary of War went there
was a more accomplished lawyer than he could,
by ail Ins labor, have ever gotten to be. He was
ignored, a man who had become master of these
questions, and his place was taken by a gentle-
man fiom Washington who knew nothing- of
them. To understand these questions a man
should be learned in the laws not only of Mexico
hut of Spain, and familiar some what with its lan-
g inure, and then informed as to the men who had
administered government there under the Mexi-
can rule. These things we had learned in our
country through a course of years of expedience;
but a mini was sent there who was a good law-
yer probably m Ohio, a good lawyer perhaps in
Pennsylvania, and who once argued well a few
cases in Washington city, but who was perfectly
ignorant of the law on which all these titles were
ba^ed, and of the language in which the titles
wore written, and of the principles of Spanish law
upmi which they should have been properly es-
tablished under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
In this way we have been wronged, wronged
greatly, because through the coutse of adjudica-
tion in our own State and adjudications hei e there
has not been brought to bmr on the part of the
Government the learning that belongs to these,
questions*, but the bold, and impudent assump-
tions of men who arc ignorant; and what is so
bold and persistent as mnoranco?
1 cone.u r wit h the Senator from Maryland, and
1 take this occasion to expiess my judgment as
to how our titles have been conducted and ad-
ministered , so far as the Government is concerned,
for the last seven years in California, during the
last Adnnmstidlion, and 1 may say it has been
continued through this, because the same gentle-
man who touk clunge of the business, who was
Attorney GYnotal then, and who sent JVJr. Stan-
ton to California, has been, so far as we are con-
cerned, Attorney General since—conterminous
and complex with him. I trust the amendment
of the Senator ftoni Maryland will be adopted.
Mi. FESSENDEN. it stiikes me that this is
entirely out of place. The question is on sinking
out the word " one," in line nine bundled and
ele.ven.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand from my
friend fioni M<uy!<ind that he moved to strike out
the appropriation of $10,000 for legal assistance in
the disposal of private land claims m California.
Air FESSENDEN. That amendment can be
moved after we  et through the amendments of
the Finance Committee, if he chooses to move it.
We are now acting on the amendments of the
Committee on Fmanee.
Mr. JOHNSON . I understood that; but 1 asked
pet imsMOu to jro back to line nine hundred and six.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not theoidinary
course. We are now going through with the
amendments of the Finance Committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairun-
deistood the Senator from Maryland to be com-
menting on this clause, but not to make any mo-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is true, sir. I will
make my motion at the proper time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
amendment is to strike out the word "one" m
line nine hundred and eleven, so as to make the
appropriation for salaries of the Chief Justice and
associate justices of the Supreme Court $60,500,
instead of £61,500.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why is the "one" to be
stricken out ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Simply because of an
error in computation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
nine hundred and forty-six and nine hundred and
forty-seven, in these words:
Foi salaries ofclerk^m the office of the Assistant Treas-
ure! at St. Loui*. $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine hundred
and fifty-* isht, befure "act55 to strikeout " fourth
Section of."
The amend men r was agreed to.
The next amendment was m line ten hundred
and twenty-six to insert " to 6e paid only to loyal
men " in the item appropriating §4,374 84 " for
deficiency of appropriation for the Capitol police
under the act of April 22,1854," which is theiast
clause in the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The printed amendments
having now been disposed of, I have some other
amendments to offer from the committee. I offer
the following amendment as an additional section:
%dnd be it farther enacted, That the office of the Trcasuier
of the United States be reorganized under the direction of
the Secietary of the Treatiiiy so as to authorize the em-
ployment of" the otnceis and cieiks, and with the annual
fcaliinesheieinaftcr specified, to wit: One Assistant Treas-
uier, with a salary of $2,800; one cashier, with a salary of
$2,800; one assistant cashier, with a salary of $2,500;
one chief of the division of ismic-, wall a salary of $2,200;
one ehtcf of the division of redemption, with a salary of
$2,200; one chief of the division ot loans., with a salaiy
of ,■?:},21)0; one chief ot the division of accounts, with a
s-.il.uy of $2,200 ; one ehi< f of the division of national
hank--, with a salary of $2,200 ; two pmicipal book-keep
er«, each with a salary of $2.200; two telleis, each with a
salaiy of $2,200 ; two aw-tant tellers, each witii a salary
of 000 ; one einef eleik, with a. salmy of $2,000 ; fifteen
cieiks of class four; fiUeen cleilcs of claw* three; eleven
of cla-s two, and nine of cia^s one ; one messenger in
chaise of in,ills, with a «al.iry of $1,000 ; nine messengers,
with a salaiy of $900 each ; live nieosengejs, with a salary
of $i00 each; smy female cieiks, with a balaryof $60*0
each ; live laborer," with a salaiv of$000 each; and seven
female laboier*, at a snlaiv of $230 each. And the officers,
cieiks, employe*! hereby authouzed, shall be in lieu of
all the foiee now employed in the said office; and the
am min t nei es-.Ndiy to pay the salni tec of said officers, Herks,
and emploje-, in addition to tne amount heretofore pro-
vided !oi the present fiscal ye;ii,is huieby appiopuutcd
oni of any money in the Tr^a-miy not otherwise appro-
pi lined.
I send to the desk a communication from the
Treasurer, which I desire to have read for the
information of the Senate.
The Secretary lead the following; letter:
Tri:a8URY or the Un-ited Status,
Washington, Mai eh 2$, Itf61.
My Dear Sir : Since my communication to you of the
1st <>f D-'eeinbrr and the iltii of Jnnu.uy la*t, wherein I
stated the then needs and wants ol tlu.« office, the whole
bu-iuess of the office has been so hugely increased, mainly
in eoiij-eqnewe of the oiganizatioii of national banks, and
by their <i<'M<rti<ition as depositories and financial acentsof
the Government, that it has become necessary that the rec-
ommendations in those coirimnnications should be essen-
tially modified, so as to meet the pio.-icnt exigencies of the
alteied eircuin-tances.
The pioviMonsof section six of the act of March 14,
1861, authorize the appointment ol twenty-nine additional
clerks in this office k<duiimj the icbelhrm and for one year
aftei its close." Tin* merely chances such tempotaiy
clerks as were employed in this oflice'ni October, 1H53, to
cieiks with the •*anie eoinp-m-sdtion that they then received,
to permanent cieiks for the time j-peeifmi m the act. Since
that tune, the cloaca! foice of the office, especially of the
higher classes, ha*, on account of the iaigcly increased
labor, been oon«uIeiably increased; and the labor is still
increasing day by day, and will leqinte for its accomplish-
ment still nu/'e clerks of the hnrhei grades.
I find it impossible to keep up the woik with such poi-
sons as can be had at the pn'acnt inadequate pay allowed
for clerks, without taxing the enemies ot many of tiie em-
ployes be\ ond the point of human < ndunniec.
temec I as.*-utned the dutie- id thi>ofliee, jt<- business, has?
meiea^cd inoie than a hundred fold Many of the em-
ployes are c. ompellcd to woi k double and * ome triple ofiiee
iioui-. ami this can only be done by woikmg late and cruly
and Sundays,
The puee of living has, since the salaries were fixed,
doubled. The chain into the Aimy,tne enlaiL'^d commer-
cial and nianuf.ictui nij? bur nie*-*- operation • ot the country,
and the large tnoiea-e ol banks, have cieati'd a great demand
for the peculiar kind of tah nt requeue lor cieiks m tins
ofih'c.
i\'\v eleiks arc needed who aie not either experts in the
handling of money or thoiouuhiy lamihai with accounts,
and W..-II vi'rsed in hook-keeping by double entry. In tact,
nio.st of ihern should he equal to the management of the
bu-mess of a bank oi of a huge nieieantile hou-e.
The place of chief of the division of icdemptionshas now
been vacant for ovei three mouths, ,mii although yon kindly
ofteied to coritnbute fioni the fund under the loan law two
hundred dollar* more than the law allows fot tne salary, it
ha-, been iound nnpos>ible to pioperly Jill it. The duties
and le&ponsibihtu'"* of that division are now \enfold
greater than were those of the, v. hole office thr.^e year? ago.
And the hume is uue in degiee o£ otbei divisions of this
office.
I have been obliged to withdraw the cashier ftom his
appiopuate duties and place h,m ?n charge of tinsdn i-ion,
to tbegreatdetiiment ot thehu^iriersol theofhee geneialfv.
The ca ii;er, the A^-si^t.int Ttcas-un r, and myx-if have
been compelled to contubute from present inadequate sal-
aries to the pay of othei.-. in older to be able to let.un their
indispensable seiviccs in tin; office. Many ot the hot
clerks, including some or the hifne.-L aiade allowed bylaw,
have resigned their places because or the insufficiency of
the pay. No !e-s than lour sii'-h ha\c tor tnat eau.se anil
toi being ov^rwoiKod you then icognations a4- ch-iks
in this oliiee within a wee!;.
Undei the.se cucunistances it become- my duty fiankly
to state the tact that I am no longer able to cominct the
bu*unts<s ntfd.iif of the ofiiee ,-ati-f.ietouly to my--cif or with
safety to the public interest without a thoiough rcoigani-
zation ; without tbi« I, too, shall be compelled, however
reluctantly, to yieid my place, *o that some one may be
appointed in iny stead wno has the talent to " make brick
without stiaw."
This reoigauix.ition is now tmperatfve on account of the
vast ripw iespon«rtbility thrown upon tlio office by its be-
coming the custodian of all the securities of whatever kind
or tor whatever purpose of all the national banks. Tlnee
hundred and fifty of these banks are already fully organ-
ized, and have deposited United States bonds to secure
their circulation* Of this number, one hundred and twentyv
five have already been designated as depositories and finaO'-
cial agent*; of the Government, and have deposited tbefr
securities as such. The United States Depository accounts
have thus been increased within four month*, horn sixteen,
including the offices of the Assistant Treasuiers, to one
hundred and fifty-three, with a ceitamty of constant in-
crease for some time to come.
The necessary busmehs transactions in this office in the
past year, as evidenced by the books, exceeded two and a
half billion dollais, involving,ut is believed, more risk and
pecuniary responsibility tnan the management of any other
institution in the woild.
In addition to the charge of the bank securities, and the
keeping of the accounts of such as have been designated
as depositories, and the accounts proper ot the oiiice at
Washington, which are larger than those of any Assistant
Treasurer, this office has the charge and final accounting
for of ail the othci offices of the Treasury. Yet the salary
of the Treasurer is Jess than the salary of some of the As-
sistant Treasurers. The justice or injustice of this is left
for others to decide, hut of the insufficiency of the salaries
of the other officers, clerks, and others employed in this
office and who cannot be indueed to sacrifice their private
interest, ft is a duty required of me to speak.
The reorganization of the office, with the necessary in-
crease of pay to injure its eflieicney, as per schedule an-
nexed, is therefore most respectfully but earnestly recom-
mended.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, FRANCIS E. a PINNER,
Tieasurer of ike United Slates.
Hon. R. P. Chase, Secretary of the Treasury, Washington,
Dutuctof Columbia,
Schedule of proposed appointments and pay for employes in
the office of the Tttamrer of the United States.
The Assistant Treasurer $9,800
The cashier  2,800
The assistant cashier  2,500
The chief clerk  2,400
The chief of the Division of Issues  2,400
The chief of the Division of Redemption*  2,400
The chief of the Division of Loans  2,400
The chief of the Division of Accounts  2,400
A clnef of the Division ot National Banks  2,400
Two principal book-keepers,each  2,200
Two pr^ieipal tellers, each  2,200
Two assistant tellers, eacli    2,000
Fifteen clerks of class four, each  3,800
Fifteen cieiks of class three, each     3,600
Eleven cieiks of class two, each  1,400
Nine clerks of class one, each.......  1,200
One messenger in charge of mails  1,000
Nine messengers, each  900
Five asr-istant messengers, each  700
Sixty female eleik?, each  600
Five hihuiefc, each   COO
Seven female laborers, each  240
Not to be in addition to auy persons now employed, but
in lieu of all that are n.ow employed in the office of the
Treasurer of the United Stale*.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I • now offer another
amendment, which, if adopted, is to precede the
section just agreed to:
JUnd be it further enacted, That from anil after the present
fine a I yom, the *alaiyot the Trea:-urer of the United State*
shall be $6,0o0 per annum.
The present Treasurer of the United States has
heavier responsibilities upon him than probably
any other officer m the Government. His salary
formerly was $3,000. Two years ago, I think, the
Finance Committee recommended that the salary
be raised to $6,000. Six thousand dollats no wis,
to be sure, more than $3,000 was when the salary
was fixed, but not very largely m excess of it. At
the time it was recommended, two years ago, it
was, on motion of some gentleman, struck down
to $5,000. Two of the Assistant Treasurers in
other places—New York and San Francisco—
who are second to him, receive &G,00Q a year.
The Committee on Finance is very averse to
increasing salaries, and it has come to the con-
clusion arrived at in this case with extieme reluct-
ancc; and with reference to the amendment that
lias just been made, the members of the commit-
tee became satisfied from personal examination
that it was absolutely neccssary, in order to con-
duct the buainess of the office wall safety and
pioprivty, tliat the changes made theie, and which
were also recommended by the Secretary of the
Twrasuty, should be made. There is no specific
recommendation with reference to the salary of
the Treasuier. We are aware of his responsi-
bilities; we are aware that he is offered much
higher pay to go elsewhere, as hn? clerks have
been offered higherpay,.and taken away from him,
