1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
that principle in regard to aU the appropriations,
what does the check of Congress over the money
of the people amount to? If we appropriate
$40,000,000 for a particular object, and m the opin-
ion of the men who disburse it only $30,000,000
is necessary, they will only expend $30,000,000;
and what is the harm in it? If to pay the judicial
expenses of the Government, to pay the expenses
of our foreign ministers and consuls abroad, we
appropriate $5,000,000 and the Government only
has occasion to use $4,000,000, the rest of it will
remain in theTreasury. Why should we trouble
ourselves with details and with looking to see
what is the necessary appropriation to pay the
officets created by law? Why make any calcu-
lation about it? No more will be paid than the
law allows, and we may just as well lump it and
be sure to appropriate enough to pay all these ex-
penses, and of course the disbursing officers will
pay out no more than is proper!
If that argument is a sound one, of course the
Finance Committee and this body and Congress
will be relieved from any supervision over the
Treasury, except to be sure and make appropri-
ations big enough to cover everything. 1 sub-
mit, is that the kind of care that Congress should
exercise over tho Treasury ? Is that what is meant
by prohibitingmoney beingdrawn from theTreas-
ury except in pursuance of appropriations made
by law ?
It is very manifest that when the law to create
the Territory of Arizona was passed it was passed
under the impression that it was to be no expense
to the Government to establish thatTemtory un-
less the officers went there and discharged their
duties in the Territory. I know that at the time the
bill creating the Territory of Arizona was up I
opposed it upon this very ground, and I think the
Senator from Maine concurred with me, though
I am not sure about that. I think he voted with
me against the bill; but Congress thought proper
to pass it. I have nothing to say now about the
creation of the Territory, but Congress passed it
with this provision in the law. As we have posi-
tive evidence in the official reports that the whole
appropiiation for a year cannot be due to this
officer, it seems to me we ought not to make the
whole appropriation for the year.
Again, I should like to know whether appro-
priations arc made in this bill for attorneys and
marshals and judges and all the officers in Ari-
zona. I see nothing in this deficiency bill forany
officers there except the surveyor general. Lot
me inquire of the Finance Committee why the
bill does not embrace an appropriation for the
Governorand judges? They have been appointed.
Mr. ANTHONY. An appropriation was made
to pay them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware that that
was so.
Mr. ANTHONY. The appropriation for sur-
veyor general was not made because it was not
supposed the man would be appointed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have confirmed no
surveyor general, as I understand. There has
been no person who has received thoconfirnmtion
of the Senate, and this appointment was made, I
believe, after the Senate adjourned. That would
not prevent his being entitled to his pay, I agree,
if he has gone to theTerritory and is discharging
his duties.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then 1 do not see any diffi-
culty. The Senator from Illinois is willing that
the surveyor general shall be paid from the time
he went there and entered upon his dunes. That
is all he can be paid under the appropriation con-
tained in the bill. If the amount contained in the
clause is not correct, and if the Senator from Illi-
nois can tell what the proper amount is, I am per-
fectly willing to have it cut down to the precise
sum necessary; but I am not willing that a man
shall be appointed by the President under the law
and go out there, and then that you shall refuse
to give him bis pay.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is for the committee to
know the precise amount. I am not on the Fi-
nance Committee; perhaps the Senator from Rhode
Island is.
Mr. ANTHONY. I*tm not, but I take the
amount from the'committee. Perhaps thh Amount
is too large. It may be. If the committed have
made a mistake I am willing to have the appro-
priation cut down to the proper amount.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By referring to the an-
nual report of tho Secretary of the Interior, I find
that the surveyor genera! left Fort Craig, in New
Mexico, for Arizona on the 9th of July last, and
that on the 31et of the same month he was in the
Territory and visiting different localities to select
a place for his office, so that by the 1st of July it
will not be very far from a year since he was on
the spot, and actually in the discharge of his du-
ties, if I read this report aright.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How would he be enti-
tled to four thousand dollars and upward for a
year?
Mr. FESSENDEN. For his clerks and the
expenses of the office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to see the
law that allows an appropriation for the clerics.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They all have clerks.
They cannot get along without them.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Itisnotin the act creating
the Territory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Theelauseis "forcom-
pensation of the surveyor general and the clerks
in his office, $4,250." We allow clerks in all
these offices.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Under what law ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot speak of tho law
particularly. 1 know it is the practice. I hove
not examined this matter minutely to ascertain
about it; but it having passed the supervision of
the Secretary of the interior, he having recom-
mended it, and it having passed through the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and of the House of
Representatives, 1 supposed that the estimates
weie made rightly. This is according to an esti-
mate sent m. I do not know how much precisely
is required.
I do not exactly understand my honorable
friend from Illinois. He seems to argue all these
questions precisely as if he was before some pub-
lic meeting out in Illinois attacking the Adminis-
tration, where there is nobody to reply and where
they do not understand the manner in which this
business is done. I think that is hardly a fair
way of piescnting it. The Senator knows very
well that it is impossible for us to ascertain pre-
cisely how everything is to be done. He goes
up^i' the presumption that every officer m all the
Departments,every accounting officer, is a rascal
and will disobey the law, and that there is no hon-
esty anywhere except m himself, or at least no
sufficient degree of honesty and of looking after
the public business on the part of any one else.
I cannot understand it in any other way, because
he is attacking the. mode in which business has
been done from the foundation of th<* Government,
and must be done. We cannot ascertain to a cer-
tainty in a great many eases exactly how much
money is iveessary to meet a particular contin-
gency. This is one of those cases, and the diffi-
culty arises from the fact that we do not know-
when the man entered upon the discharge of the
duties of his office under the law. But a question
of that kind comes to the accounting officer al-
ways, and it is to be presumed, to say the least,
that the accounting officer will do his duty in
scrutinizing the account. The question of money
not being drawn from the Treasury except under
an appropriation made l^y law docs not arise.
We make the appropriation; but it does not fol-
low from that that all tho money we appropriate
for a given purpose is necessauly to be drawn
out of the Treasury, unless it is due when tlwi
account is stated.
For myself, 1 believe that the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury Deportment, both under this
Administration and previous Administrations,
have always been stringent and careful in exam-
ining the accounts presented. The complaint has
been that they have been too stringent and too
careful and too minute, and raised too many tech-
nical objections, rather than that they allowed too
much. Undoubtedly there are to be found in all
large bodies of men some who are subject to
temptation and are not honest; but as a general
rule the accounting officers, in my judgment, are
honest men and do their duty strictly, and per-
haps as strictly as the public interests require.
Now, sir, let i he people understand in connection
with this attack made by the honorable Senator,
that here we appropriate the money that we find
the law requires us to appropriate in order to carry
out certain purposes ot the Government. We
can go no further than that. We may examine,
and if the sum is too much cut it down; butitdoes
not follow thatall the money that is appropriated
is necessarily to be paid out. The object is* in
order to prevent any obstacle in the way of effect-
ing the public service, to appropriate enough 'to
accomplish the purpose. 1 f that money is earned
under ihe law, the accounting officers will allovtr
and pay it. If it is not.earned under the. law, it
will not be paid but will remain in theTreasury,
and no harm is done. Money is not taken outof
the Treasury simply by appropriating it,because
if the contingency does not arise, if the service is
notrendered, itremains in theTreasury, itisjust
as good for our purpose as if we had not made nn
Appropriation. We pass thousands of appropri-8"
ations, 1 was about to say, to be paid " outof any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated." It is there in mass; if not drawn it i-emains
there, and there is no harm done. It is very com-
mon with the honorable Senator to make these
attacksupon theCommitteeon Finance, aa if they
did not do their duty, as if they did not look into
things, as if they did not know enough minutely.
1 have the highestrespectformy honorable friend,
for his intelligence and for his integrity, and I do
wish that hestood in my place,thathe waschair-
man of the Committee on Finance. If he were
we should have the expenses of this Government
figured out to a copper in every particular, and
everything placed in such minute, Pimhco order
that everybody could understand exactly what it
was in every respect, bccause the complaint he
makes of the Committee on Finance is that it is
not so done. I only say that with the limited
capacity I am enabled to bring to the investigation
of questions I am perfectly unable, and any other
man, even he, would be unable, to ascertain to a
shilling how every appropriation-is to be made
and how it is to be paid. The thing is impossible
in the nature of things. We must, after all, trust
to those persons who are appointed to-administer
another branch of the Government—1 mean those
who look and see that the accounts are properly
kept and then pay them. We have nothing to do
with (he payment of money. If we appropriate
#1,000 or §5,000 too much in a particularinstance
by accident, as we may do, and perhaps as we
frequently do—I cannot tell how that is; I hope
it is not the cose, however, and I do not think it
is—it dees not follow that the Treasury is injured
or that the money is to be paid out. In such a
case all the money cannot be drawn unless there
is dishonesty or blundering in the statement ot
the accounts for which the particular sum may be
appropriated. That is the fact, and I think it may
as well be understood so. It is one thing to get
up hero to find fault and another thing to correct
the fault. If in this case the honorable Senator will
undertake to say when this officer did get there,
when he enteied upon the discharge of his duties,
what the legal amountof his expenses is, and cut
the appropiiation down to that, we shall all vote
for such an amendmcrft; but if he cannot tell, if
he cannot correct it, let us not strike out the whole
'| when the man is t here, and when if he is not there
!] he will not be paid under the law.
ij Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am sorry
i that nn attempt to call attention to this item in the
I appropriation bill should have been so unpleasant
I to the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me say to my friend
I if he will allow me to explain, that it is not to the
j attempt to call attention to it that I object, but to
,! his iterated and reiterated attacks upon the Com-
I mittee on Finance for their looseness and care*
■' lessnessin the examination ofthese bills, ofwhich
ij he does not know anything himselfexcept to find
i| fault.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I admit that I know very
little in regard to the financial operations of the
Government, and lets as to the action of the Fi-
nance Committee. 1 have thegreatestconfidence
in its ability, and feel very grateful to that com-
mittee for the care with which itordinarily watches
over the Treasury. The Senator from Maine is
very much mistaken if he supposes that 1 designed
to make any attack either upon the Committee on
Finance or upon the Government, or if he sup-
poses that I charged every officer of the Govern-
ment with dishonesty, or presumed that every
officer of the Government was dishonest, or if he
supposes that I set up any peculiar claims for
honesty on my part. TheseareaH imaginations
on the part of the Senator from Maine. I have
very great confidence in the honesty and th® in-
