2670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not suppose there is
a district in the United States where there is not
a newspaper.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir, there are.
, Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think that
amendment is necessary.
Mr. ANTHONY. At any rate it cannot do
any harm, and if there is any necessity for it it
is desirable to have it done. There are districts
where there are no newspapers.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not object to it if
the Senator thinks it neceSssary; but "most ac-
cessible " would hardly do.
Mr. ANTHONY. Say " nearest thereto."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will be made.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now, on page 34, section
twenty-nine, line eleven, after the words "in
writing," I move to insert "a copy thereof to be
sent by mail."
Mr. FESSENDEN. We thought that in a
case of that sort it would be hardly advisable to
allow the notice to be sent by mail. It will be
noticed that that section provides for the seizure
and sale of real estate, and that is so important a
matter that if a person has a place of residence or
business in the district, we thought that before his
Estate was seized and sold he should have actual
notice. There are not many such cases, and notice
can be served in person or left at his last usual
place of abode without difficulty. That matter
came up for consideration, ana the committee
thought, on the whole, that in so important a
proceeding as the seizure and sale of real estate
for taxes there ought to be spccial paina^taken
to give actual notice to the parties.
Mr. ANTHONY. Unquestionably. But this
is in addition to the notice in fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If you give the notice in
person or serve it at his house what is the use of
sending it by mail besides?
Mr. ANTHONY. I can see no objection to
it. It is an additional precaution.
Mr, FESSENDEN. It is imposing an addi-
tional duty on the officer.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is taking every precau-
tion. The person may not be at his house, lie
may he away, and notice might reach him by
mail that would not reach him if' left at his house.
It has this merit, that it is an additional notice.
Mr. CLARK. The committee considered that
there could be no sort of necessity for that. In the
first place the original notice is given to the man
in hand or left at his last usual placc of abode; and
then if you require the officer to send a copy of
the notice by mail, the original not having gone
by mail, it not only imposes the duty of sending
a copy through the mail, but obliges the collector
to preserve evidence of having sent a copy so
that he may perfect the sale. When you have
given the man the notice in hand or loft it at his
place of abode, there seems to be no sense and
no necessity for putting a copy of that notice
into the mail.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The notice is an extended
notice. He has to state a good many things in it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. _ The Clerk will find these
amendments in the printed amendments that were
offered by my colleague who is not ill his scat,
and at whose request 1 take charge of them.
In section fifty-eight, line thirty-two, I move
to insert after the word " used" the words:
Provided, That whisky distilled and consumed in the
production of fabrics (br wearing apparel, at the place of
such production, upon which a duty of five per cent, it
assessed upon the gross amount thereof, shall be exempt
from tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is exempting all
that is used in manufactures.
Mr. ANTHONY. In manufactures on the
premises.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. On the same page, after
section fifty-nine, I move to insert as a new sec-
tion:
Jlnihe it further enacted^ That the owner or owners of
any manufactory of eoltou or woolen goods may provide
at his or their own expense, a warehouse, established In
conformity with such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe, and such warehouse, when ap-
proved by the collector, is hereby declared a bonded ware-
house of the United States, and shall be used only for stor-
ing cotton or woolen goods, and to be under the custody of
the collector or his deputy. And the duty on the cotton or
woolen goods stored in such warehouse shall be paid be-
fore they are removed, in pursuance of law.
This is to give the domestic producer the same
advantage in paying his duties that isgiven to the
foreign producer. A man imports fabrics and he
places them in a bonded warehouse, and when he
desires to put them upon the market he pays the
duty. There are two seasons of the year when
fabrics of this kind are main!ysold,in the spring
and in the fall; but the production goes on all the
time, and the importation goes on all the time.
The importer has the privilege of placing his goods
in bond and paying the duties only when he puts
them on the market. Why Should not the do-
mestic producer have the same privilege? He
can put them in bond under regulations of the
Secretary of the Treasury as I propose.
Mr. FESSEJNDEN. The imported goods are
put in public stores.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is in public stores.
Mr. FESSENDEN". No, his own store.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have not got quite through.
I must try to get something out of the chairman
of the Committee on Finance if I can.
In section eighty-five, line thirty-seven, I move
to strike out " First. Freight from the place of
deposit, at the time of sale, to the place of deliv-
ery," and to insert:
First. For ail sums paid for storage, freight, insurance,
and labor, from the place of manufacturing to the place of
deposit or sale and delivery, and for actual interest from
the commencement ot production to the date of sale.
The object of the section, I take it, is that goods
which are sold at the place of production shall pay
the same duty as goods sold in commission houses
consigned to other places, and the section exempts
one of the expenses. I dt> not see any reason why
that expense should be deducted rather than all
the others. It seems to me that the goods sold
at the placeof production, or the goods sold at the
placc of distribution, should be reduced to pre-
cisely the same basis for taxation, and that is the
object of the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In other words that until
the goods are sold by the manufacturer the Gov-
ernment shall nay him interest on them.
Mr. ANTFJONT. Not so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thatisthe provision pro-
posed.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is not that the Govern-
ment shall pay him interest, but that the manu-
facturer shall not pay duty on the interest which
he pays,
Mr. CLARK. You allow him interest.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, it is only the duty on
the interest that is to be deducted.
1VI r. JOHNSON. Read it again.
The Secretary road the amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Maine
might as well say that the Government pays the
manufacturer freight on his goods as that it pays
him interest. Tt merely cxcepts the duty from
interest and from freight. If the provision of
the section is corrcct the amendment is proper.
It merely carries out the same principle which is
acknowledged in the bill, but only imperfectly
carried out. I hope the Senator from Maine will
yield to us this amendment; he has been rather
hard on us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not depend on
the Senator from Make, though the Senator from
Maine thmks the amendment a very absurd one.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I hope the Senate
will vote him down.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. On page 116, line forty, of
the same section, I move to insert after the words
u per cent." the following words:
For guarantee not exceeding three percent, actually paid,
and tor such amounts of interest as will reduce time sales
to cash, for customary allowance for wear and tear of ma-
chinery used in the production of the article tated.
That is precisely on the same principle as the
preceding amendment. They both ought to be
adopted. They both reduce the goods that are
sold at the point of distribution to the same rate
of taxation as the goods that are sold at the point
of production. I cannot see how the committee
can assent to the exemption they have made in
this section and not agree to go to the extent now
proposed.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. In section ninety-three,
line nineteen, I move to strike out the words " by
the purchasers thereof" and insert "one half by
the purchasers and one half by the sellers thereof;"
so as to make the proviso read:
Provided, That in case of contracts of lease of coal lands
made prior to the passage of this act the lessee shall pay
the tax, if not otherwise agreed ; and all duties or taxes on
coal mined and delivered by coal operators on contiacts
heretofore made shall be paid one half by the purchasers
and one half by the sellers thereof, if not otherwise agreed
by the parties.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr.ANTHONY. The nextamendment which
I propose to offer is so reasonable and just that i
hope the Senator from Maine will agree to it. U
is to insert after line four hundred and thirty-
eight, of section ninety-three, this proviso:
Provided, That if any of the articles named herein are
manufactured in one district and receive final process in
another, if manufactured by one and the same party, the
tax shall be assessed in the district in which the article as
aforesaid receives its final process.
There are a great many articles of manufacture
that go through different processes at different
places; and where the same producer finishes the
perfect article, taking it from the raw material,
this amendment allows him to pay the tax upon
the whole value of the article when finished, in-
stead of paying it from time to time at different
stages of its manufacture.
Mr. JOHNSON. Suppose he.does not finish it?
Mr. ANTHONY. Never finishes it?
Mr. JOHNSON. Suppose he sells it in an un-
finished state?
Mr. ANTHONY. Then the provision does '
not apply to him.
Mr. JOHNSON. But he gets off without any
tax.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly not. Theamend-
ment only applies where the article receives final
process. If ne sells it before it receives final pio-
cess it does not apply to him.
Mr. JOHNSON. But then he pays no tax.
Mr ANTHONY. If a man violates the law,
he is subject to its penalties.
Mr. COLLAMER, By "final process," I
suppose, is meant that process which subjects
the article to taxation.
Mr. ANTHONY. I mean that process which
placcs it in the hands of the consumer ready for
consumption.
Mr. COLLAMER. It would be considered
finished when subject to tax, though it might not
have received final process.
Mr. ANTHONY. The term " final process"
may bean indefinite one. I do not know as much
as the Senator from Maine and the Senator from
Vermont on almost anything else, but I do know
more about manufacturing, and I know this
amendment will be a very great convenience.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will enable a manu-
facturer to escape a part of the tax.
Mr. ANTHONY. I take it you do not want to
make the bill unnecessarily odious to the people.
Mr. COLLAMER. Suppose you take a piece
of mushn-de-laine, all finished except the print-
ing, is it not subject to taxation them ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then it has its "final
process" for the purpose of taxation; but if you
go on and have it printed in another place, and
call that the final process, it may escape the first
taxation altogether.
Mr. ANTHONY. I cannot see it so. I hope
that certainly those Senators whose constituents
are concerned in textile productions will vote for
this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My constituents are, and
I will vote against it.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to ask Senators why
when a man carries on these two branches of man-
ufacture he should be allowed to be taxed differ-
ently from the persons who carry on each a dif-
ferent branch. One party may make printing
cloths and pay the tax at the end of that process;
another party may make printing cloths and print
them, and he wants to pay the tax all at the end
of the printing, whereas somebody else might
print the first printing cloths. Why not let us
all be taxed together? One man may be fortu-
nate enough to own establishments to carry on
the whole, but it is not so with everybody. Let
everybody stand alike under the law.
Mr. ANTHONY. I can answer the Senator's
