1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
He prefers to stay, and I dare say he will stay
if we do not increase his salary; but it seemed to
a majority of the committee, considering the im-
mense increase of responsibility, considering that
formeiiy the Treasurer of the United States was
a mere clcik, and a clerk of a low grade, com-
pared with what the Treasurer of the United
States now is, considering1 the immense labor that
he'has to perform, considering Che great differ-
ence in theexpensesof living at the present time,
we thought it an act of absolute justice to the
Treasurer to place his salary at least upon a par
with that of any of his assistants outside of the
city of Washington. This was the conclusion
arrived at by a majority of the committee; and I
submit it for-the Senate to decide whether or not
it is advisable. I may add that there is no bet-
ter officer in any Government than General Spin-
ner, the Treasurer of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The adoption of these
amendments renders it necessary to go back to
page 12 and make a little change in the provisions
there. In line two hundred and sixty-three, after
the words " assistant cashier,"I move to insert
" chiefs of divisions."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line two hundred and
sixty-four, before the word " clerks," I move to
insert" officeis," and after the word 44 messen-
gers,"in the same line, to insert "employes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now I move to make
the appropriation $170,340 instead of $109,980, so
as to make the clause read:
For compensation of the Tieasuiei of the United States,
Assistant Treasurer, cashier, assistant cashier, ehiels ot
division*,chief eleik, the offieris, clerks, messengers as-
sistant nicHboiigois, eniplov6s\ and laboreis in his office.
$170,m
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have another amend-
ment, which is recommended by tho Committee
on Finance as a new section:
Jlnd be it fmther enacted, That twenty per cent, be added
to themmual conipcii^auun ui'iiic im-sai-ngois, watchmen,
and laborers uniplojed in the seveml J)ei>;utiueiil*aiid un-
der the Coninii^sio'iet of PuliUc Building, to commence
on the piHvjijje of this act, and to tei inmate at the cIomj of
the next lineal year, ami to be calculated only upon the
amount of compensation accruing altei the apptoval of this
act: ProiUteil, however, That no j-alary he increased heicbj
so as to exceed the mini of §900. And the muds necessary
to pay tiie additional compensation herein specified lor the
present and the next fiscal yeai are heieby appioptiated.
The Senate sent to the Committee on Finance
a petition from this class of public servants, re-
questing an increase of their salary. The commit-
tee were compelled, from the necessity of the
case, to examine into the matter, and became en-
tirely satisfied that it was absolutely necessary,
in order that these men might live upon then
pay, to increase their compensation. Rents have
increased enormously, and the prices of all ar-
ticles liave increased enormously. Many of these
men, a very large portion of them, have families,
und large families, and it is utterly impossible for
them to live decently upon the pay they receive.
The committee were somewhat in doubt m what
way to effect the object, but they concluded to
add twenty per cent., which would raise a salary
of $600, for instance, to about seven hundred and
twenty dollars, which is not too much, but that
no salary should be raised above the sum of
$900 by the addition.
As 1 said with regard to the other case, the
committee came to the conclusion reluctantly, for
they arc averse to recommending an increase of
pay; but there are no principles of economy in
our Government or in any Government which
require that public servants should not receive a
decent support out of their labor for the Govern-
ment, and we were satisfied that these employes
could not receive it from the small salaries which
they aie now in the rcceiptof. We have opposed
almost invariably, in almnstevery case strongly,
the increase of any of the upper class of salaries,
those of $2,000 and upward, and have succeeded
in preventing it. Weaie of opinion that men
receiving enough to live on comfortably and re-
spectably must be contented, if they occupy high
piaefs, in some degree with the honor of occu-
pying the places. If we increased anywhere,
we came to the conclusion it should be among
those who receive the lowest pay, laborers, watch-
mcn, messengers, and those men who are actu-
ally suffering in consequence of the very low rate
of pay and from the great expense of living.
They therefore came to the conclusion to recom-
mend that twenty per cent, be added to the an-
nual pay of this class of persons.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. As it is utterly impossible
to get through this bill to-night—for there are a
good many amendments to be offered, and there
is a necessity for an executive session—I move
that the Senate now proceed to the consideration
of executive business,
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 185) to establish a postal money-order sys-
tem; in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 287)
to change the name of the district and port of
Picsque Isle to the district and port of Erie.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 302)
to amend an act entitled "An act to establish and
equalize the grade of line officers of the United
States Navy," approved July 16, 1862.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 395)
to provide a national currency, secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, a id to provide for
the circulation and redemption theieof; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
TERRITORY OF MONTANA.
The message further announced that the House
of Repiosentauves had insisted upon its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
of the House (No. 15) to provide a temporary
government for tin* Territory of Montana, asked
a further free conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses theteon, and had appointed
Mr. Edwin II. Webstkr of Maryland, Mr.
William S. Holm an of Indiana, and Mr. James
M. Marvin of New Yoik, managers at the
same on its part.
Mr. WILK1NSON. I wish to mtike a motion
in regard to the Montana bill, which has just
been returned from the House of Representatives
with a request on the part of that House for a
committee of conference. 1 move that the Sen-
ate insist on its amendments, and agree to the
confeience asked for by the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. When that bill is taken
up,l desire to submit a motion that the Senate
^The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill can
only be taken up now by unanimous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to it if there is
to be a debate.
Mr. SHERMAN I do not want to debate it
myself. 1 do not care when it is taken up, but
whenever it comes up I wish to submit a motion
to recede.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair
understands the objection to be withdrawn. The
Senator from Minnesota moves that the Senate
insist upon its amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate re-
cede from its amendments, which will pass the
bill; but I think we had better not take the vote
now. The motion can be pending,and I should
like to have the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator insists on
that motion, I prefer that the matter should go
over.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to this matter
being taken up now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator from xMaine to withdraw his
objection.
lYfr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then kcannot
come up.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills fiom the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally lead twice by their title,
and leferred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 185) to establish a postal money-
order system—to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
A bill (No. -395) to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds, and
to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof—to the Committee on Finance.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Morgan.]
The motion was agreed to; and after sometime
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 18, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and ap-
proved. -/
BANK BILL.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote of Saturday last,
by which the bank bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
at this time. The House at the adjournment on
Saturday ordered the bill to be engrossed und
read a third time now, and that order must be
carried intoeffectas soon-asthe bill can be reached.
When the bill has been read a third time, the
gentleman can move to reconsider.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to another question of
privilege. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Fenton] was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter which is
behind the engrossment; and until the order for
engiossment is reconsidered, a motion to recon-
sider a vote by which an amendment wasadopted
cannot be reconsidered.
Mr. BROOKS. Can I enter the motion now?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can give no-
tice of a motion to reconsider.
Mr. BROOKS. I give that notice.
CALL OF STATES FOR BILLS.
The SPEAKER, as the regular order of busi-
ness, proceeded to call the States for bills intro-
duced on leave.
JANE B. EVANS.
Me. RICE, of Maine, introduced a bill for the
relief of Jane B. Evans; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Patents.
B. F. KENDALL.
Mr. PERHAM introduced a bill for the relief
of the estate of B. F. Kendall; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, introduceda
bill amendatory of the pension laws; which was
read a first and sccond time, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
BOUNTY LAWS.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, introduced a
bill amendatory of the bounty laws; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
PAY OF OFFICERS.
Mr. STEVENS introduced an act regulating
the pay of certain officers in the Army of the Uni-
ted States; which was lead a first and second time,
andrefcrred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
RELIEF FOR EAST TENNESSEE,
Mr. PENDLETON presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Ohio re-
questing Congress to make provision for relieving
the destitute people of East Tennessee; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
BOUNDARY OF IOWA.
Mr. KASSON introduced a bill to extend the
western boundary of the State of Iowa to the
Missouii rivei; which was lead afirst and second
time,and referred to the Committee on Territories.
