APPENDIX TO-. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March' 4,
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Military Interference .with Elections-Mr, Powell.
Senate.
. alty. perhaps would have been very much ques-
tioned. The President of the United States, how-
ever, utters the same sentiment in his inaugural
address, for in that address he declares:
"Ifby the mere force of numbers a majority should de-
prive a minority of any clearly written constitutional right,
it jnfgfrt in a moral point of view justify revolution; eer-
tafhly would if the lost right were a vital one."
The last part of the extract I read from Mr.
Locke is in substance the same. He says if the
lawful rigbtsof thepeople are overthrown by their
magistrates, they have a right to resist. Mr. Lin-
coln says the violation of the Constitution in a
vital point would justify revolution; and allow me
to tell you, Senators, that one reason why the peo-
ple have submitted so quietly, so uncomplaining-
ly, to the many usurpations of the Executi\r is
that they hoped in ashorttimeto have the privilege
of relieving themselves of the President by means
of free suffrage; but if you allow the military to
prevent free elections you not only stub the Re-
public in its very vitals, but you will by that means
I5ausetm\ny persons who think that these usurp-
ations of power ought to be resisted only at the
-ballot-box to look about for other means to re-
dress their grievances. If you do not wish blood
to flow in this land, if you wish to preserve our
institutions, allow the people the privilege of
turning out every four years their President if
they desire to do so. Give them free speech, free
press, free suffrage. Allow me to tell you that
these three things are the greatest conservative
elements in this country. The people will bear
patiently great wrongs from wicked and corrupt
officials, provided free speech, free press,and free
suffrage are left them. By these lawful agencies
they can in a short time turn unworthy and cor-
rupt officials from their high<places. A wise and
prudent people prefer the use of these constitu-
tional and peaceful agencies to force to rid them-
selves of unworthy public servants. In the va-
rious phases of political parties that have existed
heretofore in this country, the Executive has been
sometimes denounced for usurpation, and we have
had no revolutions. And why ? Because the people
knew that they had the power in their hands, if
a majority were of their opinion, in a short time
to clothe other magistrates with power. But, sir,
for the fiist time in the history of the Republic
we find (hut the Federal military have taken charge
of olucttons. It is a matter that (ho Senate should
gravely consider anil prevent, if they possibly can
do so, by placing upon the statute-book salutary
and wise laws to prevent the recurrence of the
evil. Senatrtis, if you allow the President to ex-
ercise this power, if that magistrate should be k
corrupt or an ambitious or a depraved man, do
you not know that he will use it for the purpose
of perpetuating his power, and leelecting himself?
Theie is no Senator m this Chamber but must
know that what I say is true. Why not, then,
pass the bill without hesitation, and do your duty
at least to prevent it?
1 regret to say that I am very thoroughly satis-
fied that the President is using the military in this
way, and tampering with elections for the purpose
of perpetuating his power. Nothing will con-
vince me to the contiary but such action on the
part of the Executive as will clearly indicate that
lie is not using the military arm of the Govern-
ment for that purpose. His amnesty proclama-
tion is a move in that direction; and at this point
I will, for a few moments, advert to that procla-
mation, dated the 8th December last, accompany-
ing the President's last message. I regard the
proclamation as unwise, inexpedient, unconstitu-
tional, and revolutionary. 1 do not know that I
have ever seen a mote revolutionary document
than this proclamation. It is revolutionary be-
cause it overthrows the Constitution, overthrows
the laws, and by it the Executive assumes powers
that are not conferred upon him by the Constitu-
tion. In a word, lie sets up his own will as the
law; he becomes for the time being a despot; his
will governs instead of the Constitution and the
written laws of the country. The President, in
his proclamation, not only prescribes the qualifi-
cations of voteis, butthe qualifications of officers.
What right has the President of the United States,
whence does In; derive the power, to say who shall
be a qualified elector in the State of Arkansas, or
Syho pbail be qualified to hold office in that State ?
Take his,proclamation and his letter to General
Steele, and you will see that the President assumes
all these powers. He u-ndertakes to prescribe the
qualification of voters, and of the .persons who
shall hold office in that State. I read yesterday
and commented upon the clause of the Constitu-
tion that declares who are qualified electors. I
suppose no Senator will contend that the Presi-
dent of the United States, by virtue of his office,
has the right to alter or to amend the constitutions
of the States of this Union, or the right to say
who shall be a qualified voter for the State offices in
any State, or who shall be qualified to hold State
offices; and yet the President assumes the power
to do all these things in his amnesty proclamation
and in his letter to General Steele touching elec-
tions in the State of Arkansas. I will read from
that letter on this matter:
" The constitution and laws of the State, as before the
rebellion, are in full foice, except that the constitution is
so modified as to declare that there shall be neither slavery
nor in voluntary seivitude cxcept in the punishment of
crime."
By what authority does the President of the
United States assume to amend the constitution
of the State of Arkansas? Ihad thought that that
right was conferred alone upon the sovereign peo-
ple of that State. I have always supposed that
under our form of Government the people, and
the people alone, were clothed with the-sovereign
power to make constitutions and to alter or amend
them. And yet we find that the President of the
United States undertakes to exercise that power.
It is a power as despotic and as absolute as that
exercised by William of Normandy in England
after the battle of Hastings. Is there a Senator
here who will dare rise in his placc and say that
the President has the power to alter or amend the
constitution of any State of the Union ? The Pres-
ident assumes itin his letter to General Steele, and
he undertakes in the amnesty proclamation to pre-
scribe the qualification of voters, for he says that
all who choose to come m and take that oath may
exercise the right of citizens. In his letter to
General Steele he requires that when the officers
arc elected they shall appear at General Steele's
headquarters at Little Rock and take that oath.
Of course that is prescribing the qualification of
the officers as well as of the electors.
That is not all, Mr. President, that is being
done in this direction. We find that the same
thing, to some extent, is being done in Tennes-
see; Governor Johnson's proclamation, although
very objectionable, is free from many of the ob-
jections that are contained in the others. General
Banks is commanding in Louisiana,and he issues
orders regulating elections, regulating labor, and
establishing a kind of semi-peonage among the
negroes, and in his order he uses this remarkable
language:
" Opinion is free and candidates arc numerous Open
hosttlUiescannot be permitted. Indifference will be treated
ad a crime and faction as treason."
Was there ever so atrocious a sentiment as that?
Here is a major general of the Army of the Uni-
ted States who speaks of candidates beingnumer-
ous and opinions free, and yethesays, in the very
next two lines, that he will treat indifference as
a crime; in plain Saxon, that the man who does
not vote will be a criminal and will be punished
with an iron hand. What kind of freedom of
opinion is that? Yet, sir, we find one of the Pres-
ident's creatures, one of his military subordinates,
whom he has pat over one of the military depart-
ments, uttering that unconstitutional and atrocious
sentiment.
You see, sir, that the military are swallowing
up all the other powers of the Government, both
State and national; and it seems that those who
attempt to pass laws to arrest it meet with very
little favor from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. I hope we shall fare better in the Senate.
The pioclamation of the President is unjust to
loyal men. That proclamation will not allow any
person to exercise the functions of citizenship in
one of those States unless he shall take the oath
prescribed. Then, and only then, is he a qualified
voter. Only then is he qualified to hold office.
And who are allowed to avail themselves of the
benefits of this amnesty? Any person, a citizen
of one of those States, can avail himself of it un-
less he falls with in the excepted classes; and those
are, officers in the army of high grade, such as
have left the Congress of the United States, &c.
It is unnecessary for me to enumerate them all.
The exception applies to those who have held
civil office and those who have held high military
command, &c. All others who come in and take
this oath are clothed by the grace of the Presi-
dent's pardoning power with the quahficntionsof
suffrage, and they are permitted to hold office*.
1 say it is unjust to loyal men. There are many
stanch, loyal'Union men in those States, men
who never have had sympathy with the rebel-
lion. The President, in his first message, said
that in all those States, except South Carolina,
he believed a majority were loyal to the old Union.
The President requires all these persons to take .
this oath. If a man had been in the army of the
confederate States, and had slaughtered a hun-
dred Union soldiers, he is a qualified elector on
coming and taking this oath; but a man who had
ever,been a Union man but who could not con-
scientiously take the oath is excluded. I hold
that the oath is of such a character that a con-
scientious, honest man would not takeit; and
meorover I tliink it very unjust to require of a
man who i  and has ever been devoted to the in-
stitutions of his country,and who has been in no-
wise engaged in this rebellion, to submit to the
humiliating condition prescribed for those the
President regards as pardoned felons.
The oath requires a man to swear that he will
support the Constitution of the United States. I
suppose with all Union men there would be no
difficulty about that part of the oath, for they
have been supporting it all the time. But it fur-
ther requires thorn to support the negro policy of
the President and his proclamations on that sub-
ject. I, for one, firmly believe that the Presi-
dent's emancipation proclamation is unconstitu-
tional. I think he had no power to issue it or
to proclaim the freedom of negroes in the States;
and I have no doubt that a large majority of the
Union men in that country concur with mc in
opinion. Yet, sir, you see he requires them to
take that oath, which an honest loyal man can-
not take, if he believed his proclamation to be in
violation of the Constitution, when he swears to
support the Constitution. He cannot in the same
oath swear to support proclamations which de-
prive him of his property, and which he thinks
are in conflict with the Constitution.
The oath requires a man not only to swear to
support the proclamations that have been issued,
but to swear to support those that may be issued
in the future. It applies as well to the future as
to the past or the present. What honest man
would swear that he would support all other proc-
lamations the President might make on the sub-
ject of negroes or negro slavery, even provided he
approved the proclamations already issued ? The
President, in the plenitude of his power, might
issue a proclamation that only negroes should vote
and that only negroes should hold office; and yet
he would swear a man in advance to support it.
I tell you, sir,an honest,conscientious man can-
not take this oath. This proclamation and the oath
elevates the negro above the white man. I will
read one clause of it on that subject. Speaking
of those who are excluded from the benefit of the
proclamation, the President says:
"Anfl all who have engaged in any way in treating colored
and white persons in charge of such otherwise than law-
fully as prisoners of war, and which persons may have been
found in the United States service as soldiers, seamen, or
in any other capacity."
He excludes from this amnesty a soldier in the
rebel army, if he has treated a negro soldier, sea-
man, or white persons in charge of such, other-
wise than as a prisoner of war; but he does not
exclude those engaged in the confederate army
who have treated white soldiers and whita sea-
men or their commanders otherwise than as pris-
oners of war. If one of those rebel soldiers lays
his hand on a negro, and does not treat him as a
prisoner of war, he cannot be pardoned; but he
may take white soldiers and seamen prisoner and
execute them in cold blood after they have sur-
rendered; he may treat them with the utmost
cruelty and with the most savage barbarity, and
that man can come up and avail himself of the
amnesty in President Lincoln's proclamation. If
he touches the saintly person of a negro in that
way there is no chance for him to avail "himself
of the President's amnesty. *
