1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6?
38tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military Interference luith Elections—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
I believe that this is a Government of white
men. I believe it was made by white men and
for the benefit of white men; and I still believe
thatawhite man is better than a negro. I think
every such discrimination in favor of the negro
against the people of our own race is most atro-
cious, and wholly unjustifiable.
There is another thing in this amnesty procla-
mation upon which. 1 will say a word: and that is
the one-tenth principle. When one tenth of the
population, that is, one tenth of those who voted
at the last piesidential election, shall come for-
ward and take the oath, they shall be enough to
govern, says the President. That destroys every
principle of republican Government. It is a prin-
ciple that I suppose none will deny in a republican
and democratic Government, that majorities shall
rule; but here the President says one tenth may
rule. He overthrows the great principle upon
which all republican and democraticGovernments
rest, and he says one tenth, and that one tenth may
be, and 1 have no doubt will be, composed of the
most despicable people of that country; for it is
that kind who are willing to come in, after they
have been engaged in the rebel army, if they get
a little, t it ed and swear nut of it. I have not much
opinion of those men who swear into one army
one day and into another the next. They arc
not the kind of men who should be permitted to
govern any people.
The loyal men there who believe the President's
negro policy is unconstitutional cannot avail
themselves of the amnesty. It is such only as
will come up and submit themselves to that hu-
miliating degradation; brave and upright men arc
not going to humiliate themselves by taking such
a degrading oath. One tenth of that kind of men
arc to govern. They are to govern the nine tenths.
How wiil they govern them? He promises them
that protection which is provided for by the Con-
stitution, which declares " the United States shall
guaianty to every State in the Union a repub-
lican form of Government." I suppose the Presi-
dent intends to keep charge of the governments
of these States in all time by a standing army to
enable this one tenth to govern the nine tenths.
Sir, you cannot cause one tenth of any free white
people on this continent to govern nine tenths,
unless you make the nine tenths absolute slaves.
You must stand by with your bayonets fixed and
coerce nine tenths into absolute unconditional
obedience before one tenth can govern them. The
government the President proposes to guaranty
to these Stales is nor a republican government
within the meaning of the Constitution, and it is
a gross abuse of language so to call it.
Many honorable Senators on the other side of
tin- Chamber, and the school of politicians to which
the Ptesident belongs, have made a great deal of
clamor about the three-fifths slave representation
provided for in the Constitution. Carry out this
one tenth principle in Aikansas, the one tenth
who will avail themselves of the amnesty of the
President, by taking that most humiliating of
oaths, will have it in their power to elect all the
membeis of Cougiess to which Aikansas would
be en titled upon the enumeration of her population
at the last census; antl do you not think that one
man down there will have as much power as ten
men in Minnesota or Michigan? Certainly so;
and that is the policy of the President whose party
has been clamorous upon the negro representation
of tlnee fifths provided in the Constitution for the
slave States.
S/r, 1 do not care upon what ground you place
the question; the President is not clothed with
the power that he has exercised. There are two
theories among the Republicans on this question.
Some say these States are dead, out of the Union,
have committed suicide; others say they are
still States in the Union. Well, if they are States
in the Union, what power has the President of
the United States to alter or amend their consti-
tu';ons, or to fix the qualification of voters in the
Slates, or the qualification of State officers? He
has none. Nobody will contend th-at the Presi-
dent of the United States, by virtue of his office,
has any power or any right to alter or amend the
constitution of any State in the Union. If Arkan-
sas is a State in the Union the President has no
power to alter its constitution, which he has as-
sumed to do. If it is not a State of the Union,
but is a Territory that has been acquired by con-
quest, purchase, or otherwise, then I ask what
authority has the President to admit it as a State
into the Union, or to make a constitution for it?
Is it not plainly written in the Constitution that
Congress may admit new States? Congress, and
Congress alone, has the pov^er to form govern-
ments for the Territories of the United States. If
he holds, then, this to beaTerritory,he exercises
a power conferred by the Constitution on Con-
gtess. So take it in any way you please, and
the President is exercising power absolutely for-
bidden by the Constitution.
I regard the amnesty proclamation as a most
unfortunate one. I believe it will put off and do-
lay a cessation of hostilities, and perhaps are-
construction of the Union, for a long time to
come. I admit that the President is clothed with
the pardoning power; but when he undertook to
issue an amnesty proclamation he should have
made that proclamation ample, full, complete;
he should have icstored these people to all their
rights of person and property under the Consti-
tution; he should have told all those who came
back and rallied under the old flag that they
should enjoy all the rights and all the protection
that the Constitution secures to a citizen of the
United States By such a proclamation the
President would have weakened the rebel cause.
I believe that if such a proclamation were now
issued Arkansas and many of the border States
of the confedeiacy would soon return to the
Union.
As it is, you placc upon them the most humil-
iating conditions, conditions that a brave and hon-
est people who love liberty never, never willsub-
mit to. Why, sir, is there a Senator here who
would, for the purpose of being permitted to ex-
ercise the right of citizenship in a democratic and
republican Govern merit, take an oath that he would
be bound to support all the proclamations that
the Executive should issue on any one given sub-
ject? No, sit. The whole scheme of the Pies-
ident is impracticable. The object, in my judg-
ment, is not to bring those States back into the
Union in good faith, but to establish a kind of
rotten-borough system, to have votes to help to
reelect him President. We may as well speak
plainly as we aie speaking on the subject. I be-
lieve the expedition sent down to Florida was
for the purpose of inaugurating the same system
there; and that foolish and disastrous expedition
results about this way: a loss of fifteen hundred
of the soldieis of the United States in an efToit to
get three electoral votes.
I stated a moment ago that the Executive was
swallowing up every other department of the Gov-
ernment. I am not goini; to consume the time
of the Senate by reciting at any great length the
usurpations of the Administration. The Piesident
and the party in power have violated the Consti-
tution in almost eveiy vital pait. The Constitu-
tion confers on Congiess the power to raise and
suppoi t ai niies, and to pi ovule and io maintain a
Navy. The Piesident has added to the icgular
Army twenty thousand men without warrant of
law. He has added eighteen thousand seamen to
the Navy without the authority of law. The Con-
stitution has been violated by taking money from
the Treasury without authority of law.
" The fieahr.x of speech lias ben violated by the airest
and impiwonmcnt of a number ot persons, ehaiged with no
crime, and \v,io«e only offense wiw the utterance of senti-
ments duuvneuu to tin* men in power.
" The freedom of Ike, jn Ci,s lias been subverted by the sup-
pression of a number oi newspapers.
k* Then «ht lo security from nri est when no crime U charged
ha* been ilwcgaided in the anest and ineaiceration ot a
large number oi person^,denounced by the paia>ites? of the
Administration iiss 'sympathize-' wuh the rebellion.'
" The rh;/it to seem itv (torn unlavjul searches and seizures
lias been violated in immeiotts instance?, m wineh doim
eile.s have been visited, and papers, Su:., seuod without
legal autlionrv.
The -li^hLufa tiiul hj jur>i lias been return! in the cases
of citizen;, attested and nnpruoned.ot bunched by mthtai)
orders ofeouits martial.
u The 11 cedent ot ever v citizen has been taken from him
by the illegal and unnecessary Mi?pension of the light to
demand the v/ut o{ habeas coipus.
" The rl«hl of property ha-, been abrogated by the email
cipatton pioel.imatiou and the confiscation act.
"■ The mvioiabiluyofcontiacH has been dostjoyed by the
act which make* depreciated Tiea&uiy notes a legal tender
for all debts.
" The freedom of religious worship has been violated on
repeated occasions by ufj interference of military officers.
li The rigid of States to the management oj their militia
has been taken from them by the conscnplion act, which .
places the whole military power of the countiy at the dis-
posal of the President.
" The formation of the State of West Virginia was a
violation of the third section of the fourth article of the
Constitution.
" The heretofore undisputed risfit of the people to elect
their le^islatois and rulers has been taken from them, and
the will of minorities disregarded, as u abundantly mani-
fested in the manner in wiuch elections haverecently been,
cairied by the grossest corruption, by military orders, in the
border States of the South,"
Nearly all the violations of the Constitution'
that I have enumerated have been by the Execu-
tive Departmentof the Government, itseems to
me that the Executive, aided by the military "
power, has swallowed up the powers of this Gov-
ernment, both State and national, almostas com-
pletely as did the rod of Aaron swallow up the
rods of the magicians.
We are all subjectat any day to arrest and im-
piisoument without warrant, without trial, with-
out a hearing. We find the President, through his
Secretaries and military commanders, exercising
that power. I regard the piesidential office as a
unit, and that all those Secretaries act by virtue of
his authority. They are but his chicf clerks, as
Mr. Randolph used to call them,and the present
Secretary ^f State, in one of his dispatches to some
Government in Europe, says itis all the action of
the President, whether done by one of the De-
partments or another. That is certainly the true
theory of the Government. Citizens of the high-
est position and respectability have been arrested
without warrant and thrown into prison, where
they have languished, some of them, as long as
seventeen months without accusation or trial.
These officials go on as if they would enjoy power
forever. This is an exercise of power that would
have caused a dictator of Rome to be punished,
Cicero, during his consulship, when he was en-
gaged in putting down the conspiracy of Catiline,
beingclothed with dictatoiinl power by the Roman
senate, put to death five Roman citizens, and that,
too, with the advice and consent ofthe senate. For
overthrowing that conspiracy no man ever was
more lauded, and for that he was called 'parens
patriot; but after that struggle was over, CiceVo,
who had been so eulogized by all Rome, was in-
dicted, tiied, convicted, and banished because he
had put a Roman citizen to death without trial.
Yet, sir, with a written Constitution that abso-
lutely forbids it, when there is no authority in
our Government to confer dictatorial power upon
the Piesident, he imprisons at will thousands of
our citizens without charge, without trial. Sir,
the President and his satraps had better beware.
A brave people will not stand these things always.
A day of reckoning will come, and an awful day it
will be to those guilty men who have overthrown
and trodden under foot the Constitution and laws
of their country, and unlawfully deprived the peo-
ple of their dearest rights.
It is pleasant when we see that a gleam of light
has bioken in upon persons from whom we ex-
pected little good. 1 hold in my hand an extract
from a speech of the most distinguished radical in
America—a man of learning, a man of eloquence,
indeed of rare elocution. 1 had thought that his
whole soul was fully absorbed in this negro ques-
tion, and that he could not talk without bringing:
it in. I mean Wendell Phillips. But while i
think him a fanatic of the deepest dye, he differs
from others of his party; he sometimes has lucid
intervals. Allow me to read an extract from a
speech of that eloquent man on this very point;
" Hut lot mc remind you of annthet tendency of the time.
You know, lor instance, that the wiit of habeas corpus,
by which Government is hound to tender a reason to the
judiciary hemic it lays its hands* upon a citizen, has been
called the high-water mm k ot English liberty. Tne present
Nnpoteon, in his (realise on the English Constitution, calls
it the genu ot Limli-it inMitutjons. Lieber say& that that,
with Im'c ntecimir- liUo this, ,md a fice press, me the tine©
elements which di-tunju'-h liberty tiom despotism, and art
that S.i\ou blood h.i-, yarned in the battles and toil.-? of two-
bundled >eai^ are the-c ilnee thing*. Now, to day, every
one oi' i!iet>e- haheai torj>u->, the nuht of tree meeting, aiwj
fiee pies-v, ib an inhibited in c\ei\ '•(juare mile of the Itopub-
hc. We live to-da\. every one oi us, undo*martial law or
mob taw. The ^et «lai y of put1-- into Iu5 bastjle, wait
a war i ant as luesponsibjo a^ that of Lomvuij man whom
lie p|ea-es; and \oii know that neitnei |nu^ jrui lip* may
ventuie to an.utrn the Government without belns? Hlenced.
" We arc tendimr with rapid -tridew\ou!=ay, inevitable \
T don't deny it. necessaiiiy ; 1 do> >t question it; we are
tending to tiiat stiongGovenuneut which lightened, Jefiej-
Hon ; toward that unlimited debt, that eudtess army. Wo
have already tho>e alien at>d sedtUon, laws which, in 1798,
