1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sions we have had every year large deficiency
bills for contingent expenses in the Senate, and
also in the House of Representatives; but of that
they must take care themselves. One time we
appropriated $30,000 deficiency. The amount
called for this year was much larger than we pro-
pose to appropriate. Two or three items were
left out because we had not sufficient information
on which to predicate an opinion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Whatistheaggregateamount
asked for now ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. About thirty thousand
dollars. Twenty thousand dollars of it is for these
miscellaneous items; the other $.10,000 is abso-
lutely necessary. In the way the thing is done,
in fact, there is great liability to abuse. The Sec-
retary of the Senate keeps the money, but he has
nothing to do with the expenditure of it. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms, for instance, expends the money
jti some cases, and other officers do it in other
cases. The Sergeant-at-Arms contracts at his
discretion for the purchase of articles of furni-
ture and repairs of furniture, and different things
for the Capitol, and he approves the bills, and all
the Secretary or the cashier has to do is to pay
the bills. In one instance I inquired of the cashier
how it had been done: he is recently in his office,
and I do not think any fault comes upon him.
This appropriation is formoney absolutely paid,
in some instances overpaid, more than the amount
appropriated. I asked him how that was done.
His reply was that it is paid out of some other
fund and then made up by a deficiency. That is
all wrong. The books, in my judgment, should
be kept in such a way as to show how every par-
ticular fund appropriated is used; and when the
officer gets to the end of an appropriation for a
particular fund he should stop paying and not go
to another fund at discretion and pay out of that.
I think there should be an additional check upon
the expenditure. Now, when an officer exercises
his discretion and approves the bills, the money
is paid simply upon that. There should always
be a check upon him. A bill should be properly
investigated, or we should in some way bo assured
of its correctness, before it is paid. I am not throw-
ing any imputation on anybody; bnt the Senate
will see that from the manner in which the fund
has been managed it is necessarily liable to very
considerable abuse.
I make the remarks that I do now so as to call
the attention of the Committee on the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate to the subject, in order
that they may if necessary provide some legisla-
tion with regard to it. As it is, as a general rule,
as I understand the accounts that are londered
for these contingent expenses, the payments are
not examined by the committee until after the bills
have absolutely been paid, and then they are ex-
hibited to the committee for their approval. It
may not be so 111 all instances, but it has been in
a great many. What the remedy should be the
Committee on Finance have had no time to ex-
amine, and I do not know thatit is their business
to provide chocks in this matter; it properly be-
longs to other committees to do that. His evi-
dent to meat least that the thing is wrongly man-
aged as it is, and I am tired of having these very
large deficiencies in our own Chamber come in at
every session ofCongiess. At any rate, I think
the matter should lie properly investigated.
Mr. CLARK. As a member of the Commit-
tee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, perhaps it is light that I should
say something in regard to the contingent fund.
1 do not know that the cban man of the Commit-
tee on Finance intends tocast any reflection upon
the Committee on Contingent Expenses. I do
not suppose that he docs. I hat committee, how-
ever, have been very caieful in regard to the ex-
penditure of that fund; but there arc some things
which are beyond the control of the committee,
and in regard to which additional legislation is te-
quiied. It is tiue.dS stated by the Senator from
Maine, the chairman of the Committee on r i-
nanee, that bills aie paid out of the fund, over
which we have no control in the fust outset.
They are approved by some officer of the Senate
whoso duty it is to contract the debt, and then
they go to the Secretary of the Senate, and by
his clerk are paid under that approval; and we
Ijave nothing to do except to audit the account
after it has been paid, examine the voucher, and
see that the voucher corresponds with the ac-
count. But a practice has grown up here which
I think is entirely wrong, and 1 desire to call the
attention of the Senate to it, and to what the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses have done; and
that is a matter whieh was referred to by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance. There
is a practice of paying a bill, say, for instance,
under the " miscellaneous "head, out of any fund
set apart for any other particular purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that done >
Mr. CLARK. The committee thought that
they had put an end to it, but it seems they have
not. I am told it 1ms been the practice for years.
At the last session of Congress, the attention of a
committee then, which is the present committee,
was called to that practice, and they told the Sec-
retary of the Senate, or rather his clerk, that it
must not be done further, because in the judgment
of the committee it was entirely without authority
of law. For instance, Mr. President, you set
apart a fund for the payment of Senators, and I
am told that they go to that fund to pay for mis-
cellaneous items, if they have any of it left. I am
charging no fault upon anjibody, because it has
been the practice. The committee thought they
had put an end to it by calling the attention of the
Secretary of the Senate and of his clerk to it and
expressing their disapprobation of that practice;
but I find that it has been continuing through all
the summer. There can be no security for any
portion of that fund if it is allowed to be exhausted
in that way. But 1 undeistand, and 1 ought to
say for the present clerk of the Secretary of the
Senate, that ho had not any knowledge of such
action onthepartof theeommittee, and f presume
now it will be at once checked by calling his at-
tention to it. Wo shift the clerks, and the one
going out docs not communicate his knowledge
to the one coming in, and so a practice obtains
and continues which ought not to exist. It may
be necessary to have legislation on the subject to
check it, but I think it will be checked on the sug-
gestion of the committee now. I hope it will.
Otherwise a resolution must be brought into the
Senate to check such a practice, for 1 think it is
entirely wrong.
Then, again, the committee undertook at the last
session to put some restriction on the payment o.
these bills, and they passed a resolution directing
the Sergcant-at-Arms, for instance, that no pur-
chase of new furniture should be made unless it
was absolutely necessary. With that provision
of theeommittee and that resolution, the com-
mittee are bound to say the Sergeant-at-Arms in
their opinion has complied and has shown a dis-
position to comply; but the committee went fur-
ther and provided that whenever a bill was pre-
sented to the Sergeant-at-Arms for his approval
and payment, or to the Secietary of the Senate
for his anproval and payment, a certain oath
should be' laken by the paity presenting it. I will
load to the Senate the mituic of the oath, the form
of the oath prescribed, so that the Senate may see
that the committee have not been m inult about
this matter, thcirattention having been called to it:
" Kcsoii'cd, That billsnud accounts piesenied to the com-
mittee lor allowance or to tlie S?ceiet.'uy "I Hie Nnintc lor
payment IIIIW lie piovert to be collect hy the oalh ol Hie
claimant, or some di.-intyre^ted |e:-<>ri io his behalf who
knows the tact.-, m the manner following: J, AB, (lo sol-
emnly ciii tnal the foregoing account e- correct and JU-I;
that ihc labor was actually and iaithfu'.ly performed, and
the whole of the aiticles named m ^aid account were liu-
in.-hed a^stated ; that Ihc puces chained loi such labni and
ailictcs am ieasoiiable, and a* bav.i, they arc liomshcd by
rcfiilai dealer to pnvatc individual in VVa^humton. and
that no oiTicf r el' I lie (.'uvei .inient ha* been ot v.'ill ever be
direct!} oi induectly beaefiled because ot my bcin^ em-
ployed to 1'itinMi the tabor and fuhclc3 named in tin* ac-
count."
That is the oath which the committee required
to lie taken in every case of account; but owing
to the .shifting of the cle.ik there, I am sorry to
say it lias not been done. Ihere are, however,
reasons why a defu icncy may exist, and why the
sum allowed should be incieascd. It is the same
in regard to the contingent fund as to all other
funds of the Government m times of excitement
and war; they v, ant more money than they do at
other limes; as, f u' in stance, this body raised a com-
mittee and gave to that committee power to send
for persons and papets; the money necessary is
paid oilt of tins fund, which was not contemplated
when the appiopnation fur it was made. On ac-
count of one committee laiscd this y ar, there has
alreadybfeii paid out of that iund ^1,000, and so
these dcfictcncies come up.
I desire to say that I do not know of any wrong"
payment out of the fund; I do not know thatany-
body has done intentional wrong; but I desire to'
call the attention of the Senate to the action of tho
committee and to the practices thafhave obtained*
so that the Senate may know what the committee
are doing to stop those practices and to brim" the:'
fund to a regular and proper administration;
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think this difficulty has
grown out of the action of Congress four or five
years ago in passing a joint resolution withdraw-1
uig the expenditure of the contingenc>fand from
the supervising action of the accounting officers
of the Treasury. A question of dignity then
arose between the two Houses and Comptroller
Whittlesey. Comptroller Whittlesey rejected
certain accounts of the House of Representatives,
and the joint resolution to which I have referred
was introduced on the ground that it was beneath
the dignity of either House to submit its contin-
gent accounts to the Comptroller of the Treasury-.
Since that time there has been a greatdeal more
latitude inexpenditure,and the expenditures have
been very largely increased.
There is another difficulty in the way. Ac-
counts are presented and are paid without being
audited by any committee of either House. The
Sergeant-at-Arms buys furniture; those accounts
are presented to the paying teller and are paid
without having passed the scrutiny of the com-
mittee of vvhicn the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Clark] is a member.
Mr. CLARK. I must correct the Senator m
that respect. We scrutinize tho accounts before
they are paid. I must say, in justice to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, that he submits them to us and
states them carefully.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must state that we had
this morning this very teller before us, and he
told us distinctly that he paid these acjjpunts be-
fore they were examined by the committee, and
then sent them to the committee, and that they
were examined by the committee after they were
paid. The question was put to him distinctly,
"Suppose accounts are rejected, what then?" -
" Why, we have to collect them back." Tfra€
was the information we had this morning.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know but that may
have been so in some instances, but what I mean-
is that the accounts are presented to us for scru-
tiny, and then we approve them. We did not
suppose they were paid before presentation to us-.
If that is so, if they are paid before we have ap-
proved them, then the presentation of them to us
is a more farce, and it ought to be corrected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
that we had that information directly from the
paying teller this morning, that his accounts were
paid solely on the certificate of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, or whoever may be the contracting officer,
and did not await the action of the committee be-
foie they were paid. He says that under the law
and under the practice existing for years, that
habit has grown up that they are paid before ex-
amination by the committee; and not only that,
if there is no balance in the Tieasury belonging
to the particular item of tho contingent fund ap-
plicable to the bills, they are still paid outof other
appropriations, so that there is no check. This
appropriation is intended to cover a deficiency of
some f 10,000. The paying teller has, in accord-
ance with the custom, as he says, continued to
pay these accounts; but the appropriation has
been exhausted, and upon being inquired of out
of what money he paid it, he said ho paid it out
of other appropriations disbursed by him, moneys
being diawn from the Treasury on other appro-
priations in his hands, and he continued to pay-
them. It seems to me this ought to be checked;
and I will state that I made a proposition to the
Committee on Finance, but they thought it was
1>ettcr to come fromihe Committee on Contingent
Expenses, to add this proviso:
PronJcd, That hereafter no payment -dial! be made from
the couumjeat Iund ot cithci Ilou-e unless the amount is
li\ed by law, or the account is tii!>t audited by the pioper
commiih c.
That would require all the contingentaccounts
to be laid over until the committee can convene
and pass upon them, and then upon their approval
they may be paid. This would not extend to the
pay of clerks and other employes whose compen-
sation is fixed by law; but as to all contingent
items, as furniture, repairs, and contingencies of
