1608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18.
esteof the country are in jeopardy in consequence
of the almost entire exhaustion of the positive,
solid property of the nation, I think it is incum-
bent upon Congress and upon the Executive to
protect all the property winch the Government
actually possesses.
1 believe there are interests of the Government
in these mines and in these mineral lands almost
enough to pay the public debt. Now, sir, it is a
well-known fact that companies are being- organ-
ized every day in New York for the purpose of
working these mineral lands. In fact, a mining
Hoard has been created for the purpose of dis-
posing of this new mining stock. Those compa-
nies, as I stated, are created for the purpose os-
tensibly of working .these mines belonging to the
Federal Government, and innocent parties are
induced to make investments in these speculative
companies, thus absorbing a large amount of the
capital of the countty, and creating to some ex-
tent the stringency in the money market of which
the Secretary of the Treasury now complains.
Mr. KA3SON. If the gentleman from New
York will allow me to ask a single question, I
desire to know why his resolution does not em-
brace all the mineral lands of all the Territories
not covered by grants made prior to the acquisi-
tion of such territory by the United States?
I will state, if the gentleman will permit mc,
that I laid before the Committee of Ways and
Means recently a communication respecting a
latediscovery of very valuablecoal lands in Wash-
ington Territory. The coal is of a very superior
quality, and is attempted to be used for the pur-
pose of private parties to the exclusion of the in-
terests of the Government.
1 desire, if the resolution is to pass, to put it in
a form to make it effective in other directions; and
to make it effective I think that it is indispensable
that itshould go beforeacommitteeof the House,
whore a bill can be framed to cover all the sub-
jects, and not, as it is now before the House, to
cover a few subjects which may now be prom-
inent in the city of New York.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. In reply to the
gentleman from Iowa, I will say that there is a
bill pending before this House, reported on the
18th of March, (No. 344,) in relation to mines and
minerals on the public domain. There has been
no action by the House m reference to that bill
whatever, in the mean time these large interests
are being occupied and worked to the disadvant-
age of the Government, rendering the Govfern-
ment title thereto insecure. In a letter which I
received from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, he asks pointedly for some immedi-
ate legislation on this question. I therefore pre-
pared this resolution that some immediate action
may be taken by the President of the United
Suites, who is the only competent officer, in the
absence of any congressional action, to protect
these mines and mineral lands from encroachment.
Mr. BENNET. Mr. Speaker, with the per-
mission of the gentleman fiom New York I wish
to say a word or two. I think he is mistaken in
saying that the occupation of these mineral lands
in any wise affects the title of the Government
of the United States. The Government has never
worked their mineral lands itself, but its citizens
have been allowed to go upon them and to woik
them under certain rules and regulations of then-
own making. This has ever been the practicc
in reference to mineral lands—I mean gold and
silver lands—and it cannot affect the title of the
Government of the United States that citizens arc
allowed to go upon these lands and work them.
1 can say to the gentleman, on the contrary, that
this pi ml ego tacitly allowed to the citizens is
yielding gieat advantage to the Govermmnt by
having tins gold and silver produced and put into
circulation. By allowing citizen? to go upon these
minu-Hl lands and to work them has produced j
more than five sixths ot the present circulation of
gold.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD rose.
Mr. BENNET. One word farther. The
gentleman has reft rred to companies forming m
the city of New Yoik. I want to say that the
companies h' iug foimed there by the citizens of
Colorado Temtory are for the purpose of work-
ing these mineial lands. They are bonajide com-
panies . What outsiders are doing, what the cit-
izens of New York are doing, I cannot say; prob-
ably these are some humbug companies, foi there
is.such a thing a& counterfeit coin: butlftoknow
that many of the best citizens of Colorado and
New York are obtaining capital in New York
city to produce gold from those lands and to put
it into-circulation not only not to the detriment,
but resulting to the advantage of the Government.
As to mining stocks in New York, I do not see
but they are as legitimate as railroad or other
stocks. The gentleman talks of puttiug the oc-
cupants off these lands. This cannot be done.
The only thing that should be done is to pass
some liberal statute to aid the occupant, or else
let him entirely alone to work out his own salva-
tion. A reasonable tax would not be objected to
in these war times by the miners, but it should
be accompanied with statutory protection to the
miner in his possessions. With the same pro-
priety the gentleman might piopose to drive the
settlers off the agricultural public lands because
they are producing corn and wheat, as to drive
off those who are producing gold.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. 1 have no doubt
that the citizens are woiking these mines, the ex-
clusive property of the Government, and that if
my resolution be delayed these mines will be ex-
hausted, so that when they come back into the
hands of the Government they will be compara-
tively valueless.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Permit me
to call the gentleman's attention to the question
which I proposed. What is it that he expects
the President to do? Is he to raise a force and
go into the mines and drive the miners off? We
all know that in Colorado, Nevada, and Califor-
nia the settlers go upon these claims, and hold
them by virtue of the laws of the Territory. It
is the law wc had in Illinois, as my colleagues will
bear me witness, that before the public lands were
entered a man could go on and make a settlement,
and hold it against all comers. It is the same
here. If the President is ducctcd to take posses-
sion of these lands he will have to do it by mili-
tary force. He will have to dnve the miners off.
1 will tell the gentleman from New York what
the result will be. I have lived in a mining coun-
try half of my life, and when 1 wont to the mines
of Galena they were precisely in the same condi-
tion as these mines are. They were reserved
from market, and the Government undertook to
send an agent out there to collect rents from the
miners. In 1835 Jeff. Davis was ordered down
from Prairie du Chien with troops to drive the
miners away fiom the lead mines of Dubuque.
The Government undertook to piotect its rights,
and after many years of this trouble and bringing
into the country all sorts of quarrels, the result
was that the Government found itself seven or
eight thousand dollars worse off than nothing.
That will be the condition of things here. As
the gentleman from California has said, if you
undertake to do anything of that kind m uiese
regions you will have civil war there at once.
Mr. SHANNON. Will the gentleman from
New Yoik yield to me a moment?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I cannot yield to
any further interruption.
Mr. SHANNON. I hope the resolution will
be voted down.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. In reply to the
gentleman from Illinois who asks me what I pro-
pose the Piesident shall do, I refer him to the
language of the resolution itself. The resolution
says that the President shall proceed in any way
which his judgment may dictate to pi otect the in-
terest of the Government in thesemines and min-
eral lands. I assume that the President is clothed
with ample power under the laws of Congress to
protect the property of the count! y and the prop-
erty of the Government. I do not propose that
lie shall involve himself in any serious difficulty
or civil war in reference to the repossession of j
these lands; but i do say that when the Govern- (
mentis resorting to most extraoidinary shifts for !
the purpose ot replenishing us Treasury, when it j
is adopting a system of unpiecedented and oner- |
ous taxation, when its expenditures are ten times
its legitimate iceeipts, when it is stiaming its
credit to the utmost extent, when it finds it ne-
cessary to deprive the Slates ot the exclusive right
of regulating their own puvate affaiis through
their monetary institutions; 1 say, under these cir-
cumstances, it is incumbent upon Congress and
the Government to make available its positive and
valuable resources. If a few men m the city of
New York can absorb a capital of $50,000,000 in
the creation of mining institutions, why cannot
the Government throw into the market the right
of working these mines? Why cannot it stop in
and say this is Government propci ty, and not the
property of Wall street speculators and individ-
uals? And why cannot it make application of
their immense values for the purpose of replen-
ishing its exhausted Treasury ? Before resorting
to these extraordinary modes of taxation, and to
the extraordinary series of legislative acts pro-
posed for our consideration, let us replenish the
Treasury from these available resources, and cut
down the Government expenditures fifty per cent.,
as in my judgment can be done without any det-
riment to the public service.
Therefoie, without any consultation with any
of my friends on this side of the House, but be-
ing in possession of a letter from Mr. Edmond,
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
having some knowledge of the transactions of
Wall street in reference to this question, believ-
ing that there are thousands of millions of dol-
lars in these mineral lands which belong to the
Government, and believing that we should resort
to every available means of raising a revenue, I
have offered this resolution that the President of
the United States may do that which, in hisjudg-
ment, was best for the preservation of these
rights and the protection of public property.
I renew the demand for .the previous question.
The question being on the motion to lay the
resolution on the table,
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GANSON. I wish to suggest to my col-
league that he adopt the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,] and make the
resolution apply to all the Teriitories recognizing
existing grants by former Governments.
Mr. STEVENS. I agree to that modifica-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has now
expired, and the House resumes the consideration
of the national currency bill.
DNMUSTfiRBD SOLDIERS.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, asked unan-
imous consent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
stiucted to inquire into the expediency of paying officers
and soldieis who have been in the actual service of the
United States without being mustered into soi vice; and that
they have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HOOPER. I object.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
The House resumed the consideration of an act
(II. R. No. 395) to provide a national currency se-
cured by a pledge of United States bonds and to
provide for the circulation and redemption thereof;
and the bill being engrossed, was, by order of the
House, read the third time.
Mr. HOOPER moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read the third time.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, lsitdebata-
ble ?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable, as the
House is acting under the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. Have 1 not the right to give
the reasons why I think the vote should be re-
considered r
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer, in
the language of the Digest, on page 154:
"Where a vote taken under the operation of the pre-
vious question if-roconsideied. the question is then diverted
of the previous question, and is open to debate and amend-
ment."
It is not, therefore, open to debate until the vote
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time is reconsidered.
Mr. BROOKS. Has not the bill been ordered
to be engrossed and read the third time?
The SPEAKER. It has been.
Mr. BROOKS. Is not that a final action on
the previous question, and has not the pievious
question exhausted itself?
The SPEAKER. The language of the Digest
is: The fact of a question having been decided
under the operation of the previous question
does not prevent debate on a motion to leconaider
