1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38tii Cong....1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Powell.
Senate.;
Ih>.!iop Ames enjoys the entire confidence of this Depatf-
rritint, «m<i no douht is enteitained that ail ministers who
may he appointed hy him will be entnely loyal. You are
expected to give lam al! the aid,countenance,ami support
piaeticabte in the execution oi his impouanl mission.
You <ue also authorized and directed to (urnish Bi&hop
Ames and Ins cletk with transportation and subsistence
when it can be done without prejudice to the seivice, and
will aifotd them eouite-y, asrii*tance, and protection.
By otder of the Secretin v of War:
E. D. TOWNSI3ND,
 .Assistant Adjutant General.
Sir, the first article in the Amendments of the
Constitution says:
u Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-
ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exeicise theieof."
The Secretary of War violated that provision
of the Constitution when he assumed jurisdiction
over these churches. By what authority does he
assume to appoint indirectly, through Bishop
Ames, ministers to all the churches in the three
departments mentioned belonging; to the people
catled the Methodist Episcopal church South ?
Bishop Ames does not belong to that church him-
self. Ho belongs to the Methodist Episcopal
church .North. The MethodistEpiscopal church
Notth and the Methodist Episcopal church South
are two separate and distinct institutions. They
divided, I believe, in May, 1845. Since then they
have been separate and distinct ecclesiastical
bodies. Mr. Stanton by this unauthorized and
unconstitutional order has clothed Bishop Ames
with the power to take possession of all those
churches. The minister may be loyal, but if lie
happens to have been appointed by a disloyal
bishop he must be kicked out. They did deliver
a chape! in Memphis under that order to Bishop
Ames. I have the order here, and I will read it:
Headquarters Department of Memphis,
Dcccmbcr 23,1863.
Kev. Bishop Ames :
in obedience to the order* of the Secretary of War, dated
Wadungom, No\cnibei 3U, 18oJi, a copy of which is here
attached. I place at your disposal a t{hou^e of wort-hip"
known as u YVe-Iey Chapel," in the city of Memphis, State
oi Tennessee, the -an! hou-e being dawned as the propeity
of the MeflmdM Kpi-copal chuich rfouth, ami tin if being
no loyal num-tor, appointed by a loyal bushop, now offi-
ciating ni --aid house of woi-dnp.
X am, veiy io=-pecUuIly. yom obedient seivant,
JAMES C. VEATCTI,
Brigadier Genet al.
Mr. Stanton's order is being executed. 1 un-
derstand that thefeinistcr who was turned out of
that church is a most excellent man, a man who
preached Chnst and Him crucified, and never
babbled politics in his pulpit or elsewhere. He
was turned out by the order of Pontiff Stanton,
through his instrumentand nuncio, Bishop Ames.
I de.snc to cast no reflection upon Bishop Ames,
lam told he is a worthy man. lIisscnH< of jus-
tice must have been very much blunted when ho
undertook this ecclesiastical mission.
Wliiie this wasgomgon, on the very day Gen-
eral Veatch wrote the order to deliver Wesley
Chapel to Bishop Ames, what do we find? We
find a letter dated on that very day, December
23, 18G3, written by the President of the United
States, concerninga certain minister in St. Louis
—Mr. McPheeteis—in which the President said
lie know nothing about these things, and then goes
on to say:
a I'm I mustadd that the (Tnited States Governmentmust
not, a< by this Older, undertake to run the churches."
il We must not undertake to run the churches,"
says the Piesident; and he goes on to say that the
Government has nothing to do with them. The
President seems to be profoundly ignorant of
what his chief of the War Department is doing.
I do not know that I can properly solve the con-
tradictions gt owing out of the President's decla-
rations and the acts of his Secretary of War and
major geneial.
Belme I pass to that point, however, let me
state that General Butler has issued an order that
the churches in Portsmouth and Norfolk slnxil be
controlled by the provostmarshals, that they shall
appoint and displace ministers in the churches,
make assessments, &c., subject to the approval
of the commanding general. Yes, sir,Ben. But-
ler, the llaynau of America, he whose adminis-
tration in New Orleans brought disgrace on our
country, whose fliends in the House of Repre-
sentatives refused a few days ago to allow a ius-
oluUoii to pass asking for a committee to investi-
gate his conduct, is discharging the functions of
grand hierarch in those cities. The provost mar-
shal may present the minister to the church, but
it must be by the approval of General Butler.
While all this was going on, the President wrote
.he letter, an extract from which I have read.
He seems to be profoundly ignorant on the sub;
jecL He says the Governmentmust not run the
churches. I can only solve that by one of two
hypotheses. It may be that the President has
got it into his head that he will run the churches,
but is not exactly ready to say so, and is using
Stanton and Butler as a kind of feelers, as pilot-
fish, as some of the friends of General Fremont
and General Hunter think they were used in re-
gard to the emancipation proclamation. General
Fremont issued an emancipation proclamation,
General Hunter issued one, and General Phelps
issued another. The President revoked all those
proclamations, and presently he issued an eman-
cipation proclamation himself. The fi lends of
those parties sometimes say that the President
permitted those proclamations to sec which way
the popular cuirent wa? running, then levoked
ti*em; and when he found the whole radical patty,
the whole Republican party, pretty much con-
cuned in that policy, then he ventured upon it
himself. He may be using Stanton as a pilot-
fish in this matter, running him ahead; and if he
thinks the people will not revolt at it and it will
not be exceedingly obnoxious he may venture
upon this measure. "To save the life of the na-
tion he may find it necessary to unite Chuich and
State," In the mean time his letter concerning
Rev. Mr. McPheeters is thrown out as something
to fall back on m the event running the churches
should appear very unpopular. This may be the
proper solution of this matter. I do not, how-
evei, think it. is.
My opinion is that Stanton is doing this thing
upon his own authority against the wishes and
without the knowledge of the President. What,
then, is the duty of the President if that he the
case? If Mr. Stanton willfully and knowingly
acts contrary to the wibhes of the Piesident, or
issues orders of the gravest impouance, involv-
ing rights of the most delicate character, compell-
ing people not to worship at all, or to worship
under the ministry of a man whom they do not
want-—if Mr. Stanton does this without the ap-
pioval of the Executive, what ought the Execu-
tive to do? He ought to dismiss him from office,
and do it quickly and promptly. If he does not
do it the country will come to the conclusion that
he does not so much object to it after nil, notwith-
standing his assertion " that the Government
must not undertake to run the churches."
Sir, this is a most shocking usutpauon of the
military powei; <nid 1 think if 1 have the good for-
tune to get this bill through <*bout elections I
shall introduce anothei one punishing Secictaries
of War and officers of the Auny who attempt to
appoint mmisteis to churches.
Mr. President, what are wo to do when we see
such startling usurpations by the military author-
ity? Does not our duty imperiously drive us to
the point of passing the most rigid laws to prevent
a repetition of such outrages? If we maintain
our institutions and our liberties at nil, we must
maintain fiec press, free speech, and free suffrage,
and last, but not least, freedom of religion. You
see that they have all been etucken down by the
military power. We shall fall far short of our
duty unless we make every law that we think is
calculated to lestrain them. The people, if they
maintain this Govet nment, must do it, as I have
said, by maintaining free speech, free press, and
free suffrage. They must do another tin n^. They
must keep separate and distinct the vaiious de-
partments of this Government. They must not
allow one department to encioaeh upon anothei,
but each depat tmeiU must he kept within its own
sphere. When thevdo that, one is a cheek upon
the other. We must never allow thu"n to be con-
solidated.
We should not allow the executive to encroach
upon the judicial or the legislative department.
Neither should we allow the legislative or the ju-
dicial to encroach on each otheuor the eXecume
j department. Our f.uhi rs decreed tin se separate
I depew tm.enlh for wivj purposes; aii.l you v\ ill have
j no liberty unless they are kept independent of
i each other. In a word, you will have no liberty
except in the supremacy of the laws. Liberty
must be regulated by law. No man, because'he
may be clothed with executive, judicial, or legis-
lative power, should be allowed to trample the
laws under his feet. The higher the official the
more guilty the ciimirml if he violates the laws of
the land, because of his sworn duty to see them
faithfully administered or executed. {w6uld par-
ish a judge of the Supreme Court, or the President
of the United States, or a Senator in Congress
much more harshly for infracting a lavr-thatf*!
would an unlettered man in the country, because
they know their duty; they err knowingly, wit-
tingly, and maliciously. - '\M
Mr. President, I beg the pardon of the Senate
for trespassing upon their time so long. The only
excuse I have is in the importance of the subject.
1 know that so important a bill as this, taking
into consideration the circumstances by which we
are surrounded, has not been before this Congress.
I was met at the very outset with opposition. On
introducing the bill I hoped and believed that
every Senator would support it with alacrity and
pleasure; biu it met with opposition at the thresh-
old, and against my earnest protest it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, a
committee to which it certainly did not properly
belong. After keeping it for a long time, the com-
mittee have reported it back adversely, accompa-
nied ^y a report of fifty-two printed pages. 1 had
to review all the testimony and to examine that
report at length, and I could not get through with
the subject and do it justice in less time than I
have occupied. I hope, therefore, for the reason
I have assigned, that the Senate will excuse, me
for the gi eat length of time that i have trespassed
on their patience.
APPENDIX.
Proclamation by the Governor.
Commonwealth pF Kentucky,
Executive Department.
For the information and guidance of ail officers at the
appioaebirig election, I have caused to be herewith pub-
li-ln'd an act of the Legislntute of Kentuck\, entitled ♦'An
act to amend chapter fiitecn of the Revwd Statutes, en-
titled 'Citizens, Expatriation, and Aliens."'
The stnct observance ami enfoiecment of tin?, and all
othei laws of this State regulating elections, are enrrie.Mly
enjoined and icquired. as being alike due to a faithful dis-
charge of duty, to the purity of the elective franchise, and
to the sovereign will ot the people of Kentucky, expressed
through then Legislature.
Given under my hand a* Governor of Kentucky, at Frank-
foit, this LUtli day ol Julv, 1£63, and in the seventy-second
year ot the Commonwealth.
J. F. ROBINSON.
13y the Governor :
1). C. Wh RMfpE, Secretary of State.
An aet to amend chapter fifteen of the Revised Siatutes,
emnled '• Citizens, Expatuatiori, and Aliens."
Z'V ;/ ciK/r/cil hy (he Genet al emhly of the Common-
wealth of Ki'utiitl.y, That any ei zen ot thi< State who
shall entei into the seivice of the so-called confederate
Stales, in either a civil or military capacity, or into the
service of the ^o called piovi-ional government of Ken-
j tnekv, in eiihera civil or military capacity, or having herp-
toloie enteted Mich service of either the confederate States
oi piovisional government, s'iiall continue in such seivice
afiei this act takes effect, or shall take up or continue in
.it m-agani-t the inilitaiy force? of the United Slates or the
State of Kentucky, oi shall give voluntary aid and assist-
ance to tho-e in iuiii^ agam-t *aid loiees, -|i,,|| [„> ({( omed
to ha\ e expatriated hnuM'lf', and shall no lunger be a citi-
! zen of Iv-niueky. noi -.linn no again he a cilizen, except
1 by penuir-Mon (if the Legisiatine" hy a general or fpeeiaj
j .statute.
| >Sec. -2. That whenever a per«on attempt or is called oil
' to exercise au\ of the constitutional or legal tights and
! pi ivileget- belonging only to citizens of Kentucky , lie may
j he lerpi'ied to negative on oalh the exjiafnatioii provided
j in the lii-i-eeinm ol ihi^act; ami npon his failure oi re-
! lu-a! io do -o, vjiaii noi be peinnlted to exeici>e an\ such
' llidil oi pi i\ ilege.
I She :i. This act to he ol force in thirty da\s fioin and
J aftei iN j)a--nge.
j Pa -*ed and bcernue a law. the obp-t nons oi the Governor
| to ihe eonluu> notwithstanding, Maieli J I, Ibb^. ^
i The following m the affidavit which may be u^ed neg-
\ ative the e\p mi \t;->n pmvided in the taction of the
( above aei. upon rite f uluie ot refusal to take which no one
. can inn fot an offtieoi vote for a candidate. It lathe duty
! of it!! e!<'( tion others to requne it:
j You, A P>. do solemnly «-wear that «inee the. 11th day
I of Api'l. lKjJ. you have not entered into nor been m the
1 sei \ >ce ot the r o called confederate Htate:*. ror m the pcr-
ViC" of ihe piovi-ional government of Kentucky, m either
a esvil oi inilitaiy capaeitv ; and) on do imth'i solemnly
svvar that -nice the said lMi day of Apnl. 1662, you have
not  ikeii nji oj bei 11 m ai nis nganiM the iml.iary lorees of
the United States oi the imiitai \ forces ol the State ot Ken-
tucky ; and you dofuither solemnly swear that since the
paid lJtU day of Apnl, 1863. you have in no way, either
