652
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
February 15,
Whether the amendment which I proposed virus
from a committee. I suppose that was with a
*tew to a rule on that subject?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will inquire" from him
-Why he does not ask the same question of the
Senator who proposed art amendment just now?
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is an amendment to
tfn< amendment; The Senator from Michigan pro-
poses to amend the amendment offered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it not within the rule?
I't is within the spirit of it very clearly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply want to say to
ihy honorable friend from Indiana that I listened
with some, I ^as about to say, amusement to
his argument that the Assistant Secretary of the
Interior had these law questions to settle, because
when I was first applied to as I was by the late
Secretary of the Interior, Mr. Smith, now dead,
to let him have an Assistant Secretary, he put it
Upon the ground that his time was so employed,
in the investigation and decision of law questions
that he must have somebody to do the business
of the office, that all his time was taken up in set-
tling' law questions and appeals'. Now, itseems
Mr. Otto, the Assistant Secretary, is occupied in
settling law questions in that office, his time is so
taken up, and they are of so much importance
that he must be paid extra. I should like to ltnow
what there is left for the Secretary'of the Interior
to do. He gotridof the ordinary business of the
office before by the appointment of an Assistant
Secretary, because he had the law questions to
investigate and settle himself, and now it seems
the law questions are investigated by the assist-
ant. It seems, then, that the Secretary of the In-
terior holds only an honorary position and has
nothing to attend to there, because he has now
divested himself of tiie law that took up all his
thne before he had an assistant. \
Mr. President, I refused lo have any agency in
the appointment of an Assistant Secretary of ihe
Interior. I did not see any reason for it. Jiut
my friend from Iowa [Mr. IIarlan] came in from
the Committee on Public Lands and moved that
an Assistant Secretary of the Interior be allowed,
and gave, I suppose, the same reasons that had
been given to me by the then Secretary of the In-
terior; and he succeeded in persuading the Senate
that it was necessary to appoint this officer, and
Mr. Usher took the place knowing what the sal-
ary was, and performed the duties; and when he
was made Secretary of the Interior he appointed
Mr. Otto, anil he knew whatthe salary was when
he took it. Now 1 really hope that the Senate
will not go any further than it has gone. Sir, we
made a great mistake when we increased the sal-
ary of any of them in these times. It was an over-
sight, and if the thing was to be done over again
I should object to the whole of it, and would not
do it for the Assistant Secretary of the. Navy or
the Assistant Secretary of tho Treasury. The
first, m (act, passed without my knowing it or ob-
serving it. It was not in an appropriation bill; it
wus in a different law. I aftenvauis consented to
the raising of the salary of the Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury, and I am Sony I did that; but!
hope the Senate will go no further.
The PUKSI DING OFFICER. In the appre-
hension of the Chair the amendment of tho Sen-
ator from Michigan is not. in order. It proposes
to incienso an appropriation, and is not in order
unless it comes from some standing committee.
Tho question is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks.]
Mr. DALE. Tliei e. seems to be a pretty gen-
eral rogrot expressed, and especially by (heebnir-
man of tin* Committer* on Finance, that the Senate
ever departed from the standard of $3,000 for the
salary of any of the Assistant Secretaries. The
expression of sorrow implies repentance, but re-
pentance u worth nothing unless it is followed by
works, and I think the better way would be to
equalize them now. If it was wrong to pat any
ot them higher when it was done, it is wrong now.
J have no particular preferences or prejudices in
favor of the Ireasuiy Department or ih«; Navy
Department, but I think the AssistantSccretaiios
in those Departmrntsought to be content to stand
with the other Assistant Secretaries.
Mr. President, some men have seemed to think
from the commencement of this rebellion that the
great remedy was to increase salaries; that if you
hail a ma« who was rather inefficient in a position, j
instead of turning him out and putting in a more
efficient man, you should raise his salary and .in-
crease his rank. I fjiink we have tried that long
enough. I do not think the rebellion has been
at all checked by the increased salaries we have
paid, and it seems to be admitted that the step
we took in putting one or two of these Assistant
Secretaries higher than the rest has led to dis-
satisfaction and heart-burning and jealousy, and
constant movements to have this one put up as
high as that one, and so on. I think we had better
take the back track. I move, therefore, to amend
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana by
providing that hereafter the salaries of each and
all the Assistant Secretaries shall be $3,000 per
annum.
Mr. FESSENDEN". The effect of that will be
to leave two at $4,000 and the others at $3,000,
unless you repeal the laws allowing $4,000.
Mr. HALE. Oh,no; I will modify theamend-
ment by saying that after the close of the current
fiscal year the salaries of each and all the Assist-
ant Secretaries shall be £3,000 perannum.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator from Indi-
ana, when he was upon the floor a few minutes
ago, asked why the Assistant Secretary of the In-
terior should not receive the same salary as the
Assistant Secretary of the Navy. I can tell the
Senator why. The Interior Department has but
very little business to do on the Atlantic coast.
The business of that Department is confined
mainly to the western country—to lands, Indians,
pensions—and that is the reason why the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Interior cannot be paid as
much as Mr. Fox and Mr. George Harrington,
not because he has not as much work to do, not
because his business isnotof as much importance
to the country, but because the duties of that De-
partment do not lie on the sea-coast.
I hope the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire will prevail. Itis unjust,unfair, and
a discrimination that ought not to be tolerated
by this Government, to pay Mr. Fox $4,000,
when he holds the same rank precisely that Mr.
Otto does, who receives but $3,000. if you read
what Mr. Dickcrson says about the efficiency'of
Mr. Fox, and if people believe whatissaid about
the efficiency of that officer, he ought not to be
paid $1,500. It is alleged by very scientificmen
that all his actions tend to embarrass the opera-
tions of the Government very much, rather than
to aid and prosper them. I do not think so, be-
cause I do not know anything about it; but cer-
tain it is that so far as the material interests of this
country are concerned, the Interior Department
is one of the most important Departments of the
Government. It relates to those matters and to
those interests which uphold the Government in
the conduct of this war. It relates to the interests
of the great leiboringelementof the interior of this
country, the men who are carrying the burdens
of this war on their shoulders, and 1 am sorry that
any discrimination of this kind should be made
against it. I do notcare particularly aboutraising
the salary of Judge Otto, but I do think it is un-
just and unfair, and a discrimination that should
not l e permit d, that the Assistant Secretary of
the Navy or of the Treasury should receive $4,000,
while the Assistant Sueietary of the Interior re-
ceives but $3,000.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, obtained the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator to yield
to me for a moment, Mr. Piesident, with refer-
ence to the remark which has been made by the
honorable Senator from Minnesota I have simply
to say that so far as the Assistant Secretary of the
Navy is concerned, the hill originating that office
and fixing his salary at §4,000 was brought into
the Senate and advocated and earned through by
a western man.
Mr. WILKINSON. He has got « Navy on
the brain."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be the fact.
If tln-y have got anything on their brain out there
that is troublesome I wish they would get rid of
it. [Laughter.] But the fact is as I have stated.
Now in reference to laismg the salary of theAs-
.sisUmt Secretary of the Treasury, that propo-
sition came from tho House of Representatives
and was concurred in here. It was notoiiginated
here. I have said what my opinion was in ref-
erence to that mutter, and of course I do not wish
to repeat it; but I want to say to the Senator that
in my judgment the great West, the almighty
West, the all-pervading West, the without-which-
nothing-else-lives-in-the-world, the West, has
some interestin the Treasury of the United States,
I reckon, as well as the Atlantic coast.
Mr. WILKINSON. We do not get much out
of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What salary do we give
to the honorable gentleman who came from Indi-
ana and has $5,000a year,\he Comptroller of the
Currency—more than the Assistant Secretary
very considerably. I believe he was a distin-
guished citizen of the West.
Mr. WILKINSON. I submit that it was ne-
cessary to find the brains competent to manage
that department of the Government, and it was
necessary to go to the West to find them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will put it upon that
ground. I have already admitted that the West
furnished everything; that there was nothing with-
out it, brains or anything else, in its own estima-
tion. I think this is all idle talk, I am sorry to
hear such a remark from the honorable Senator
from Minnesota. I believe he is the only Sena-
tor in the whole number who ever in this Senate
makes an allusion of that kind, which issectionatf
and calculated to create ill feeling. There are
one or two members of the House of Represent-
atives who do the same thing. 1 have only to
say with regard to it that in my experience in
this world (because this is an imputation of mo-
tive, and of bad motive,) those gentlemen who are
so anxious to impute bad motives and sectional
motives to others in matters of legislation must
draw from consciousness, and from nothing else.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, perhaps
I have a little greater reason for making a re-
mark of this kind than most Senators here. The
other day I had a little proposition that I offered
to pay the Minnesota soldiers and one or two
other regiments of soldiers who happened to be
mustered in before the time for being mustered in,
and who by a technical decision had been excluded
from the bounty which was extended by a subse-
quent act of Congress to soldiers who served two
years in the Army. They had been through
twenty-five fights; they had served in all the great
pitched battles that have taken place in the army
of the Potomac. Fifteen hundred of them had
been sent from Minnesota to the Potomac, and
they came back here the other day, three hundred
of them, on their way home. A technical decision
had been made in the War Depatiment, which
the Paymaster General construed as depriving
these men of the right to the benefit of the law
which was passed giving a bounty of $100 to men
who served for two years in the Army.
The Senator from Maine, the guardian of the
Treasury, rose in his seatand opposed that propo-
sition. He moved to refer it to the Committee on
the Judiciary. 1 felt some sympathy for our sol-
diers. I felt I suppose about the same sympathy
for our men who had fought and been maimed
and wounded that the honorable Senator, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance feels for
a Maine soldier. I felt that it was bad treatment;
Mr. President, I felt that it Was unkind treat-
ment; and being a radical, being rather impulsive
in my nature, seeingopposition so unjust, coming
from a quarter so high, from the distinguished
chanman of the Committee on Finance, I could
hardly restrain my impulsive western nature
from throwing out some icmarks that the Senator
has now rebuked me for to-day.
Well, sir, I suppose ir was wrong; I think I
was very wrong in saying it; and I would not give
a snap for a man who does not do something
wrong sometimes. I do not know that the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Finance
ever is betrayed into an indiscretion on this floor.
I have heard Senators around me say so some-
times, but perhaps it would be ungenerous for me
to say so, being a western man. I do not know
that a western man has any right to have any
opinions which the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Finance is bound to respect.
Some of the people from the eastern country,
are very sensitive about anything that is said in
favor of the West; they are remarkably sensitive
whenever anything is ever uttered here in favor of
the West. Sir, they ought to be a little more
generous. They ought to know that the West is
young, that New England is old. They ought
to know that the West is made up from New Eng-
land and from the eastern country generally; and
