TO
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March A,
38th Com... 1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Poivell.
Senate.
directly or indirectly, given any voluntary aid or assistance
to any peison or persons who wcie in aims aguinstthe mil-
itary foices of the State of Kentucky. So help you God.*'
[General Orders, No. 120.]
Headquarters Department of the Ohio,
Cincinnati, Ohio, July 31, 1863.
Whereas the State of Ivcntucky is invaded by a rebel
force, with the avowed intention of overawing the judges
of elections, ot intimidating tlie loyal voter*. Keeping them
from the polls, and forcing the election of disloyal candi-
dates at the election on the 3d of August; and whereas
the military power of the Government is the only force that
can defeat this attempt, the State of Kentucky is hereby
declared under martial law, and all military officeis aie
commanded to aid the constituted authorities of the State
in the support of the laws and of the puiity of suffrage, as
defined in the late proclamation of his Excellency Governor
Robinson. As it is not the intention of the commanding gen-
eral to interfere with the proper expression of public opinion,
all discretion in the conduct of the election will be, lis usual,
in the hand* of the legally appointed judges at the polls,
who wiil be held strictly responsible th«it no disloyal person
will be allowed to vote, and to this end thcmilitary power
is ordcied to give them its utmost support. The civil au-
thority, civil courts, and business will not be suspended by
this order. It is for the purpose only of protecting, if ne-
cessary, the rights of loyal citizens, and the freedom of
election.
By command of Major Geneial HuuWde.
LEWIS RICHMOND, A. A. G.
General Haitsujf and Rebel Sympathizera.
[General Outers, No. 14.]
No. 4.J Headquarters Twenty-Third Army Corps,
Lexington, Kentucky, Ju/yZ4, 1863.
For the information and guidance of officer.-- in impress-
ing pioperty, it is heioby directed that, whenever us im-
pressment may become necessary ioi the troops of the
twenty thudAimy coip-<, it will be taken exclusively fioin
rebels and rebel sympathizers; and so long as the propeity
needed is to be found belonging or peitanung to either of
the above-named elates, no man of undoubted loyalty will
bo molested.
Among iebcl sympathizing will be classed those persons
in Kentucky, nominally Union men, but opposed to tho
Government and to the piosecutlon of the war, wIiom- a<;ts
and words alike hinder the speedy and piopei terimnaiion
of the icbelhon.
x'lopetiv will only bo taken by the pioper .stall' oilieeis,
w lio will m every ea-c give receipt^ lot it Appiopiiatc
blank iceeipts will'he 1'uinished by the chief connuissaiy
and ehiel qiuuteiiiiuster at these headquaiteis.
By command of Major General Uaitsulf:
GEOUGE B. DRAKE, A. A. G.
No. 7.] Headquarters District of Kentucky,
Louisvillr, July 18G3.
By authority ol ihe general commandingthedepartment,
the following gent lal order is made:
1. It Is oidcied thai no forage or other propeity belong-
ing to loyal citizens in the State of Kentucky be seized or
itnpre-M'il except in eases of absolute necessity, and then
Only on the wuttcn authoritv Iromthe headquarters of the
twenU-thhd Ainiy corps oi fiom these hcadquai teis.
2. Whcm vet it becomes necessary lo seize oi imptess
pnvate propeitv foi military purposes, the pioperty o| sym-
pathiser* with the lehclhon and of those opposed to tin -
niching any mote men oi any more money to maintain the
Fedeial Govwrmneutund supptessihe tebolliou will be first
seized and uupiessed.
3. The negroes of loyal citizens will not be impies^ed on
the public woiks and militaty toads unless absolutely ne
ces.sury. Tlie negroes of citizens who are for na mote men
and no more money to suppiess the lebellion, and the ■-aip-
portei*?, ruder-, and abettoi^oi'such, will be fir-.t impressed,
and officeis detailed Mi the pmpo^e ate reqtmed stnetlj to
observe this order in the execution of their dmies.
4. All hordes ot the enemy captuied or subject to eaptuie
will be taken possession of by tjuarteiniasters ami repotted
to Captain Jenkins, ciifcf qnni tcimaster, Louisville, who
Is ordered to allow loj ;il citizens to ieum hor<es to supply
the places of those stolen by the enemy; but disloyal pei-
pons mentioned in paiagiaphs two and thine, who oneotn-
age iaid< by thu enemy, will not in any ease be allowed to
retain capturcd hordes oi hoiscs justly subject lo eaptuie.
5. For all piopeity seized or impressed proper and tcyu
lar vouchers will be given, with inducement as to the
loyalty ot disloyalty ol the owners of the propeity.
By order of Brigadier General Bo)lc:
A. C. S EM BEE, A A. G\
[General Oideis, No. '23.J
ilkadquartuks flrst brigade,
Second Division, Twc^ty-Third Army Corps,
Russcllvillk, Kentucky, July 30, 1803.
In order that the pioelamatiou of the Governoi atid the
Jaws of the State ol Kentucky may be obseived and en-
forced, po?t command,ints and officers of this, command will
see that the following regulations are sttictlv complied with
at the approaching Statu election:
None but loyal citizens will acta-,officeis ot the election.
No one will be allowed to offer himself <is a candidate, tor
office, or be voted Ioi at said election, who is not in all
things 10}al to the State and Federal Government, and m
favor of a vigorous pioapcmlou of the war for the suppies-
sio'i of the rebellion.
The judges of election will allow no one to vote at said
election unless he is known to them to be an undoubtedly
loyal citizen, ot unles.s he shall fiist take the oath required
by t'le laws of the State of Kentucky.
No disloyal man will offer himself'is a candidal'1, or at-
tempt to \ ote, except fur Unatonable purposes, and all such
efforts will be summarily suppressed by the militaiyau-
ihoiities.
All m-cessaiv protection will be supplied t.nd guaiantied
at the polls to Union men by all the military foiee within
tins command.
By order of Brigadier Geneial J. M. Shackleford, com-
manding ;
.i. c. riUFniAN,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Oath to be taken at the Election.
I do solemnly swear that F have not been in the service
of the so-called confederate States in either a civil or mili-
tary capacity, or m the service of the so-called provisional
government of Kentucky; that I have not given any aid,
assistance, or eomtort to any person in arms against the
United States; and that I have in all things demeaned my-
self as a loyal citizen since the beginning of the pre&ent
rebellion; so help me God.
Colonel John W. Foster, of the sixty-fifth In-
diana regiment, commanding postal Henderson,
Kentucky, issued an order similar to the above
older of Geneial Siiackletbrd.
[Gcncial Older.]
Hindquarters United States Forces,
Southland, Kentucky, July 16, 1863.
The county eou i tjudue.s oft he eounues ofTugg, Caldwell,
Ljon, Cii(tendon, ami Livmuston, ate hereby dnectcd, m
appointing judges and cleiks toi conducting the State elec-
tions in August next, to observe .-luctly the laws of Ken-
tucky, which icquiie that such judges and clctks shall be
unconditional Union men.
Judges and elei so appointed at e hereby directed not to
place the name oi anj poison on the poll-hooks to be1 voted
lot at said election who if not a Union man, or who may
be opposed Lo furnishm* mtn and money for a vigorous pros-
ccuhon of the icar again? t tin* icbelhon against the United
States Govoi nun nt. The judges and clerks aie further di-
iccted tt) pciinit no person to vote at said election without
taking the oath lvquucd by the laws of Kentucky, unless
said peison so pioentnig himself to vote is pcisoually
known to tiie judges to be a Union man.
Any poison violating tins order will be regaided as an
enemy to the Government of the United States, and will
be an est ed and punished accoidin^h.
By oiilci of THOMAS JOHNSON,
Lieutenant Colonel Commanding.
The oath prescribed by Lieutenant Colonel
Johnson, to be taken by voters, iw in substance
.similar to the oath attached Lo the proclamation
of Ueneutl yhaeklefoid.
[Special Oideis, No, 1.39.J
Headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps,
Mi'.Mi'ms, 'I'eN«r,s&E.F, JuJi/, 18G3.
1. [u -o much of the State of Kentucky as Is within tho
dhtnct ofUolumbus, it is otdeied—
1. That no peison bo pei mi tied to be a candidate for office
who is not avowedly and unconditionally lor the (Jmon
and the suppression ot the icbelhon.
2. That no peison shall eveiemc the privilege of an eleet-
oi aii^ vote at satd elections who is not avowedly and un-
conditionally for the Union and the suppression of tho ic-
belhon.
3. The militaty authoiities in said distucf of Columbus
will see to it thai this otdci be earned out. Judges of elec-
tion will be governed by the pi ineiples herein set forth, and
will demand evidence upon oaths in such cases as may be
in doubt, and allow no person to exercise the franchise of
voting who doe;, not take the oath tequircd.
By orders of Ma)oi Genetal S. A. Ihttlbut:
IIBNRY DiNMORE,
AutiUuiU Adjutant General.
[Onlm.]
IIeadquaktkus District ok Columbus,
Sxaiii Division, Siytfenth Army Coat's,
Columbus, Ki-.\ choky, July 15, 1863.
The above oidets ot the general commanding coip^ are
communicateil to the civil andnnhtaiy authoiities lot their
mloruiation. ftfilitan olliceis making aricsts foi violation
of these oulei.s will be govctue<l by tho menlai fiom ofhee
of Commissaiy Geneial ot Biisou, dated Washington, May
11, m.L
By oidci ot Bngudicr Cencral Ashoth :
T. II. HARRIS,
Amstant .■Idjutant Geneial.
[Geneial Oiders, No. 47.J
Diotrict or Columbus,
JIc vdquarteks Sixth i>ivisioN,
Si\TKFNTit Army Cori's,
Columbus, Ky., July'Id, 180.1.
That no further doubt may exist as to the intent and
meaning of Special Older* No. 159. dated ileadquartcis
Sixteenth Aitny Coips, July 14, 1863, it is ordered that no
person shall be pemntted to be voted toi,oi be a candidate
lor odice, who has boon or is now under airest or bonds,
by pioper authority, foi uttsring disloyal language or senti-
ments.
Oountyjudges within thH distuet arc heiebv oideicd to
appoint, as judges and clerks of the ensuing August elec-
tion, onlv such peisons as aie avowedly and unconditionally
for the Union and the suppie.-sion oi the lebellion, and ate
fuithei oidoied to revoke and recall any appointment of
nidges and cleiks already nude who are not such loyal
! persons.
jl Judges and cletk^ of elections aie hereby ordeied not to
ij place tiie name of any person upon the poll-books, to be
■! '"'Died f u ->r i 1: • liaii, \vh i is not avow eili\ and uitcou-
i, dition.illy ioi th,  Cnionaml the ?u}'pK?sicu oi the lebellion,
or who may be opposed to furnishing men and money for
the suppression ol the rebellion.
The t olio wing oath is pi cscnbed and will be admin istcied
by judges of elections to voters and to such candidates as
reside within this distuct:
" I do solemnly swear that I have uover entered theser-
vice of the ^o-eailed contedeiate States; that I have not
been encaged in the service ot the so-called 'provisional
government of Kentucky,' cither in a civil oi military ca-
pacity *, that7 have never, either dneetly or mduectly, aided
the rebellion againsl the Government ol the United States
oi the State of Kentucky; that I am unconditionally for
the Union and the suppression of the rebellion, and am
willing tofurnisli men and money for the vigorous prose-
cution of the war against the lebelhoui league known as
the i confederate States;' so help me God."
Any votei, judge, or clcrk ol elections, or othei peison,
who may evade, neglect, or icfuse compliance with the pro-
visions of this order will be anested and sent befote a mili-
tary commission as soon as the (acts aie substantiated.
By order of Btieadier General Asboth :
T. H. HARRIS,
Assistant Adjutant General.
On this order of General Asboth is the follow*
ing indorsement:
I had the within order enfoieed m the counties of Me-
Ciacken, Giaves, Callaway, and Matshall.
J. S MARTIN,
Colonel Commanding Post of Paducah,
No. 11.] Deatsvxlle, Nelson County, Kfntucky,
vlugust 3, 1863.
T, Moses I). Lepson, captain commanding company B,
fifth Indiana cavalry, heiebv ceitily that under the oideis
and distinctions oi Lieutenant ColonolU'liomas II. Butler,
commanding filth Indiana cavaliy, I otdeied the polls to be
opened by theicgulaily appotnted judges sheriff, and cieik,
namely, W. R. Ltveis, 'J'. C. Wanen, Thomas (Jowu, ami
K. E. flariell, aud peinntted no other caudidafes' n.une< to
appear on the pull-hooks but the tollmvmg: lor Governor,
Thomas E. Bramlette ; for Lieutenant Govei nor, E. T. Ja-
cob; tor attorney geneial, John ,M. Harlan; ioi State treas-
uiei, JamesGairaid ; for auditoi, \V. T. Samuel.'; for regis-
tet of land office, James A. Davidson ; for supei mtendent
of public instruction, Stevenson ; lot Congie^-?, A.non
Harding; lor the Ijcgislatuic, Di. \V. Elltort; foi county
attorney, G. \V. flue; toi county cieik, W. T. Spalding
aud William I\I. Powell.
MOSES D. LEESON,
Captain Com\* Company 2L Fifth Indiana Cavalry.
No. Ij.j
We, the undeisigned. do hereby certify, us officeis of
piecinct No. '2, at Clovoipot t, Kentucky, that, after opening
the polls, Captain Hernbioolc, by authouty fiotn General
Shaekleford, oideicd us to strike off the entire Wickhffe
licket, and also Milton Board's name, fiom the poll book,
which was accoulinglv done in obf-dn-nco to s.ud oidcr.
WILLIAM B. J ONKS, ) 7 ,
VVILL1AAI H. AIjIjEiV. \
Altcsl: J. (^. Iliisr, Cierky dk
J. K Allen, Sheriff.
Forks ok Roi'on, August 3, 18C3.
X do cettlfy that at Rough Cieek Spring preemct, distuct
No. 4, there was a poll opened for C. A. WiekhfFe and
others fotiuing a Demociatic ticket, and for State odious ;
that I suppressed the same by ordet oi Gcnetai Shackie-
foid, between seven and eight o'clock a. m.
WiLLfAM BROWN,
Sejgeant in Command.
[General Oideis, No 53.]
Headquarters Middlm Department,
illoutii Au.myCori S,
Baltimore, a^Iaryland, Octubei ^7. laG3.
It is known that theicarc many evti-disposyd petson-j,
now at laigc in the Stale ofMai>land, who have been en-
gaged in rebellion against the lawtui Covotrmn nt, or have
given aid and comfort oi encouragement to o)h(;t-> so en-
gaged, oi who do not recognize then allegiance to the Uni-
ted States,ami who may avail theniseh Cs of the nululijcnee
ot the authority which (olenite* their pi^^ence to emliai-
rass the approaching election, oi, tinough it, to foisr, cue
nnes of the United States into power. It is theicfore or-
dered,
1. That all provost marshals anil oilier military officeis
do art est all such peisoits found at, or hanging about, oi ap-
piodchmg any poll oi place of election on the dth ot No-
vember, 1 Sti.'i, and repoitsuch 'uiebtto these headquaiteis.
2. 1 hat all provo&i marshals and other nnluar\ oflieeis
commanding m Mat.yiand siiail st!|tport the ittdi'e". of ejec-
tion on the 4th of November, 1803, in returning an o.ith
ol alle^iatice to the United States, the test of eiuzondiip
of any one whose vote maj be challenged on the giouud
that he is not lojal, oi does not admit his allegiance to the
Cmted State-,, winch oatli shall bo in the following form
. arid teim-?:
! _ 'k I do 'solemnly swear that I will support, pi otcct, and de-
j lend the Constitution and Gov eminent of the United States
j against all enemies, wheihei clnnn^ttc or foreign; that I
I hereby pledge my allegiance, faith, and loyalty to the same,
| any ordinance, resolution, or law ol any State convention
j or State Legislatuie to the contraiv notwithstanding; that
i I will at all time? yield a Iwai tv and willing obedience to
j the said Constitution and Government, and will not, either
, ditealy or indirectly, do any act m hostility to the same,
either by taking up arms agam-t them, or aiding, abetting,
or countenancing thote m aims against them ; th it, with-
out permission tiom the lawful authority, i will have no
; connndni'Mtion, direct or indirect, \\ uh the States in Insur-
j lection a«nmst the United States, oi with either of them,
i or with any person or persons within &aid meuirectiouary
