MU
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juno 2,
tMnot'afford to da it in tho north, east, and mid-
dle States. It follows that the wool-grower must
rely upon the American market solely for thaeale
of his wool,and the manufacturer must pay more
foritthan for foreign wools. The adjustment must
made.- unselfishly, for if too hard terms are im-
,£Osed upon the manufacturer by the wool-grower
both fa.il together, and it were better at once to
'cut the sheeps* throats.
The next question to settle is how much, if any,
duty should be levied on the lowest cost wool.
-The value of wool imported in
1841 was o "!.•>.
1840
0G.5
.09.
.n.
.12.8
1850. 
rsss..   —      
1857 ; 
And in 1863 the major part of it was from six-
teen to seventeen cents per pound. Prom this it
would seem that coarse wools might be obtained
at twelve cents or under, and 1 am informed that
even last year when the United States proved so
large a purchaser they were bought at eleven cents
or under. I do not think they are likely to rise,
for if all the American wools are purchased, there
must be less com petition abroad. Three cents per
pound duty on these wools has been proposed, and
the duties on coarse carpets and blankets have
been increased correspondingly. Ifthoy have not,
so far as I am concerned I am willing liiey shall
be. On wools above twelvcand notover twenty-
four cents, six cents per pound is proposed. This
will include most of the wools now brought from
abroad, and if reckoned as an ad valorem upon
sixteen cents per pound, would be very higli.
It is said that it requires four pounds of tins wool
to make a pound of cloth,or neaily twice as much
as it docs of washed American wools. If that bo
so, then the duty ia equal to twelve cents per
.pound in specie on American wools, or, in rur-
.rency, about twenty cents per pound.. And with
'tvvo pounds of American wool or four pounds of
..foreign wool for a pound of cloth it would in-
dicates a specific on cloth of twenty-four cents
per pound. To eover this it becomes necessary
to place higher duties on woolens, mid twenty
'•ents per pound is proposed, with thiity-five per
lent, nd ratorrm for revenue purposes, and to cover
■ niernul taxation on A merican manufactures when
sold. This is payable in specie. Twenty-four
cents per pound is not proposed for the reason
that it is not supposed all foreign wools will shrink
so much as to require more than three and a quar-
ter to thrco and a halfpoundsforupound ofcloth,
i may be mistaken, and if so, then the duty per
pound should be twenty-four cents, or the duty
on wool should be leduccd one cent per pound.
It must be tetnenibered that we tax American
manufacturers five per cent, on their sales. If
prices advance the Government get so much the
more. For instance, a carpet that sold for f I 50
per yard in 1801 now sella for $2 50,and of course
pays a tax of twelve and a half cents per yard.
Besides-this, the duty now proposed on wool and
thattscistingon the linen yarn for the backs of cur-
pets is at least twenty cents more, while carpels
have advanced abroad but very tittle. American
manufacturers labor under another disadvantage.
While they use the same machines, the same dyes,
end work with equal skill, some purchasers give an
insane preference for foreign goods to the extent
, often of ten -or fifteen percent. In 1862 there wem
imported 559,928 yards of carpeting, and probably
more in I8G3. Such importations are not likely
to cease. As fine or high-priced woolen goods
are generally light, it is proposed to add five per
cent, more upon goods weighing less than ten
ounces to the square yard and upon those cost-
ing over two dollars per square yard. This is
needed for protection, and it is also needed in
order that we may tax fine goods more than we
do coarse. The protection now afforded to wool
will increase its price, but it may be only for a
short time. The main purpose is revenue, but
its result will be protection. Protection was
never defended -on any other ground than that in
*he end the consumer obtained his supplies more
< heaply. The inevitable effect must be to stiniu-
iafe production, and as wool can be grown in
rvery State of the Union, it wdl be increased
most where it can be raised cheapest, it may lie
raised in western States (and especially in Cali-
fornia, where tho sheep breed twice a year) for
one half what it cosls in Vermont, New York,
or Ohio; and such States as the latter will in the
end abandon the business, or ciing to it only as
Virginia clings to slavery, in order to supply
stock for richer soils. If these rates continue but
a few years the production of wool ought to ex-
ceed the consumption of the country, and then it
will again come into competition with the wools
from abroad.
I know sound policy dictates that for proper
encouragement of manufacturers all raw materials
should be free, and where nations manufacture
for exportation no other policy can be maintained.
This accounts for the course of France and Eng-
land upon this subject. They export largely, we
do not. Many excellent legislators and even
wool-growers (as the late consul Jarvis of Ver-
mont) have argued that the only way to protect
wool was by encouraging American manufac-
turers. But until we reach the pointofsupply for
our own country, I do not see why encourage-
ment may not be given to the wool-grower as well
as the manufacturer.
The tariff of 18G1 upon cotton goods was based
upon the idea, then true, that fine, light goods cost
more than coaise and heavy. But now the high
price of cotton makes coarse and heavy good soften
the dearest. Then a duty of one cent was placed
upon ordinary cotton-sheetings though none could
be imported, and Ihey were worth from eight to
ten cents per yard. Now they sell at forty-fi^e
cents per yard and we place a tax upon them of
five per cent, ad valorem, or two cents and two
mills per yard, and it must be noted the raw cot-
ton is also taxed two cents per pound, which
makes nearly one cent more per yaid. Self-prcs-
eivation, therefore, requires very much higher
rates in the tariff on all cotton goods.
We imported last year forty-nine million yards
of worsted or stuff goods upon which only a small
amount of revenue was derived. In order to se-
cure a more liberal and certain amount on such of
these as are dress goods, which most of them are,
a small square-yard duty has been proposed in
addition to an ad valorem.
Drugs and preparations composed in part of
alcohol, as far as the Committee of Ways and
Means have been able to obtain accurate inform-
ation, have been raised to meetthe increased cost
of alcohol. If Congress were to allowexpcrts to
be summoned here to give sworn testimony on
subjects like this and many other subjects re-
quiring special knowledge, according to the prac-
tice of the British Parliament, not leaving it ail to
self-constituted experts, who come at their own
expense, it would be a great improvement upon
the present laboiious and not entirely satisfac-
tory mode by which information percolates
through committees to this House upon such sub-
jects as tbe tariff.
In adjusting the tariff upon iron the principle
has been to give nil increase upon the tariff of
J8G1 equal to the internal duties. In some special
descriptions the figures go slightly beyond this
point, as in the case of thin hoop and band iron,
and also in the very small or very large sizes of
iron, because, in the first place, the revenue will
not be diminished, and in the second place it more
justly applies a duty according to the value or
labor represented. The duty on locomotive tire
and cablra is also advanced for the reason that it
requires the highest quality of metal for such ar-
ticles, and the quantity produced here of either is
limited. The difficulty of obtaining workmen,
even with advanced wages, and time reduced, has
largely increased the cost of iron, but this pre-
vents any great addition to the home competition
from' the opening of new mines, furnaces, or
forges, or from increasing the force at presentem-
ployi d in the old, even though it is conceded the
business has been unprecedentedly prosperous.
AVith the enormous demand of the Government
for iron, and with some protection against the in-
flux of unlimited importations, the trade could
not be otherwise than prosperous. We shall not
now import as much iron under the present bill,
but we shall, I think, get a little more revenue.
With all the facilities for its manufacture it is
strange that until recently we never made much
headway in the manufacture of steel. Since the
tariff of 18(51, when for the first time it obtained
a Utile more than one half of the duties levied on
iron, its progress has been satisfactory, and the
American product has at least been doubled. It
may be anticipated that at no remote period such
skill will be.developed as will supply at least oi 
own market and perhaps something over with
steel unsurpassed in quality or cheapness. It
will be seen that the new duty on this article, be-
ing made from iron already once taxed, should
be made to cover the new internal duties both on
iron and steel. This has been proposed and not
ungrudgingly, though the whole duty is less than
upon most other manufactured articles, but prop-
erly so, as it is in some sense a raw material or
used extensively in the manufacture of many
other articles.
The committee have not recommended any
change in the duties on salt for the reason that
present cost and prices have been very largely in-
creased the past year, and'they have felt unwill-
ing to advance the tax further upon an article of
such prime necessity. The duties upon the for-
eign article, in bulk, are eighteen cents per hun-
dred pounds, or twenty-four cents in bags. This
is a very large per cent, on the foreign cost, as it
is purchased by the ton at a price not exceeding
what we sometimes pay here for a barrel. But
American made salt is much the purest.
The importers protest against any further ad-
vance,and say that American salt is now driving
all other salt out of the market. In 3857 we im-
ported 17,165,704 bushels, and there has been no
other year when we have imported so much. The
imports forthe year 1863 were 10,700,189 bushels.
The salt boilers in some parts of the country
represent, and I think truly, that their coal now
costs six cents per bushel instead of three, that
labor costs §1 50 per day instead of §1, that bar-
rels cost forty cents instead of twenty cents, and
that their profits, always moderate, are now, af-
ter being taxed, So reduced that they must close
up their establishments unless the tariff is slightly
increased. For such an article we really ought
not to be dependent on'foreign nations, especially
should a foreign war ever arise. The annual
production of the country in 1860 was 12,100,253
bushels, and may be now about as follows:
Bushels,
New York  8 000,000
Michigan, Illinois, and other western ytates.... I..V)0 00.)
Pennsylvania  l.GOO.OvO
Ohio     £0()u,000
12.500,000
This leaves out Virginia, where two million
bushels were formerly made annually. Tina may
be a liberal estimate for all but New Yoik; but
the amount will not vary much from this. On the
whole, as we have increased the internal duty on
salt to Bix cents per hundred pounds, though
the duty placed upon foreign salt was raised that
amount last year, the present status might not be
much changed if the House should conclude to
add to the duties on foreign importations two cents
per one hundred pounds.
The duties proposed on silks are largely in-
creased. Notwithstanding we manufacture sev-
eral millions of these goods, (sewing silks, lib-
bons, and trimmings,) we imported thirteen mil-
lions last yeuc; and it will be conceded thatrthosc
who now consume silks and velvets can readily
afford to pay the increased duties.
There is nothing else in the bill which may not
be explained in the five minutes'debate. I estimate
that the present bill will increase the revenue not
less than fifteen millions, and possibly more.
The Committee of Ways and Means, in pro-
posing the present bill, have not seen fit to recom-
mend extravagant or prohibitory duties, for the
most cogent reasons. The Government seeks
revenue, and such duties would defeat that ob-
ject. With the hom<3 taxation, now unavoidable,
we are forced to levy far higher duties than usual
in order that the industry of the country may not
languish, and that we may largely and properly
stimulate the productive energies of the nation to
create that wealth of which we daily use and de-
stroy so much. But to go beyond this point for
the mere benefit of those with large stocks on
hand, or to create higher prices where prices aic
already high enough, would be attended with great
danger, as we should advance prices upon thtfeon-
sumerso much as to create discontentamon>- the
people, and with no benefit to the Treasury. Ab-
solute prohibition would be better than a policy
which continued a tariff upon foreign importa-
tions, butatso high apointasto relieve manufac-
tures from all check and all competition. When
