1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the old men of Now England and the honorable
chairman of the Finance Committee ought to
have a little more charity for the young", vigorous,
impulsive, and imprudent people of the West, for
they are very imprudent. I will say to the hon-
orable Senator from Maine, however, that they
will fightfor their country; and they fight, not as
you do on the Potomac, going for ward one day and
back the next, but they fight to win. Thpy have
tone into this war with a determination to put
own the rebellion; and the wester® people have
won more territory than is contained within the
dominions of Austria and Prance combined.
Now, I ask the honorable Senator if we have
not a right to be a little impudent? I ask him if
we have not a right to assert here our position
upon this floor and boast a little in regard to the
influence and the rights, if need be, of the people
of the West? What have we done, sir? What
have these people of the West done since this
war commenced ? They have won and redeemed
for this country the whole State of Missouri;
they have redeemed the whole State of Arkansas;
they have redeemed the whole of Tennessee a'nd
all of Mississippi. What has the eastern army
redeemed ? What has this great army recovered
for the country and for the Union? It has marched
down to the Rapidan and it lias marched back
again, and it has been swinging like the pendulum
of a clock, one day going forward twenty miles,
and the next day going back thirty miles.
[Laughter.]
This, sir, is my excuse for saying things that
I ought not to say; and let me tell the honorable
chairman of the Finance Committee, in conclu-
sion, that I will take it all back. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator's taking it
back will not do. I have something to say on
that subject. In the first place, when he says that
I opposed his bill, he states what is not the fact.
I did not oppose it. When he endeavors to put
the imputation on me of being opposed to paying
the soldiers what is due to them, it is an imputa-
tion he has no right to make, for it is not true.
What are the facts ? The Senator came into
this body with a bill for paying soldiers—a sub-
ject of which we knew nothing, and of which we
could tell nothing. He asked us to take that bill
on his statement, and without referring it to a
committee, to pass it, to pay money out of the
Treasury—a thing that never has been done in
such a case—and a bill indefinite in its amount;
for nobody could tell how far it would extend from
the terms in which it was drawn.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator will allow
me to say that he did not object to the facts, but
he said it involved a legal question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator should hear
me. Of course I did not object to the facts. Was
I to say that what the Senator had stated was not
true? I did not know whether it was so or not.
It might be or might not be. No doubt the Sen-
ator believed it to be so.
Mr. WILKINSON. Why, then, did he not
move to refer it to the Military Committee, where
it belonged?
Mr. FESSENDEN. What difference does it
make what committee it went to? The Senator
in the course of his remarks stated that there was
some legal question about it; that a legal question
had been made. He asked that it be passed here
on the ground that there was a technical legM
question, and that we should take his bill on his
say-so, on his statement of facts, taking money
out of the Treasury to an indefinite amount, and
pass it through the Senate without any investiga-
tion at all. That was the claim he made. I ob-
jected, as it was my duty to object. Sir, the place
which I hold in the Senate compels me to run
counter, perhaps, to the wishes of gentlemen. I
cannot help it. I must do my duty in reference
to these matters. If I see a step about to be
taken which is contrary -to our ordinary practice
and fraught with danger, it is my duty to resist
it, whether it is in favor of soldiers or sailors or
anybody else. No such thing was ever heard of
as a bill being brought in here to pay regiments,
and on the statement of a single Senator, without
investigation of the facts to know whether he
was mistaken or otherwise, to pass it directly
through the body, and make it the law so far as
the Senate are concerned. That was what I ob-
jected to. I do not know who it was about me
that suggested in a quiet way that there was a le-
gal question involved, and I moved that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. I did
it at the time as a sort of joke. I supposed the
Senator would object of course and say it should
go to the Committee on Military Affairs. My
object wa3 to send it to a committee; but, as I
said before, I have great confidence in the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and if there was a legal
question I was willing that they should investi-
gate it. I did not care where it went so that it
went to a committee to be investigated. I have
no choice in reference to that potter. Tiierewa,s
nothing in that. Does the Senator deem it unsafe
in the hands of the Judiciary Committee? Will
it not be investigated there' Are they not com-
petent to investigate it? Does the Senator mean
to insinuate that the bill is killed by being sent to
his friends to investigate it?
Mr. WILKINSON. Docs the Sena^oj: wwt
an answer?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr.WILKINSON. ThatfirstMinnesota regi-
ment was known to everybody on this floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir, I Jcnew nothing
about it, except that there was such a Minnesota
regiment. I knew there was such a regiment,
but I knew nothing as to the question whether it
had been paid or not.
Mr. WILKINSON. The bill did not propose
any such thing if they had been paid. It merely
gave them the same rights as other regiments, and
the honorable Senator knows very well that that
regiment had been in all these battles if he read
the newspapers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where had that Minne-
sota regiment been serving?
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator does not
know that that regiment has been in this army of
^Mr?'FESSENDEN. What, and swinging
backward and forward, twenty miles one way
one day and thirty miles another the next day?
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A western regiment! is
it possible? [Laughter.] And yet the Senator
says we must pass their bills without inquiry,
whether they deserve the money or not. The
Senator has forgotten himself. I cannot behove
that it was for the first Minnesota regiment such
a feeling appeal was made, and in regard to which
we must not even investigate the facts. It had
been in this very army of the Potomac, swinging
back and forth and doing nothing; and that is the
Senator's statement about his own regiment! He
tells us that this army of the Potomac has done
nothing; that western men fight and win battles;
that eastern men, and men in the army of the Po-
tomac, march twenty miles one day in one direc-
tion and march back thirty miles the next, and
that is all they do. Why, is it possible? I can
hardly believe that the Senator would claim any-
thing for soldiers who had been engaged in that
way. What a commentary on the soldiers of
Minnesota, from their own Senator!
Now, sir, I do not like to be accused in this
way before the Senate for simply doing what I
conceive to be my duty in all cases. No man is
more ready than I am and always have been to
render ample justice, ample praise, and all the
glory that any man can claim for them, to the
gallant soldiers of the West. No man has ever
heard a word out of my mouth but of praise for
the gallant soldiers of the Weston all occasions;
and I defy the Senator now here to-day or any
other day (and he may search the records) to
find when J have given a sectional vote; one that
could be fairly construed as such on any question
before the Senate; one that looked even that way,
or that he could trace; to any sectional feeling, in
any shape or form. I think I may utter the same
defiance for all the gentlemen who represent New
England. Of all men, certainly they have aright
to claim that they legislate upon a liberal policy.
There never has been a day, or an hour, or a mo-
ment when we have not been ready to vote any-
thing and everything that justice claimed, or that
even liberality claimcd, that we could vote for the
West as well as for the other sections of the coun-
try, without reference to any sectional feeling;
and any imputation to thecontiary is unjust and
unkind.
More especially is it unkind in the Senator, and
more especially is it unkind and unjust to throw
such imputations upon the gallant soldiers of the
army of the Potomac, ?vho, whenever they &ave
had a chance to fight, have fought as well as
soldiers ever fQught under the sun, jshed thepr
blood as freely and as readily, and have beei> £$4
are as ready to lay down their lives as ge&er-
ously, ay, as even the proudest and the bmyest
men that represent the West; and thank jGq4>
many of them, a great number of them, cai#,e
from our own New England, and I feel pro#d <*f
them as such, as well as that I am * citizen witji
them of £he same great Republic. Tfce Senator
when he comes to reflect ypon the gross unkind-
ness, the gross injustice he hag been guilty of by
sneering ,at the gallant men who have fought any-
where and everywhere .that their leaders would
let them fight, will, I dare say, regret it, especially
when he finds that he majced up many gal-
lant western soldiers, from Michigan, from Min-
nesota, and from other States, in the same cate-
gory with them,and thrown an imputation on their
courage and their manhood.
Sir, I have nothing to say of any of thera ex-
cept words .of praige. I say before God there was
never a braver people on the face of the e&rth
than all the people of this country as a general
rule—there are individual cowards, of course—?not
only eastern men and yresterji men, but southern
men. I glory in the courage even of our enemies
as Americans, and I give them all praise for H.
There are no 'braver men on the face of the earth
than they are. It so happens that in some quar-
ters our armies have not been well led. Let the
Senator reflect 
Mr. WILKINSON. I cannot {permit the Sen-
ator to misconstrue my language in this way. I
uttered no word against the private soldiers. I
spoke of the armies, and of course I had 
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the Army made
up of, I will ask the Senator? Is the Army made
up of officers alone?
Mr. WILKINSON. The management of that
Army in directing it to go one day forward and
another day backward depends entirely on the
commanders of the Army, and the Senator well
knows it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. When the
Senator speaks of the officers, I cannot tell how
far they have acted wisely or otherwise. But let
him reflect (and by this be it understood I throw
no imputation on anybody, and do not mean to
be understood so) that the Commander-in-Chief
of the whole Army, who directs the whole, is a
western man. Who is your President? He is
responsible. He made the officers^and he keeps
the officers in command. He directs the course
of the Army. Where did he come from? If you
mean to impute all this to him, say it to him and
say whom you mean. He makes the officers, he
keeps them in command, and he instructs them
and directs them. Speak of him and do not talk
about individual subordinates, what they do'and
what they do not do. Here is my friend who is
at the head of the committee on the conduct of
the war, [Mr. Wade,] directing the whole of it.
He is a western man, and I wish he was a gen-
eial officer and in command of an army.
I have said thus much to defend myself from
the charge of being sectional and not being will-
ing to do justice here and theie and everywhere.
I apologize to the Senate. As chairman of the
Committee on Finance, I have ncr business, no
right, perhaps, to allow these debates to call me
out m this way, and thus spend the time of the
Senate, but I cannot stand personal imputations,
and more than all, I cannot siand imputations on
my section, especially on their courage and their
manliness, without replying.
Mr. WILKINSON. I would not say a word
but to answer some things that have been said by
the Senator from Maine. He has the reputation
of being perhaps the best lawyer in New England,
lie is very well skilled, undoubtedly, m special
pleading and in making "the worse appear the
better reason." The Senator has endeavored to
fasten upon me sentiments which I did not utter,
and which he knows vrry well I did not intend
to utter. lie lidicuk-s the idea that this Minne-
sota regiment is entitled to any credit because I
said,^fi:this army had not succeeded. They
have a very little credit; they have left a thousand
of their men in Virginia. It is true they have
fought to very little purpose 
J&r. FESSENDEN. 1 said that the Senator
denied them credit. I did not.
