1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ti
Mr. WILSON. I understand the company is
willing to accept a guarantee of interest on the
bonds.
Mr. STEVENS. But if so, it will be by guar-
antying the interest on a much latger amount. ^
Mr. WILSON. But, after all, the aggregate
amount of interest to be guarantied by the Gov-
ernment on the increased amount of bonds will
be less than the amount for which the Govern-
ment \ypuld be responsible under the original act.
Mr. STEVENS. Itmaybeso. tamnotdis-
cussmg the subject of the Union Pacific railroad
now. I am in favor of it. Indeed, I am in favor
of all these roads; and I hardly expected that when
a company asks a grant of lands that are now
worthless, there should beany objection at all to it.
Mr. SLOAN. 1 am certainly in favor of the
purpose of this bill; that is, the construction of a
northern Pacific railroad. We believe that the
shortest route for reaching the Pacific is by the
northern route, and if 1 had any assurance that
the grant which is proposed to be made by this
bill would result in the construction of that-road
T would certainly be very earnestly and zealously
in favor of the bill.
But, sir, I see by the bill that the grant of the
public lands which it is proposed to make, and
winch it is estimated will reach not less than forty-
six million acres of land, is to be given to a cor-
poration charteied by the Slate of Maine, a State
certainly ihe furthest removed of any State in the
Union from the scene of the operations of the
proposed project.
i know noihing in reference to the company
which is named m the bill, nothing in relation to
its facilities or ability to accomplish this great
work which the special committee having this mat-
ter m charge have proposed to commit to it. If I
wi'ic satisfied that it is composed of such men as
will insure the execution of the work, they would
not have a more eai nest suppoi ter upon this floor
than myself. But it must be recollected that this
is an enoimous giant of land to be donated to a
single company, and that if they should fail todo
anything under if, they may stand-in the way of
the organization of any other company for the
completion of this important national work.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will observe
that this company have but six months in which
to elect whether they will comply with the con-
ditions of the giant.
Mr. SLOAN. I confess that I have not had
an opportunity of examining the details of the
bill so as to understand ail the guaids which the
committee have thiown around the grant. But,
sir, I dfsire to say that without understanding
what the precedents have been in this respect, it
docs seem to me that in a woik of such national
importance as the construction of a railroad be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific States, a corpora-
tion should be oi^amzed under this bill by the
Congress of the United States, and placed within
such limits and under such liabilities as may be
deemed proper, instead of leaving it to a company
oiganized in one of the States.
Mr. STEVENS. I will suggest to the gentle-
man that perhaps an answer to his inquiries may
be found in the remarks of my colleague on the
committee, [Mr. Sweat,] who', I understand, de-
sues to address the House upon the subject of
this bill. I hope, therefore, the gentleman will
allow the gentleman fiom Maine to go on and
submit his remarks in explanation of the bill.
A5r. SLOAN. Iwiligive way for thatpurpose.
Mr. SWEAT. "I hope to live long enough,
without looking forward to a very long life, to see
mining and agricultural communities growing up
in that interior, which shall constitute an element
of peace and concord among the States of this
Union," were words spoken on thisUoor in May,
18G9, upon the very question now under consid-
eration, by a gentleman whose labors in behalf of
the project of developing that vastcxtent of terri-
tory between the Mississippi river and the Pacific
oct'an entitle him to the high consideration and
gratitude of the American people. He did live
long enough to see the initiation of a part of his
plan in the charier granted for the Union Pacific
orCentra! load, and had he lived till this tnnehe
would have rejoictd still more in this other fact
now before us of the unanimous report of your i
committee in aid of his la\orite northern route, |
and which, I trust, is to receivcthe fiiendlysup- j
port of this Congress. His mind, remaikable for i
its quickness and vigor of action, comprehended !
from the first, not only the importance in a com-
mercial view of opening a communication to the
Pacific ocean by railway,but upon the broader
ground of developing the untold resources and
wealth of that vast, unsettled, and almost unknown
tenitory within our borders, and as n means of
providing for the military defense of the grc: t
North west of this Republic ;and to theaccomplish-
mentofhis purpose of investigating the facts upon
which his theory was founded, and theieby di-
recting the attention and securing the interest of
our people upon it, he commenced his labois in
1833, the results of which are published to the
country and are now lecognized as among the most
valuable ever accomplished by any of our public
men. His worth and ability asa scientific man,
as a sound thinker and clear reasoner, as a fear-
less and patient explorer, were only equaled by
his patriotic devotion to the cause of the Union,
and by the zeal and ardor with which lie hastened
to its defense, and by the signal service which lie
rendered to it as an accomplished, skillful, brave,
and successful military commander, placing him
in my judgment as scarcely second to any that
this war has called into action. I need not say
that I refer to General Isaac I. Stevens, late of
Washington Territory, who fell on the field of
battle at Chantilly, September 1,1862,and I trust
I need not apologize to this House for this pass-
ing tribute to one who served the cause of progress
I and his country so faithfully and so well.
I Mr. Speaker, the question of railroads to the
! Pacific is no longer a chimera. It has been an-
| swered. They are not only practicable but they
i are indispensable as the means of developing and
I protecting that portion of our country destined at
no distant day to equal if not transcend in im-
portance any other equal extent of our domain.
Thanks to such men as Lewis, and Clark, and
Whitney in earlier days, and Stevens, Mulian,
McLellan, Lander, Fiske, and others, moie ic-
cently, public interest is now centered upon this
grand movement, scarcely second in importance
to the reestablishment of peace within our bor-
ders, for without the development of this portion
of our country no peace can be permanently as-
sured and maintained. The political elements
which heretofore have obtruded themselves in the
considerations of this question are happily at rest,
and there is nothing now to prevent the exercise
of the fullest, wisest, and most national views
upon it. The doctrine of the supposed necessity
of keeping up an accurate equilibrium between
the slave and free States is no longer cause of
excited discussions and opposition to the improve-
ment of important sections of our country; and
that other idea of placing the sea-coast interests in
antagonism to the interior Stales is also abandoned
as having no foundation stronger than personal
or sectional prejudices.
This bill authorizes the construction of a road
the termini of which shall be at some point on
Lake Superior at the westerly side thereof, in the
State of Wisconsin or Minnesota, and some point
on Puget sound. For very obvious reasons it
was determined by your committee not to specify
in the bill the precise starting point on Lake Su-
perior, or the place of termination on Puget
sound. To fix these lnevocahly by the action
of Congress would place it m the power of spec-
ulators to purchase all the land adjacent, and, by
an exoibitant puce for them, subject the corpo-
ration to unjust and heavy burdens m the com-
mencement of their undertaking. Good policy
and the interests of the country suggest the pro-
priety of leaving the exact teunini of the road-
undefined by the bill,and to be heieafter selected
by the corporation. The localities through which
the road will pass in ctossmg the Stale of Min-
nesota and the Territories of Dakota, Idaho,
Oregon, and Washington,are also left for future
determination after accurate suivoys. Whether
the route of Stevens or Mullein, or perhaps a
more southerly one, will be adopted, icmains to
be decided.
The only limitation fixed in this bill is that the
road shall not run further south than the forty-
fourth and a half degree of latitudv; and I may
here say that this limitation was mentioned in oi der
to meet the fears enteitained by some of the com-
mittee that if this road should tun further south
it might conflict with the interests of the Central
(Union Pacific) load. Such a fear is entiiely
unfounded. It is not possible that the Northern
I can injuriously interfere with the Central. The
     —^
large extent ofterritory necessarily between them,
averaging five orsix hundred,miles-, would fon vor
preclude this possibility. One might as well con-
lend upon a similar reason thai-there should be
but one road ieadiug northeasterly between St*.
Louis and New Yotk. And in addition to this,
I am able to say, from conversation with tfo&se
most largely interested in the Central road, that
so far from considering this road as ptejudicial to
theiis, it would be an aid, and they expressed
their earnest wishes for its success.
You will perceive on examining the bill that it
is drawn carefully with reference to insuring th«
early commencement of the road. The fact that
no money is asked by its friends of the Govern-
ment may raise doubt in the minds of some, who
-comprehend the magnitude of the undertaking,
whether it will not prove a mere idle and useless
experiment. It is not so considered by those who
are moving in it. They believe that there are ad-
vantages for building this road, and inducements
for investing money in it by subscribing for its
stock, which no other route to the Pacific can
possibly command. While they ask not a dol-
lar of Government bonds or money, and by the
bill are precluded fiom taking any of the mineral
lands ctossed by the road, and arc also prevented
from ever issuing any mortgage or construction
bonds without the consent of Congress, they are
content with the grant of lands provided by this
act, and believe that with this as a foundation,
and with the assurance that no incumbrance can
be placed on it by the company, stock will ho sub-
scubed for and the woik assuied.
In relation to section thirteen of the bill, which
provides that the act shall be void unless 6ona
fide subscriptions to the stock to the amount of
$2,000,000 shall be procured with ten per cent,
paid within two years after the passage and ap-
proval of this act, 1 will hen; say, that fiom as-
surances made to me by gentlemen interested in
it, and whom I know to be possessed of large
means, that the amount requued can be rais< d in
one week after the passage of lhis bill. They
say, give us twenty alternate sections of laud on
each side of the railroad through the Territories,
and ten sections per mile thiough the States,and
we are ready to risk our money. This land is
now virtually useless to the Government, and so
far as surveyed is open to occupation and settle-
ment at mere nominal prices. The land which
will be left after this appropriation to the road
will be incieaseda hundred-fold after the road is
built; and to meetany possible suspicion that this
is to be used as a mere speculative scheme for the
purpose of getting hold of the public lands, 1 beg
you to bear in mind that by the language of
the bill, expressly prepared for the purpose, not
one single acre of land can over vest in this cor-
poration except upon the terms of actually con-
structing and having ready for service the road,
in sections of at least twenty-five miles each.
But it is said, " Why grunt this bill in aid of a
company chartered by the Legislature of Maine?"
The question was asked a few moments since by
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Sloan.] To
those conversant with the histoiy of *' railroad
communications with the Pacific" I need not say
that very serious question has in past times been
made as to the power of Congi ess to authorize the
immediate agents of the Government to engage in
such undci taking. As i ecently as 1858 Pietsident
Buchanan, in his annual message, used the follow-
ing language:
'•It h hot ly admitted that It would be inexpedient for
this Government to exeici ;e the powei ot coastiuctui": J ho
Pacific nuhond by its own immediate agents. Such a
policy would ineit.a*e tin* p umn.tge ot the Executive to a
dangerous extent, and iiitiodure a system of jobbing and
eoriup.ion which no vijnlanee on the part of Kedciul offi-
cials could either pieventoj detect. This can onf) bedono
l y ihe keen eye and active and careful supervision of in
dividual and pi ivaie interest. The construction of tliisiorfd
ousht. theretoie, to be commuted to companies Interpo-
lated by the Sale-, m othi i agencies, uhoc ptcuiuaiy in-
terest^ would he din oily involved. Congiesa might then
a*oi-t them in the woik by giants of land or of money, or
both, undei sue it conditions* ai.J restrictions* us would se-
cure liie tiansportntion ofttoop- and inanitions of war fiec
fiom any chaise, and that of the United States mail ut a
fair and reasonable piicc.*'
It was in deference to such opinionsas these, and •
after an unsuccessful attempt to get a charter di-
re. c 11 y fi on) Co tigress, thatapplication was made to
tlu Legislate te of M«'i i ne in Mai eh, 1860, for a char-
ter. The Legislature of that State was the only
one, 1 think, in session so late as March of that
year,and hencelheapplication there. TheSpoakev
