654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. WILKINSON. That is an illustration of
■what I have just stated > that owing to his character
for astuteness, which I presume he acquired as a
lawyer in his practice at the bar, the Senator has
attempted to fasten upon me the utterance of sen-
timents which I never intended to utter, and he
•knows it. i submit that that la a Uttle unbecom-
ing the high character of the honorable Senator
from Maine. Sir, this is not a place for petti-
fogging. I supposed that he quit that business
twenty years ago, perhaps thirty. He ought
never to have entered into it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I am very
•unwilling to call the Senator to order, but I sub-
mit to the Chair whether personal remarks of that
kind are in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Anthony.)
In the-opinion of the Chair the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota are not in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What was it the Senator
said ?
Mr. WILKINSON. That the Senator from
Maine ought to have quit pettifogging twenty
years ago.
Mr. ^ESSENDEN. What did the Senator
say before that?
Mr. WILKINSON. That was all. That was
the remark the Senator from Maryland took ex-
ception to.
Mr. JOHNSON. You said that he knew that
what lie said waa not true.
Mr. WILKINSON. I said that the Senator
from Maine knew very well that I did not intend
to disparage the private soldiers in the army of
the Potomac.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I could not put any other
construction upon what the Senator said. I will
Say to the Senator that I have no doubt that if
he coolly deliberates on the effect of his own
words he will be ready to retract them; and yet
his language was distinct; he said " the army of
the Potomac."
Mr. WILKINSON. I spoke of the At my in
the aggregate. I do not believe there was a braver
class of men ever assembled together in an army
than the piivate soldiers who constitute the grand
army of the Potomac. It is my humble judg-
ment that the battle of Gettysbutg was the gieat-
est and most heroic victory that ever was won
anywhere on any battle-field, and it was done by
the stubbornness and by the bravery of the sol-
diers. But, Mr. President, the Senator knows
very well and the country knows that this army
of the Potomac as an army has not been as suc-
cessful as the army of the West has been.
Now, in regard to the proposition which I in-
troduced here, and with reference to which I then
thought and still think the Senator fiom Maine
acted a very unfair and illiberal part. I oflfeied a
proposition that was .so fair that nobody need
mistake in regard to it, and I asked the Senate as
a favor that it might lie passed without being re-
ferred to a committee, I do not suppose there is
another Senator heie on this floor wjio would
have raised the least objection to passing it upon
the facts being stated. This is not the only case
in which thutSenatoi has opposed mea.sures which
were fair and just and liberal on their face, and
has delayed and hindered the action of this body
on propositions similar to that which did not
come directly from his own committee, and I may
be permitted to say that the honorable Senator
has acted sometimes a little like a dictator on this
floor, and that, too, to parties whodid not occupy
much of the time of the Senate. I ask the indul-
gence of the Senate for what I have already said
in regard to this matter.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. When I yielded the
Qoor to the distinguished Senator from Maine
about an hour since f did not apprehend so in-
teresting a debate as resulted from my politeness
on that occasion. I am not inclined to int«nfere
in this war at all, I accoid perfectly the lights
of belligerents to both the gentlemen, one the very
able and distinguished representative from the
East and one from the West. But if the Senate
will pardon me for occupying a moment of its
time on the appropriate business before th'e body,
I will endeavor to state precisely what'tlr^qaes-
tion is.
This is a bill to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the current fiscal year. To that
bill my colleague introduces an amendment to in-
crease the salary of the Assistant Secretary of the
Interior from $3,000 to $4,000 per annum. He
is instructed to move that amendment by a com-
mittee of this body, the Committee on Public
Lands. Your present legislation stands thus:
the Assistant Secretaries of War receive $3,000
a year; the Assistant Secretary of the Interior
receives $3,000; the Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury receives $4,000, and the Assistant; Sec-
retary of the Navy $4,000. It is not for me to
state the importance of the Interior Department,
the efficiency and skill and ability and great
learning which the Assistant Secretary of the In-
terior brings to the discharge of his duty. I have
only to say that your legislation should be equal;
for without any disparagement of any of the other
Assistant Secretaries in any of the Departments,
no gentleman well informed and with a proper
regard for candor will say that any of them are
in any capacity superior to the Assistant Secie-
tary of the Interior.
Then I ask that your legislation shallbe equal;
either that the Assistant Secretary of thelnterior
shall have his salary increased, or that the salary
of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy and the
Assistant Secietary of the Treasury shall be re-
duced to §3,000 a year, and I am rather indiffer-
ent as to which course the Senate shall take; but
a proper regard to justice and the public interests,
it does seem to me, requiies that the salaiies of
those Assistant Secretaries should be made equal.
I of coursedo not enter into this discussion as to
the relative meiits of soldiers East or West. 1
am equally proud of their prowess and bravery
and patrioti.sm from whatsoever quarter of the
Republic they come.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. Mr. President(.I will say
to the gentleman from Indiana who introduced
this amendment [Mr. Hendricks] that 1 am in
favor ofhi.s pi opojsition, but I do not believe that
upon an appropriation bill it is wise to introduce
the question of the raising of salaries, because it
opens a very wide field ofdebate. The truth is,
if I were to express my opinion on the question
of salaries, I am decidedly of opinion that the
salaries of these Assistant Secretaries should be
put upon a footing of equality, and that they
should be raised up to the salary of $4,000 a year
in all the Departments. I will say further—and
I do not hesitate to express my opinion—that the
heads of bureaus ought to have iheir salaries raised
to at least the sum of $3,500; for no men in this
Government labor so much as these heads of bu-
reaus do day and night upon a salary that cannot
support themselves and their families here in
Washington. Hut I do not believe it is wise on
a deficiency bill to get, up a discussion of that sub-
ject, for we enter on afield which is very broad,
and which ought to be settled in some special bill
on that subject. I hope that a bill on that subject
will be brought in, and then we may discuss the
mafterby itself. It is very important,as I under-
stand, that this deficiency bill should leceive the
sanction of Congress at an early day.
Mr. President, I have listened, I venture to say,
with as much interest as any one to what has oc-
curred here m the Senate between the two .Sena-
tors, both of whom I claim to he my fi lends upon
this doui,the Seuatoi from Minnesota and the
Senator from Maine, 1 regret, myself that any
comparison should ho made between the armies
of the East and the We<t, We are all one people.
The West ate the children of the East, the sons
of the East, and I believe that the armies in all
sections of the country have shown themselves to
be equally brave and equally distinguished upon
the battle-field. They have not always been as
successful in the results of battles, it is true, in
the army of the Potomac as in the auny of the
West; but the soldiers of Maine, the soldiers of
Minnesota, the soldiers of Wisconsin, together
have been brigaded both Ea^t and West, and
braver men never met nr fought or bled on any
field in the history of the world. Sn, in this very
army of the Potomac the men of the second and
the thud and the siKth and the seventh Wiscon-
sin, and the men fiotn Michigan, and the men
from Minnesota, side by side with the men from
Vermontand the men Hum Maineand Massachu-
setts, have stood together in the day of the most
terrible conflict*. Freely would they bare their
bosoms in each other's defense. Together their
life-blood has often gushed and mingled, and side
by side their bones now lie upon that soil where
they have laid down their lives for Union and for
liberty. Sir, no comparison, in my judgment,
ouehttobe drawn between these brave men. ^
But, Mr. President, as I said in the beginning,
I dQ not believe this bill is the proper bill on
which to raise this question of increasing salaries.
1 am in favor of raising the salary of the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Interior, I am also in favor
of raising the Assistant Postmasters' General, that
those gentlemen who have the same rank may
have the same pay. I would be willing, as I said,
to go for a rifeasnre which should raise the sala-
ries of heads of bureaus, for their salaries were
fixed as long ago as 1798,1 believe, and were fixed
at $3,000, when the heads of Departments were
fixed at $6,000. The heads of Departments have
been raised up to $8,000, and the heads of bureaus
have remained the same as before. Now, where
is there a man in this Government who labors
any more than the Second Auditor of the Treas-
ury or the Commissionerof Pensions or the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, and these
various officers, men who are distinguished in
capacity, and who must be men of great ability
to discharge faithfully the duties of these offices?
But, Mr. President,! do not think this is the bill
on which to discuss this question, or enter into
the general subject of raising salaries. You can-
not raise the salary of one or cut down the salary of
^>ne without opening the whole field of discussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that this
question about the salary of Assistant Secretaries
might as well be settled now as at some future
time. The Committee on Finance have been both-
ered about this matter probably more than about
any other question now pending in Congress.
The AssistantSecretary of the Interior veryjustly
complains that a discrimination is made between
himself and two other AssistantSecretaries. That
disciimination is manifestly unjust. What has
been said about Judge Otto is true: he is an able
man, and in his profession could undoubtedly
earn much more money than he gets here. He
has said to me that he does not care so mu^h
about the salary as he docs about the discrimin-
ation in favor of others of the game rank.
I think, therefore, the best solution of this diffi-
culty, as but two of these Assistant Secretaries
are receiving the enlarged pay of $4,000, in to
adopt the proposition of the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] and put them all on the
same footing, and hereafter discuss the question
of raising them. I know very well that it is a
sentiment of honor which objects to the discrim-
ination; and if I was one of these AssistantSec-
retaries, feeling that I was competent to discharge
the duties of my office, I should dislike very much
that men of the same rank should receive higher
pay. I would regard that as a matter of much
more moment than a thousand dollars. I should
not like to have that discrimination made against
the office I held. That feeling of pride is a feel-
ing we must appreciate. We should feel it our-
selves if one of our own body should receive more
compensation than ourselves; we should think
it very hard. I think, therefore, the better way
is to adopt the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, and put them all on
the same footing.
In regard to a general increase of salaries, there
is scare* ly an officer in the Government but what
demands an increased salary, from the judges of
the Supreme Court of the United States down to
the humblest clerk. I do not see how a clerk can
live on $1,200 a year in this city with a family.
It is very difficult indeed; and if 1 was commen-
cing to increase salaries, I would commence with
the'lowest, not the highest. These gentlemen can
live upon their salaries, but many of the clerks
and humbler employes can bcarcely do so; butin
the present condition of affairs I shall not vote to
increase the compensation of any civil officer of the
Government, because I think in war, when they
are enjoying a peaceful, quiet employment, they
ought to be willing to receive even reduced com-
pensation while others areshaiing the dangers of
war m the field.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shiio [Mr. Hale] to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks.]
Mr. FESSENDEN". Let u be read. "*•
The VICE PRESIDENT. Both the amend-
ment and the amendment to the amendment will
be read.
