72
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 5,
Cox©...., 1 st Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Voorhees.
Ho. OP HEP3.
their breath will be soft and vernal in the spring,
and that tne dead ilowers and the withered foliage
wiii blossom and bloom again. He sees the sky
overcast with the angry frown of the tempest,
but he knows that the sun will reappear, and the
stars, the bright emblazonry of God, cannot per-
ish. Man himself, this strange connecting link
• between dust and deity, totters wearily onward
under the weight of years and pain toward the
gaping tomb—but how briefly his mind lingers
around that dismal spot ! It is filled with tears
and grief, and the willow and the cypress gather
around it with their loving but mournful embrace.
And is this all? Not so. If a man die, shall he
not live again? Beyond the grave, in the distant
Aiden, hope provides an eiysium of the soul
wheie the mortal assumes immortality and life
becomes an endless splendor.
But wheie, sii , in all the dreary regions of the
past, filled with convulsions, wars and crimes, can
you point your finder to the tornb of a free com-
monwealth on which the angel of resurrection has
ever descended, or from whose mouth the stone of
despotism has ever been rolled away? Where, in
what age and in what clime, have the rains of con-
Hlitutioiufei freedom renewed their youth and re-
gained their lost estate? By who'se strong grip has
the dead corpse of a republic once fallen ever been
raised? The merciful Master who walked upon
the waters, and hade the winds be still, left no or-
dained apostley with power to wtenoh apart the
jaws of national doath,and release the victims of
despotism. The wail of the heart-broken over
the dead is not so sad to me as the realization of
this fact. But all history, wnh a loud unbroken
voice, proclaims it, and the evidence of what the
past has been is conclusive to my mind of what
the future will be. \Vherever m the wide domain of
human conduct a people once possessed of liberty,
with all power in tbur own hands, have surren-
dered these great gifts of God at the eommand of
the usurper, they have nevoi aftei wards proven
themselves worthy 10 regain then* foi felted treas-
ures.
' >Sir, let history speak on this point. B'-ntl your
ear, and listen to the solemn warnings which dis-
tant ages perpetually utter m their uneasy slum-
bers. Four thousand years of human expei ienee
are open and present for the study of the Ameri-
can people. JStnnd mg us we do, the last and great-
est lie pub lie in the miih.t of i he earth, it becomes
us most deeply m ihis crisis ot'onr destiny 1,0 ex-
amine Well tiie career and the final fate of kmdred
Governments in the past.
The principles of self-government are of ancient
origin. They were not created by theautiiois of
the American Constitution. They were adopted
by those wise and gifted minds from the models
of fouuer time* anil applied to the wants of the
Ameiicao people. Far back in thegiay, uncer-
tain dawn of history, m the land of mystery and
of miracles, the hand of Almighiy benevuh nee
planted the seeds of constitutional government by
which life, liberty, and properly wete made se-
cuie. A hi ahum ami Lot each governed his house-
hold and lus herdmen by law; and although they
became offended at each other, yet tinder the di-
vine sanction they refrained from tin5 pleasures
of conquest, suhju^auon, confiscation. They
divided the counuy befote them by a primitive
treaty, and the continued to grow for their
flocks unstained by fratei nul blood and uncrushed
by the hoof of war. And in long-after yeais,
when the descendants of the patriarehs broke their
prison doois m E^ypt and lay encamped in the
wilderness, the omniscient Presence came down
and gave them a frame-work of lundamental law
in which the popular will was largely recognized.
A system of jurisprudence was devised for the
people of Isiael which protected liberty and ad-
ministered justice. Under us influence the feeble
fugitives and homeless wanderers without bread
and without water in the desert became an empire
of wisdom,of wealth, and of power. Thehberal
institutions of the Jewish theocracy produced
statesmen, poets, histoimns, and wan tors, who
will continue to challenge the admiration of pos-
terity by the splendor of their achievements as
long as generations come and go on the waves of
time. They lived within the immediate jurisdic-
tion of Jehovah. Tl.ey possessed {ho ark of the
covenant, and took counsel with ministering an-
gels directly*from the portals of Paradise. With i
all these evidences of celestial favor in their be- :
half, it is not to be wondered that they claimed
an exemption from the changes and mutations of
human affairs, and boasted that the seal of per-
petuity had been impressed by the divine hand
on the pillars of their Government. But public I
virtue became debauched; the popular heart cor-
roded with the lust of conquest and of gain; prim-
itive purity faded away under the baleful breath
of embittered factions; the fires of patriotism
were smothered by rankling hate and the thirst
for revenge; and all these evil passions broke forth
in the voice of a malignant majority clamoring for
a king, in that hour of disastrous eclipse, the
spirit of liberty took her flight forever from the
hills of Judea. Thousands of yeats have rolled
away since then. The Holy Lund has been the
theater of conflicts which rocked the world as the
throes of an earthquake. Genius and heroism
have there blazed as stars in the eastern skies.
There, too, was enacted the sublime tuigedy of
redemption—that tragedy which summoned the
inhabitants of all woilds as its witnesses, and
filled natuie with n^ony in all her parts. The
eyes of mankind have been turned back and fixed
upon those scenes of immortal interest for more
than thirty centimes. But who has lifted upand
restored her fallen system of libeial institutions?
The people surrendeied their lights, their fran-
chises, their self-contiol,and welcomed the power
of one man. The base act has never been re-
versed. As the tree fell so it lies, it died at I he
root. Despotism reigns undisturbed and un-
broken, in dnikness and in silence, where once
the hght and music of fieedom gladdened the
souls of the stately sons and dark-eyed daughters
of Israel. *
And leaving the land of sacred history, what
similar scenes of human weakness and humnn
folly meet, us at every step m the onward path-
way of nme. Win-re now are those splendid
Mntetures whirl) once adorned the shoies of the
xEgvan, the Riixme, ami the Med net tanean ?
Ai hens, the eye of Greece, the school of the world
—has her diMiial late imptessed no lesson on the
thoughts of mankind? Fifteen bundled years
befoie the birth of oui Saviour, the light of civil
order and civil fieedom arose in the island of
Crete, and sent i ts rays thi ough the vale of'JVmpe,
the rich plamsot Thessaly,overthe fruitful fields
i of Auica and Hceotia, and hovered with an ever-
lasting and an imperishable radiance aiound the
I heads of Olympus, Helicon, and i\unassus. U
l is true that kings governed in (hose early days,
; but absolute power m one man was unknown.
Laws made by the people chained the licentious
hand of oppression. The proudest monarchs of
those warlike ages governed in obedience to the
will of the legislative depai tments. They enacted
no laws; they executed them as they found them.
A house of peers and an assembly of the people
shared the supienie authority and insun'd safety
and liberty to the citizen. Ulysses speaks of one
chief44 to whom Jupiter hath intrusted the scepter
and the laws, that by them he may govern." But
he recognizes that these instalments of govern-
ment are bestowed by the popular favor, for, when
shipu recked upon astiang'' coast and addressing
I himself as a suppliant to its queen, he says:
'•May the gods giant jou and una gii<"Us to live hap-
I pily; and may >ou alltiaiiMint to your t hildreu youi pos-
| M'-'ions nt \oui houses and whatsoever honors the people
' hath given you."'
j But men this limited and constitutional system
j of monarchy was not long borne by that proud
; race which drank in the love of liberty from the
j free air of the mountains over their iieads, and the
i bieath of the restless and stoimy ocean at their
] feU.
^Th'we viiroioiH piineiplod of demoeiaey which had al-
; ways exited in the Uioeiau Governments be^an tofeiment;
1 and in the coiu>eofa few ages monarchy was cveiywhere
: abolished   the v< ry name ot king was very generally pro-
! seabed; a commonwealth was thought the only Govern-
' incut to which it became men to submit; and tiieteim ty-
i lain, wa> introduced to deiiote tho>e who, in opposition to
i the-e new political pnnciphj-jucquned monarchical ay."
Then sprang into existence that wondeiful
i cluster of republics whose memory yet fills the
!j earth with its fragrance of noble deeds and ex-
j| alted genius. Liberty hovered over that classic,
[j peninsula of southern Europe like the angel of
|i creation hovering over night and chaos,and from
the fustering wannih of her embrace came forth
an immortal world of letters, of ait, of science,
and of law. The Macedonian, the Spartan, the
Athenian, and all lifted their heads among the
stars, and barely condescended to puy and de-
spise neighboring nations who were less fiee than
themselves. They pointed to Marathon and
Salamis, Thermopylae and Platsea, as the Ameri-
can points to Saratoga and Bunker Hill, York-
town and New Orleans. They kept their festive
days of national deliverance and joy as the 4th
day of July and the 8th day of January have
been commemorated and hallowed by us. They
sounded all the depths and shoals of honor, drank
deep draughts from the very fountains of freedom,
achieved immortality in every department of hu-
man thoughtandaction; and yet, with their cups
full of glory for more than a thousand years,
sparkling to the brim with lights and privileges
more sweet to their taste than the honey of Iiy-
mettus, they dashed it to the eaith, and its shat-
tered fragments remain as they fell. The lust of
power on the part of public rulers, and the luxury, #
sloth, und indifference of the people, nuised so
long in the lap of prosperity that they allowed
the usurper to march on in his lawless career un-
challenged and unquestioned, wot ked the over-
throw of the republics of Greece. And whattrav-
elei, standing upon those blighted and withered
plains, has beheld a sign of resurieclion for more
than two thousand years? .Now and then, it is
true, a nuumur or a groan has disturbed the
deadly sleep in which that land is embraced, but
it only shows that she dieams of the past,.not
that she will awake to the futuie. Her birth-
right was abandoned by her own soulid hand,
and it cannot be reclaimed. A petty power of
northern Europe now gives a king to the coun-
trymen of Homer, Themistocles, and Solon.
But, sir,another name, more prominent than all
otheis, presents itself to the student of antiquity
in this connection. Roman history stands out
upon the canvas of time as plainly mai ked as the
events of modern ages. We see Tarquin the
Proud expelled from Ins throne, and the founda-
tions of the Commonwealth hud five bundled
years before the Christian era. For the next live
centuries we behold a race of men who " would
have btooked the eternal devil to keep his state
in Home as easily as a king."
How fondly the devotee of liberty dwcllsupon
lhat period ! With what grandeur the names of
tin* mighty dead, and the sublime creations of their
genius,arise to our view! In what does the boasted
civilization of the present surpass the achievements
of a race and an age to whom the revelations of God
were unknown ? Who has spoken as Cicero spoke?
What historian has guided a pen so full of maj-
esty and of beauty as that which inscribed the
annals of Tacitus? Whose muse hns winged a
loftier flight or sung a nobler sttain than Virgil's?
inarms, too, what warriors have improved upon
the skill and magnificence of Scipio and Caesar?
Cut it was still more in the dignity and freedom
of her private citizens that Rome was great than
in the renown of her most illustrious leaders,
statesmen, and orators. Kings of powerful na-
tions bowed their uncovered heads before the
Roman people. The magistrates, consuls, and
military commanders paid homage and obedience
directly to the public will. The sovereignty of
the people was absolute. The principles of self-
government wrie never in the history of nations
more fully or clearly displayed. Jurisprudence
became an enlightened science,from whose pages
a light extends to the present hour, and under
whose guaidian protection the humblest citizen
of Home was secure in eveiy u«ht declared un-
alienable by the Declaration of Ameruan Inde-
pendence But why linger upon the well-known
story of Roman libei ty and Roman greatness? I
use it but to illustrate. The melancholy conclu-
sion came. As the son of the morning fell from
heaven, so Rome fell from the luminous sphere
of liberty never to hope again. The woildgiew
dark as her light faded away, and ten centuries
ofgloom succeeded her downfall. Arid why per-
ished this mistiessof the earth ? Not because the
vandal ravaged her borders; not because the Gaul
burned to avenge the victims of Caesar; not be-
cause the Goth beat her gates to pieces; but be-
cause her people submitted to the encroachments
