1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Hendricks, as follows:
Insert alter line seventy:
That the bal.uy_of tiie Assistant Secretary of the interior
shall hereafter bo the same as that of the Assiaani-Socio-
tary of the Navy; and the sum of $500, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, is hereby appropriated tor the pay-
ment of such salary for the remainder of the current fiscal
year.
The amendment of Mi*. Hale to the amend-
ment is to strike out all after the word "that,"
and to insert:
After the close of the present fiscal year the salary of
each of the Assistant Secretaries of the several Depart-
ments shall be $3,000 per annum.
Mi*. POWELL. Is it in order to amend that
amendment^
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itisuot. Itisnow
in the second degree; it is an amendment to an
amendment which is now pending.
Mr.-POWELL. I thought it was not in order,
and that is the reason I made the inquiry, for I
intended, if in order, to propose an amendment
to the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, providing that these salaries should be paid
incoin or its equivalent. If I am rightly informed,
these Assistant Secretaries have had as much as
§3,000 for a great length of time. Everybody
knows that a salary of $3,000 before this paper
money got in vogue, was worth as much or moie
than $4,000 is now; and if you fix the salaries of
all these Assistant Secretaries at $3,000, it is very
much reduced. I hope the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire will not prevail, and
that the proposition of the Senator from Indiana
will be adopted, to bring them up and make them
all equal; not by putting them at such a low fig-
ure, but paying for talent, industry, and knowl-
edge. Theycannotliveifyou putthe salariesdown
to $2,000 in good money, which it will be if you
fix $3,000. No man can stay here and support
his family on that salary; and instead of attend-
ing to the public business they will turn rogues if
they stay here at all, and have to steal for a living
That will be the result of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 20, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Chandler, Claik,
Cowan, Davj*:, Foot,Fo&ter, Hale, Harlan, Lane oi Kansas,
Morgan, Ramsey, Riddle, Sheiman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Truiubul], Wade, anil Wilkinson—20.
NAYS—Mesais. Anthony, Conness, Dixon, Dooiittlo,
Grimes, Harding, Harris, Henderson, Hemlncks, Howe,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Morrill, Pomeroy, Powell,
Sprague, Wilson, and Wiight—W,
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like now to hear
the whole read with the lines preceding, to see
how it looks on the face of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The previous part
of the bill will be read, together with the amend-
ment as it now stands.
The Secretary read as follows, commencing at
line sixty-eight:
For compensation of the surveyor general of Arizona and
the cieiks in his office, $4,"350.
That after the close of thepiesent fiscal yeai the salaries
of each ofthe Assistant Secretaues of the several Depart-
ments shall be $3,000 per annum.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move, if it be in order,
to strike out " $3,000" and insert ''$4,000."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatisnotin order.
The Senate have just agreed to the amendment m
this precise form. The question is on the amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. HALE. A verbal amendment is neces-
sary. The word " and" should be inserted before
the word " that."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be added
if there be no objection. It can only be done
by the unanimous consent of the Senate. The
word " and" will be inserted preceding the word
(t that."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Mcspis. Buckalew, Carlile, Chandler, Cowan,
Davis, Foot, Hale, Harding, Harlan, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mor-
gan, Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright—25.
NAYS—-Messrs. Clark, Conness, Dixon, Doohttle, Fes-
semkn, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Howe, Johnson, Mornll,
Pomeroy, Powell, Sprague, and Wilson—lo.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to offer the following
amendment, to come in after line one hundred and
ninety-nine:
For rebuilding light-house at Cape Charles, Virginia,
$00,000. 6 '
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does that come from the
Committee on Commerce?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; and is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Light-House Board. Itisalight-house which was
destroyed by the rebels in August last, and it is
very important that the appropriation should be
made now.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to insert at the end of
the two hundred and sixth line:
Provided, however. That no money shall be paid under
this item of appropiiation except lor deficiencies actually
existing upon contracts made by the Navy Department.
The clause to be amended is as follows:
To supply a deficiency in the appiopriation for ordnance,
ordnance stores, labor, and contingent expenses in the Bu-
reau of Oidn.mceofthe NavyDepaitmcnt,$2,740,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable member
permit me to ask him why it is necessary to in-
sert this proviso? What other deficiencies are
there ?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know that there are
any. The purpose is to have the intention of Con-
gress carried out in the expenditure ofthe money,
that it shall apply to deficiencies alone, and not
apply to anything except deficiencies. I will only
say to the Senator that I seek to apply to that De-
partment with which I have had some connection
and in which I feel gteat interest, the same rule
that I would seek to apply to every other Depart-
ment if I had control.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not object to the rule.
I only wanted to know why it was necessary here;
whether that would not be the case if the bill passes
without the proviso. I ask merely for informa-
tion.
Mr. GRIMES. It will only be a reminder to
the Department that that is the principle on which
a deficiency bill is passed, and I would apply it to
all the Departments if I was connected with them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library to oiler an amendment to
come in after line two hundred and twenty-eight:
To enable the Libiarian of Congie-s to employ an addi-
tional laborer from the 1st of February to the end of the
current fiscal year, $^08.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I offer the following amendment
to come in after the appropriation for adeficiency
in the contingent fund of the Senate:
Provided, That hereafter no payment •diall be made fiom
the contingent tund of«. itiicr Ilmw of Congre-s unices the
amount is fixed by law or the account i« pnwmusly exam-
ined and approved by the appropriate committee; nor
shall any payment evu be made except out oi the fund
particulnily uppiopriatcd lor (ho pmpose; and no transfer
of balances shall be made liom one lund to another.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I would suggest by common
consent that the amendment adopted on the mo-
tion of the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hall:] in regard to the salaries of the
Assistant Secretaries be placed in some other part
of the bill than where it stands. It now has an
exceedingly awkward look. 1 am not prepared
to say where it should go; but certainly it should
be placed somewhere where it will not look quite
like such awkward legislation.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can be placed at the end
of the second suction with great propriety.
Mr. FOSTER. As it now stands it will have
as ungainly a look as anything could have in any
bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Are we still m Committee
of the Whole or in the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. In committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The second section pro-
vides for another Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and I think the clause might be added there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to placing it there?
Mr. HALE. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so placed.
Mr. HALE. I desire to call the"attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance for a
single moment to a provision in this bill; and
to make myself understood I will move to strike
out the eighty-eighth, eighty-ninth,and ninetieth
lines. I do it because I want an explanation
from the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
and if that shall be satisfactory, I shall withdraw
the motion. Those lines are in these "words:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for contin-
gent expenses of the Naval Academy, $38,000.
I will state my reasons for making the motion,
and if the chairman of the Committee on Finance
will give a satisfactory reason for the appropria-
tion, of coursfe I will withdraw it. The last Con-
gress made this provision by law:
"That the students at the Naval Academy shall be styled
midshipmen until then final graduating examination,when,
if successful, they shall be commissioned ensigns, tanking
according to merit. The number allowed at the Academy
shall be two for every member and delegate ofthe Houscof
Representatives, two for the District of Columbia, and ten
at large. They shall be between the ages of fourteen and
seventeen, physically sound, well formed, and of robust
constitution."
That fixes the numbers, two for every delegate
and member, two for the District of Columbia,
and ten at large. In another clause of another
section it was provided that there should be ten
chosen from the sons of sailors or soldiers or offi-
cers. The Secretary of the Navy construed that
to be ten in addition to the ten at large. The un-
derstanding of the Senate was that they were the
ten at large; but that is a trifling difference. Not-
withstanding this express provision of the law
limiting the number to two for every member and
delegate, the Secretary of the Navy went on and
appointed two for every congressional district in
all the seceded States, or nearly that. He went
upon that basis. I do not know that he filled
them up to that extent.
The subject was brought to the attention ofthe
Senate and it was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. They investigated Jt and made a
unanimous report to the Senate, and the Senate
unanimously affirmed the construction which the
committee put upon the law; and that was that
the Secretary of the Navy in making these ap-
pointments was limited to two for every member
and Delegate, and ten at large, and two for the
District of Columbia. Notwithstanding that law,
he went on and filled up the Academy upon the
basis, as I said, that ho had a right to appoint not
only two for every actual member and for every
Delegate, but two for every district in all the se-
ceded States. The Senate, by a unanimous vote,
voted that that construction of the law was wrong.
Notwithstanding that vote, notwithstanding the
very clear provisions of the act of Congress, clear
and unmistakable as human language could make
it, and the unanimous judgment of the Senate
that the law was what it purports to be, the Sec-
retary tells us this year in his report that he has
gone on and repeated the same thing over again,
and appointed I do not know how many, but upon
the basis of two for every district, if in doing
that he has created a deficiency, I am unwilling
to vote to pay it. I am willing to vote every de-
ficiency that is wanted to carry out the existing
law; but when the Secretary comes in and under-
takes to construe the law over our heads, a very
simple and plain law, and thereby creates a de-
ficiency, I am not willing to make it up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will read the items of
the estimate:
" For rent of building for the Naval Academy, for mate*
naK, forlightingtbe Academy and schodl-siiips, for the pur-
chase of stationery, blank-books, copies, and models, for
ruling and printing blank forms, &c.,and purchase of stedm
maciunciy, &c., and for currcnt expenses and repairs of
all kinds, .$38,000."
That is the estimate.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the motion then. I
will not press it here, but I shall call the atten-
tion ofthe Senate to this subject hereafter.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In accordance with
the almost uniform practice of the Senate, the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole
will bo read, and all will be regarded as agreed
to except those upon which separate votes may
be requested. The first amendment will be read.
It is a long amendment, striking out the first
clause of the bill and adding to the latter part of
the bill the same in substance, only changing its
phraseology.
