1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tunneled, the only remaining tunnels will be at the Cabinet,
three hundred yards> in length, fifty per coat, in basaltic trap,
and Cape Horn, revert hundred feet in length. By tln^ route
the distance to Olympia from St. Paurwill be two thou-
sand and forty mile*-, itgain^t one thousand s-even hundred
and s-ixty-four miles, the distance to Seattle by the route of
the tunnels.
"From the great plain of the Columbia, the distance, via
"the Snoqualrrire to Seattle, is one bundled ami fifty-
five miles less than by the Columbia and Cowlitz river.*..
i( In both my preliminary report of 1854 and my final re-
port of Jbo9, I recommended that from some point in the
general vicinity ot the mouth of Snake nver there should
be two branches, one to Seattle, oil Pujjet sound, actoss
the Snoqualtme pa&s, and the other down the Columbia
liver to Vancouver."
Captain Mullan says:
" Those who have carefully read the foregoing pages will
not fail to reniaikthat we discover a climate, vja the Hell
Gate and Clark's fotk route, so mild and favorable to
winter travel that a meteorological paiadox would seem
to hold m tins especial quarter. I have noticed this so
often, and so often taken advantage of it, that I have been
disposed to regard the question or syiow in this quarter as
the nli-detei mining element in the location of a Pacific
raHioad northward through the Rocky mountain section.
"My own idea,therclore, if the line ftom St. Paul^, Min-
nesota, is to be built, would be, when it had reached the
plains nojtb ot Fort Benton, that it should hug the Mis-
souri cloudy b> the blutiV to as noiih, and thence follow
the general line of the uver to the Thiee Forks, thence
follow up the valley of the Jefferson fork and ciosw the
main range of the Rocky mountain-* to the DeerLo<l<re val-
ley, and thence tollovv the Hell Gate to the llell Gate
ronde; here cross over to the Clark's fork via the Jocko
rivei, and follow down lias toik on its light bank to the
lower end of the Pen dd'Oredie lake; thencc to the Spokane,
and thence to the mouth of Snake i ivei; from thence down
the Columbia to the mouth of tit.- Cowlitz, \\ h«-nee a btancli
line can ea?ily be adjusted to Puget sound. This line, by
the dnection herein given, would be one thousand nine
hundred and eighty four miles long, and say three bundled
miles longer than the route proposed by Coventor Stevens;
but when it is remembered that the route I heie propose
invoices no tunnels; that it follows a continuous line of
water courses ; that it w il n> vcr be ohUnuteJ by sjiow, so
calculated to lengthen the tune ol buildiuir, and to increase
the difficulties ol running it when built; that it ttaveiser* a
region capable of settlement; that it tap-s all the mining
regions wheie way tiavel is destined to bo built up, and,
moreover, passes along the navigable stretches ol the Mis-
souii. Clark's (oik,and Columbia rivers,essential and eco-
nomical aids m the first construction of the road, truly it
seems not too much to say that thh line may be jegaided
as subsetving moie advantages than any yet examined in
the Rocky mountains nouh of the forty-second degree ol
noitiie.rn latitude."
But still another route, free from tunnels, and
shorter than either of those just mentioned, has
been suggested by Captain Fiske. I Lis not to be
found in his late report; but in a conversation
with him a few days since he recommended the
following to me: crossing the Missouri at oid
itee village, or mouth of Grand river, thence west
to a crossing of the Yellow Stone at or near the
mouth of Big Horn, thence up the Yellow Stone
to the three forks of the Missouri, thence westerly
through the Big Hole passes of the Rocky mount-
ains, striking out to Snake river, and along un-
der the foot hills of Snake and main Columbia
rivers to the Dalles in Oregon, and from this point
via Vancouver to Puget sound, or direct to Port-
land. in tracing this line on the map you will
find it not to vary but a few miles from the forty-
sixth parallel tiie whole distance. This route,
it is thought, would be much nearer than any
other, and the facilities for building far superiui;
and it would pass through one of the most im-
portant mineral regions m the country. Com-
mencing at the Yellow Stone river, longitude
106°, or thereabouts, for a distance of six hun-
dred miles, you traverse the Big Horn mines, Bea-
ver Head mines, Snake river, and Boise, Salmon
river, Powder river, and other mines, which, at
the present time, employ a population of about
eighty thousand; and judging from the increase
within the last year, that number wiii be more than
doubled within the next twelve months. As an in-
stance of the almost incredible emigration to these
localities, I understand that at the Boise mines in
1863 the number employed did not exceed eight
hundred, while at the present time it isestimated
there can be not less than twenty thousand. At
Beaver Head mines, Idaho, or rather in Mon-
tana, there were no white inhabitants in 1862, but
in 1863 there was a population of one thousand,
and in 18G4 not less than twenty-five thousand.
But suppose tills route should not be adopted
by the managers of the Northern Pacific, and that
there were no other to he taken hut the one first
mentioned, requiring long tunnels; this would
not deter in the least those who are enlisted in the ]
great woik. it would not even then be so ex-
pensive or attended with so many practical diffi-
culties as the Central road in crossing the Sierra
|j Nevada mountains. The deep and long-extended
i cutsthrojgh these mountains will make this, per-
haps, the most expensive structure in the woild;
but for all this our Government has enlisted in
the work, and no aid should be withheld that is
necessary to insure its completion.
Is this road important? Is it worthy the at-
tention of this Congress? It is not credible that
at this late day any argument can be needed to
show either the importance or necessity of this
northern communication with the Pacific. What
is the extent of territory proposed to be opened
by the various roads between the Missouri river
and the Pacific? More than one million square
miles, and extending from the thirty-second to
the forty-ninth degrees of latitude—large enough
for thirty States like Ohio. In the absence of all
knowledge of the resources of this country, the
simple statementof so vast an area of unimproved
land would of itself preclude the idea that itcould
be too unimportant to attract public attention and
interest, unless one adopts the theory that the
Almighty created so large a part of the western
world for naught. Happily we are not obliged
to rest on the blind faith that nothing is created
in vain to be satisfied that this territory was made
for the abode of man, and not only so, but that it
is full of wealth and capabilities, inviting the en-
terprise of the world. All those who have sur-
veyed this route concur in saying that the land is
cultivable nearly the whole distance. Mr. Ste-
vens hays:
In my judgment, the time will come xvben there will
be ugiieultinai settlements throughout the wtsole extent ol
tlii- countiy, from the Mi^M^ippi to the shore:- of the Pa-
cific. Mtnply excepting 1 nnied extents of countiy along the
higher part ot the mountain chain-, and m some of the
prairie legions, lo be releircd to mine particularly here-
aitei. As illustrative o! the capacity of thisoouniry, I beg
to l'efei to a few lacts. The Indians ol Washington Tern-
tory and Oregon, east of the Ca-eade mountain*, are nch
in ii<me  and cattle, the foiinei ol winch have been mtio-
duced within a bundled, and ihe lattci within ilnrtv veais.
Their wealth peihaps not equaled by any civilized com -
m unity on this contment. J ml nuis among those ti ibes own
from one to (our thousand head of hordes and cattle each
The Spokanes and Flathead nation have many horses and
cattle, winch lange the winter long without fodder, and, as.
I know from personal observation, they do not sin ink away
but verv little in flesh. Never have I seen fuiierbeet than
the Indian cattle, m the Walla Walla, in Januaiy. At
fort Denton and Koit Union, where there are large num-
bers ot horses and cattle, they retain their flesh all winter
without fodder.
•k The ratlioad line could be laid over the great plain ot
the Columbia so an to p,t-s ovei a continuous cultivable
countiy to the Columbia, except tot a few miles; but to
cios< north of the mouth ol the Snake uver, which is de-
sirable to avoid detoui, it will piss over .rtiout fiiiy miles
of countiy not adapted to continuous cultivation, and liav-
ing the Kcn"ial chaiaeteri-stics of the wc-fem half of ihe
gieat plain already descubed.' 1 will estimate that tbete
are fifty miles of uncnltivable countiy between the mam
Columbia and I'uget sound, though it is a large climate,
in the whole distance fioin Hieckiniidgo to Seattle, a dis-
tance ol liUeen bundled and foriy-loui miles, the route
passes through only about thiee bundled and twenty miles
of uncultivable country. Jia&t ot BtecUimidge, to St.
Paul and Laki Superset, the country is exceedingly lich
and inviting to the settler."
If for no other purpose, this road would be an
economical expenditure of the public money to
open up for settlement the cultivable hind along
its lino. A mere glance at the development of
agricultural lands, within the last ten years, in
our western States, is sufficient to prove the im-
portance and direct agency of railroads in bring-
ing into use unimproved land. Look at the so-
called "food-exporting States," and account, if
you can, for the immense increase of area ofli im-
proved" land, since 1850, upon any other ground
than the extension of railroads through them.
The statement of a few facts demonstrates this
position and leaves all argument unnecessary. In
1850 the quantity of cultivated land m those States,
t'> wit, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wis-
consin, Minnesota, Iowa, and Missouri, was
26,680,361 acres, while in 3860 it was 51,826,395
acres, very neaily doubling in that short tune.
Now, when I state the additional fact that during
that time, in those States, there were built 11,212
miles of railway, to connect them with the sea-
boaid, and thus find a market for their products,
can it be doubted, is it not demonstrated, that this
almost inciedible increase of their improved land
was the direct lesult of the construction of those
roads? During the iast decade 22,607 miles of
railway were built in the United States, one half
of which, as will be peiceived by the abovestate-
ment, was in those States, and no other portion
of the country holds any parallel with them for
increase of improved land. Fertility of soil art#
quantify of>ropsare comparatively unimportant,
unless faeiluiesfor suitable mat ketsare furnished!;
Airnin, railroads increase the population of the
territory over which they pass, not only by theemi*
gratton of people from other States in the Unions
but it is plain IrOm the data which we have thsifc
they directly encourage foreign immigration. The
whole number of emigrants that arrived in- this
country hetweqp 1823 and 1860*(forty years) whs
5,002,414, and of this number more than one halff
to wit, 3,707,624, came between 1850 and 18$);
and during that time more than two thirds of aft
our railroads in this country weie built. Before
the commencement of our railroad system foreign
immigration was very small, compared with what
it has been since, and seems to havd increased ill
proportion as we have extended ihesystem. Far
example: from 3820 to 1830 it was 244,490; from
1830 to 1840,552,000; from 1840 ro 1850,1,558,300|
and ftom 1850 to 1860,2,707,624. in all the yearlr
previous to 1850 only 8,589 miles of road, while
since that 22,607 of road have been built in thte
country. If the increase of foreign immigration
is not attributable to the increase of our railroads,
by furnishing an increased demand for their la*'
bor, and at the same time openingnewcommuni*-
cations with lands upon which they could make
homes for themselves and their families, I am un^
able to assign any reason for it, and will leavtf
others to explain. To take the place of the tfiillion# '
who must be either disabled for work, or swept
from the face of the earth by the war, we need
and must have the aid of those from foreign lands;
and I am glad to seethe initiation of a movement
to encourage immigration made not only by the
General Government, but by the States in their
legislative rapacity, foiemost of which in that
direction 1 am proud to see the State of Maine.
Let it be known that our Government has taken
hold in earnest of this greatest project of the day,
the opening a communication with the Pacific by
railroads, and developing the agricultural and min-
eral resources of that gieat interior, and there wiH
be such a response from the Old World as will
once preclude all fears that the places of the brave
men whom God, in His providence, has permitted
to fall by the scourge of war, may not, in num-
bers at least, be soon filled.
Permit me in this connection to call your at-
tention to the fact of the great increase of wealth
over that of population in this country within
the last ten years, and to submit the question
whether it is not attributable in a great degree to
our extended and enlarged system of railroads.
From 1850 to 1860 our population increased from
23,101,876 to 31,445,080, while the increase of the
assessed valu^ of property during that time was
from $7,135,780,228 to $16,159,616,068, and leav-
ing out of this estimate the assessed value ofslaves,
amounting in 1860 to $1,936,000,000, we find the
inciease of property to be one hundred and thirty,
per cent., and that of population to be thirty-five
per cent. Mr. Haggles, of New York, who is*
without doubt, as competent to speak on such
subjects as any man in the country, says:
<k fn seeking for the cause of this discrepancy (increa^d.
of wealth overpopulation) we bhall jeaeh n fundamental,
and all-important fact which will lurnis-h the key to the.
past and to the lutme progress of the United States. It Of
the powei they possess, by Means ot canals and railways
to pi acticaily abolish the distance between the seaboard ana
the wide-spread and fertile regions ot the interior, thereby
removing the clog on their agricultural industry, and vtr*
tudily placing them side by side with the communities on
the Atlantic."
The region of country to be traversed by this
and the Central road is undoubtedly the moat ex-
tensive and richest gold-bearing territory in tbe
woild; and if the hand of God can be discerned
anywhere in this day of war and impending de*
struction of our stability as a Government, the
deiangement of currency and breaking down all
sound financial relations, it is pointing to this land
within ourown borders, as ample in resources to.
meet any future emergencies occasioned by the
enormous expendituie of the public wealth to meet
the necessities of the present, if I were called
upon to suggest a way to meet our present finan-=
cn l difficulties, and to provide for the immense-
debt that must be entailed on us as a people by the
war, 1 would say, for the first,tax, tax promptly,
tax judiciously the property of the country; and
for the second, open up communication with the
gold region of the Northwest, abandon the present
