*656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15.
Mr, "WILSON. We have heard all those
-amendments read. I do not think it necessary to
a-ead them again. I think we may take the vote on
•them together, unless a separate vote is demanded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If that be the
jsense of the Senate they will be all taken together
without reading, except such questions as any
Senator may .desire a separate vote on.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that that long amend-
ment, including quartermaster's .supplies, be re-
served for a separate vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to reserve the one
in relation to the salaries of the Assistant Secre-
taries, simply to take the sense of the Senate
whether we will not say $3,500 instead of $3,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be re-
served. All the other amendments will be re-
garded as concurred in. The first amendment
upon*which a separate vote is asked will be read.
The Secretary read it: £o insert after line sev-
enty-eight the following clauses:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the pur-
chase and manufacture of arms for volunteers and regulars,
ordnance and ordnance stores, $7,700,000.
To supply a deficiency In the appropriation for the man-
ufacture of arm** at the national armories, $700,000.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the Sur-
geon General's department, namely:
For medical instruments and dressings, $1,300,000.
Far hospital stores, bedding, &.C., $1,200,000.
For hospital fuinltuie and held equipments, $300,000.
For books, stationery, and printing, $36,000.
For ice, fruits, and other comforts, $100,000.
For hospital clothing, $10,000.
For citixen nurses, $38,000.
for sick soldiers in private hospitals, $17,000.
For artificial limbs for soldiers and seamen, $16,000.
For citizen physicians, and medicines furnlbhed by {hem,
$185,000.
For lilre of clerks ajid laborers in purveying depots,
$25,000.
For contingent expenses of the medical department,
$5,000.
For medicines and medical attendance for negro refu-
gees, commonly called "contrabands,1"$33,000.
For washing and vvashing-machim's for hospitals where
matrons cannot he employed, $1,01)0.
To supply a deficiency in the appiopri.ition fortho sub'
Science oi the Army, namely:
For volunteer-, and dialled men, $o,tt2i,000.
For employes, $010,640.
For women, $218,400.
j To supply a deficiency In the appropriation for the engi-
flneer department, for contingonciesoftoiUiioationsi, includ-
ing field- works, $500,000.
To supply n deficiency in the appropriation for the quar-
termaster's department, namely:
For purchase of cavalry and artillery horses,$17,500,000.
For regular supplies of the quartenuasterV department,
$18,500,000.
For barracks, quarters, See., $3,500,000.
For transportation of the Ai my, $30,000,000.
Foi incidental expenses ol the quartennastei's depart-
ment, $2,000,000.
For ti asportation ofofheer*!' baggage, $100,000.
For clothing, camp and gauison equipage, $7,000,000.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the Ad-
jutant Gon<kral'g department, for the purchase of books of
tactics, $25,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. When this subject was up
on Friday, it will bo remembered that there wna n
difference of opinion between the Senator from
Maine and myself in regard to the mode in which
this deficiency wan made up. lie stated to the
Senate very positively that this deficiency was
caused by the recent proclamation of the Presi-
dent. Nut having read the papers at that time,
I could only give my impression that such a defi-
ciency could not arise out of that call, and I so
stated. Since that time we have had the estimates
on which these additional appropriations are
based printed, and they are now on our tables.
It seems from these estimates that much the
larger portion of these deficiencies are old defi-
ciencies growing out of the ordinary course of
the service, and not in any way connected with
the recent proclamation of the Piesident. Fifty-
five million dollars out of $78,000,000 are on old
items of appropiiation. This shows the import-
ance of the rule of which I spoke on that occa-
sion. There was no reason in the world why
these estimates should not have been submitted
at the beginning of the session, and have gone to
the House of Representatives, and have come to
us in the regular way. They were withheld until
last week, after the bill was considered in the
Committee on Finance, after the bill had passed
the House of Representatives, and are only in-
troduced now in the form of amendment from the
Finance Committee after it had reported the bill.
There ought to be some way to correct this mode
of estimating. The basis of these amendments
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] was
very inquisitive about. He can find the basis of
the estimates if he will read this paper. The
Quartermaster General finds that there was
$254,000,000 appropriated for his department.
He finds that the monthly expenditure was so
much, and that therefore he will want a certain
amount upon the basis of the expenditure. No
other items are given. Two hundred an<i fifty-
four million dollars was appropriated fors. year;
and he finds on hand on the Istof February, 1864,
but $73,000,000, showing a monthly expenditure
of something like twenty-five million dollars, and
he therefore wants a certain amount in order to
carry him to the end of the fiscal year on the
.same basis of expenditure. These bases of esti-
mate could have been submitted to us on the 1st
of December just as well as on the 1st of Febru-
ary. There is no reason for the delay.
1 say therefore that there ought to be some mode
devised to compel these officers to submit their
estimates in the regular way, so that they may
come to us through the regular channel, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. If it were not for the
existence of the war, 1 should oppose this whole
appropriation and seek to compel these officers to
go through the regular channel of communica-
tion. There is nothing on the face of this paper
to show that these estimates have ever been sub-
mitted to the Secretary of War. I am one of those
who believe that the Secretary of War is one of
the ablest and one of the best officers of this Gov-
ernment. I believe he has done more to ferret out
and punish fraud in the various branches of his
Department than any other officer. He is rough,
I know, and sometimes rude to those with whom
he is brought in business relations; but, so far as
1 know, he has been uniformly honest and cor-
rect, and strict in his surveillance over all the offi-
cers of his Depaitment. There isnothingtoshow
that these estimates came even from the Secretary
of War.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Can my friend say that,
when 1 had the letter of the Secretary of War
read to the Senate urging these very estimates
which he transmitted?
Mr. SHERMAN. I say there is nothing here
on the face of the paper showing that it comes
from him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not have his letter
printed with the estimates because ithad been al-
ready read to the Senate and printed in the debates.
I had simply the detailed estimate printed; that is
all; but here is i he letter of the Secretary of War.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the date of that
letter ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. February 11,1864;trans-
mitting these very papers, and urging that the ap-
propriations be made according to the estimates.
Of course we should never have acted, and the
Senator would not as a member of the Committee
on Finance, upon simply an estimate from the
bureau without, its coming with the indorsement
of the head of the Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it seems that on the
Uth of February the Secretary of War transmit-
ted these estimates, but why could they not have
come to us through the regular channel? As I
said before, I will not in time of war resist these
appropiuitions; bat if it was an ordinary time I
would, simply because the oidinary checks are
not thrown around these estimates. They are
not submitted to us in the proper way, and in the
mode contemplated by law. As I said before, I
do not believe the Secretary of War would author-
ize or permit m his Department any improper ex-
penditures. lie is watchful, 1 think strict, and
in several cases has inflicted severe and, no doubt,
deserved punishment on those guilty of improper
practices in the disbursement of money. I have
no complaint to make of him except that this
mode of submitting estimates to us is not, cer-
tainly, the proper one, and in ordinary times I
would insist that they should be rejected until
they came to us through the proper channel.
Take the estimate for the bureau of the Sur-
geon General. A year ago we appropriated money
for this Department upon the basis of one million
of men. A carefully-prepared estimate was made
by Surgeon General Ilammond showing that
seven dollars per man was required to provide
the necessary surgery and medicine for an army.
Seven dollars a man was more than was provided in
any other service. lie went on to give the reasons
why in our service a great deal more was required,
and upon what basis we made an appropriation
of §7,000,000. It has been exhausted, or nearly
so, and the additional appropriation made by this
amendment is $3,379,000. I do not see how we
can check this expenditure, because the mode and
manner in which the estimates are submitted to
us do not give us the necessary details.
We are told so much is required for bedding
and hospital stores—§1,210,000 deficiency esti-
mated for this and that; but the way in which
these deficiencies are arrived at is by taking the
amount that has been expended up say to the 1st
of February, divided by the number of months,
and then making an estimate upon the same basis
for future expenditure. There is no other mode
adopted by them, and perhaps none other neces-
sary; but this same mode of estimate might have
been adopted just as well at the beginning of the
session as at this present time.
1 make these remarks merely to correct the
misapprehension into which the Senator from
Maine evidently fell the other day, that this all
grew out of the proclamation of the President,
while only a small portion of it comparatively
grows out of that, and also to say a word at least
of disapprobation as to the mode of submitting
to us estimates for such large deficiencies. ,
The amendment was concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was to insert at
the end of section two the following:
And that after the close of the present fiscal year the sal-
ary of each of the Assistant Secretaires of the several De-
partments shall be $3,000 per annum.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to take the sense
of the Senate, without saying a word about it,
whether we will insert "five hundred " after
** three thousand,"so as to let them all stand alike
at $3,500.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is done, I appre-
hend it increases an appropriation, and I submit
to the chairman of the committee if that amend-
ment can properly come unless from a committee.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. It is a distinct question
of legislation. It does not appropriate anything.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If you add $500 to each
salary, it will be necessary to increase the appro-
priation, and I should like to know from the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin what the increase will be.
How many Assistant Secretaries are there? It
will certainly add several thousand dollars. There
are several Assistant Postmasters General, I
think.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It does not appropriate a
cent. The amendmentof the Senator from New
Hampshire was made providing that after the end
of this fiscal year the salaries shall be fixed at a
given sum, but it does not appropriate a dollar,
and in fact it has reduced the salary of two, as I
understand. As there is a general desire to put
them on a footing of equality, this would fix their
salaries, not appropriating a dollar, at $3,500. It
certainly is not, out of order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
President rule on the point of order raised by the
Senator from Illinois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the impression
of the Chair, the amendment is in order. The
question is on the amendmentof the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN called fortheyeasandnays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it is competent
to amend that amendmcntunder the ruling of the
Chair, so as to propose that the salaiies of other
persons in the Govenm.ont be raised also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Notinthis stage,
because this is an amendment to an amendment,
and it is not amendable in the third degree.
The yeas and yeas being taken, resulted—yea?
19, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs-. Anthonv, Buekalew, Cowan, DoolittJe,
Foot, Harding, Ilendcison, flenducks, Howe, John-
son, Lane or Indiana, Moigan, Powell, Ramsey, Sumner.
Ten tfvck, Willoy, and Wuuht—19.
N'AYS—Mes- i-. Claik, Divm, Fe&sendcn, Foster,
Gnmes, Hale, Ilarlan, Howaid. Mori ill, Pomeioy, Sher-
man, Spiague, Ttumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—17. '
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole as amended. ^
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move that the salary of
