74
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
[March 5,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Voorhees.
Ho. of Heps.
potismdare to say that I shall not pronounce the
name of Vallandigham ? The scandal and stigma
of his condemnation and banishment have filled
the civilized world; and the lethean and obliv-
ious waves of a thousand years will not wash
away the shame and reproach of that miserable
scene front the American name. Some members
on the other side <?f this Chamber have attacked
with fierce clamor the great American statesman
and the Christian gentleman who suffers Ins exile
in the cause of iibevty on a foreign soil. So the
basestcur that ever kenneled may bay at the bid-
ding of his master the caged lion in the distance.
Protract this iniquity, this crime, as long as you
will, however, the judgment of history will at last
overwhelm you with an insufferable odium, as
certainly as the streams of truth emanate from be-
neath the great white throne of God. Si Establish
justice!" " Secure the blessings of liberty!" Oh!
bitter mockery. Justice has been dethroned,and
the blessings of liberty annihilated. There is not
one square mile of free soil in the American Re-
public. It is slave territory from the Aroostook
to the Columbia. Every man in all that vast ex-
panse may bo reduced in an instant to hopeless
bondage, every home may be broken open and
pillaged, every dollar's worth of property may be
swept into that yawning and bottomless gulf, the
national Tieasury; and all under the sanction of
the principles and practices daily exemplified by
the Administration which now hurls us on to ruin.
But the u domestic tranquillity," hasit been in-
sured? When the present party came into power
the road to an honorable pence on the basis of
the Union was still open. Before the inaugura-
tion of Mr. Lincoln his friends and supporters held
the issues of life and death, peace and war in their
hands in this Capitol. The records of the last
session of theThirty-Sixth Congress are immor-
tal. They cannot perish; and as the woes and
calamities of the people thicken and magnify by
the frightful war in which we are engaged, they
increase in value to posterity more rapidly than
the leaves of the sibylline hook. The baleful
brood of political destructionists, who now un-
happily possess the high seats of national author-
ity, did not then want public tranquillity. They
invoked the stoim which has since rained blood
upon the land. They courted the whirlwind
which bus prostrated the progress of a century in
rums. They danced with a hellish glee around
the bubbling caldron of civil war, and welcomed
willi fetocious joy every hurtful mischief which
flickered in its lurid and infernal flames. Com-
promise, which has its origin in the love and
mercy of God; which made peace and ratified the
treaty on Calvary between Heaven and the re-
volted and rebellious earth; winch is the funda-
mental basis of all human association, and by
which all Governmentsihe worldeverknew have
been created and upheld; compromise, which
fools pronounce a treasonable word, and skillful
knaves cover with leproach, because they are en-
riching themselves at the expense of the national
sorrow and blood, was discarded by the North
and occupied by the South when offered by Mr.
Crittenden. By it domestic tranquillity could have
been insined. But an ulterior and destructive
spirit ruled the hour and flooded the nation with
misery. And since the breaking up of the fount-
ains of the great deep who of'this parly have
labored tot! anquilhze our disordered a flairs? Who
has endeavored, m the name of Chi ist and by the
omnipotent powvr of the principles which Fie h-ft
His Father's throne to proclaim, and for wln< h
He drank ! he wormwood and the gall on the cross,
to expel the ciucl and ferocious demon of eml
war that has howled so fiercely for the last three
years among the tombs of our young and heroic
deadr Not one, sir; notone. Wise and Chris-
tian measures, looking to reconciliation and peace
and Union, have been repeatedly spurned by the
Executive and this legislative department which
he holds in duress.
At no distant day, when the horror of this war
can no longer be borne, the various propositions
which have been nude and rejected in behalf of
enlightened negotiation and a constitutional res-
toration will be^atheied up and bulled at tho-3c
in power as an accusation more appalling, an in-
dictment moie damning, than was ever leveled
ugainsta murderer upon his trial. Nor can they,
in that hour of their fear and calamity at which
the righteous world will laugh and mock, hide
their guilty heads under the assertion that the
South will not treat for peace; yes, peace which
shall restore the Union under the Constitution as
it was written by the fathers, and as it has been
interpreted by the supreme judicial tribunals.
Why camc that wasted figure, that gifted child of
genius, the pure and elevated Stephens, of Geor-
gia, from Richmond on his way to this capital in
the midsummer of 1863 ? Was it a trifling cause
that moved him? AH the world knows that his
judgment and his heart clung fondly and to the
last to the old Government, in whose councils he
had won so much honor. It is equally well
known that he has never embtaced the suicidal
doctrine of State secession. The right of revo-
lution is the ground upon which he stands. The
malignant portion of the southern press, too, such
mischievous and damaging prints as the Exam-
iner and Enquiier at Richmond and the Register
at Mobile, who continually cripple the interests
and friends of humanity in this baleful contest,
assailed Mr. Stephens for his attempt at negotia-
tion, which they averted would lead to reunion.
Yet, with these things well known, and peihaps
much more which now slumbers in the secret
drawers of the Executive, this great messenger
of pcace, this most acceptable mediator between
an estranged and misled people, was denied a
hearing, turned back in silence, and the festival
of death commanded to proceed. The book of
time, in all its ample folds, contains no more in-
human or revolting spectacle. Those who love
war for the mere sake of war, when the same
objccts can be better attained by the gentle and
holy influences of peace, are monsters of such
frightful depravity that the blackest of those mur-
dering ministers44 who in their sightless substance
wait on nature's mischief" appear as angels of
light and benevolence in the comparison.
Sir, I will not iieie pause to dwell in detail on
the usages of civilized nations in conducting civ-
ilized warfare. But I challenge history, that" rev-
erend chronicler of the grave," whether in its
sacred or profane records, to produce a parallel to
the spirit and temper with which the party now
in power has conducted the awful struggle in
which we are engaged. Commence at the early
daybreak of the woild, traveise ail time,and ex-
plore all space,grope your way among the vast
hecatombs of all former wars, examine the gory
stains of eveiy battle-plain, ran.sack the aichives
of kings, e'abinets, and councils, and no instance,
not one, can bo found where a people claiming
Christian civilization has waged a war ofany kind
against u foe in dumb, ferocious silence, without
a word, a sign, or a look in behalf of a peaceful
solution as long as we have now been engaged in
this cruel conflict. " Blessed are the peace-mak-
ers" was not spoken for the pie.sent administra-
tors of A nun icannfiairs. They spmn the examples
and teachings of all Clnistiau ages and enlight-
ened people. They di ink not from the benevolent
fountains whoco wateis were unhealed to gladden
and refresh the earth I y (he divine Nozaiene on
the Mount of Olives. They lave their lips, rather,
in a stream whose waves, more putrid than the
river of Egypt when smitten by the rod ofMoses,
taint the air with pestilence and calamity. Nor
aie they wholly without modelsin the past. The
boundaries of civilization it is true, as 1 have
stated, are barren of any precedents fortheir con-
duct, but the daik icgions of barbarism furnish
here and there a ghastly and horrible example of
fury, hate, and revenge, which is now followed
by the Executive and his paitisan supporters.
Demons have occasionally, in the mysterious
providence of God, visited the earth in the guise
of men, to prey upon the human species from the
mere love of slaughter and misery. Alaric, the
Gothic monster, never treated with his enemies,
never negotiated for a peace. The dying groan
of a soldier on the field, the bitter wail of the
widow and the choking sob of the oiphan at home
were equally music in his ear. A tula, the fierce
ffun, known to history as " the scourge of God,"
neither sent nor received commissioners to discuss
ami allay the causes of war. lie panned upon
his banners the sword, and the sword alone, and
proclaimed that by that sign, and it alone, he
would conqucr. Genghis Khan and Tamerlane,
preserved by the pen of the historian for universal
execration, found no pursuit so pleasant as call-
ing for more men, more men, more men for the
harvest of death, and, likeour present Executive,
snuffing with jests and nbaldry thewaim taint of
blood on every gale * The patriots who surrounded
these barbarian chiefs spurned with eager indig-
nation all proffers of mediation, all efforts at com-
promise, all talk of negotiation, just as do now
the patriots who are seated on the west side of
this Chamber, and who pay court for conti acts at
the west end of theavenue. Nor did Hyder Ali,
that more modern incarnation of unconditional ex-
terminating war, regard with favor the sugges-
tions of peace, when pausing for a moment like a
cloud of wrath on the brow of the mountain he
swept down over the plains of the Carnatic, and
smote them with blasts of fire, with indiscrimin-
ate woe.
Sir, these are your examples. These are they
who never said conciliate,but always said crush;
who never said harmonize, but who always said
destroy; who denounced fraternal affection and
embraced the doctrine of subjugation; who never
sought to restore peaceful relations with their
neighbors, but who always sought to ruin them
by confiscation and plunder; whose voice was
forever, like the voice of Moloch in hell and the
voice of those who now rule this nation, for war,
for mere war, and war alone, as a cure for every
evil, a remedy for every grievance fancied or real.
With what loathing and abhorrence does a Chris-
tian world now regaid these destroyers of their
kind ! All countiies and every people uttera cry
of horror at the mention of their names. No pil-
lar, no monument, no fountain, no grove perpet-
uates their place in the respect of a single human
being that ever lived or died. And yet who will
compare the ages in which they enacted their
various tragedies to the one in which we live, and
call them to such an account as awaits those who
in this period of gospel light have fashioned the
administration of the American Republic on the
principles and practices of unenlightened bar-
barians?
But I will cease to reason on this point by com-
parison. I will grasp the naked question which
the supporters of this Administration have so per-
sistently clamored into the public ear for the last
three wretched years, fs it right in itself to treat
with those whoarc in rebellion,with a view to a
restoration of their allegiance, and thus to insure
the domestic tranquillity ? lfwedrawan answer
from the conduct of this Government in former
instances of treasonablcresistance to law, that an-
swet is all in favor of negotiation and compro-
mise. Washington set the example in the case
of Pennsylvania, and Jackson followed it in the
more celebrated case of South Carolina in 3832.
In our wars with fmcign Powers the same course
has uniformly been pursued. And we ourselves
were the objects of similartreatment even from the
tyrannical ministry of George 111 in the days of
the Revolution. Commissioners from the court
of England came to our shores more than once a
year during that struggle to treat for a return of
the rebellious colonies to the union of the British
empire. But I shall not content myself with the
enlightened precedents furnished by the history
of our own and other countries. Is there no higher
standard of moral light to which to appeal? Is
the voice of Him who spake as never man spake
hushed and stifled by the hoarse cry of passion
and lager Have those pages which blaze with
inspiration and which contain all the piinciples of
national as well as individual morality and jus-
tice lost their light and power in this unhappy
land? Can a Government long survive or hope
to escape retributive punishment which blots out
the doctrines of Christ in the regulation of its af-
fairs?, Shall a sneer, the sneer of the Jacobin and
the atheist, deter me from seeking the path of pub-
lic as well as private duty fn the declared record
of the great Father of us all? Have Robespierre
and Marat come from then-dishonored graves to
dethrone God and to give us the hideous infidel-^
ity of the French Resolution ? Sir, I ask you to
go with me to the unsullied fountain of eternal
truth:
" Moreover, if thy hi other41 hall tro-p;14^ again-t thc.sgo
and toll him his t;uilr. hotwoen thee an 1 him alone : if lie
shall hear thee, thou hast gamed thy hret'aei.
