1702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
tsy<>f leasing the mineral lands, from which
G 'v<>t mural (his never icceived a dollar and no ver
w.il, ;md S"U them in fee to the actual miner, and,
in mv judgment, ten yeais will not elapse before
our pioduet ot gold will bo a thousand millions
yoaiiv, instead ofone hundred million, as at pits-
eut. The extent of teuitory already discovered
producing gold is enoimous, and new fields are
constantly being found. In the report of the Com-
missioner of the Land Office made in December,
1862, he states that
"The great auriferous region of the United States, in the
western portion of the continent, stretches from the forty-
ninth decree of north latitude and Puget sound to paial-
)el 32° 30', and from the one hundred and i>eeond degree
of longimd<  west of Greenwich to the Pacific ocean, cm-
bracing pmtionsof Dakota, Nebraska, Coloi ado, all of New
Mexico, with Arizona, Utalu, Nevada, California, Oiegon,
and Washington Territories. it may be designated as com-
prising seventeen degrees of Ja>iiude,«r n bread ih of eleven
hundred miles from north to south,and of nearly equal lon-
gitudinal extension, making an area of moic than a million
square miles."
Since this report of the Commissioner, the mines
in Idaho and Montana have been disco ve red, equal,
if not superior, in extent and richness to any otheis
in the country. As I have before said, the num-
ber of Uhorers who have pone to these various
minesin Idahoand Montana within the last twelve
months cannot be less than eighty thousand.
With these localities of such boundless liches,
already known, and many others which roust be
biought to light as emigration advances west-
ward, who can fear that tins country may not be
able at no distant day to cast otf the burden of
taxation so vividly portrayed by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Vooruees] as the inheritance
of the industrial and all other interests of our peo-
ple for ages to come ?
The advantages of this route over any other
for commercial purposes in our intercourse with
foreign countries iire so obvious as not to require
any extended remarks, even if there were time
withm the limits of my hour. Natuie seems to
have designated this as the shortest, most piac-
tical,and consequently the natural connection be-
tween the great water lines of the country.
" It connects the navigable waters ot the .Missouri wirti
tile navigable waters of the Columbia, and at the head of
Steamboat navigation, h connects Puget\s sound and the
Columbia valley with the head ot navigation ot' the great
St. Lawience basin, and with lie- heads of navigation of
the Miosissipppt and tiie Red river ol the North."
The cost of transportation by iail over water-
cniriageis of itself sufficient to show the great
supenority of the Northern over any other route.
The average expense of tiansportation per mile
in long sea voyages isoneand a half mills per ton:
on canals and nvurs two and a half mi tlx; while on
railroads it varies from live to twenty mills, ac-
cording to the grade of the road. Hence, for all
merchandise, and especially of the heavier class,
destined for the country traversed by the Colum-
bia, Missouri, or Mississippi, or to be trans-
ported from the Pacific to the ports ot the Atlantic
ocean, by combination of water lines and rail-
roads, it is obvious no other route can compete
with this.
" In connection with either ihe sreat hike,-, and it* os-
tein ol canals and uver-, or the«ieit j„ilr<>,ul lines ol {lie
Can arias and the United States, it lui m-.lies the ino^t direct
and cheapest route, on the continent lot fieights and pas-
sengers trom Asia to Em ope and hack again, and also be-
tween Asia and the people of the Noithwcst, out west, out
center, our east, and the great heat's ot commerc on the
Atlantic coast."
Look upon the map ami you will at once pei-
ceive that Puget sound is the nearest point on out
western shore to the eatm m coast of Asia, All
commerce with Jeddo, Pekin, and with the whole
country opened up by the navigation of the Amour,
extending into southern Sibena, (the month of
which is on nearly the same parallel with Puget
sound,) can be canied on successfully by this
route against any and all other competing lines.
In a document on fife in the Treasury Department
entiiled Relation between the United States and
Northwest Biitish America,Sir Edwaul Bulwet
Lion proclaims 44 in the name of the Govern-
ment [British] the policy of continuous colonies
from LakeSuperioi to the Pacific, ami a highway
across British Ameiicaas the most direct route
from London to Pekin and Jeddo."
{ need not dwell upon the advantages of our
route over the one shadowed forth by the English
Government, and which would forever preclude
the necessity ot havmga loau across Biitish soil,
er the possibility of their competing with ouis
even were it built. Besides, it is well known that
their interests are with us m extending the line
ao oss our Ten ltory from Lake Supeiior to Puget
sound, Nothing but the abandonment of our
project, or its long delay, wftl justify them in
building the road within their own borders, where
the grades would be so much more difficult, the
distance so much greater, the expense so much
more, than on our route.
1 will here mention another fact,known toevery
one who has examined the reports of Mr. Maury
and other scientific men, that thisNorthern route
to Puget sound and thence to foreign countries is
designated by the " winds and currents" of the
ocean as the tiue route for international commerce.
He says that vessels leaving the coast of Asiasteer
to the north, and approaching our Pacific coast,
first make the cntiance of the Straits de Fuca,
(Puget sound,) then run down to San Francisco,
thence to San Diego, thence further south to the
twentieth degreeofnorth latitude,and thence again
to the ports of Asia. So that all sailing vessels
in their usual voyage from Asia to San Francisco,
or from San Francisco to Asia and back, have to
touch at Puget sound, the proposed terminus of
the Northern Pacific road.
Of the characteristics of this great inland sea,
I can only mention one or two facts now. It is
equal in extent to the Mediterranean, and is
vastly superior to it in its number of safe and com-
modious harbors, and is free fiomice and fogs.
Mr. Stevens says:
" On the coast there aie cod fisheries equal to the best
on ihe northeast coast; there is the greatest abundance of
salmon and halibut; the whaling business could also be
pio-<cent''d with gieat success Oom these regions. There
is coal on Puget sound acknowledged now to be the best
on the coast, and which will probably bo suitable for the
puipo-.es of ocean navigation by st<-<iuiers. But our lumber
busmen admits of adevelopment greater lhantliatof any other
poition of ike count) y or oj the knt) mvoihi. On the'sound
alone we now manufacture one bundled mil-
lions ajeai, and we send more than halfot tins to foi
eign ports. We have a huge bu-iness in spars and piles,
niauulaeune shingles and latin-, and this business must
veiv rapidiv inciea-e. We have Ibundei i ;-nnd-diip-jaids j
we um; building -.teamers and sailing-vessels ofcoiisitietable
size and crait oi all desciiptions. down to the ordinary sail-
ing or low-boat. We have huge manutaetuung advant-
ages
Another necessity for this Northern load, in
addition to the Central, and to which 1 can only
allude lor want of time, is that without it we have
not the adequate means of a military defense of
that country. We are bound not only by the
ttesofa common hi otherhood, but by the oi^anic
law of the land, the Constitution, to give them all
necessary military piotection, and if that emer-
gency should happen before this, or at least a
preliminary road for military purposes should be
built, our Government could not render that aid,
save by an additional cost exceeding by far the
whole amount now required to build the road. It
may be that some such emergency is needed to
hi ing conviction home, to us of the importance of
this communication with our great north western
frontier.
Can the means be procured for building this
road ? It is now admitted by all who have ex-
amined the suhji ct that the expense will be very
much less than the Central, but this is under
progress and no one doubts that it will be suc-
cessfully carried through. Tiue, they have not
only land grants, but have received aid in Gov-
ernment bonds to the amount of $66,000,000, and
are asking more of this Congress, while by this
bill nothing but land is granted, but as before ob~
soived the Northern road has advantages for se-
curing the aid of moneyed men and corporations
which no other possesses. It is emphatically the
people's road. It is the natural connection be-
tween the great water lines extending half across
the continent, and must be the great national toad
to the Pacific ocean, and hence it will insure in-
vestments of capital that no other can.
This road, as all other gieat railroad enter-
prises in this country have, will seek the aid of for-
eign capital, because it can be had cheaper than
here, and aheady English capitalists have mani-
fested a willingness to invest their money in "this
road.
Who can doubt that it would be for the interests
of the Grand Ttunk Railway Company to ex- I
tend their road thiough our tenitoiy south of •
Lakes Huron and Snpeiiot to the starting point i
proposed in this bill, on the southwestern ex- ]
trcmity of Superior, thus connecting themselves I
I with the Pacific road? They have already ex-
pended $100,000,000 on their road, and though
the traffic on it«s immense, it must remain com-
paratively unproductive unless they can increase
it by American commerce, and this they well
know, as may be seen in their efforts to extend
branches in all diiections so as to have connec-
tions with the existing roads of the West.
I have not the shadow of doubt that whenever
this Northern Pacific road shall be determined
upon, the long line of the Grand Trunk rail-
way will be pushed forward to unite with it, and
that to accomplish this they will become inter-
ested largely in our road, and not only in their cor-
porate capacity but through their influence would
bring to our aid the money of the English people.
Those who have examined with the most care
this route to the Pacifie, and who, as I think, ap-
preciate the best its capabilities and its fullness
of promise, have no doubt that with the aid of
Government pioposed by this bill the work will
be speedily commenced, and, with theaccesmons
of support from the sources already indicated,
will be completed yeais sooner than any other
road to the Pacific.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to postpone this bill
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
INCREASED DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing and considering at
this time the following joint resolution:
Joint resolution to Increase temporally the duty on im-
port*.
Roolved, <$*c., That from and after the passage of this
resolution, until the 1st day of June, ltHM, all the duties
and imports on imported <;uods>, waies, and merchandise
now piovided by law be increased by the addition of filty
percent, thereto; and upon ail goods, ware--, and mctchan-
j dise now tree or exempt fiom duty that there shall be lev-
i ied and collected a duly of ten per cent, ad valorem.
; Mr. CHANLER culled for the yeas and nays
| on the motion to suspend the iuies.
i The yeas and nays were oidered.
| The question was takcn;and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 72, nays 36; as follows:
YL' AS—Meters. Alley, Allison, Ames, Andei son, Ashley,
John I). Baldwin, Baxter, tfeamai;, U/ame, Jaeoh fi. Blair,
IJuutwcll, Broomalt, Freemm Clarke, Cobb, ('oh', Henry
Winter Davis, Dawes, Donnelly, Drisrg-, Dumonf, l'Ynton,
FtankjGaifield, Gooeh, Gimneli, Gri-woid, Ifii^hy, notch-
kiss, Amabel W. Iluhbatd, John II. Kubbaid, Julian, Kel-
ley, Orlando K'dlogg, Loan, Lonsveat, Mamn. McBudo,
MeOiurg, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Millet, Mooihead, Momil,
Daniel Morris, Amo- Myei«, Norton, Chailes O'Neill, Onh,
I'atteibon, Pciham, Pike, Pomeioy, Puce, William (f Ran-
dall, Alexandei II. Rice, John II. Rice. F.dwaid U.KoiUus,
Shannon, Sloan. Small. Stcbbms, John B. Steele, Stevens,
Thayer, Traev, Upson, Van Valkenbuigli. Lhhu B Wa-h-
burne, William H Washburn, Wtldei, Wibon, Wuuiom,
ami Yeaman—72.
NAYS—Messrs. James Allen, Brooks, Chauler, CLiv,
Cnirtotli, Ciaven-s Dawson, Denifon. Eden, JJldtnlge,
Fincic, <2'uler, Hall, Benjamin G. Uarits, llolnian. King,
Knapp, Law, La/.oai, Long. Marcy, McDowcll,M'-Kimicy,
Middlcton, William II. Millet, Jamc- it. Mom-., Noble,
PendhMou, Robin-on, Roceis, Ro-s, Stiles, Stuart, Vooi-
hecs, Chilton A. While, Joseph W. White, and Fernando
Wood—3d.
So, two thirds not having voted theiefor, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. STILES moved that th" House adjourn.
The House divided; and theie were—ayes 40,
noes 58.
Mr. STILES demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was dccidcdin
! the negative—yeas 42, nays 71; as follows:
j YH \S—Messrs. James V., Allen, Brooks, Ohatder, Clay,
j Craven^, Dawson, Denison,'Eden, FJdiidae, Fnuk.Gan-
1 son, Under, C*ri->wold, Hall, Benjamin G 11.oris, llolnian,
Keriiau, Knapp, Law, Long, Maie\, McDowell, MeKm-
ne.y, Middieton, William II Miller, Jsuncs R. Moiris,Nel-
son, Noble, Pendleton. Uobm-on, lto.-~. Shannon, Smitli,
Stilus, Stmuse. Stu.ut. Sweat, Yoot bee-, Wheclei, Chilton
A. While, Joseph W. White, and Fernando Wood—42.
N \YS—Messrs. Alle \, Allison, Andetson, A-iih y, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter., Bcainan, Blaion, Jacob 1 . Blair, Bout-
we)!, Broomall, Cobb, Cole, ('resw ell, J leniy Winter Davis,
Dawes, Donnell), D'urys, Dumoiit, Fcnton, Fiank, Gar-
lield, Gooch, Gunuell, Ili^by, llotchki Asahel W. Ilub-
baid, John II. Ilnbbaul. Julian. Ka-son. Kellet, Fianeis W,
Kellogg, Loan, Longyeai, iM<n vtn, McBi ide, MeCiuig, Mc-
Indoe, Siimuel F. Millet. Moorhead, Mom 11, Dane I Morris,
Amo? Myeis, Norton, Odell, Chatle-. (J'Neill, Q;'b. Patter-
sou, Peiham, Pike, Ponieio}, Ptiee, Kaufoid, William H.
Ilandall, Alexandei II. Hiec, John H. itiee, Edwaid II.
Rollins, Sloan, Stebbius, Steven-, Thayer, Tia<v, Up-on,
Van V.ilkenbuigh, William B. Wasbbmu, VViliiams, Wil-
der, Wilson, Wmdom, Winfield, and Yeamati—171.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL. I now (iesue to submit the
