1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*16
38xii Cong....1st Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Voorhees.
Ho. of Eex's.
*( But it' he will not hear thee, then take with thee one
or two moie, tint in the mouth of two oi three witnesses
every word may he established.
"And if he shall neglect to hear them, teii it unto the
church; but it he-neglect te hear the -chinch, let him be
unto thee as an heathen man and a publican."
!n these brief but comprehensive sentences are
embraced the great principles of social harmony,
individual charity, an-d national fraternity. They
were written by divinity to convey a lesson of
humane philosophy into every department of life
awl to every succeeding age. They furnish the
text for every treaty of peace which nations ever
framed to prevent the effusion of blood. They
inculcate the duty of not one only, but repeated
attempts at reconciliation; and those attempts,
loo, upon the part of those who have suffered the
injui y. Under the malignant auspices, however,
of the present hour in this afflicted country, what
•a. contrast is presented to these sacred passages !
Nor only do we refuse to go to our brother who
has committed the trespass, but we reject him
when he offers to come to us.
Sir, 1 take my stand on these immortal maxims,
and appeal to the native justice of the human
Jieart. I appeal to those instincts of charity and
benevolence by which it is allied to the attributes
of Deity. The plain people of America, those
who with honest hands earn their daily bread,
whose wearing apparel is notpurpleand fine linen,
Hashing with diamonds and pearls purchased by
the blood and tears of millions—to them, in their
humble homes, darkened perhaps by the death of
ihe first-born, 1 make this solemn in vocation. Be-
fore that pure and unselfish tribunal i lodge my
cause-in behalfofdomestictranquillity,and tender
the Bible as authority for the principles which I
declare. By the voice of my own heart, unse-
ducedbygciin andunawed by terror, I know what
will be the verdict of an incorruptible and free
people. But there is another class who preside
over the ministrations of this inspired Book,and
who mingle with their offerings to God the poison
of political prejudices, before whom the cause of
humanity, union, and peace need not be presented.
That large portion of the clergy of the land who,
"claiming to be the chosen agents of the merciful
Redeemer, fill the cup of his sacrament with ran-
cor and vengeance, hear none of the sweet, an-
gelic tones which plead from every page of His gos-
pels in favor of that individual and national char-
ity which suffereth long and is kind. They teach
their flocks no longer to hunger and thirst after
righteousness, but to hunger and thirst for the
blood of their enemies. They ascend the sacred
desk nonnore to pray that gentle peace like the
dews of heaven may descend upon our wounded
and distracted country, but to declaim in warlike
strains in the face of the Almighty upon the de-
light which they feel in the infliction of human
agony. They have reversed the order of the mil-
lennium which the Christian world has looked for-
ward to since the days of the prophets. The one
which they hail in fond anticipation is that in
which every plowshare shall become a sword,
and every pruning-hook a spear; in which con-
scription, slaughter, and taxation shall go hand
in hand; " when the keepers of the house shall
tremble, and the strongmen shall bow themselves,
and the grinders cease because they are few, and
those that look out of the windows be darkened,
and the doors shall be shut in the streets, when
the sound of thegrindingislow;M " because man
goeth to his lone: home, and the mourners go
about the streets."
To ihese men much of the sorrow which now
overshadows our homes is properly attributable.
They have ever been, and are to-day, the fore-
most enemies of domestic tranquillity. Agitation
on matters pertaining to civil government has been
their element. Sedition against laws which con-
flict with their ignorant arid selfish bigotry has
been then favorite calling in all countries and in
every age. They have a higher law than the
sermon on the mount; and the word of God is
made to fit the prrirrustean bed of their blind and
furious prejudices, which they mistake for con-
science. Sir, I here proclaim as a fact to which
all history Attests, that wherever in the tide of
time the ministry of the Most High have assumed
as a part of their duties the control of affairs of
State and the policy of nations, they have ap-
peared as the advocates of despotism, the friends
of high prerogative, the defenders of oppression,
the allies of tyranny—obstacles in the pathway
of progress, enemies to popular rights, and extor-
tioners of the poor and laboring masses. 1 might
dwell long on the evidence which the Old and the
New World furnish on this point. That great au-
thor and majestic thinker, Buckle, whom I have
already quoted, in speaking of ihe conduct of the
political clergy in the reign of James II, says:
" They looked on in silence while the king was amass-
ing the niatenals with which he hoped to turn a free gov-
ernment into an absolute monarchy. They saw Jeffteysand
Knke torturing their fellow-subject?. They saw the jails
crowded with prisoners, and the scaffolds streaming with
blood. They were well pleased that some of the best and
ablest men in the kingdom should be barbarously persecut-
ed ; that Baxter should be thiown into prison, and that
Howe should be forced into exile.'-*
I pause but for a moment to point to the his-
tory of Puritan Massachusetts as a confirmation
of my statement on this side of the ocean. What
oppression did a political priesthood fail to ap-
prove? What cruelty did they not instigate and
sanction in the early days of that famous colony ?
They scourged, seared, cropped, burned, and gib-
beted the bodies of those who were unable to con-
form their views in all matters, civil and religious,
to the reigning fanaticisms, and then consigned
their souls to the regions of the lost. Carpenter,
in his standard History of Massachusetts, a work
warmly partial to that State, says:
"In July, 1606, seveial Quakers airived in Massachu-
setts (torn Barbadoes, two of whom vvcic women. Fully
aware oft he contemptuous disregard for existing ordinances
indulged in by the more zealous of the scetm England, the
magistrates in iioston bt ought the law against heresy to bear
upon the intiudcis, and oideretl their immediate aire^t.
Alter their peisons had been examined for those marks
which were .supposed at that peuod to indicate such as dealt
in witchciaft, no satamc .signs being discovered, their
trunk*' weie rifled and the books found therein oideied to
be publicly bunied. A bnef impugnment was imposed
upon them, but they wcie finally icleased and banished the
colony. Several othei-. who ai rived subsequently were dent
back to England by the vessels m which they came. About
the ?auie tnue a law was passed to prevent their introduc-
tion into the colony, and imposing the penally of stripes and
coercive laboi upon ail Quaker that should infringe it."
* * * * " Some of the women were whipped,
and several men condemned to lo^e an ear." * *
* « When  ei7,ed they offered no resistance. Sen-
tenced to be flogged, they yielded with entile satisfaction
their backs to the executioner."
Finding that these atrocious measures were not
sufficient to crash out the liberty of thought, a law
was passed, says the same historian, in 1G58,
banishing the Quakers from the United Colonies
of .New England, and forbidding their return un-
der pain of death:
" This eangumaiy and unjustifiable enactment was ear-
lied by one vote only. Vauous stain h Inends of the Gov
eminent strongly piotested against it, not only as eiuel but
as liable to invite the persecution it nought to avoid. The
result soon pto\cd how well giounded was. the fear. Mar-
maduke, Steplien-on, William llobn^on, and Mary Dyer
courted the danger to which they wcie exposed and quietly
awaited the operation of the law. In September, 1658,
they were seized and, after ti ml, condemned to be hanged.
The sentence was eairied into effect upon Robin on and
Stephenson, but Mary Dyer was reprieved upon the scaf-
fold, and again thrust "from the colony. Resolute in seeking
a maityr's death, she returned soon after and was publicly
executed on Boston Common."
"Oh! the rarity of Christian charity." Will
not some New England clergyman of modern or-
thodoxy shed at least one tear over the scarlet sins
of his own ancestors who assisted in the murder
of this poor woman on Boston Common, while
he is weeping as if his head was a fountain of
waters over the landing of the Dutch ship with
slaves at Jamestown r
But again, says' the same friendly historian:
" it was at the beginning of this year that many persons
of piety and good understanding were again led to believe
in the great pievalence ot witchcraft m the piovirice. Prom -
inent among the most credulous of these was Cotton Math-
er, son to Rev. Incioas e Mather, for some time past the
agent of Massachusetts in England, and himself a clergy-
man." * * * * "The alarm of witchciaft
was again sounded. The ministers* lasted and piayed with
the di-tresfced father. The villagers ot Salem also fasted and
piayed; and the fear of demoniacal influences becoming
general, a day of fasting and pi ay er was specially set apart to
be kept by the whole colony. The belief m vvitehci alt being
thus Milermilv recognized and fosteted, it was not long bo-
foie the delusion ipiead aeioss the whole breadth ot tfic
province. The numbei ot Victims so rapidly ineie«v<ed that
many of the colonists, perfectly panic-stricken, became the
acci^ers of othe<\s. Jest the\ bliould be biou«lu under sus-
picion themselves. The execution at Salem village of Mi.
Himougln, a minister of blamele^ life, wib a tenihlo in-
stance ot the powet which the delusion < xeieised over ihe
Miongest minds m the community. For fifteen niotithslbts
strange belief held full possession of the popular faith. Dur-
ing this period out of twenty-eight persons capitally con-
victed of witchcraft, nineteen had been hanged and one
pressed to death."
Sir, let not these remarks and records of faith-
ful history be constiued into an attack upon the
ministers of our divine religion. I have endeavored
rather to portray the evil results which flow from
a desecration of that high calling. To my mind
there is no vocationon this side ofthe mysterious
river which divides time from eternity so lofty,
no career of life so serenely beautiful and border-
ing so closely upon heaven, as the benevolent
pursuits of him who tenders the cup of salvation
to the lips of a fallen world. A halo hovers around
his head which tells that he walks in the footsteps
of his blessed Master. In the presence of such
a man I would stand uncovered and do him rev-
erent homage. And there are many such whose
pure and noiseless lives pass almost unheeded by
the busy, striving world, but around whom the
comforting angels of the Lord encamp by night
and by day. In their keeping are all the future
hopes of the church—the Christian welfare of
mankind. The youth of the land should sit at
their feet and learn wisdom, and both young and
old should rise up and call them blessed. But
in this bright category of human excellence, this
high galaxy of stars shining with an unearthly
splendor, there is no place for such as take charge
of churches by order ofthe War Department, and
preach the gospel as commanded by the President
of the United States. The vineyards where they
labor will never bear the fruits of peace, never
smile with domestic tranquillity. Before them I
do not plead my cause. From them I expect to
hear no voice save the continued and protracted
cry of havoc.
But, sir, 1 will be told by the advocates of forse
and violence as a remedy, and the sole remedy,
for our troubles, that although the South might
send commissioners to treat for peace, yet they
would accede to no terms save recognition and
separation. In supportof this view, certain prop-
ositions recently offered in the congress at Rich-
mond aie cited. To my mind they indicate a far
different conclusion. It is true they do not sig-
nify to me that the power of the southern people
is exhausted; that the rebellion is crushed; that
a panic of fear prevails in the southern mind; that
a government, whether de facto or de jure, which
can maintain an army of half a million of well-
armed men in the field, is conquered. I do not
see the evidence of all this, as some have professed
to do every sixty days since the war began; but
I do see in these propositions an earnest desire
upon the part of the South to conform to the
usages of the civilized world, and to bring this
unhappy and disastrous conflict to a close by the
power of reason. It is true that certain objects
are declared for which they desire to negotiate;
but does that fact include final results which may
grow out of negotiation when once commenced?
What nation at war with another ever opened
communication for a treaty of peace by proclaim-
ing in advance the precise terms on winch it was
to be concluded? Such a course peremptorily
excludes the very idea of negotiation. Commis-
sioners would have no discretion,and reason and
argument would have no room to act. Such is
not, in my judgment, the meaning of this move-
ment in the confederate congress. Sir, what is
this contest? What interests does it involve?
They aie verydistinct and simple when divorced
from fanaticism. On the part of those who have
kept their allegiance, it is a struggle to maintain
the boundaries of the Republic, and thus defeat
the ruinous doctrine that a State has a right to
secede. On the part of those in rebellion, it is an
effort, in their estimation, to preserve the integ-
rity of their local laws, their social institutions,
the right to control their domestic affaiis free from
Federal interference. With some, this attempt
is made under a claim of the right of secession;
others proclaim a revolution, which is the right
of ail people if grievances sufficient exist as a jus-
tification.
But the peoplcof thcSouth are united in the ob-
jects at which they aim, and if they could be at-
tained in the Union, and without war, would they
not gladly embrace and accept them lather than
continue in a state of endless hostility, which is
destroying the very interests tney seek to pro-
