1704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Mr. HALE. I do not know that these are not
very important provisions to a very important
bill, i presume they are; but I have not been
able to hear one single word, such has been the uni-
versal confusion in the Senate Chamber when the
amendments were read. I think they relate to an
important subject. 1 should teke *to hear them;
but I suppose i heard them as wallas I have heard
a great many of the bills that are passed here in
the morning hour. I do not know anything about
them—not one word.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the re-reading of the
amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be again
read, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read them.
The amendments were concurred in.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
241) granting to the State of Wisconsin a dona-
tion of public lands to aid in the construction of
a ship canal at the head of Sturgeon bay, in the
county of Door, in stud State, to connect the waters
of Green bay with Lake Michigan in said State;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
PUI5MC DOCUMENTS FOR SALE.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which w.is coiisideied by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That Liu* Committee on Printing be instructed
toinquiie into tin; expechenev of authorizing tin* punting
Of a liuuied number of public documents toi &alo.
RANK OF XM10V08T -MARSHAL OKNBIIAL.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the con-
sideration of the bill (Li. It. No. 301) to amend
an act for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, so as to increase the rank, pay, and
emoluments of the Pi ovost Marshal General, was
resumed as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, i shall only detain
the Senate fora moment. [stated yesterday thai
under the conscription law the Provost Mughal
General was necessarily a colonel, and could
have no other position. The fifth section of tluit
act is in these words:
" That f >r each of - aid di.-niet> their ^h.il! be appointed
by the President a pio\o«t m:u-hul, with the i.ink, p.iy,
ami t'inoluini iit- ot a tupi.un i>i or ,\n olheei
said tank s'hall he detailed by the 1M evident, who >liall be
tuidei the diieeiinn and Mibjeet to the unlets ot a 1'iovo^t
Mui-hai (jrnri.il, appoint' d "i detailed by the President ot
the United wlw^ olh* e ■ ImII be «ii the -.e;u ot Gov-
ernment, loinnn^ a ^ep.n.it': bute.m at the W.u Hep.iit-
ment, and wbo-e rank, p iv, and emoluments Hiall be thu?>0
of a colonel ef eavjJn
Under that law Colonel Fry was detailed to the
head of thK bureau, with the 'ank, pay, and emol-
uments of a Colonel of euvali y. This bill does not
necessarily alleet Cohm< 1 Fry. It- simply pro-
vides that the Pi <>v ost Mm shut General shall have
the rank of a britNuln-i geneial instead of a colo-
nel, That is the whole of it. It does not neces-
sarily change the rank of Colonel Fry, for the
President may appoint whoever ho pleases. It sim-
ply makes the head of the office a brigadier gen-
eral instead of a colonel, whoever the head ot the
otiice may be. it is to t^ive the additional rank to
the Provost Marshal General; the Pi evident may
appoint any one to fill the position; but in.tMnueh
as Colonel Fty hues been alluded to as a man w ho
selves in a bureau, sailing at a clerk's de.sk, ask-
ing pioinotion us a brigadier geneial, I will state
that Colonel Fry has had about as much active
service in the field as almost any officer we have,
i have this morning lufoie me the recommenda-
tion of seven major geneuds, under whose com-
mand he has seived, lecomniendmg him for ap-
pointment as a br'gadtergeneitxl: Geneial Thomas,
General Bui nside, Geneial McCook, Geneial Jeff.
C. Davis, Genei al It. W. Johnson, General Cnt-
tenden, Geneial P^ou^ean; and theie aie others
who recommend him for gieat gallanti y and skill
and efficiency m Uie field.
i supposed there would he no objection to this
bill. I did not anticipate any objection, because
it was mtioduced into the House of Represent-
atives, relet red to the Military Committee, ie-
ported back without opposition, passed by the
House without a division as i understand, was
then irferred to the Milieu y Committee of the
innate, and reported back hr-re, I had supposed
it was only necessary to call the attention of the
Senate to the bill to have it passed.
I claim that the increased rank should be given
to this office from the nature of the duties dis-
charged and the importance of those duties. If
we call out three hundred thousand troops, the
Provost Marshal General may at one time have
command of three hundred thousand men. He
has command of all the provost marshals in all
the several States and districts while the draft is
going on, it is one of the most important bureaus
in the War Department, and the head of every
other bureau of commensurate importance has
this increased rank.
I have nothing further to say on the subject,
except that I suppose it is within the knowledge
of every Senator that Colonel Fry has discharged
his duties well and ably and efficiently; but
whether he be Provost Marshal General or not,
it seems to me the head of that bureau should be
a brigadier general.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator,
then, why not bi ing m a bill simply to repeal that
part of the law which provides that the head of
that bureau shall be a colonel? That will accom-
plish his object.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If that is not pre-
cisely what this bill does, I cannot understand
the English language.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This hill addsabrigadier
e^netal to the number of brigadiers. That is the
difference. Simply repeal the provision referred
to, and a brigadier can be detailed to take charge
of the bureau, whereas if you pass this bill you
add one additional brigadier general.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. That is precisely what
I want to do; ami i anticipate that Colonel Fry
will be kept in this plane. I hope he will, with the
incieased rank. This bill repeals that section of
the condciipuon law confining the Provost Mar-
shal General to the rank, pay, and emoluments of
a colonel, and authotizes him to have the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a brigadier general. I
think that is proper.
The bill was leported to the Senate without
amendment, was oidcred to a third reading, and
was lead tin; thnd tune.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill. It does not ap-
prove itself to my judgment.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mi. JOHNSON. I have not the slightest ob-
jection to Colonel Fiy being made a brigadier
geneial; I have no doubt he is perfectly compe-
tent, cei tainiy as competent as a great many others
who have been appointed; but I am by no means
sure tn,,! the bill itself does not go fut ther than the
honorable member from Indiana supposes. It
seems to me that by it we legislate the Provost
Maishal Geinral who is now in office into the
u\iik of a brigadier. We say that the Pi ovost
Alarshal General, and that means Colonel Fry—
it will be so construed—shall be a brigadier gen-
eral.
Mr. CARLILE. The Piovost Marshal Gen-
eral for the time being.
M i. JOHNSON. For the time being, of course,
that the Pi ovost Marshal General shall have the
l ank of a In igadier general. Now the honorable
member supposes 
All. LA N l£, of Indiana. Pardon me a moment.
It is " the Provost Marshal Geneial" contempla-
ted m the law of hist year who is to be a briga-
dier, and not a colonel.
All. JOHNSON. I understand that; but he is
the Pi ovost Alaishal Geneial, and 1 am by no
means sure that the construction of the law will
not be preetsely the same if passed in us present
form" as if Colonel Fty wa-= insetted as the Pro-
vost Maishal Geneial now in office; but it is by
no means clear, whether that be true or not, that
if we pass the bill, and be who is not now a brig-
adier b< eomes a biigndier by the force of the act,
that ho will not be a biigudier after he ceases to
he Provost Maishal Geneial. I am by no means
certain that the honorable member from Maine is
not u^ht m the opinion that the bill adds an addi-
tional brigadier geneial to the present number of
brigadiets in the service.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. That is what we
want.
Alt. JOHNSON. That is what you want as
far as Colonel Fry is concerned,! know. But if
the effect of the bill is to make Colonel Fry a
brigadier general, then we are, as I think, inter-
fering with the constitutional power of the Ex-
ecutive.
Mr. HARRIS. The fifth section of the act for
enrolling and calling out the national forces pro-
vides for the appointment of a Provost Marshal
General. That same section declares that the rank,
pay, and emoluments of that officer shall be those
of a colonel. Now, this bill provides that the
rank, pay, and emoluments of the officer, who-
ever he may be, the person- who holds the office
provided for by the fifth section of the former act,
shall be those of a brigadier general, and not of a
colonel. Whoever happens to be the incumbent
of that place, if this bill passes, will be for the
time being a brigadier general; he will have the
rank, the pay, and the emoluments of abrigadier
general, and not of a colonel. That is all there
is in thi^.bill. It is the only construction that can
be put on it.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to amend the bill in
a manner that I think will satisfy all parties, by
striking out ail of the bill after the enacting clause,
and inserting in lieu thereof:
Tii.it sso much of the act entitled "An act for enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes,"
approved Maich 3, 1363, as requires that the Provo&t Mar-
shal General ot the United Stales thall have the lank, pay,
and emoluments of a colonel, be, and the same la hereby,
repealed.
Mr. COLLAMER. flow will that leave him ?
Mr. GRIMES. Then he will have just such
rank and pay as the President of the United States
shall see fit to bestow upon him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate have
already ordered the bill to a third reading, and it
has been read the third time. It is not therefore
open to amendment except by unanimous con-
sent. The Chair will receive the amendment if
there be no objection.
Mr. CARLILE, and Mr. LANE of Kansas,
I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then a motion
must be made to reconsider that vote before the
amendment will be in order. If there be no such
motion, the question will be on the passage of
the bill, upon which the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If Colonel Fry be not
now a brigadier general, and this bill is passed,
would he not necessaiiiy have to vacate his of-
fice? The act of Congress declaring that the per-
son who holds that office shall be a brigadier gen-
eial, and Colonel Fry not being a brigadier gen-
eral at the present time, would he not necessarily
have to vacate that office and give place to some
brigadier general? I think so. Can Congress
appoint a brigadier general ? The appointing
power is with the Executive; and he would have
to nominate Colonel Fry to the Senate as a briga-
dier general if he wished him to fill the office.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 31, nays
7; as follows:
YEAS—Mews. Anthony, Riown, Carlile, Chandler,
Coll.uner, Conner, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolmle, Fos-
ter, Haiti, Uairis,llend''i-on, llendtick*, Howaid, Ilovve,
Lane o( Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morgan,
NeMiuth, Powf II, it.unsey, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner,
Ten K\ek, Van Winkle, VVilkm-oii,and VViilej-—31.
NA\>—\Ie>M.->. Buckalew, Cl.irk, Fessenden, Johnson,
Saulsbuiy, Ti unibuil, and Wilson—7.
So the bill was passed.
TBUHlTOllY OF MONTANA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The foliowmgbill
is returned from the House of Representatives
with an indorsement; which will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
In House of lU:pRK3eNTATiVES, jSjiril 18. 1864.
Eaolveil, That the l!im=e ai i>t on its disagreement to
the iiineiuhneiits of the Senate to the bill ofthe House (No.
].">) to ptovniea tempour\ government for the Territory of
Montana; and ask a turlhei fiee eonteieneo on the disagree-
ing votes ot the two flou^e-' thoieon :
'Craned, That Mi. Winter. Mr. IIolman, and Mr.
Marvin be the manageis ot the conteieucc on the part of
the House.
Mr. LAjNE, of Kansas. I move that the Sen-
ate recipioeate, and appoint a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. SHERMAN. I gave notice yesterday
that I intended to submit a motion that the Senate
recede from its amendments, in order to pass the
bill, deeming the amendments of comparatively
little impoitance; but upon examination I find
that the original bill as sent to us from the House
