■n
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
[March
38th Cosg. ... 1st Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Voorhees.
Ho. of Reps.
tect? Why, thegentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] declared a few days ago on this floor, that
if the privates of the opposing armies in tho field
were permitted to- come together in peace, they
would speedily remove all our troubles; and yet
he spoke and voted in favor of taking from even
the wives and children of the southern masses,
who, he asserts, are thus willing to return to the
Union, the last foot of soil and the last crust of
bread by which life is sustained. "Withsuchevi-
dence, thenj as this, can we justify ourselves be-
fore God or man if we fail to respond to the action
of theSouth in favorof negotiation, which prom-
ises in advance such happy results? Let all
grievances, whether fancied or real, be considered
by candid statesmanship. Let there be safe and
unrepealable guarantees adopted against those
that are found to be real; and those that are fan-
cied will be easily explained away. Five enlight-
ened commissioners from each section, imbued
with the spirit of Christian benevolence, animated
by an unselfish love of country and of their fel-
low-men, meeting by the consent and encourage-
ment of their respective authorities, could, arid
in my solemn and deliberate judgment would, in
ninety days, agree upon terms which would be
acceptable to a large majority of the American
people, and by which the Union of these States
would be more firmly established than ever be-
fore, the lives of millions spared, the hard earn-
ings of the laborer left for him to enjoy, peace
and tranquillity restored. I would improve the
armistice which winter declares to achieve many
bloodless and permanent victories in fiivor of the
Union and the Constitution. I would not stop
there. 1 would extend the armistice as long as
there was hope of inducing the return of a single
State. Butsupposc negotiation should fail. Then,
indeed, would this Administration be armed with
an argument in favor of war which it has never
yet possessed. This fact is well understood by
tho lOxecutive and his advisers, but they refuse to
negotiate because they have reason to believe that
the Union would thus be restored and the war
ended. But slavery would not thereby be abol-
ished, and the scheme of building up a despotic,
eentrahzed Federal Government would be de-
feated. The war, therefore, goes on; the young
men of the nation are swept in lo their graves upon
the plain of battle, and the old men become slaves
to the tax-gatherer, nor, to restore the Union, but
to £,rive a worthless liberty to the black man, and
to sti ike down the legal lights and privileges of
the white man.
Sir, upon this question of negotiation, conces-
sion, compromise, and Union, i appeal for ap-
proval to my own conscience. It sustains me
with all the forCe of a burning conviction ofdnty.
i>y it I am lifted beyond the reach of partisan
malice. I Appeal to the people! The voice and
humane instincts of honest nature will plead my
cause m their hearts. At their hands I fear no
evil foi the country. They aie just, and will ap-
preciate a plain and inherent element of light. 1
appeal to future years. When candor, reason,
end Christianity sit in judgment on this struggle
every line which records tho history of war or
peace in all former ages toils rue that their verdict
will be in favor of the principles which I advo-
cate. 1 seize this hour of future triumph by an-
ticipation. That it will come I entertain nomore
doubt than I do that I breathe the air of life this
moment. I appeal, finally, to God befoie whom
I sttmd, and into wlio.se present,e we all hasten to
answer for our conductnnd our motives. In that
awful hour I humbly trust and believe that my
Jeebfe dForts to tutu aside the devounng edge of
the sword; to stay the hand of the great reaper,
death; to pause in the hoiridwotk of sending
souls to their eternal account without repentance
or pardon; to stop bereavement, woe, and tears
around every fireside; to brighten the mournful
face of the land with the radiance of peace; to
j(jconsfuct and rustoie a fisternal and harmoni-
ous Union will meet with the approval of the
JTai!ser,and go far to ward relieving the newly lib-
eiated and trembling spirit of the terrors which nur-
round'u. !
But, Mr. Chairman, what other declared pur-
poses of the Constitution, fortbeaceompiishment :
of v/hbh thus Government was established, have i
been carried out by the policy and administration !
of the party now in power ? Do theypromofe the
general welfare ? With the principles of justice
everywhere suppressed, the blessrng of liberty
annihilated throughout all our borders, and the
domestic tranquillity utterly destroyed, it is almost
needless to inquire what is left to constitute the
general welfare. But it is my painful duty on
this occasion not only to show that the principles
of free government are dying, rapidly dying be-
fore our faces, but that the material prosperity, the
absolute physical resources of the country are
perishing also. The welfare, the strength and
glory of a nation are dependent in a vast measure
upon the extent of its population andtheamount
of its wealth. Next to tho virtue and intelligence
of the people their numbers constitute the power
and dignity of a State. The ancient command-
ment and the blessing delivered to the original
founders of the human race were to be fruitful,
multiply, and replenish the earth. And one of
the richest promises to the patriarchs of old was
that their tribes and their descendants should in-
crease until they became as the leaves of the forest
and the sands of the sea-shore. Lveiy public
ruler who by wise political and social economy
has. rapidly swelled the population of his country,
holds a place in the history as a benefactor of his
kind. Every human being is a machine of labor.
Each head and each hand is a producer. The
busy brain and the active muscle are perpetually
adding to the storehouses, the granaries, and the
merchant ships of the world, it was a blessing
and notacurse, it was in mercy and not in wrath,
that man was commanded to eat his bread in the
sweat of his face. Uy obedience to tins command
the glory of civilization adorns the earth, and
commerce penetrates the most distant seas. The :
fulfillment of this decree redeems the savage face
of nature, builds up the gieat marts of trade, pa-
tronizes science's and letters, erects temples to art
and piogiess,nnd is a forerunner of the Chiis-
tian faith. Labor is the fountain of all wealth
and of all happiness. Nations and individuals
are alike utteilyaud entirely dependent upon it
(or their prosperity. And national prospenty is
simply the result of individual labor. The hum-
ble and obscure tod of the honest plowman, who
"Uumewaid plods his weary way"
at nightfall is the source of all the nation's great-
ness, the foundation of all its vast enterprises, the
support of nil its boasted revenues; it is> the small
spring breaking into a rivulet fiom the hill-side,
which, flowing on and mingling with the other
waters of its kindred, atlast swells into an oce^n
on whose bosom the destinies of the world are
determined. Ail the great authors who have writ-
ten on the subject of the wealth of nations have
recognized this as a fundamental truth. Adam
Shmth embraces it in the fust sentence of his im-
nioiial woi k. JIo says:
"The annual labor of every nation is the fund winch
oi iirinaiiv t-npphc^ it with all tho miee.-.sanes and eonvnn-
lenee*! oi hie, winch it annually consumes, ami wlneh eon-
sim always either in the immediate pioduce of that labor,
oi in what is purchased with that piodueo from othci na-
noii-=.3'
Locke, in his equally celebrated treatise on civil
government, is still more explicit and clear upon
this point, lie uses the following language, which
covers the whole philosophy of labor:
u "IV laboi, then, winch puts tile greatest part of the value
upon laud, without which it would scarcely be woith anything.
' I i-i to that w o owe the j/icate-t pair oi ad its useful prod-
uct^; (or all that the stiaw, bi.m, bieud of that acie of
wheat is nioie woith than The product of an acie of good
land which ]ied waste is all the eih-et of labor. Foi 'us
not iih'iely the plowman^ panw, the roapci's and the
thiasheitoil and the bakei's sweat, is to he counted into
ihe hi cad we cat; the iaho; oi iluw who bioke Hie oxen,
who <lii"ifd and \\ i o ii!^ hi tin' hud and stone--, who lolled
and liaini'd the lunbei employed about the plow, null,
oven, oi am othei uumi-mN. whu h aie avast nuinhei, icqm-
Mlc to tins coi u, ii om its briny seed to be sow n to its being
made bioad, muM all be chared m the account of laboi,
and iec;eived as an effectot that; naiure and ihe eat rh fin-
tii^hms onlv the alum-l woithJess mateuul«s In tliem-
M>he- ;Twonld be strange catalogue o{ things that in-
diHUy piovided and made use oi ahont eveivlo.it of biead
!icloi<' it came to oiu ti-e, if we could tiace them: from'
w ood. b'at.iei ,b.u k-., timbi i,stone, bi ick, eoa!-,hme. cloth
(Keuuj djusr-, pitch, tar, mast.- iope-., and <dl m-ttcimis !
niadf ii<e o! m the slnpth.it bioujntaway thn commodities
made n -e ot bv am ot the woikmen,to anvpait of the
w<uk ; all whu h 'iw uuiii be almo.-t impossible, at least too
long, to rooKon tip.v
Sir, aside then from motives of humanity, what
yh'ill be fsaid of an administrative policy which is
unnecessarily depopulating the nation? Every
ensanguined field of strife covered with the noble
and once animated forms of American citizens,
is an irreparable loss to the true wealth of the
country. When the lost call for troops which has
been made upon the laborers of the land by the
Executive shall have been complied with, more
than two million men will have gone to the
fields of death. In the year 1860, the number of
voters m the United States, including all the sec-
tions, was four million six hundred and sixty-one
thousand one hundred and ninety-three. The
States which remained faithful to the Union ob-
tained, at the commencement of this war, about
three millions. This may fairly be computed as
the number of laborers in the loyal States three
years ago, for while many who vote are too old
to work, yet perhaps an equal number are capa-
ble of labor who are too young to vote.
It will thus be seen thattwo thirds of the labor-
ing population of the country have already been
levied upon by this remorseless Administration,
and drawn away from the businessof production.
Figures cannot lie, and the census tables do not
deceive. The prospei ity of this Government con-
sists in the labor of its people. This is its only
capital. In proportion as the population is di-
minished or diverted from productive pursuits, in
the same proportion is the general welfare de-
stroyed. And no nation ever long survived the
shock which the abstraction of two thirds of its
population inflicted upon every branch and de-
partment of industry. A paralysis will seize
every healthful function of Government. The
sap of life will cease to ascend, and the green tree
will wither and die. The fountains will be dried
up,and the river will cease to flow. Sir, I am
dealing m no imaginary picture. Go to the re-
gions of agriculture, on which all else depends.
You will there hear the cry that the laborers are
few. One man cannot do the work of three; and
two are gone, and but one is left to sow the seed
and reap the harvest. I have seen the wife and
the mother tilling the soil in my own district, her
children following in the furrow, and their father -
away in the Army, i have seen broad fertile \
acres in the West lying waste and idle for the '
want of hands to place them m cultivation. How
long can iliis state of things continue ? How long
will one thiid of our usual produce meet the de-
mands of our increased and stupendous expendi-
tures? How long can diminished production and
multiplied taxation go hand in hand ? Hjmv long
can you continue to destroy the laborer, and at
the same time raise a revenue from the products
oflaboi? The tendency and speedy result of our
piesent career are plain and inevitable. Soon,
very soon, the fruits ofmdustry will prove inad-
etjuate to meet the annual demands of the national
Treasury, and then the land itself, the farm, the
homestead, must be exhausted and swept away.
Arc you ready for this? Are you ready for the
land tax upon uncultivated fields, in addition to
the tribute which we already pay to fanaticism
and corruption ? If you are, then eternal war, vast
conscriptions, no negotiation, no reunion, no
peace, will bring with fearful rapidity the realiza-
tion of ail your hopes.
But in this profligate destruction of human life,
and wanton and wicked overthrow of the whole
natural system of American labor, how much
longer do you expect the toiling millions to en-
dure in silence? When the curtain first rose on
the hateful scene of this civil war the country was
mocked with a call for seventy-five thousand
men, and our greedy ears were saluted from high
qiuu ters with the flattering story that the moon
would scarcely wax and wane until the Govern-
ment would again possess its own. You tell me
of statesmanship; you tell me of honesty m the
present conduct of our disastrous affairs. Sir,
not a plan laid down in the beginning but what
lias failed, and not a promise made by this Ad-
ministration to the people but what has been bro-
ken. The armies of the rebellion still stand with
defiant front almost within sight of the Capitol;
and the hoarse and ten ible demands of a new con-
sciiption aie now going out over the country, as
fatal to the n< ace and happiness of the people as
the croak of the raven to the life of Duncan. Do
the few who now liot in the lives and fortunes of
the many imagine that they can prolong forever
