658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
these officials. I think it is a new era in the his-
tory of the Government, and I do not wonder that
gentlemen, particularly those who are conserva-
tive in the temper of their minds, are stirred up
and horrified, and that they see infinite mischief
in this measure. For myself I do not look at it
so. I think it is a rational and a convenient step.
If it would only be followed up, and the Senate
would not be frightened at it, it would do good.
I had almost a mind to move an adjournment, so
that we might live one night under the effect of a
vote of the Senate to reduce salaries.
Mr.TRUMBULL. In theaggregateitincreases
them.
Mr, HALE. I know it increases them in the
aggregate, but still there was a tendency to cut
down some of them. Two salaries are cut down.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Which are they?
Mr. HALE. I do not know. I do not think
I can throw any lighton this subject. [Laughter.]
Mr. FOSTER. The economy which so gratifies
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire, is
of a veryqueer kind. The amendment proposes,
it is true, to reduce the salaries of two officers—
not this year, by the way—from $4,000 to $3,500
after this year; and as a part of that economy, to
put up some dozen or more that nowrcceive $3,000
to §3,500.
Mr, HALE. I voted against that.
Mr. FOSTER. It is upon the measure as it
stands that the honorable Senator is congratula-
ting the Senate, and thinking that we are exhibit-
ing a"spectacle of Roman virtue here never before
seen in the American Senate, because we are dis-
posed to cut down salaries. It is cutting down
with one hand and putting up with two.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—'Messrs. Chandler, Dixon, ilowaid, Ttumbul!,
and Wade—5.
NAY8—Me^r^. Anthony, JStielcalew, Clai k, Conne-.-?,
Cowan, Doolittle, Fessendeu, Font, Foster, (Jume«, Hale,
Harding, Harlan, Hainn, flemln^on, llendiieks, Howe,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, AFoig.wi, .\Iomll, Pomuroy,
Powell, Ramsey, Kiddie. tfaul.-diury, Sherman, Kpra'?ue,
Sumner, Ten Hyck, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, VViihy, Wil-
son, and Wright—Uf>.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole as amended.
Mr. IIOWE. I move to amend so as to fix
the salary of the First Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral at$3,500.
Mr. GRIMES. He comes within it now.
Mr. IIOWE. I understand the amendment
agreed to only regulates the salaries of the As-
sistant Secretaries. I propose to amend it so as
to fix. the salary of the Fiist Assistant Postmas-
ter General at $3,500.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not all?
Mr. UOWE. Because others stand in a dif-
ferent position.
Mr. SHERMAN. TheSecond Assistant Pout-
master General has most important duties,
Mr. MO Win. The I'iist Assistant is the deputy
of the Postmaster General as 1 undeistand. He
is the assistant of the Postmaster General. He
is the one who takes the place of the Postmaster
General in his absence, and I do not understand
such is the fact of the others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
amendment is to add after "Assistant Secretaries"
tiie words "and the First Assistant Postmaster
General."
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to—-ayes twenty-five, noes not counted.
Mr. GRIMES. If we are going into the Post
Office Department, there is a very valuable officer,
the Second Assistant Postmaster General, who,
I undeistand, from what I know of the Post Oince
Depaitment, has a great deal of business to do;
lie is the most lesponsible assistant theio; the
one who has charge of the contract office. I pio-
pose to include the Second Assistant Postmaster
General also.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move to add the Third
Assistant Postmaster General.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not in
order, as this is an amendment to an amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Oil , IiU " j
Mr. CHANDLER. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 25; as follows:
Y1JAS—Mcsms. Chandler, Dixon, Hale, Harding, Hen-
derson, Howaid, Powell, Ramsey, Riddle, Salisbury,
Spiau'uo, Suinner, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright—15,
NAY'S—Messrs. Antlx.ny, Buekalew, Clark, Conness,
Cowan, Doolittle, Fe senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Har-
lan, Harris, Hendricks, Howe, Johnt-on, Lane ol' Indiana,
Morgan,Morrill, Pomeioy, Sherman, Ten Eyek,Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—25.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the motion of the Senator from Iowa, to
amend the amendment by inserting "the Second
Assistant Postmaster General."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
returns on agreeing to the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole as amended.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read as it now
stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Add to the second .section:
And that after the close of the present fiscal year tlie
salaiy of each of the Assistant Pccietajies aud tne First
Assistant Postmaster Guneial shall be $3,500 pin annum.
The yeas and nays buing taken, resulted—yeas
19, nays 17; as follows:
YEAri—AIo'si-. Buekalew, Cowan, Davis, Doolittle,
Harding, Harris, Henderson, Hemlriujcs, Howe, Johnson,
Lane oi Indiana. Moinan. Powell, Ramsey, Riddle, Sudi-
ner, T<;n Kvek, Willey, and YVnght—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, ('handler, Claik, Conness,
Dixon, Fessenden, Fostei. Crimes, Hale, llail.m, Moinll,
t'omcroy, Sherman, fipiague, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and
Wil>on—17.
So theamendmentasamended waseoncurred in.
The amendments were ordered to he engiossed,
and rhe bill to be read a thiul time. The bill was
read the third tune, and passed. The title of the
hill was amended by adding " and for other pur-
poses."
PAY OF COLORED TROOPS.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that-the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion to equalize the pay of soldiers m the United
States Army.
The motion was agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday* February 15, 1804.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
Rev. John A. Dow man, of Louisville, Kentucky.
The Journal of Friday kis>t was read.
CORRUCTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. HUTClllNS. I find that upon the final
passage of the conscription bill 1 am recorded as
voting in the nHhmative, whereas I distinctly
\oied in the negative. 1 desire to have.the Jour-
nal corrected in that respect.
The Journal was corrected accordingly.
OHD13H OP 1UJSTNESS.
The SPEAKER. The iiist business in order
is the call of commiUet t> for ieports of bills which
art to ho committed, without debate, to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the .state of the Union, and
not to be brought back by motions to reconsider.
ASSISTANT KIWISTKH OF THIS TREASURY.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill authorizing the ap-
pointment of an Assistant Register of the Treas-
ury; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, ordered to be printed, and made
the special order for Friday next, after the morn-
ing; hour.
* PUBLIC STORKS.
Mi*. STEVENS, fiom the same committee,
also reported a bill to extend the time for the with-
drawal of goods from the public storesand bonded
warehouses, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
HARRIET MORRIS ET AL.
Mr. WHALEY, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported n bill for the relief of
Harriet and Emily Morris; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
SHIP CANAL ABOUND NIAGARA.
Mr. ARNOLD, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 126)
to construct a ship canal around the Falls of Ni-
agara; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. STEVENS, from the select committee on
the Pacific railroad, reported back a bill (II. R.
No. 5) granting public lands to the People's Pa-
cific Railroad Company, to aid in the construction
of a laiiroad and telegraph line to the Pacific coast
by the northern route; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
The call of committees for reports being con-
cluded, the Speaker proceeded to call the States
for bills and resolutions.
BRANCH MINT IN IDAHO.
Mr. SENNET introduced a bill to establish a
branch mint of the United States in the Terri-
tory of Idaho; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
INDIAN SUPERINTENDENCIES, ETC.
Mr. 15ENNET introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read,considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into [he piojjiiety of detaching and sepa-
ratum all Indian supermtetuleiifMes from the oftice of Gov-
ei norsof the Ten it oiios; a ho, the propriety and expediency
oi a l.uv niukmn individual:- of all Indian tubes receiving
annuities fiom the Government amenable, to the criminal
laws, of the United States ; and leport by bill or otherwise.
POST KOADS IN COLORADO TERRITORY.
Mr.BENNET also introduced the following res-
olution; which was read,considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee ontlieFost Office and Tost
Hond< be msti neted to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing the following post roads: From Denver, Colo-
rado Teiritory, via Poneiia Pass, Camijos, to Santa Fe, in
the Tnutor} of New Mexico; from Denver to Bijou Ba-
sin. m the Temtory oi Colorado; from Golden City, via
Pahton creek, Bouldet City, to Builington; and fiom
Denver, via <i touu* alons the eastern ba&e of the Rocky
mountains, to East Rammek, in the Territory ofTdaho; and
repoit by bill or otherwise.
MESSAGE FROM THIS PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, informing the. House that he did, on
the 13th instant, approve and si"n the following:
bills:
An act (II. II. No. 144) to indemnify the own-
ers of the I nti.sh schooner Glen; and
An act (II. R? No. 225) making an appropria-
tion for rebuilding the stable of the President.
MESSAGE FR03I THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. IIickey,
their Chief Cluk, announced that the Senate had
passed the following bills; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
An act (No. 1) granting a pension to John L.
Burns, of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania;
An art (No. 19) for the relief of L. E. Carter;
An act (No. 94) to authorize the settlement of
the accounts of Paymaster E. C. Doran; and
An act (No. 95) for the relief of George Henry
Preble, a commander m the Navy of tne United
States.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment a joint resolution
(TI. R. No. 30) tendering the thanks of Congress
to Major General W. T.'Sherman.
The message also announced that the Senate
had disagreed to the amendments of the House to
the bill of the Senate (No. 36) to amend an act
entitled "An act for enrolling and calling out the
national fot ces, and for other purposes, "approved
March 3, 1863.
GOLD AND SILVER MINERS.
Mr. BENNET also introduced the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Expenditures be in-
truded to hiquiie into the propriety of an appropriation to
