1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Representatives will not only allow foreigners
who have declared their intentions to become cit-
izens, but also foreigners who have not declared
their intentions, to vote. The qualification re-
quired for suffrage under the original bill is simply
a residence of thirty days, without requiring the
voter to be either a citizen or a person who has
declared his intention to become a citizen. If,
therefore, I should move to recede and the Senate
should adopt the motion it would leave the bill
in a very objectionable form. Canadians might
come over from the border, and afterthirty days'
residence, without citizenship or a declaration of
intention to become such, they would be allowed
to vote under the original bill. I shall not, there-
fore, make the motion to recede, but I hope the
committee of conference will be able to settle and
adjust the matter. *
Mr. WILKINSON. I renew the motion I
made yesterday, that the Senate insist on their
amendments and agree to the further conference
asked for by the House.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 suggest to the Senator from
Ohio that it will he incompetent for the committee
of conference to heal the difficulty of which he
complains. That is part of the text of the bill
which has been agreed to by both Houses.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will perceive
that the part of the text of the bill to which I re-
ferred is the portion that has been modified by
the Senate, and it is within the power of the com-
mittee of conference. I examined the bill with
that view. The very clause that I have objected
to, and which is undoubtedly objectionable, is the
one that has been amended by the Senate, and it
is therefore open to the action of the committee
of conference. There can be no doubt about that.
The committee of conference mightreportaprop-
osition that any white male citizen, who is either
a citizen of the United States or will declare his
intention to become such, may vote. That would
remove the objection I have to the bill as it stands.
But I will state to the Senate that if this difficulty
should continue, if the controversy between the
two Houses continues on this one point, at a fu-
ture stage of the proceedings a motion to recede
might be made, for it would be better to pass the
bill in the form it came to us from the House than
to defeat it entirely. However, that motion can
be made after another trial of a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to hav$ read
that portion of the bill to which the Senator from
Ohio refers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senate disagreed to by the House will be
read.
The Secretary read the first amendment, in
section five, after the word " free," to strike out
the words " white male inhabitant, "and to insert
'* every male citizen of the United States, and those
who have declared their intention to become
such."
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Secretary to read
the section of the House bill that is proposed to
be amended, the original text.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every free white
male inhabitant above the age of twenty-one yeans, who
shall have been an actual iesulnu« of *aui Territory loi
thirty clays prior to the first election, shall be entitled to
vote at said election, and shall be eligible to any office
within the said Territory; but the quaimcations ot voteis
and of holding office at aM subsequent elections shall be
such as shall be pieseiibed by the Legislative Assembly.
Mr. SHERMAN. The objection I have to the
original bill is this: that any foreigner, whether
he has declared his intention to become a citizen
or not, might vote under the operation of this bill.
A Canadian might come over, and by residing
there thirty days, being asimple inhabitant, with-
out any residence or intention to remain, he might
take part in organizing the territorial government.
I do not think that is right.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. He being a citizen of
the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; it does not say citizens
of the United States at all. If it said that, it would
be right. But it says that anybody who has been
there thirty days, even without the intention of
residing, may vote at the firstelection. f am told
that there are a large number of persons from
Canada who are carrying on the fur trade scat-
tered over that region, who are not citizens, and
do not ioteud to become such-, and yet under the
operation of the bill as it came to us from the
House they can vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Can it be amended ?
Mr. SHERMAN. We have amended it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Have we amended it in
that particular ?
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes, sir. The amend-
ment of the Senate confines the right of suffrage
to citizens of the United States and those who
have declared their intention to become such.
Mr. SUMNER. The objection of the Senator
from Ohio does not prevail against the Senate
proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir, not against the
Senate proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I suggest to the Sen-
ator, let us stick to our own proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the very thing I
am suggesting:'that we appoint another commit-
tee of conference; and I hope that then they will
report an amendment which will entirely avoid
this controversy about negro suffrage. , lam will-
ing to vote for the bill confining the right of suf-
frage to free white male inhabitants who are either
citizens or have declared their intention to become
citizens
Mr. FESSENDEN. I rise merely for the pur-
pose of saying that the Senator from Ohio now
seems to propose instructions to our committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He should recollect that
the majority of the Senate is decidedly of the opin-
ion that thpir amendment should be adhered to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not proposed any
insti uctions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He proposes that the
committee shall back out. I do not know that
the Senate would agree to that, simply to accom-
modate the Senator's views.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not proposed any
such thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator has made
no such proposition, but that is the effect of his
remarks.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. I simply stated
the reasons why I did not submit the motion that
I intended to submit yesterday—reasons that are
very satisfactory to myself.
Mr. DOOLl'l'TLE. The amendment intro-
duced by the honorable Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Wilkinson,] and which wasadopted by the
Senate, had this practical effect: it would require
persons either to be citizens of the United States
or to have declared their intention to become cit-
izens in the Territory of Montana before they
could vote, which is right; because, as our law
now stands in reference to men who are liable to
be drafted into the Army, we put that test upon
them. Those who vote must fight; and it is not
proper to allow those to vote in the Territory of
Montana or anywhere else who are not liable to
be drafted.
But so far as this amendment applies to white
or colored men in the Territory, it is the merest
abstraction in the world. There is not a negro
in the Territory, and probably will not be for
years. It has no practical beating or effect.
There is some excitement got up on that, how-
ever, and it seems that is the pointon which there
is a difference between the House of Representa-
tives and the Senate. The question is whether
the woid " white" shall be inserted in the bill or
not. The practical benefit of the amendment of
the Senator from Minnesota is that it requires
persons either to be citizens or to have declared
their intention to be citizens in older to vote.
Mr. HALE. That remark has been made so
often here that I am afraid somebody will get to
believe that this question is a mere abstraction.
It is not so. it is one of the most practical ques-
tions that was ever presented to the American !
Senate, as it is involved in the proposition of the
Senator from Minnesota. Here is an immense
territory that we are about to organize into a ter-
ritorial government. The question is, whether
at its start, when there are no inhabitants there,
we shall by its fundamental law educate the people
to this absurd and barbarous prejudice. What
a spectacle we piesent of'ourselves to the world
to-day! We are calling on this colored race to |
fight for us, and they are responding. They are j
taking their arms andgoing outund exposing their '
lives m battle; and we see how gallantly they i
stood at the fort that has recently been taken i
and they were massacred at their arms. -And at
a time when they are responding to this callar^d;
going out, their lives in their.hands, and laying^
down their lives in defense of the country ana /or.
its salvation, we proceed to declare that in this
vast territory, which is now unoccupied,-and.
which waits for the march of civilization and im-
provement, they shall be forever debarred from liv-
ing with theprivilegeeoffreemen.. Weare calling
upon them to defend the country and to save it,
but at^the same time telling them if they live upon
the country that they have saved they shall live
in a subordinate and inferior position, and shall
not enjoy any of the rights of freemen. It is
eminently more of a practical question to-day^ be-
cause the country is unsettled and because there
are no colored men there. It is eminently prac-
tical, because now we can settle the question and
say that this unoccupied, immense territory may
be open to them.
Mr. President, I suppose that God made col-
ored men. 1 do not know of any other power that
ever did make them; and if He made them and
placed them on this world, it seems to me He in-
tended that they should live here. In addition to
that, if they have been brought here by the ava-
rice or the lust of the white man until they have
multiplied to the degree that they have, does it
become us to say that upon this continent they
shall not live where we have brought them and
where in the providence of God they now are?
It seems to me that this question is one that we
can meet and grapple with at the present time
better than we can at any time in the future, be-
cause now it is unembarrassed by the prejudices
of a population that have been already educated
under this inhuman and unchristian code.
I think the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota dues gi eat credit to his statesmanship,
his sagacity, his foresight, and hishumanity; and
I hope the Senate will stand there, even if welose
the bill thereby.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope the Senate will
proceed with the consideration of the question be-
fore it until a vote can be taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the special order may be passed over
informally.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to its being passed
over. Let the Senate decide whether it shall be
done or not.
Mr. WILKINSON. Then I move to post-
pone all prior orders for the purpose of continu-
ing this question before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If a vote can be taken
without any further debate, I have no objection.
Mr. WILKINSON. I presume there will be
no further debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I withdraw my
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
not aware that the Senator from Minnesota yes-
terday submitted a motion that the Senate fur-
ther insist on its amendments, and agree to the
conference asked for by the other House.. That
is the pending motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that the
question which has been discussed is really be-
fore us for consideration in the shape in which
the vote is to be taken; but I think the Senator
from New Hampshire is entirely mistaken when
he says that the amendment in dispute between
the two Blouses is not an abstraction, a mere tem-
porary matter. This bill does not propose to fix
fundamentally and forever the right of suffrage
in this Territory, It is to have no operation ex-
cept at the first election. When the Territorial
Legislature meets it is to fix the right of suffrage.
We have been informed here that there is not a
single colored person in the proposed Territory.
The amendment of the Senate will have no prac-
tical effect. It is themerestabstraction,precisely
what the Senator from Wisconsin has stated; and
I can see no good to arise from it. The effect is
simply to agitate and get up a question where
there is nothing1 practical for it to operate upon.
The very first Legislature that meets in this Ter-
ritory, according to the very provisions of this
bill, will fix the right of suffrage. We do not
propose to fix it for them. This portion of the
bill is of a very temporary character. Other
