1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
aid in tiansporting experienced miners from Europe 10 the
gold and i-ilvei mines on the public domains of the United
States,
MILITARY ROAD IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY*
Mr. COLE, of Washington, presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Washington Territory
in reference to a military road across the Cascade
mountains; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordrered to be printed.
BRIDGE IN UTAII.
Mr. KINNEY introduced a bill appropriating
$5,000 to rebuild the bridge over the Provo river,
on the military road from Great Salt Lake City
to the southern line of the Territory of Utah;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
"UTAH PENITENTIARY.
Mr. KINNEY also introduced a bill appropri-
ating $5,000 to repair the Utah penitentiary; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Territories.
LAND CLAIMS IN UTAII.
Mr. KINNEY also introduced thefollo wing res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed ;
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing a law
to enable !he owners and claimants of lands in the cities,
towns, and villages intheTcrritoiy of Utah, to acquire title
to the same ; and that they report by bill or otheiwise.
STATE GOVERNMENT FOR NEBRASKA.
Mr. DAILY presented a memorial and joint
resolution of the Legislature of Nebraska in ref-
erence to a State government for Nebraska; which
was referred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAILY introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read,considered, and agreed to:
Raolved, That the Committee oil Military Allans be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of constructing a
militaiy load from Fort Laiamie to Vnginia City, or the
most piacticable point m Idaho Termoiy, and repot t by
bill or otheiwise.
CAPITOL OF NEBRASKA TERRITORY.
Mr. DAILY also introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
requested to inquire into the expediency of reimbursing the
eity of Omaha, Nebraska Terutory, #60,000 for moneys ex-
pended by said city m completing the capitol of the Teiri-
tory.
EXPENSES OF MILITIA IN KANSAS.
Mc. WILDER introduced a bill reimbursing'
the State of Kansas for expenses actual iy incurred
in calling out, subsisting, and paying the militia
of the State of Kansas to repel invasion during
the present rebellion, and for other purposes;
which was lead afiistand second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Militaiy Affauy.
RAILROAD GRANT TO KANSAS.
Mr. WILDER also presented icsohuions of
the Legislature of Kansas asking Congress to
grant lands to aid in the constructfon of a raili oad
from Wyandotte, in the State of Kansas, in the
direction of Galveston Bay, Texas; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
KANSAS RAILROADS.
Mr. WILDERalso presented the resolution of
the Legislature of Kansas memorializing Con-
gress to amend the act of Congress entitled "An
act for a grant of lands to the State of Kansas for
railroads;'' which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
GRANT OF SCHOOL LANDS TO KANSAS.
Mr. WILDER also presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Kansas memorializing Con-
gress to grant school lands to the State of Kan-
sas; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
KANSAS RAILROAD TELEGRAPH LINE.
Mr. WILDER also presented the resolution of
the Legislature of Kansas asking a grant of lands
for a railroad and telegraph line from the eastern
line of the State viaPaola and Emporia; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
COLLEGE AT OLATIIE.
Mr. WILDER also presented the resolution of
the Legislature of Kansas asking a grant of lands
for thecndowmcn^oi'theCollege of Olathe; which
received (he same reference, and was ordered to
be printed,
POST ROUTES IN OREGON.
Mr. McBRIDE submitted a resolution, which
was read, considered, and agreed to, instructing
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
to inquire as to the expediency of establishing cer-
tain post routes in the State of Oregon.
AMENDMENT OF THIS CONSTITUTION.
Mr. WINDOM introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary:
Resolved by (he Senate and House of Representatives, 4'c.,
That (two tlimk of both Iloudes eoncuiring) the following
article be proposed to the Legislatures of the several States
as an amendment to the Constitution of the United States,
which, when ratified by three lourtbs of said Legislatures,
shall be valid, to all intent* and puiposes, as pan of taiil
Constitution, namely:
Article 13.
Sec. 1. Neither slavet y nor involuntary servitude, except
as a punishment for ciirno whereof the party shall have
been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States
or any place subject to their jurisdiction.
Sec. 2 Concress shall have power to enforce this arti-
cle by appiopriatelegislation.
NEW POST ROUTE..
Mr. COLE, of California, submitted a resolu-
tion, which was read, considered, and agreed to,
instructing the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads to inquire into the propriety of es-
tablishing a mail route from Los Angelos in Cali-
fornia to La Pas in Colorado.
RAILROAD FROM NEW YORK; TO WASHINGTON.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, introduced a bill
to provide for the construction of a line of rail-
way communication between the cities of Wash-
ton and New York, and to constitute the same a
public highway and a military road and a postal
route of the United Slates; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
select committee heretofore appointed upon the
subject.
DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion, upon which he demanded the previous ques-
tion, :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to iacjuiie into the expediency of establishing an
Executive Department to be stvled "the Department of
Revenue," to which -4iali 1m innthe chaige of cus-
toms, internal u-venue, cuueney, See., and that the com-
mittee report by lull oi otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
PENSIONS TO WIDOWS 03? CHAPLAINS, ETC.
Mr. KASSON introduced a joint resolution
relating to pensions, providing that whenever it
shall be established by due proof submitted to the
Commissioner of Pensions, under legulatmns ap-
proved by the Secretary of the Interior, that any
chaplain, commissary, quartermaster, or sutler,
duly appointed, and acting,shall engage m actual
military service on the battle-field, as acting mem-
ber of any regiment or company, or acting staff
officer, and shall be killed or die of wounds re-
ceived, the same pension shall be allowed in such
cases as is allowed m the case of officers of the
grade of second lieutenant.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time, and icferred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
MILITARY ROAD IN IDAHO.
Mr. KASSON offered a resolution, which was
rend, considered, and agreed to, instructing the
Committee on Militai y Affairs to inquire into and
report at the earliest day the practicability and
cost of opening a new road of travel and trans-
portation, with military protection, from the north
bend of the north fork of the Platte river to Vir-
ginia City m Idaho Tenitory, with leave to icpoi t
by bill or otherwise.
ACCOUNTING OFFICERS OF THE TREASURY.
Mr.GrRINNELL introduced a bill defining the
powers and duties of accounting officers of the
Treasury Department; which was read a first and
second time, and icferred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
GOVERNMENT INDEBTEDNESS TO MISSOURI.**
Mr. BLOW introduced a bill to refund certain
amounts due the State of Missouri; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
STATISTICAL REPORT.
Mr. BLOW introduced a resolution, which was
referred to the Committee on Printing, directing
the print i ng, for the use of the House, of ten thou-
sand copies of the report on the resources of the
United States made by Hon.S. B.Ru£glesto the
International Statistical Congress at Berlin, and
of the accompanying report to the Secretary of
State.
FOURTH DISTRICT OF MISSOURI.
Mv. BOYD introduced abill for the relief of the
inhabitants of the fourth congressional district
of Missouri; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Meaiis.
PENSIONS, ETC., TO HOME GUARDS.
Mr. ICING introduced a resolution directing
the Committee on Military Affairs to inquire into
the expediency of placing all disabled officers and
soldiers of the Missouri home guards wounded
and disabled in battle in the service of the United
States on an equal footing with other United States
volunteers in regard to pensions; also to the wid-
ows of such as have been killed in battle or have
died of wounds received in the scrvice.
Mr. HARDING. I suggest that the gentleman
also include in ins resolution the home guards
of Kentucky.
Mr. GRINNELL. And of Iowa.
Mr. PENDLETON. And of Ohio.
Mr. HOLM AN. Of all the States.
The resolution, modified so as to make it ap-
ply to all the StaJes, was adopted.
WESTERN DISTRICT OF MICHIGAN.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Michigan, introduced a
resolution, which was r^ad, considered, and
agreed to, instructing the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to inquire into the amount of business done
in the United States district court for the western
district of Michigan, and to report whether the
public interest would not be better subserved by
abolishing said district and incorporating the ter-
ritory embraced therein with the eastern district
of Michigan.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. ARNOLD offered the following resolution,
and moved the previous question on its adoption:
Resolved, That the Constitution shall be so amended as
to abolish slavery in the United States whet over it now
exists, and to prohibit its existence in eveiy part thereof
foiever.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. PENDLETON. On that motion 1 call
foY the yeas and nays, f
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas £8, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Mescjs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen. An*
cona, James S. Brown, ('lay, Coftroth, Cox, Cravens,
Dawson, Denni<-on, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridjre, English,
Fjnek, Glider, flail, Harding, Harrington, Benjamin G.
Harris, llernek, Holman, William Johnson, Kornan, King,
Knapp, Law. Lazear, Lons, Malloiy, McAlhstei, McDow-
ell. William ff. Miller, Janies R. Morris, Morrison.Nelson,
Noble, John O'Neill. Pendleton, Perry, Samuel J. Randall,
William II. Randall, Robitw n, Jame* S. Rollins, Ross,
Scott, Smith, John B. Steele, Stiles, Suomc,Stuait, Sweat,
Vooiheef, Wad^woith, Chilton A. White, Joseph VV.
White, Wmfield, and Fernando Wood— 08.
NAYS—Messi.s. Allev, Allison, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ler, Daily, Auguftu* C. Baldwin, John !>• Baldwin, Baxter,
Beaman, Jacob B. Blan, Blow, Botuwell, Bojd, Bran-
degee, Bioomall, Cole, CicmvoII, Hemv Winter Davis,
Thomas T. Davi-', Dawes. Doming Dixon, Donnelly,
Dripss. Dtimont. Eekley, EJmt, Fainswoi ill, Frank, Gar-
field^Crtnnell, Hale, Iluibv, Hooper, Amabel VV. Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, iluiburd, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Fran-
ci4- VV. Kellogg, Lonjiyear, Marvin. Medium, Mclndoe,
Samuel F. Altllu, Moorhead, MoiriU, Daniel Morris, Amos
M>er.-v, Leonard Mjf'S Noilon, (Jhaile* O'NeiH, Ortb,
Patterson, Perham, Pike, Poinetoy, Price, Alexander H.
Rice, John II. Riev, Schenck. ^cofield, Shannon, Smith-
eiv, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer,Thomas, Up*on. Van Valk-
enbmgh, Ehhu B. Wa^hburne, William B. Washburn,
Whaley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and Wmdom—79.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
During; the 1 oil-call,
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH stated that his
colleague, Mr. A. W. Clark, whs confined to his
room by sickness.
