1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL
of 100 per cent, profit on these various fabrics
and goods enumerated in the preceding tables,
$31 66 per head is not a large average consump-
tion of the people of the United States. The
preceding tables and calculations develop the most
astounding results. Tliey show that a tariff sys-
tem under the pretext of raising revenue for the
use of the Government of the United States has,
• in this period of war when every dollaris needed,
been so devised as to give the most extraordinary
and unreasonable bounty to the manufacturing
classes, in the case of many articles, virtually pro-
hibiting the introduction of the competing article
into the country.
protected and non-protected states.
Prom the facts which we have presented, and_
the tables showing the leading productions of the
western States, it will be perceived that the States
of the Union may be divided into two great classes
—the protected States and the unprotected States.
We speak in regard to their industrial interests.,
The manufacturing States, mainly the New
England States and Pennsylvania, are the pro-
tected States. The agricultural States are the
unprotected States.
States that produce« commodity in such abund-
ance as to furnish an ample supply for home con-
sumption and a large surplus for markets abroad
can derive no benefit from protective duties.
Our Government might impose a duty on wheat
and flour which would be absolutely prohibitory,
and it would not increase the prices of those arti-
cles in Chicago or New York. Thus the agri-
cultural States derive no protection from the du-
ties imposed by the present tariff on articles pro-
duced by agricultural industry. The men who
devised the present tariff, knew that a duty on
corn, wheat, tobacco, or cotton, was of no possible
benefit to the producers of those articles. They
were only tubs thrown to the whale, put in the
tariff for the purpose of deluding the ignorantand
unreflecting with the mere pretense of justice.
Mr. MORRILL. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman if he did not vote here the other day against
the termination of the reciprocity treaty, the term-
ination of which would admit all the agricultural
products of Canada free of duty, and if it is pos-
sible to levy duties upon those agricultural prod-
ucts without a termination of the treaty?
Mr. COX. I do not precisely remember how
I did vote upon itrbut I know how I ought to
havevoted. Thequestion gotalittlecompUcated.
Jam for allowing the largest liberty of interchange
possible. I never was afraid of buying in the
cheapest market and selling in the dearest market
I could find. That is my doctrine, which I learned
from a distinguished citizen of New England. I
have neverdeparted from that doctrine, and there-
fore I am in favorof the largest reciprocity treaty;
believing that the larger it is the better%it is for
the mass of our people.
Mr. MORRILL. How does the gentleman
propose to remedy the matter by having a treaty
of perfectreciprocity and a system of tariff duties
at the same time?
Mr. COX. I propose to extend it to all other
articles as soon as I can reach them, and to abol-
ish all indirectand insidious taxation in the shape
of tariffs. v
When interrupted 1 was showingthatthe tend-
ency of the present tariff system, and in fact of all
tariffs, revenue or protective, more or less is to
drain wealth from the unprotected States and ac-
cumulate it in the protected States.
It can now be understood why New Erfgland
accumulates wealth so much more rapidly than
the western States. I know it is arrogantly said,
" New England has more intelligence, thrift, in-
vention, and industry." I need not deny that,
and yet I can account for her immense gains on
another principle.
The interests of New England, and especially
of Massachusetts, are all subjects of protection
or bounty directly from the General Government.
We have shown how her leading manufacturing
interests are protected. Her fishing interests are
also encouraged by a direct bounty from the Treas-
ury of the United States; a half million, I believe
it is, being yearly paid to the fishermen of Mas-
sachusetts as a mere bounty, a gratuity without
consideration. We in the West ask and get no
bounty for the white fish of our lakes or the cat
fish of our rivers.
We refer more particularly to Massachusetts
for the reason that to her agency more than to
any other is to be attributed the civil war which
now devastates our country and threatens the
destruction of its civil institutions and of repub-
lican liberty. That State has been the unceasing
and unprincipled agitator, the fotftentor Of dis-
cord between the sections, the disseminator of
fanatical and dogmatical opinion, and tlie assail-
ant of the constitutional rights of other States;
and has thus done more than all other States to
bring our present calamities upon us. It is meet,
therefore, that we should consider how much she
has been benefited by the Union whose very ex-
istence she has put to such fearful hazard. ,
It is proper also, in this connection, to remark
that while Massachusetts has been most benefited
during the present war by the agency of the com-
bined tariff and paper money system, she has done
the least to support the war. Under the various
calls for troops up to March 1,1864, Massachusetts
has been reported deficient 20,592 men, a much
larger number in proportion to her population than
any other State; ana in order to fill her quotas,
instead of sending her own meddlesome and mis-
chievous citizens into the field, and exposing their
precious persons to the hazards of camp and bat-
tle, she has ransacked almost every State in the
Union, and even Canada and Europe for men,
filling her regiments with wofthless substitutes
and negroes. She is coining money out of the
precious blood of the land and the enormous waste
of wealth in this terrible war, while she takes care
that her own blood shall be preserved. She is the
most arrogant and mischievous State, the most
selfish and timid in the war which her mischievous
propensities have provoked, and she has the least
title of any of the States of the Union to the favors
of the Government.
Mr. DAWES. It is not only an old story, but
it had its origin and was nursed into growth by
the men who are now arrayed as rebels against
the Union; and my friend from Ohio is but re-
peating their old and stale charges, ground into
impalpable powder by the truth long ago.
Mr. COX. I have heard the gentleman say
that once before. I learned my principles not
from any one in the South, but from Dr. Way-
land, known in New England and throughout
the country as a good and great man; and it would
not invalidate bin doctrines if Davis andToombs
should repeat them from morning till night and
from year to year. It would not prove the truth or
falsity ofhis principles. If Jefferson Davis should
tell the gentleman that two and two make four, he
would deny it. When Davis says that two and
two make five, I deny it. Because a man now in
rebellion, when once here stated the truths and
facts in economy, which I believe, while I dis-
believe in secession, it does not militate against
these economic truths that he believes in secession.
It is not relevant to the argument for the gentleman
to bring the heresies of secession here to dis-
prove the injustice of the protective system on
tariffs. I know many abolitionists—among them
Wendell Phillips—who are free-trade men. Does
it follow therefore that Wendell Phillips is a dis-
unionist? I know he is a disunionist; but for
another reason, and not for that.
Mr. DAWES. Iam not troubling the gentle-
man with the inquiry as to where he learned his
principles. That is a thing I have not the least
concern about. What I said was that his charges
against New England were an old story, first
taught by the men who plotted and are now car-
rying on the rebellion, and the gentleman is but
repeating them here. Where he got his princi-
ples wilt be a matter of the least concern to us of
New England, who have no disposition to follow
them out or adopt them. The charges which he
brings against New England to-day can be found,
in haze verba, in the speeches of southern nullifiers
from John Calhoun clear down to the lastof them
who took his leave of us in this House in the Con-
gress before the present.
Mr. COX. That will do.
Mr. DAWES. That is all I want.
Mr.xCOX. Because John C. Calhoun and
those men disfavored the idea of bounties to
manufacturers, and also favored that of seces-
sion, therefore his opposition to bounties is a
fallacy like secession! According to that reason-
ing, Adam Smith was a secessionist; and the great
body of eminent men who have been true econ-
omists—Sismondi, McCulioch, Cobden, and in-
cluding even the venerable Dr. Wayland—who
have laid down the doctrine whicli 1 have tot-day
advanced, must all be, regardless ef the foolish
anachronism', stcestionjtts! Such is the result or
the sapient' argumentation of the gentleman from
Massachusetts. Daniel Webster himself advo-
cated free^tradeonce for Ne# England, and John
C. Calhoun advocated protection. As Webster
was for free trade, he was a secessionist, I sup-
pose ! The principles which I have applied to
the facts stated do not depend upon who have
announced them, but upon theirtruth. If those
men in rebellion have argued in favor of truth on
one subject, am I to give it up? If the devil
should tell the truth, atn I to deny it? The gen-
tleman himself may; but he yields to the devil
when he does it. I do not; therefore I do not
yield to the gentleman. Neither is it true that I
have copied in this argument the speeches otf
southern nullifiers in h<zc verba. No argument
on the tariff has ever been made on the -basis of
the census of 1860, and in connection with and in
relation to our papermoney system. I venture to
say that these views are as new as they are true.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Schenck.) Tha
hour of the gentleman from Ohio has expired. ,
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman will
be allowed to conclude.
Unanimous consent being given,
Mr. COX proceeded, as follows:
It may not be gratifying to the gentleman> but
I propose to prove all I said, and shall exhibit^
without fear of the charge of secession, the inter*
ests of Massachusetts which enjoy the protective1
bounties of the Federal Government at the ex-
pense of the people of other portions of the Union.
Capital invested and production of Massachu-
setts in the following manufactures in 1860:
Captal invested* Production*
Cotton*   $33,300,000 $36,745,864
Woolen  10,179,500 12,781,514
Leathert     ~ 10,540,056
Boots and shoes   11,169,277 46,440,209
Fisheries! -  • 9,300,548
©54,648,777 $n5,6B2,I85
In all manufacture*  133,000,000 266,000,000
Cotton manufacture in New
Hampshire, owned mainly in
Massachusetts, should be
added   13,780,000 16,661,531
f Capital not gtveh in the census tables.
In the above exhibit the House can see what
Immense interests Massachusetts possesses which
enjoy protection and bounty, and why it is her
Representatives are so sensitive when we of other
States undertake to call her to account for her un-
righteous gains. By applying the principle of
calculation herein before applied to the man-
ufacturing interests of the whole country, it can
be ascertained how much in dollars and cents
Massachusetts unjustly abstracts in the form of
protective bounties frorti the people of the Union.
Nor, in view of this exhibit, can any one be sur-
prised that Massachusetts, located in a rigorous
climate and possessed of a sterile soil, should ac-
cumulate wealth more rapidly than any other
State. .
We close our view of the operations of the
tariff and paper money system by appending
sundry tables showing some of the leading un-
protected products, contrasting the New England
and western States. Perhaps my friend from
Massachusetts may think before 1 am done, that
the census was taken in Massachusetts by seces-
sion ists.
UNPROTECTED PRODUCTS.
Lumber.
New Enslnnrt States ¥12,099.895
Western States  M,-274.793
Cattle.
Western Statct. Head.
Illinois 1,505,581
1 ndiami.   1,170,005
JOWH      536,254
Kans.w  87,855
Kentucky  836,059
Michigan  534,267
Minnesota  119,006
Missouri 1,168,984
Ohio 1,659,630
Wisconsin  512,66(3
8,130,711
In New England States    1,587,377
fife to jE n gland State*. Head.
Maine 377,067
New Hampshire ... .261,467
Massachusetts 279.914
Vermont 364,917
Rhode Inland 39,105
Connecticut 241,907
1.507,377
Balance in favor of western States.
wm
