78
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 5,
38th* Cong. ... 1st Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Voorhees.
Ho. op Reps.
Four biief but terrible years under the present
Administration will have consumed more than
three times an much of the wealth, the labor, the
taxes of the people as every other Administra-
tion oPthe Government put together, from Wash-
ington to James Buchanan! Do you still say,
in view of this startling fact, that there is no
necessity for a change in our policy and in our
rulers in order to save us from utter overthrow?
Are you still content that this rate of expenditure
shall continue? How long can it continue? By
the statistics furnished in the census of 1860,
the value of the real and personal property of
the entire United States, before war and destruc-
tion had assailed it, was $12,084,660,005. Even
admitting that it possesses the same value to-day,
yet the debt is one third of the whole amount.
But every one will acknowledge that an assess-
ment of the value of the property throughout
the United States now would not show more
than two thirds,of its former value. This would
be about $8,000,000,000. Of this sum the public
debt, in a tow months, will be more than one
half. Half the grain in the field, half the horses
in their stalls, half the cattle in the pastures, half
the hogs in the pens, half the land itself, every
other acre, will stand mortgaged for the payment
of a four years'dreadful experiment in the use
of the sword, and the sword alone, in attempting
a restoration of the Union. And even now, all
over the land, the excisemen, the tax-gatherers,
are swarming to enforce the foreclosure of this
crushing and relentless mortgage. It is held by
creditors who have iron hearts. There will be
no grace given; no equity of redemption. Aboli-
tionism is the principal holder; and then, con-
tracts and fraud hold the balance.
But allow me to make an application of this
debt to that great State a portion of whose peo-
ple I represent on this floor. Theassessed value
of all the real and personal property of tiie peo-
ple of Indiana in i860 was $411,042,434. The
proportion of the Federal debt which will attach
to that State June 30, 1865, will be $285,980,519.
It will therefore be seen that if throe fourths of
everything which the citizens and property-hold-
ers of Indiana possess was put up at auction and
sold according to the appraisement of the census
report, it would barely suffice to meet the demands
which the Federal Government iff making upon
the wealth and industry of that State. I am
aware that all this will fall idly upon the ears of
those who an; prolonging this war from motives
of despotism and unhallowed gam; but I speak
to-day for tho farmer and the mechanic—for the
laborer whose heart is filled with unselfish patriot-
ism, and whose hands are unstained by plunder.
I call upon that class to carefully estimate these
burdens, for on their weary shoulders they are
to be boi no.
But ngatn. I will be met here by the fact that
the payment of the principal of the public debt
will he postponed from one generation to another,
and tlmt like the people of iinghind we Will only
be called upon fonts interest. Taking even that
unworthy view of the question let us see what
will be the inevitable annual demands upon A met i-
canlaborin order to avoid open and acknowledged
bankruptcy. The estimate I make on the basis
of peace, after this war shall have closed, and the
utmost reduction made consistent with our altered
condition. I challenge scrutiny into its .substan-
tia! correctness:
Civil fi^t $V>00,000
Foreign intercourse    5,500,000
Interior, pennons, [mUaus,*&c  20.000,000
YV.ir Departmeut     1 :>0.U0O,U0()
Navy l)ep.u Uncut  Aj.OUO.OUO
Miscellaneous, hght-hou^e*, building  23,000,000
201.000,000
Interest on the public debt   2-10^012,78j
$UI,61-2,78.)
Every one of the above items is put much lower
than I candidly believe it will be, but even at
these rates we find that each year of the daikened
futuie, the Treasury Department will reach forth
the hungiy hand ot levenue and s-'ii'.e upon the
ij ults of industry to the extent of $441,612,785.
And the payment of this vast sum leaves us as
much in debt as before, for it pays not a dollar of
theenormous principal. It simply what must be
annually paid to prevent instant repudiation- It
constitutes the current expenses by winch alone
the Government is enabled to live fi om day to day.
How, then, is this annual sum to be raised by
the people? Taxes must be paid out of the earn-
ings of the people, and not by the sale of their
original possessions. Otherwise taxation becomes
confiscation, and soon the citizen would have
neither the means to supply revenue or to sup-
port life. If what the laborer earns over and
above his own livelihood is not sufficient to meet
the claims of the tax-gatherer, then sales com-
mence by which the Government sooner or later
will become the sole owner of all the estate of its
inhabitants. For annual payments you must have
annual earnings. The above annual sum must
be paid by a corresponding annual surplus earn-
ing in the hands of the people, after allowing
them to supply their own wants and necessities.
Now let us turn to an estimate of annual earn-
ings. The State valuations for taxable purposes
in 1850 and I860, according to an estimate made
by the financial ed if or of Hunt's Merchants'Mag-
azine, furnish us the average annual earnings of
the following States for that period of ten yeats,
as follows:
California  $10.frf>$,7H
Connecticut    10,5(JU,991
Illinois    29,2U9,472
Indiana  130,214,097
Iowa      11,221,10}
Kaunas    2,500,000
Maine  6,794,300
Massachusetts  31,554,<52
Michigan  10,707,662
Minnesota  3,000,000
New U.nnpshne  6,41^,284
New Jcr ey .  10,1)88,200
New Yoik  72,039,840
Ohio  45,809,780
Oiegon  ],Gsh2,f>15
Pennsylvania  5/,2 l,101
Hhode Klaiid  4,'34,513
V runout 
Wisconsin  15.4-jG.kb^
$3(34,131,862
I have not taken into account the border slave
States, as their situation is such as to defeat any
calculation of their earnings, at least for some
years lo come. It will be«een, therefore, that the
annual amount which from this time forward must
be paid into the Kedeial Tieasury exceeds by al-
most one hundred million dollars the total annual
earnings of the nineteen fiee States duiing a pe-
riod ofpcaceand unexampled prospeniy. Under
the present policy pui.sued toward the seceded
States, a half a century will roll uvvay before they
will again assist the wealth of the country. Their
whole system of produetiveness is to be destroyed.
Four millions of annual producers are to become
idle and worthless consumers, and a vast bureau
is about to be erected by which the Govern-
ment shall support tiie negro instead of the ne-
gro, a.s heretofore, assisting to support the Gov-
ernment. Time will show that emancipation is
the costliest feature of this war. Cotton, tobacco,
nee, sugar, will peiish as means of revenue. The
blow ot the Iixeculive which releases four mil-
lion hands from profitable labor, imposes the task
from which they are set free as producers on a
similarnuniber of white laborers. Jt does more.
They are still consumers; they must be fed, and
they will not feed themselves. The President
unconsciously uttered a philosophic truth when
ayeai ago he said of fiec negroes, "They eatand
nothing else." 3Nor can the gegro be much
blamed for accepting this easy life when an insane
patty tenders it to him, and lays the burden of
labor from which he is libeiated on the neck of
the white man. A totally ruined and impover-
ished South, her property destroyed and her slaves
set free, all simply means the annihilation of so
many sources of national revenue, and the con-
sequent enormous increased taxation in the North.
| Confiscation will not pay the expenses of its own
I machinery and execution. As a means of rcplen-
| ishing the Treasury it is notto be mentioned, ex-
; cept by madmen. Ail histmy beats testimony to
| the folly of thus attempting the liquidation of a
public debt. It must be met and paid by the
fruits of the soil produced by labor. And he who
rcduees the number of laborers Noith or South,
while or black, in the same pioportion multiplies
the toils and sacrifices of those wiio yet remain.
Mr. Chairman, I need not pause to dwell upow
the mathematical certainty of national and indi-
vidual bankruptcy and rum which the foregoing
calculations so conclusively demonstrate. The-
humblest mind in the land will grasp the fatal re-
sult upon which we are hastening. But some
superficial observer* intending too to further de-
ceive the popular mind, will doubtless point to the
surrounding appearances of general prosperity as
an answer to tins portion of my remarks. Money
is flowing in boundless profusion. Unnatural
prices are paid for everything. A meretricious
splendoi hails us upon the streets, at the tout, the
assembly,and the theater. The nation seems fat-
tening on blood and carnage. But this high fever-
ish flush which we everywhere behold is not the
genial warmth of health. It is the fierce hectic
glow of a swift consumption. It is-the herald of
death, and points to the tomb. What we call
money is not money, and the most gorgeous
wealth has no value, because it is a prey to the
monsterdebt. Frenchmen, mare thana hundred
years ago, dreamed of a fabulous fountain of pros-
peiity, and located it in the valley of the Missis-
sippi. The credit of the Mississippi Company be-
came the basis* of an illimitable paper emrency,
mid both the king and people of France hailed
John Law, its founder, a  the deliverer of their
kingdom. It was treason to doubt the infallibility
of his gigantic scheme of human credulity and
folly, as it is now to doubt the wisdom and final
success of our own financial Department.
Bancroft* the historian, well portrays our own
unhappy situation in describing thi g.rea.t delusion*
of the French, He says:
"A Government which had almost absolute power of le-
gislation, conspired to give the wildest extension to what
was culled credit. Law might have regulated at his pleas-
uie tin* nitcH'bl of nmncv, the valise ot storks and the
p-nce c f labor and produce. 'J'he content between paper
and specie began to lage—ihe one hnojed up by det-potic-
povver, the other appealing to common <se:ise " * *
* A 'Taper was marie the kgat cernhT in nil pay-
ments. To win she httle gold and silver that was hoaided
by the humlrle clashes small bills, as low even as. ten hvre^y
(a livre is about twenty cents,) weie yut.ni ciu ulation."
* * * * "When men are greattj- in the
wrong, especially when they have- ernbaiked then regimes
in then- eiror, they willfully resi i light. So it has been,
with the t'tcnch people; thrv icmiuiicd. l.wthful to the
delusion till 6'ianee was impo\eiu.hed> public and pnvatc
credit wh-i M/f>vnte<I, the income of eapitalkfcs mnilula-
ted^aml laboi left without employm-eni, while ni the* mi(Hc
of tiic universal wrctchedues.- c\fthe middling a few-
war speculator gkuied in their unjust acojUsUion and en-
joyment ol immense wealth.'"'
At about the same period a similar frenzy was?-
raging on the other side of thy English Channel*,
and British statesmen fancied they had foundthe
magic alembic by which papci? umied upo-u. credit
could be made to supply the uses of gold.
The trade of the South sea was Lo pay the debt
of England in twenty-seven years, and Sir John
Blunt issued Government bonds oiv the faith of
this fictitious weafth. Avarice and speculation
instantly seized like twin furies upon the heart of
the whole kingdom. The glittering beams of a
false and deceptive prosperity gilded every pres-
ent scene, and illuminated the lutui-e with the ra-
diant smiles of hope. The liritiah Parliament
resounded with high eufcogiuais upon the Snan-
cia! scheme which wa.s so soon to release the-
hands of English industry from the galling man-
acles of debt. We are listening, u-om- day to day
to similar speeches upon a similar subjects they
are made on the other side of the Chamber Hi de-
fense of the Department of theTreasuiy. Yet
woe and disaster followed' the experiment of pa-
per credit in England a* well a« in France;, and
Smollett, the historian,reiates ths fate of then pro
jeetors, fiom a study of which the arerniiccts of
A merican ruin may accurately determine the dos
tiny which hangs with certpouyouor theii; future't
" While at the moment a SVmtii^oa direstoi wasneareely
safem the streets iiom the vengeance of the populace, Law,,
the projector of the Mi^sb^ippt bubble m /ranee, was rly-
ing itu* his life from the people-whom ho had beggttt ;d. "
Sir, in view of the experience ef other nations,,
in view of leason ant} of f.icts, well- may the
Comptroller of the Treasury hi rase If, catching the
mutierings of the feairfU rising storm, like the
piacticed mariner at sea, utter a cry (if '^.rible
warning. In a recent address he fuMy confirms
the dark and disma) view whieh I Lave here ad-
vanced of our financial condition. He says:
" Sear constantly in ini *3>. akhoKi^b the loyal Suites ap-
pear superficially to be in a pio<pcr.ous eo^.uhtloa that such
