1706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
parts of tire bill are to operate so Jong as thp. Ter-
ritory continues; not this one. The very first ac-
tion that the Territory takes dispenses with this
part of the bill; and it seems that there are no
colored persons there. There are some States in
the Union where the colored person is allowed to
vote. He is not allowed to vote in my State.
The people of Illinois, by very decided majori-
ties, are opposed to allowing him to vote. ~VVe do
not allow females to vote in that State. I under-
stand that in some States of the Union, and un-
der some circumstances, females are allowed to
vole; jnd on the general principle that has been
proclaimed here of the universal equality of all
mankind, and womankind, too, I suppose, before
tile law, I do not know why women should not
vote.
Mr. COWAN. And persons under twenty-one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly. Why not per-
sons under twenty-oner
Mr. WILSON. That is not the right tone. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mas- j
sachusetts says that my tone is not the right one. |,
Perhaps it may not be; but, sir, if we have done ;i
anything to weaken the power of the patriotic ij
people to put down the rebellion, it lias been by ]|
assuming action which the exigencies of the conn- !
try did not require. We have a great work to do ]
to save the country, saye ilie Constitution, save j
constitutional libei ty. We want the aims and i
the help of all the people of the loyal States. We I
want to get up no divisions about whether women's j
rights should prevail, or about establishing for a j
temporary purpose in some far-oil Territory a j
principle that is to alienate and divide loyal men 1
and friends of the Government.
Sir, it is of a piece with another declaration
that 1 have heard sometimes in this Chamber, and
have always regietted when 1 have heard it, and
put down this wicked rebellion? Are the ener-
gies of the people to be wasted and their thoughts
occupied with discussing these abstract questions?
Now, sir, 1 wish there could be a feeling here
that would not thiustupon us any such questions
at such a time as this. I did not intend to take
up time in discussing this matter, nor am I now
to be betrayed into making a speech in regard to
it. All I mean to say is that the effect of such a
proposition is evil, and only evil, and that if we
are to have a united country, a united people in
the loyal States to put down this rebellion, we
must avoid raising issues at this moment that have
no practical importance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdrew my objection
to postponing the regular order of business on the
ground that there would be no debate, but I see
the debate is continued on this question, and my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] and
several others are trying to get the floor to debate
it further. I now hope the Senatot fiom Minne-
sota will not object to my moving to lay this bill
| aside and proceed to the consideration of the ap-
i propriation bill. There is no hurry about this.
| Mr. WILKINSON. 1 will say to the Senator
| that I did not anticipate this debate.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. It is evident the debate
| will be continued at some length,
i Mr. WILKINSON. I wish now to say some-
thing myself, but ! will not ask to do so to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to go on with the
order of the day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires no mo-
tion. The Chair understood it to be laid over in-
formally, but objection being made to doing so
longer, the bill comes up.
LEGISLATIVE, KTC., APPROL'XUATION IULL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (El. R. No
that was lhat it mattered not whether a thing was j 19:,n makln„ appropriations for the legislative,
/ n n<?i i t n rifinri 1 nr nnl. Sit . tins Gro vernmen t Can- . y . • - i • i  t    „ r , u,,
constitutional or not. Su , this Government can
not be saved, constitutional liberty cannot be j
saved, unless we save it under the Constitution. ■
We a re fighting for liberty regulated by law, for !
constitutional liberty; and so far i'tom strength-
ening- the Government, so far (rum weakening
the rebellion, you divide the loyal sentiment of
theNoith, you aid rebellion whenever you un-
dertake to do an act without constitutional author- j
ity. What is it that divides the loyal people?
How is it tiiat there is an opposition in the northern
States? On what is it based ? It is undertho pie-
tense that the Government tn its effort to pot down
this rebellion has usurped authoiity, has assumed
to itself powers not warranted by the Constitu-
tion I think these charges aie not always just.
I know they are not; most frequently they are
unjust. Hut I would avoid, if I could, the appear-
ance of a violation of the Constitution.
Mr. WILKINSON. Docs this violate the Con-
stitution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. I do not say that
this violates the Constitution. I think wo have a
right to organize the Teriitory by the Constitu-
tion, and authorize such persons as we think
proper to vote in its organization; but like some
other measures which have been resented to, the
tendency is to alienate and divide loyal men and
to help the rebellion. You give, men who are
really opposed to the Government something to
go befoie the people upon, and get up divisions
and distractions, when we want no divisions in
this country exceptbetween pan lots and tiaitois.
Let that be the hue. I want noothei issues untM
we shall have suppressed this rebellion.
[ was sorry when this proposition was intro-
duced, and without undertaking to discuss its in-
trinsic merits, whether the time may come when
it will be proper to allow colored persons to vote,
and f< males to vote in our elections—withouten-
tering on the discussion of any such question, I
say it is a needless provision here; it is of a tem-
porary character; and the only effect of it is to
make divisions in the Noi th and among loyal men,
and 1 regiet exceedingly that the proposition has
been thrust into Congress to go before the people
and be discussed upon the stump. Why agitate
the question during the summer as we go homo
among the people whether a colored man shall
have a right to vote at the first election m Mon-
tana, wheie these is not a coloied man? Shall
that be the question to be discussed, instead ot the
vital one of appealing to the patnousm of the land
to rally around the stamkud of the country and
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 18l>5.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the bill
on page 9, after line two bundled and seven, by
inserting:
So much of the second section of the act of Congi<"*«
nppioved the 8th oi August, 1MB, entitled k*An act to pio-
vide lor the moic ofiecui.d publication of the laws of the
United State*," as re^ett- the publication of the *<ud laws
to two of the new-papeis in each of the States and Terri
tones ot the United States, he. and the same us hcieby,
repealed m respect lo Suites and T<arito.les boideimg on
other Slates oi Tenitones undet the military control <>I in
sui«ents Pmriih'd. That the said laws he not published in
more than fotti newspaper in any Mich boulet State or
Teiritoiy: Jind prouded also, That the publication aloie-
said !-hail not lequnc any fuithei appiopuation In Congic^
to defiay the expense- theieo'*.
The object of this amendment is to allow the
publication of the laws in some of the border
States in newspapers that Will reach the insurgent
States. The laws cannot be published in any
papei s in the insmgeiu States, of course; it would
subject the publishers to imptisonment and the
papers to suppression; but there aie papers pub-
lished in Tennessee, m Mississippi, and in Lou-
isiana that have a considerable cuculation in the
insurgent States, and it is considered desirable
that the laws of Congress and the proclamations
of the President should reach the insurgents
thiough this medium, it requires no additional
appropi iation,as the appropriation is already suf-
ficient to cover the publication of the laws in all
the Slates, and there are some States in which it
is impracticable to do it. It is desired by the
State Depai tment, and is also desired by Gov-
einoi Johnbuii, of Tennessee. It is ut his sug-
gestion the movement is made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
to precede his amendment by the woid "and,"
because otheiwise it will not come m very well,
or else to make a sepaiate section of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will modify it by putting
the word "and" at the beginning of the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to. 4
Mr. FOSTER. I mo\e to am<md the bill on
I the 37th page, after line three bundled and ninety-
S six, by inserting an amendment, which I am in-
j structed to olTe.'by the Committee an Pensions.
I !t is recommended by the Secretary of the Inte-
| run. He deems it necessary for tile proper ad-
ministration of the Pension Bureau and of the
Department geneially.
Foi additional clerks in the Pension Uureau timing the
leniauidcr oi' fir present ri -eal \ e.n and the fiscal 5 < at (•lift-
ing the 30th day of June, 1865, the sum of $21,000: Pro-
vided, That the Secietary of the Interior, ar hn discretion,
shall be, and he is iiwreby, authorized to u e any portion of
baid appropriation tor piece vvoik, or by the day, week,
month, or year, at such rate or rates as lie may deem just
and fair, not exceeding a salaiy of $1,400 per annum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will risk the Senator, if
that office needs an addition, why it is not spe-
cifically defined whataddition it shall have, classi-
fying the cleiks, &c.
Mr. FOSTER. I am not able to say further
than that the Secretary of the Interior stated that
this he believed to be necessary, and could not
specify it more particularly than that, lie thought
this sum would probably b£ adequate. It will be
used at particular times, and it is to some extent
foreseeing exigencies that may possibly notarise.
He did not wish, therefore, to have a specific num-
ber of clerks and to classify them, because they
might not be necessary. It is not his purpose to
use any more of this appropriation than shall be
necessary, and he can use it in this way just to
the extent it is necessary and no more.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a sum given to
the Secretary of the Treasury by this bill of
§30,000 for the employment of additional clerical
force in ceitain cases if needed, and the classifica-
tion of those clerks is authorized; but it confines
htm in the use of it to the ftrst-class clerks at $1,200.
I do not see any necessity for going above the
§1,200 here. Let the amendment be read again.
The amendment was read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend it by say-
ing " $1,200" instead of" $1,400,''as a limit; lhat
is the pay of first-class clerks, if he employs an
occasional force, they must necessarily not be
hotter than first-class clerks. This is the limita-
tion imposed on tin1 Secretary of the Treasury:
I>}ondecl, That the Secrotaiy of the TicaMiry be and he
i-> heiehj authoi iz.cd, 111 hi* d it-ci etion, to clarity the clei Ks
niitlionzed ,ie<'oidm   to the character of then seiviee-., 01
a-.-isiii to-ueli"i them a-, he shall fit any eompei^auon
not exceeding that of clerks ot the tii-t cias-.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 doubt'whether it will be ex-
pedient to make that change. At certain seasons
theie is a great press of applications for pensions
that requite to be examined; they pass undei the
eye of exammeis, and it is necessary to metease
temporaiily the number of examines, requiring
a class of men of some experience , and an amount
of intelligence and capacity above a mere first-
class clerk; generally men of some knowledge of
the law and some cxneiience in matteis of that
sort which is acquired after pi act ice, and for
which $1,400 a year, or at that rate at the present
time, is a meager compensation. I do not believe
that the Secretary of the Interior or the Commis-
sioner of Pensions will employ men of thetgrade
unless it should be necessary, butif 1! should be,
I think money will be saved as well as time by
employing men who might be employed at that
prieji when a less price would not command
' them. 11 is true that it depends on the tiust and
: coniidenec we repose in the Secretary of the In-
terior and in the Commissioner of Pensions. 1
believe both of them will use the money econom-
ically, and will not employ men of the grade
named unless it would really be a saving to the
Treasury to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Maine to
the amendment of the Senator from Connecticut,
to strike out " foui teen" and insert "twelve."
Mr. COLLAMER. It creates a great deal of
trouble and confusion to have your prices differ-
ent m different Departments. I think if §1,2U0
is enough in one Department it should be in the
others.
Theamendmentto the amendment wasadopted;
and the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. NESMITH. i see that on page 32, iti
lines seven hundred and sixty-two and seven
hundred and sixty-three, there is an appropri-
ation for " wages of workmen and adjusters" at
the Mint at Philadelphia of $155,000. 1 inove to
amend that clause by striking out the words y one
hundred so as to le.ive the appropriation $25,000.
I move this amendment for theieason that I per-
ceive that for the mint in California tin* amount
appropriated for tin- same object for the same pe-
riod is $150,050—$25,000 more Liian is uppropii-
ated for the same service at the Mint in Philadel-
phia, wheio the cost of labor is aeknowiedgedly
much lower. 1 find that last year the appropria-
tions for the Mint in Philadelphia amounted to
