662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
account of illness, which will be read if there be
no objection. It will take up about five minutes.
A Member. Who is the letter from?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois, Mr. Lovejoy.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Mr. Speaker, I desire to express the hope that the
amendment to the internal revenue bill taxing liquors will
not bo allowed to remain. I trust the House will concur
In the Senate amendments. The more I reflect upon the
subject) and the more I become acquainted with the Tacts,
the more I am convinced that this reuooctivc tax is unjust,
Impolitic, and destructive o( the ends which it apparently
is intended to securc. It will require a number of tax-gath-
erers equal to the frogs which Invaded the chambers and
kneadmg-U'Oughs of the Egyptians. You will have to visit
the cioj^a-roads to find the retailors and gauge their half-sold
barrel of whisky, and extort, it may be, a lew dollars, and
receive multiplied execrations gratis.
The highest amount anticipated from this process is, 1
believe, §5,000,000. The city of i'eona alone, if you allow
the distillers to go on under the law as amended in the
Senate, will give you $7,000,000, and my whole di-tiiet
$9,000,000. This large amount, double, and in the estima-
tion ot good judges more than three times the amount which
you can got from relaxing the amount on hand, will be vir-
tually lo^t to flic Government, (or the distiller- cannot for
any long time carry on their manufactures under this ca-
pricious and cver-clianging legislation. If this new tax is
jsprung upon them now they will anticipate a Miniiar pio-
cess at the next session ot Congress; they wtil theielore
be afraid to buy the raw material when its pioduet is sub-
jeetto this retioaetive legislation. What would you think
of the fnrmpr who having drawn a full and foaming p.ul of
milk from his cow, should look covetously upon it as he
takes it to the milk house and determine to return imme-
diately and obtain another? The kindest animal would
get restive and kick under such an exhaustive proees«*. if
lie will only wait until night and let his cow have gnu-sand
water and tune he can get his bucket icfilled. So, if the
Government will deal fauly and justly with these distillers,
it will get a large revenue, paid m promptly and cheerfully,
but if it attempts this exhaustive process of renewed and
double taxation it will receive plenty of kicks and but a
seamy revenue. 1 Mate thi asmy honest, candid convic-
tion, and I entreat the House to review its action and eon-
cur in the amendments of the Senate.
As to the policy of the measme I will not dwell upon
that, but satiny myself with saying that n appears to me to
be one of the most impolitic things that could possibly be
done; that if it could be earned into execution—whi< h 1
believe to be impossible—it would be one of the most odi-
ous measures that could possibly be adopted. I have no
doubt that was the purpose of the mover. It Is the wily
Greek briugingthe wooden horse into Tioy. " Timco Da-
tiaos el dona jcrcntes"
The wise man has said, " in vain is the snare set in the
eight of any bird.'' I hope the Ilou-e will not be unwise
enough to step into a trap that really has no concealment.
E trust the House will foigtve the seeming egotism of these
remarks. Tdo notdistiust its wisdom oi its patiiotism,but
representing a district so Inigely Interested m this subject,
i beg the indulgence of submitting lhe.se few words to be
placed on record, lor they are in aceoidanee with my veiy
clear and honest convictions.
Pending the reading of the above, the follow-
ing discussion occurrcd:
Mr. HOLMAN, (interrupting.) I desire to
suggest that this communication be not rend, but
be printed as the remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
this argument of my colleague, who is confined
to his house by sickness, will be rend; and then
I want to have it answered by a paper which I
have in my hand.
Mr. COX. 1 gave my consent to the reading
of that paper only under the idea that it was an
excuse for the member's absence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated to the
House,as he supposed distinctly,thai its reading
would occupy five minutes, or less than five min-
utes.
Mr. COX. The Speaker did not state what it
was. 1 move that its further readincbodispensed
with.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman from
Ohio say that ho was deceived by the statement
of the. Chair?
Mr. COX. J think there will be no objection
to printing the paper.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Now York, [Mr. Davis,] who is upon
the floor, has yielded to me. Out of courtesy to
my colleague, (Mr. Lovejoy,] with wlmm I differ
ioto ccelo upon this question, 1 will have his com-
munication read, and allow it to come out of my
time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule, if the
gentleman from Ohio says he has been deceived
by the statement of the Chair 
Mr. COX. I will not say that the Chair has
everdeceived me upon any subject. I withdraw
my motion to dispense with the reading.
Mr. SWEAT. Itis very evident that the mem-
bers on this side of the House did get a wrong
impression from the remarks of the Speaker. I
did for one, most assuredly, ido not think this
is the time for letters to be sent here and read
upon matters of tins kind. ^
The Clerk resumed and finished the reading of
the communication.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
wish to tak-e up the time of the House in reply to
the remarks which my colleague has had read;
but I propose to have a tract read which I hold
ni my hand, and which I think answers pretty
much all he has said.
There are sdme things, however, in my col-
league's remarks to which I will allude, and which
I have heard agreatdeal about from other sources,
and that is the souice from which this pioposition
to tax whisky on hand comes. I am not in the
habit of looking at that so*particularly; I look at
the thing itself, and judge whether the thins: be or
be not in itself coriect. It makes no difference
with me who is the author of the provision.
A word, too, in relation to this trap, this snare,
which has been set for us country gentlemen, we
who occupy back seats in this House, and who
are not supposed to know much about legislation.
Sir, 1 supposed that this matter of taxing liquors
on hand was one of the simplest propositions
ever presented to this House. It was, as X said
when the proposition was made, merely the ques-
tion in a nutshell, whether we should put this
forty cents per gallon into the Treasury of the
United Suites or let it go into the hands of the
speculators; and, sir, the people through their
representatives here, the men who are the guard-
ians of the people's interests, have by a vote
nearly two to one, recorded themselves in favor
of this tax, and in favor of the policy and the
justness of it. I am awaic of the gieat efforts
which have been made—the successful efforts
which have been made elsewhere—since this pro-
vision parsed the House, to sink tins bill. And
it is to be seen by the vote to be taken here whether
those efforts have been equally succcssful in this
House. 1 ask, as a part of my speech, that this
tract whit^i comes from Illinois, and which was
got up in that State which is said to be so largely
interested tn tins question, may be read; and I
ask the House to listen attentively to its reading.
The Clerk read, as follows;
ReasonsJor (wing alt Jh^htviiia and Jlhohvl wldaffcr date.
Will the Coriyte*s ol the United ^tute-, because of f-pe
cial pleading of speculator, violate the Government's con-
tact with the manufaetuier ot hiehwines, and with the
people, who, in consuming the wines, pay the tax—sub-
mitted toby them because it (the tax) would go into their
(the United States) Treasuty ?
It is asserted by the opponents to a tax being laid on
wines on hand, that in doing ho the Government violate* a
eontiact. But as the violation of eontiact is really the ar-
gument advanced, let us see the refills ol an investigation
of the oiigmal law, and how it can be violated.
The mnonnl law enacts that any person may manufac-
ture high wines if s;ud peison will pay a tax of twenty cents
per gallon ou every gnllon made by him or them. It does
not say on eveiy gallon sold,"1 but on every gallon dis-
tilled, oi distilled and removed for consumption or bale.
Neither does Government, by any pioviston, provide to re-
duce, such tax of twenty cents pei gallon m eases whole the
consumption or demand will not, bj Usmniket pi ice, enable
I Ik* distilici to save hun^eli liorn loss. Notat all. On the
contiaiy, the bond is twenty cents lor every gallon made,
and in eas-e it n not paid, rhen confiscation ol the distiller's
piopeny, or his bondsmen"*', until it paid. In making
tin - eontiact the Government as-utes I he distiller piotoet ion
against dishonest competitor in di-nllmg, who, liom liaud
in not paying the lav,can sell ins wine* <-o low as to di i\ e
the honest disiillei fiom his business. If any contract ex-
ists between the Government and.inyone m tnghwines, it
is dually fetatcd above to bo between the uianulaffiucr on
one part and Government on the other—being the mnnnfae-
tiner ngieeingto pay (not the consumer) to Government
twenty cents on eveiy gallon made, and m coiisideiatiou
Government agreeing to protect him in bis rights against
all competition, both toieign and native.
Government never made a contiact with the speculator
in wines or with the ton-uincr of wines that tin / would
not tax wines ou hand; but they did agree that they would
piotect the maiuifactuicr m his legitimate business. Tins
being so, what will be the result of an inciea-ed tax on
wines made atter dat", and no incieasu of tax on wines on
hand, oi sold aftei date?
Will not the distiilei be compelled to suspend his dictil-
ieiy until the stock of wines on hand is consumed? (.'an
he manutacluie wines and pay Government sixty cents per
gallon tax wh'-n the stock on hand can be sold, fioin non-
taxation, at five, ten, or twenty cents loss than his costs
him alter paying the tax? This being >-o, does notGovem-
ment violate its eontiact with the manufaetuier by uusing
the tax on Ins products so a* to stop his distillery, lose ins
"•half-fed stock,and lose the business m which he in-
vented, under a contract with Government, his money? And
must lie now be deprived of his i ights because of a combi-
nation of speculator having banded together to lob the con-
sumer by an increased piospcctive tax, and to make the
Government rob itself and the peopje by enacting such law,
and for which the Senate committee plead with reasons as
follows:
1. That the amount to be collected on would "not be
woith the candle."
u As the amount on band is only some two hundred and
fifty thousand barrels, which would give, at forty cents,
some five million, or if even double, ten million dollars,
would not warrant the tumble; and that the information
which was laid before the committee, and on which tho
committee actand make the recommendation, has been ob-
tained from parties opposed to taxing wines on hand. This
is an honest admission."
2. That it would be establishing a precedent in taxation
entirely new. I am told " that it has never been done in
England," "on authority." u J have not personally exam-
ined it myself; because I was told there was no doubt of the
fact." From his obtaining the information that the stock
on hand was two hundred and fifty thousand (which does
not evcced one fourth ot the stock on hand) fiom paities
opposed to the tax, is it not fair to infer that this Ja«t in-
formation was obtained fiom the same authonty, for the
fact is that the English Parliament did place au incieased
tax on all spirits on hand? It was done in the year I860.
By reference to the Statutes General of Great#I3ritaln for
1860 it will be seen that a like objection was obviated with-
out difficulty. On the yyth of February an act was passed
levying duties upon certain goods and commodities. On
the 17th of July, in the same year, an act was passed in-
creasing the duties upon the same artielcs. And then, to
obviate the difficulty in icspeet to contracts previously
made, the following provision was enacted :
"And wheieas conti acts or agiccments may have been
made for the sale or delivery of some of the goods or com-
modities on which increased oi additional duties of cxcise
are by this act gianted and imposed, which contiacts or
agieements may have been made with no refcience tosucli
additional duties, and thereby the several conuactois may
be materially affected ; for remedy theieof,
" Be it enacted, That eveiy peison who shall have made
or entered into any such contract or agreement thall be,
and isheieby, authorized and empowered, m the ca-«e of
any such contract oi agreement, to add so much money as
will be equivalent to the increased or additional duty
hereby giantcd on such goods or commodities respectively
to the price thereof, and shall be entitled, by virtue of tins
act, to be paid, and to sue and recover the same accord-
ingly."
If infoimntioi! was wanted why not apply to the pioper
sourer—the Commissioner of Internal Revenue—who could
(or ouulu to be abie to) luinish him with the number and
capacity of each distillery per day; which would, by sim-
piymultipljingthe pioduet of number and capacity per day
with the number of days fiom September 1, lt*CJ,to the 4th,
give the quantity made; which, by dividing by two, would
give tiie quantity on hand.
The Government has no right to violate a contract made
with the consumers, which was, " if you will enable the
distiller to make wines—by your paying the tax—wo will
see that Mich tax shall be applied to the payment of your
debts, and not into the pockets of speculators.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. When the vote
was taken in the House the other day upon this
bill I voted in the negative; and I did so because
I was opposed to the principle of retrospective
action in legislation. I am in favor of raising
revenue for the Government to the fullest extent
the necessities of the country may require; but I
wish to do it on some principle which shall not
unsettle the manufacturing and producing inter-
ests of the country.
Legislation should be uniform; it should be just;
and I insist that the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Fernando
Wood] the other day is not a just or a proper
amendment. Jt injuriously affects the interestof
those who hold property which has been manu-
factured and which has paid to the Government
every penny of duty which the revenue law de-
manded. When you unexpectedly add a new
duty, and go back and retax that which has paid
a tax, and which has been bought in the market
at the maiket price, you commit an act of injus-
tice and oppression, and establish a precedent
which will be dangerous to every producing in-
terest throughout the land. I voted against the
bill because it contained such a provision; and why
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Fernando
Wood] voted against the bill, containing his own
amendment, is a question for him to decide, not
for me.
It has been said by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washburn*:] that the vote m this House
indicated the disposition and determination of the
House to stand by the proposition of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood.]
It may iiavedoneso; yet when thegentleman pro-
nounces that amendmentan act of wisdom, I can-
notageee with him. The legislation ofthiscoun-
try should foster our producing interests. It
should show the manufacturers that while we call
for money from all classes of society, we design to
call for it upon principles which shall be uniform
and just to all men; and I declare that there is no
justice in reaching back to that which has once
paid its duty to reimpose another tax before the
