80
APPENDIX TO THE COFG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Marcli 23,
38th Ooxe....lst Sess.
Militarrj and Post JRoacls—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
every Territory and .State, for every purpose for
which a national jurisdiction was conferred by or
implied in the Constitution. Thatsacied instru-
ment gives to Congress, not by inference, not by
implication, but by express word, not only the
power but the exclusive power of regulating com-
merce with foreign nations and between the several
States.
What is commerce? It is the interchange of
property and production between cities and cities,
between States and States, between nations and
nations. It embraces the transit of persons from
foreign countries to this countiy. It embiaces
the transit of all persons from any State in this
Union to and from and through every other State
of the Union. It relates as well to the vessel and
its freight as to the rivers, the canals, or the lakes.
It relates to ail the channels, avenues, instruments,
agencies, and incidents of intercommunication.
It relates to railroads and to trains, as well as to
rivers and steamers. Thi# is the commerce, for-
eign and domestic, which for the wisest reasons of
policy and necessity was left to the exclusive con-
trol of the Congress of the United States. We
meet the power almost on the threshold of the
Constitution; and let me remind this House that
the necessity for conferring this power upon the
General Government was one early and clearly
perceived, and was insisted on before the adoption
of the Constitution, and even before the signing
of the Art teles of Con federation by the Now Jersey
delegates to the Convention. Yet the New Jersey
of to-day resists the exercise of the power.
The gentleman from Maryland, my honorable
friend on my left, [Mr. II. Winter Davis,] who
addressed the House yesterday, alluded in elo-
quent mid glowing terms to the wisdom and sa-
gacity of the frumers of the Constitution, lie
always speaks well and eloquently, and although
1 may not say of hmi, what Johnson said origin-
ally of Goldsmith, and another applied to the phi-
losophic, learned, and eloquent iiutke, "There
is nothing; that he does not touch: he touches
nothing that he docs not beautify," I may say
that there is no subject which he consideis that
lie does not illumine by the fire of his intellect,
and grace with the classic purity of his diction.
Without pretending; to recall his precise language,
I will simply reproduce* the idea that human wis-
dom never before in the structure of civil govern-
ment embodied in such brief terms so much of
fuiecast and of wisdom as are exhibited in our
Constitution, and that nothing could be more sig-
nificant of the profound wisdom of its franiers
than the simple fact that, no matter to what teats
the Government of the Constitution has been sub-
jected, no matter through what fiery ordeals it has
passed, no matter by what danger of treason and
rebellion it has been surrounded, there is still found
within it provision for every emergency, and
every power essential to its preservation.
It wny tins spin! of prescience winch dictated
in such simple and concise terms (hat Oongiess
shall have power to regulate commerce with for-
eign nations and among the several State*."
When the Constitution was adopted, the old
States of the Union lay stretched along the shore
of the Atlantic, while the now teemim: and pop-
ulous West remained an unbroken and uninhab-
ited Wilderness. The father# of the Constitution
with propijeticeye looked into the future and saw
far oft", along the lakes and beyond the Aliegha-
mcs, 4< the star of empire lead the way." They
saw State afon'Statc com" forth from the shadows
of the forest to join their sisters of the East in
enlarging the area and increasing the power of the
American Republic. It was for this reason that
the Constitution gave to Congress the power to
erect from UsTerritories new States, which might
be admitted into the Union with all the rights and
p! i v i leges of original States. And when this vast
wiklei iless should be peopled, when the resouices
of these new States should he developed, when
with their unlimited productions they [should seek
the avenues of commerce to other States or to the
ocean, who should control those avenues, who
should diiect that commerce15 If the control of
commercial communication nstwl with the At-
lantic States, the entire West, having no natural
channels to the ocean, might he foi ever excluded
from participating in the advantages thus enjoyed
by the elder sisit-is of the Republic, and it was
to establish equality of right and of privilege be-
tween all that the regulating of commence was
committed to the care of the national Congress.
By way of illustration, Mr. Speaker, let me re-
fer to the physical position of New England, New
York, and New Jersey in our national organiza-
tion. From the southern point of New Jersey,
at Cape May, in latitude 39°, we have eight de-
grees to the northern boundary of Maine, in lati-
tude 47°. From the Canadian boundary there
stretches the mountain chain of the Appalachi-
ans through New England and New York, broken
only by the Hudson at the Highlands, and, pass-
ing southerly through northern New Jeisey and
Pennsylvania, terminates only in Alabama and
Georgia. Throughout this almostcontinental dis-
tance but one single line is found practicable for
water commuriication^between the Atlantic and
the lakes. That, sir, is through my own State,
by the Hudson, through the valley of the Mo-
hawk, and through the counties of Madison, On-
ondaga, and other counties, where the northern
spurs of the Appalaehinns sink into the plains.
It was on this hue, thus marked outby the finger
of nature as the gieat highway of commerce be-
tween the valley of the Mississippi and the At-
lantic, that the geniusof Clinton constructed that
vast work of internal improvement which has con-
ferred upon my State her imperial name.
Now, sir, suppose that New York and New
Jersey alone, thus virtually occupying the eight
degrees of latitude from Cape May to the Canada
line, thus holding the only possible water com-
munication with the great West so long as the
mountain ranges reartheir crests toward heaven,
had, under the pretense of sovereign right, au-
thorized acorporation to construct the Ene canal,
and for a eonsuleiation in hand paid, and in con-
sideration of tolls and taxes to be paid upon every
luckless passenger and every pound of freight
transported or to be transposed along and upon
the canal, had given to such corporation for one
hundied years an exclusive light to cairy freight
and passengers thereon fiom the Hudson to Lake
Erie, and had moreover pledged their sovereign ty
to permit no other mode of transportation across
said States which might or should compete with
said canal in its business—no matter what im-
proved means of transportation might be intro-
duced; no matter what new avenues capital might
be willing to open; no matter what incieased
speed and facilities might he secured by the in-
vention of the locomotive and the i ail way—I think
we should be forced to the conclusion that New
Yotk and New Jersey weie in some slight degree
exercising those very powers in the regulation of
commerce which the Constitution declares shall
be vested in Congress. If the argument is said
to be weakened by the combination of two States
in the proposition, it may be simplified by sup-
posing that i\ew Jersey, in her jut isdiction, ex-
tended over the territory of New Yoik, and had
alone gi anted a charter to the J Delaware and Rai i-
tan Canal Company and the Camden and Amboy
corporation to construct the improvement.
Sir,such is neither the policy nor the spiiit of
our inst itutions The policy of this Go\ eminent
is to foster comniuve by opening up to it in-
cieased facilities of intercommunication. That
policy controls tln  governments ofai! these States
where enterprise seeks the developnx nt of phys-
ical resources. Monopolies are among the things
that were. Old icstricimns and exclusive powers
have been swept away by the power of public sen-
timent controlling legislative action in the enact-
ment of general laws for internal improvements.
In Maine, New [lamp-dine, Vei mont, Massa-
chusetts, Connecticut, New York, Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin, and almost every-
where in the bee States, the commerce of the coun-
try and the creation of new avenues for its con-
venience have been thrown open to free and
unrestricted competition.
Sir, the Statu ofNow Yoik,in her great canal,
connecting the wnteis of the ocean with the mag-
nificent system of Mediterranean seas, unrivaled
on the globe m extent and beauty, held the key
to the poi tals of the great West. In addition to
^3,000.000 which v, e; e originally expended in the
construction of her canal, she enlarged the struc-
ture at a cost of nearly twenty millions. To sustain
this work she imposed no duties on the stranger
which she did not impose on the citizen; and yet,
when the railway and the engine came, as the
gift of genius to civilization, New York, of her
own free will, and while special charters were yet.
required, authorized the construction of railroad
lines, side by sidp, from Albany to Lake Eue,
and on their completion permuted them to trans-
port passengers and freight, through or local,
without tax or duty, and in direct competition
with her own improvement. Sir, this was mag-
nanimous. No cry of exclusion or monopoly
was heard at home or abroad. A new line of com-
munication offered new facilities to commeicc
which commerce did not fail to improve. The
lake marine increased with the demand for its em-
ployment, and still the increasing productions of
the West demand new avenues. The New Yoi k
and Erie railway opens a third, ami that again is
crowded to its utmost capacity. Production press-
es upon the facilities for transportation, and that
which cannot be carried overthe mostexpeditious
and convenient avenues is forced to the mountain
passage of the Pennsylvania Central.
What, sir, is the lesult of this ftee competi-
tion? In 1862 the revenues of the Erie canal were
$4,000,000, while the income of the New York Cen-
tral and Erie was about ten million dollars each;
and a singular feature in the history of this im-
mense and unfettered commerce is that even wheat
and flour were transported from Chicago to New
York at the same price per bushel or bai lei by the
lakes and canal from Buffalo or Oswego, by the
lake, the New Yoik Central and the Hudson, by
the lakes and the New Yotkand Eiie,and by lail
exclusively over the Pittsburgh, Foi t Wayte- and
Chicago and the Pennsylvania Central. Wheie,
sir, would the West have been in its development
and giowth if New York, hugging the delusive
phantom of corporate monopolies, had intrusted
her destinies to the canal and the tow-path J Let
the monopolists ofNewJersey, if they would ben-
efit the Stale and the country, imitate the liberality
of New York and restore their State to freedom
of commeice and of opinion and to the respect of
the woild.
Let me for one moment suppose that, instead of
throwing the construction ofVonimercial avenues
open to fice com petit ion, the State of N<;wYoi k had
authorized across it only a railioad, undi r stipu-
lations of monopoly and protection like those
granted to the lX-lawaie and Raritan Canal anil
the Camden and Amboy Railroad Companies,
what would our western friends have said when
finding no way of reaching the East through New
York save on one route, upon a siftgle tuuk, and
under the direction and control of a monopoly
careless of their comfort because they could not
goejfewhere? What would our friends from the
golden West,from California, tiue and faithful to
the Union from the beginning, have said, if in
every State, from Nevada to Maryland, they had
found monopolies established and protected by
law, with a light to impose a tax upon passen-
gers for the benefit of the State simply because they
were not so far dishonored as to be citizens?
In my deliberate judgment, sir, the principle
claimed by the opponents of this bill is one that
is constitutionally unsound, practically insuffer-
able and unsafe, and not to be recognized by those
who claim for the Government that supremacy
in matters of general and national concernment
which is vested in it by the necessities of its be-
ing, and by the express or implied language of
the Constitution. The recognition of that princi-
ple concedes that the lobulation of commerce is
in the States, exclusively,and not in the Feduial
Government.
I do not pretend norcltfim that under the Con-
stitution the Federal Government has in ail things
absolute power. It is a Government of limited
powers, but whenever power is eonfoi red by word
or by necessary implication, which is essential to
a national Government, and the exercise or res-
eivation of which by the States would be incom-
patible or inconsistent with the duties and obli-
gations devolved upon the Fedeuil organization,
then and there I hold the Federal Government
to be a^ supreme and absolute as if no State hues
existed between the oceans, and no State govern-
ments exercised political authouty. Now, when
Congress is charged with the power to regulate
commerce, its failure to fulfill its entire functions
