1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
vm
Pensions, in both of whom I have confidence, ask
for this amendment as I now propose to alter it.
I do not believe that it will make substantially
any great difference. It will not certainly create
adistinction between the Departments, f<5r the rea-
son that all the Departments now have §1,400 and
$1,200 clerks. But so far as this immediate amend-
ment goes, I am not aware that it makes any dis-
crimination of which any other Department will
have any right to complain. It is not to create
Ecrmancnt clerks with this salary; they may not
e used for a day; but if it should be necessary
in a press of business at the office to command a
man who could be employed at the rate of $1,400
a year for a month, or a few months, it would be
desirable certainly to do it rather than to employ
two at $1,200. I offer the amendment, not for
the purposeof drawing money from the Treasury
but with a view to save it, for I am as desirous of
saving it as the honorable Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This very bill makes the
distinction. L read the provision by which the
Secretary of the Treasury, to whom we gave
$30,000 for the same purposeof employing extra
cleiks, &c., was limited to $1,200 clerks. If this
does not make any particular difference and the
object can be accomplished, I really think it would
not be worth while to make the distinction. Al-
though I have the same confidence m the Com-
missioner of Pensions as my honorable friend
has, yet I am confident he can get along very
well with $1,200 clerks. He cannotbe supposed
to be cognizant of the facts that I am cognizant
of with regard to the other Departments; and
after all, we cannot comply without any hesita-
tion with the wishesof these officers. We must
exercise our own judgment upon it, being ac-
quainted with the facts m relation to the other De-
partments that they are not. I really think my
friend had better abandon the amendment and let
the proposition stand as it is.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senate is thin, and was
at the time the amendment proposed by the hon-
orable Senator was adopted. I do not wish to
divide the Senate. If Senators will give expres-
sion by tiie vote when it is called for, so that we
may see how their minds are affected by it, I
shall not ask for a division of the Senate.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment was concurred in.
The amend meius were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time,and passed.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN the title of the
bill was amended by adding the words," and for
other purposes.5'
ASAHEL BUSII.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 38.
Mr. SUMNER. Will it occasion debate?
Mr. ANTHONY. No; I do not think it will
give rise to any debate whatever.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 38) to authorize the settle-
ment of the accounts of Asahel Bush, late public
printer for the Territory of Oregon. It author-
izes the proper accounting officerof the Treasury
to audit and allow the account of Asahel Bush,
late public printer of the Territory of Oregon, for
printing, binding, &c., in the year 1855, five hun-
dred copies of the statutes enacted by the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory at its sessions of
1853-54 and 1854-55, and allow for the same such
prices as were by law allowable for such services
at that time.
Mr. HALE. I should like to hear some ex-
planation of this bill. Do we usually pay the
printers of these Territories?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there a report accom-
panying the bill ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir; there is a printed
report, it explains the whole matter perhaps as
succinctly as I could do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the report, from which it
appears that Asahel Bush, late public printer of
the Territory of Oregon, asks payment for print-
ing and binding, m the year 1855, five hundred
additional copies of the statutes enacted by the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Oregon
at its sessions of 1853-54 and 1854-55. By an act
of Congress, approved August 14,1848, (Statutes
at Large, ix, 323,) "-to establish the territorial
government of Oregon," it is declared (section
eleven) that " there shall also be appropriated,
annually, a sufficient sum to be expended by the
secretary of the Territory, and upon an estimate
to be r(iade by the Secretary of the Treasury of
the United States, to defray the expenses of the
Legislative Assembly, the printing of the laws,
and other incidental expenses" of the Territory.
The claimant, Asahel Bush, was, during the
years 1853, 1854, and 1855, public printer for the
Territory of Oregon, and by an act of the terri-
torial Legislative Assembly, passed January 11,
1854, (Statutes of Oregon, page 432,) he was or-
dered to print, annually, one thousand copies of
the laws enacted at each session.
The code of laws adopted by Ihe Legislative
Assembly, in addition to the legislation of the
session of 1853-54, formed, when printed,an oc-
tavo volume of upward of five hundred pages.
There being at that time no facilities in the Terri-
tory of Oregon for publishing such a volume,
Mr. Bush brought the manuscript to the city of
New York, procured the execution of the work
in accordance with the act of the territorial Le-
gislative Assembly, and forwarded five hundred
copies thereof to Oregon,byexpress, which were
received by the secretary of the Territory. The
remaining five hundred volumes he shipped by a
sailing vessel to San Francisco, where they were
reshipped on a steamer for Oregon, and were lost
by the wrecking of that steamer while on her
voyage, in November, 1854. The territorial Le-
gislative Assembly of Oregon, which commenced
its annual session in the month of December fol-
lowing the loss of these five hundred volumes,
taking into consideration the unavoidable nature
and consequent hardship of the loss, passed an
act releasing Mr. Bush from his obligation to
complete the delivery of one thousand copies, as
had been stipulated, with the proviso that he
should " not receive any pay except for the fivp
hundred copies already delivered." (Statutes of
Oregon, pages 469-70.) Having thus released the
territorial printer from prior obligations, the Le-
gislative Assembly ordered him " to cause to be
printed five hundred copies of the laws of a gen-
eral nature passed at the last and present ses-
sions, " (1853-54 and 1854-55,) which was done
in accordance with the order. The account of
Mr. Bush for the five hundred volumes of the
first published volume, which were delivered,
has been paid from the Treasury of the United
States. No account has been or will be pre-
sented for the remaining five hundred copies,
which were destroyed by shipwreck, and which
he was not bound to deliver, after the Legisla-
tive Assembly had released him from his obliga-
tion.
But when Mr. Bush presented his account for
the publication of the second volume, ordered by
the second section of the act of the Legislative
Assembly of January 30, 1855, he was only paid
for the presswork, paper, and binding, and for
the composition of the laws of 1854-55, from the
public Treasury. Payment for the composition
of the laws of 1853-54 was refused by the account-
ing officersof the Treasury, for the alleged reason
that there was no money appropriated by Con-
gress applicable to such purpose. In the opinion
of the Treasury Department, this reprint of the
territorial laws was not legitimately chargeable
against the regular appropriation for printing, but
became a proper subject for legislative considera-
tion; yet the act of Congress under which the
Territory was organized does not warrant this
conclusion, as it directs "the printing of the laws,"
without in anv way restricting the power of the
Legislative Assembly as to how often the laws
shall be printed. The reprintingof thecodcand
the laws of 1853-54, of which but five hundred
copies were in existence, appears to have been de-
manded, and the Legislative Assembly evidently
considered themselves empowered to order a
second edition. The committee think: that the
publication of the volume printed in 1855, for
which there was, on the 6th day of August, 1856,
(according to the statement of Hon. Elisha W hit-
tlesey, then First Comptroller of the Treasury,)
a balance of $3,638 20 remaining unpaid, was
necessary; that the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Oregon was justified in ordering it,
and that the work was well performed. Under
the legislation by Congress and the territorial
Assembly, the claim of Mr. Bu,£h is considered
just and equitable. * % ' '
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire (for I do ^not
know) if that is the ordinary mode in which Con*
gress pays the printers of territorial Legislature^
for printing the laws of the Legislatures?
Mr. ANTHONY. Always. Congress pays
all the legislative expenses of the Territory.
Mr. HALE. This is a reprint.
Mr. POMEROY. They f>rint them once, I'
know; but do they print edition after edition; of
the same laws?
Mr. ANTHONY. This is not an edition after
edition of the same laws. The territorial Legis-
lature ordered a thousand copies of the laws to be
printed. They had to be printed in New York,
as there were no facilities for printing them at that
time in Oregon. They were sent in two separate
vessels to Oregon. Half the edition was lost. That
edition was not paid for. No claim was made for
it. The portion that was delivered was paid for.
The Legislature then ordered a reprint of the laws,
adding thereto the laws of the subsequent session.
The Comptroller decided that he had no right to
pay for the setting of the type for the reprinting
of the laws of the first session; he could only pajr
for the setting of the type for the additional laws-
of the subsequent session that were ordered. The
Comptroller had no doubt of the justice of the
claim; but there was no appropriation applicable-
to it. The Committee on Printing of the Senate
have examined it and have no doubt about it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and ]
REPEAL OF FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the.consideration of Senate bill No.
141, to repeal all acts for the rendition of fugitives
from service or labor.
The question being put, there were, on a divis^
ion—ayes sixteen.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We must have the yeas
and nays in order to obtain a quorum. 1 call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ner, Dixon. Doolittle, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
flairs, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane,
of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman,
Sumner, Ten Evek, Trumbull, and Wilkinson—26.
NAYS—-Messrs. Buckalew, Carhle, Cowan, Davis, Hen*
dricks, Powell, Riddle, SauUbury, Van Winkle, and VViiley
—10.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider Lhe bill? It proposes to repeal all acts of
Congress or parts of ac,ts providing for the rendi-
tion of fugitives from service or labor.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a thir4
reading, and was read the third time. «
Mr. FOSTER. I am not prepared to see this,
bill passed just now. I did not, however, appre-
hend that its passage was to be called for at this
moment. I supposed the Senator from Massa-
chusetts was to address the Senate upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. I am sure I have not the least
desire to address the Senate. It seems to me t$j
be perfectly plain. It is like a diagram; it is like
the multiplication table; it is like the ten com-
mandments. 1 do not wish to say a word upon it.
Mr. FOSTER. That may be. Still I did not
apprehend that the bill was to be put on its pas-
sage at the present time, and 1 confess I expected
to say something upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. It has been for two month?
before the Senate, and I have tried at least a dozes-
times to get it up.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we may as well pass-
the bill now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. BUCKALEW. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not intend to dinr
cuss the bill that is now before the Senate except
so far as may be necessary, in a ver-y-few words*
to state the reasons why 1 shall vote against it.
If the joint resolution which the Senate passed
a few days ago proposing to amend the Consti-
tution of the United States so as to abolish ela-
