1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military'and Post Roads—Mr. Darns.
He. osrRirs.
is no abandonment or extinguishment of the pow-
er. The functions may be exercised at will, and
in subordination to expediency, as the power to
establish post offices and post roads, or to declare
war, or to create a navy. The power lies dor-
mant, yet neither dead, nor shorn of its full vigor.
Congress has therefore permitted to the States,
and very properly, too, the control of the domes-
tic commerce of the country, and the creation of
its avenues, subject" only to the interference of
Congress whenever the general good or the pub-
lic and national necessities demand such inter-
ference.
The forbearance of the Government is urged
as evidence of its want of original authority. It
is even said that the decisions of the courts have
bf^en adverse to the exeicise of such power by
Congress; and the honorable gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Rogers] has here criticised some of
the cases cited in the report of the committee, and
has also read largely from the opinions of the
chanccllor of New Jersey to sustain his position.
I cannot exhaust the brief hour allowed me for
discussion by any professional criticisms upon ju-
dicial opinions; but I undertake to say the adju-
dications of our Federal courts expressly recog-
nize the existence in Congress of the power claimed
by the committee in their report, that this power
relates to the vehicle of transportation as well as
to the thing transported, to persons as well as to
property, and to every incident of commerce be-
tween foreign Powers and the States, or between
one State and any other State. I maintain, more-
over, that the jurisdietionof Congress is supreme
and exclusive over the entire subject and all its
incidents; that if the power be granted, the selec-
tion of the means and agencies essential to the
full and perfect execution of the power is in Con-
gress, and nowhere else; and that whatever judg-
m(yit it may exercise in the employment of the
means, the means selected in its discretion are
lawful, if the end be lawful and the means be
adapted to the end.
In support of these general propositions I will
present, without comment and without special
order of arrangement, the following authorities.
In Martin vs. Hunter's lessees, 1 Wheaton,
324, the cout t say:
"The Constitution of the United States was ordained
"and established not by the United States in theirsovereign
capacities, but, as the preamble declares, by the people of
the United States. It was competent for the people to in-
vest the national Government With all the poweis which
they might think propel and necessary, to extend or limit
those powers at tlieir pleasure, and to give to them a piua-
mouutor supiemo authoiity. The people had a tight to
prohibit to the States the exrrci«e of any poweis which
were in thou judgment incompatible with the object^ of
the general compact, to make the poweis of the State gov-
ernments in given eases, .-uboidmaic to those of the nation,
or to le&et ve to them^clve^ those tovcreignattubutes which
they might not choose to delegate to otheis."
In McCtillough vs. The State of Maryland, 4
Wheaton, 316, t! ie court say:
'• The Government of the Union is a Government of the
people. It emanates tiom them, its powers are gianted
by them, aie to be dneetly on them and for their benefit.
It is bupieme within the sphere ot its action. It is author-
ized to select the mrans to execute any power gianted. If
the end be legitimate, and within the scope of the Consti-
tution, all the means which aie appiopnate, which aie
plainly adopted to that end, and which are not piohibitcd,
may be constitutionally employed to cairy it into efieet."
That the regulation of commerce is by the Con-
stitution committed to Congress no one can dis-
pute, and on the regulation of commerce the. courts
thus speak of the power of Congress. In 14 Pe-
ters, page 570, their language is:
"All the powers which relate to our commerce are con-
fided to the Geneial Government.
il \\ lion an authority i* giantcd to the Union to which a
similar authourj in tin- Suites would be absolutely and to-
tally eontiadietory and repugnant, then the auihouty to
the Federal Government i  n< cut>&rtrily uAClubive."
In Gibbons vs. Ogden, 9 Wheaton, page 196,
Chief Justice Marshall, in speaking of the power
of Congress to regulate commerce, says:
''It is the power to regulate, that js, to piosciibc the
liile by which comnieic<> shall be leguiated. This power,
lik" ell othei ; ve-ted in Congress, is complete in U-eit',
m t> be e\eiei-edtoit-mmoste.\tent,andacknowledgcsno
limitations othoi than tho^c piet-cubed in tho Constitution.
The powei ovei eommeiee is vested m Confine as abso-
lutely as u would be in a single Government having m Us
constitution tin* ^ame lestiKUOns..'5
References might be made without limit, assert-
ing the pov.et for which we con tend.
New Series—No. 6.
I have already alluded, Mr. Speaker, to the
marvelous brevity of expression in the Constitu-
tion. In a few printed paragraphs it becomes the
organic law of a vast empire and of many genera-
tions. We find in it these words among the enu-
merated powers of Congress: "to establish post
offices and post roads." There the grant ceases*,
there is not a letter beyond. The establishment
of post offices and post roads by no means im-
plies of necessity that after designating post of-
fices and the routes over which the mails might be
carried, anything else must or should be done.
But yet under the implied authority derived from
these few words a thousand locomotives to-day
traverse the States over the iron pathway, bear-
ing the intelligence of commerce and the regards
of friendship. The courier posts his danger-
ous way across the western plains, and every
State and county and town is netted overby lines
of mail transportation. Splendid structures in our
great cities, and the magnificent edifice at the capi-
tal, dedicated to the postal system of the country,
indicate the liberal construction demanded by the
public of constitutional terms. Under this same
power Congress has stretched its arm over the
ocean; and from New York and Philadelphia lines
.of steamships running to the eastern continent,
and to our own western shores, aided and sub-
sidized by the Government, have been made its
agents for a postal system outside of the country
and outside of the letter of the Constitution. Vet,
sir, it is claimed on the other side of this House
that we have no powers under the Constitution
save those expressly delegated by its terms.
1 may add also that this power of regulating
commerce has often been exercised in the crea-
tion or improvement of its internal channels, as
in the Cumberland road and the Louisville canal.
It has been exercised in the erection of light-
houses on the ocean, and on those lakes lying in
the heart of the continent, whose commerce, half
told, far exceeds the foreign cotnmercc of New
York. _
I believe, Mr. Speaker, we have the power to
pass this bill. I now ask, granting the power,
will its exercise in this case be just or expedient?
I hold that wherever an exclusive right is given,
connected with the performance of an act contrib-
uting to the public interest and convenience, like
the grant to a railroad or ferry company, it is a
grant upon condition that the company enjoying
the right shall fully and at ali times perform the
duties growing out of the new relations to the pub-
lic, so that the public, for whom the State is but
the trustee, shall not be prejudiced in the premises.
A charter authorizing the election of a bridge and
the exclusive enjoyment of it for the crossing of
passengers for a given distance, demands the con-
struction of the blidgc m reasonable time and its
permanent maintenance, or the exclusive right
ceases.
If reports are true, the railroad through Now
Jersey has failed, utterly failed, to meet the de-
mands of the public. It has asseited principles
and adopted practices in respect to the transporta-
tion of freight and passengers which, in my judg-
ment, are in conflict with the laws and Constitu-
tion of the United States. Those who are not
residents of the State and who arc transported
across it are compelled to pay tolls to the State,
while residents of the State passing fiom point
to point on the line aie exempt from payment.
And the same discrimination is made between its
through and its local freights.
Mr. STARR. Will the gentleman from New
York permit me to correct his statement?
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Certainly.
Mr. STARR. I understand the gentleman to
say that citizens of New Jersey have not to pay
the same toll for traveling on the raihoad as citi-
zens of other States have to pay on crossing the
State of New Jersey. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken. The tax of ten cents is paid upon all
persons earned on the road of the company.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Mr. Speaker, I'
hold in my hand a letter from the attorney gen-
eral of New Jersey, in which he gave an opinion
in regit id to the obligation of this company to im-
pose this tax on the citizensof New Jeisey. He
says that unless the citizen pass across the Slate
from New York to Philadelphia, the company is
under no obligation to report him for the payment
of the tax. I am told that the eompariydotn* not
report the passenger nor pay the tax in wueh c&se.
Mr. STARR. The position now taken by the
gentleman from New York differs from his former
one. He said that the citizens of other States
were taxed for crossing the State, while the citi-
zens of New Jersey were not taxed. Nov/ he
says that the attorney general held that the joint
companies were not bound to report those citi-
zens carried between the banks of the Delaware
and the Raritan rivers.
This, sir, is a different issue; and although the
attorney general may have so decided, yet the
joint companies, in point of"fact, do report them
and pay the tax upon such transportation.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Sir, I have no
desire to do injustice to this company. I have no
doubt that the directors are intelligent, sagacious,
and able men. I do not question their standing
and respectability; but 1 do know that whenever
power is conferred upon any corporation, that
power will be exercised if it be for the benefit of
the corporation to do so. I doubt much whether
a critical examination of the books of the com-
pany will not show that the taxes have been paid
by persons outside, and not by residents of New-
Jersey,
But, sir, the gentleman's argument concedes th?
fact and says that the companies pay their taxes
in such'eases of their own volition and not by
legal compulsion. My complaint is of the law.
Again, I say that every citizen outside of New
Jersey suffers an imposition in another respect,
which I will show by a reference to the reports of
the company. I will take the report of 1848, from
which it appears that in the month of May, 1848,
34,924=; way passengers were transported 841,604
miles, at the a^ferage chargc per mile of one cent
seven and a half mills; and that 22,866j passen-
gers were carried, l/M*oug/tpassengers,at the aver-
age charge of three cents nve and a half mills. I
ask the members of this House whether there is
here any discrimination against the non-residents
of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I do not expect that any gentle-
man upon this floor representing any district eff
that State will rise to the support of this bill, fori
have already stated that the Camden and Amboy
monopoly controls the State of New Jersey. It
controls the courts. It designates who shall hold
the political power of the State, who shall sit in
its halls of legislation, and sometimes, at least, it
declares who on the floor of this House shall rep-
resent the sovereignly of Camden and Amboy.
The Legislature is the executor of Us sovereign
will, and dares to pass no act in opposition to it's
dictates.^ Any improvident enactment might be
repealed" by a simple resolution of its board of
direciors.
One of the honorable gentlemen from New Jer-
sey [Mr. Rogers] who addressed the House al-
ludes with great unction to the decisions of the
supreme court of the State as decisive of the prop*
osition that Congress has no right to interfere with
exclusive powers granted to corporations of New
Jersey for purposes of internal improvement.
I propose that this House shall pass this bill,
which will enable the question of authority to bo
passed upon by the Federal courts, and then an
appeal may be taken from such decision to the
court of last resort, the supreme court of New
Jeisey!
The gentleman from Now Jersey who addi essed
us yesterday on this bill [Mr. RoGEns] stated that
tins exclusive power was contained m the ori-
ginal act, "and that thus a contract was creatod
which could notbe impaired. I beg to correct the
gentleman. The original act was a simple char-
ter, contaimngno exclusive rights whatever, and
imposing no restrictions upon the power of the
Legislature.
The next year after the passage of theact, and on
the 4th of February, 1831, the Legislature, from
pecuniaryand possibly from wise considerations,
enacted that the Camden and Amboy Railroad and
Transportation Company might transfer to the
State $100,000 of its stock without payment, and
on winch the company were to pay thesame div-
idends as on other stock. The Camden and Am-
boy Railroad and the Delaware and Raritan Canal
Company were soon after consolidated by author-
ity of a statute, and on the 35th day of February t
