THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
June %
tile months of summer do so, the claims of Bom-
meree for die part which it performs in.building
up the city- cannot ber«garded with favor on any
Sheory of morals, of advantage to the masses, or
.■public-economy.
• There is a practical question for. occupations,
interests, and localities, and their immediate rep-
resentatives will inquire what should we yield
and what cao-wa justly ask.
1 I .will enumerate some of the articles on Which
protection was sought to be afforded by the tariff
mf 1863.; They were tobacco, woolen manufac-
tures, iron, and wool. These come in direct
-competition with oar home industry.
i * Tobacco was protected-fronj twenty-five to
-thirty-five cents a pound, and in its production
•there is invested from seventy-live to one hun-
ted million dollars; and it has since the rebellion
advanced in price, 75 pfer cent.
• Woolen cloth had an average protection of eigh-
teen ccnts specific and thirty cents ad valorem, and
in its production there is invested §50,000,000.
Goods during the last three years have appre-
ciated 65 per cent.
• . Iron has an average protection, of eighteen to
twenty dollars per ton, and in its manufacture
-there is invested -$50,000,000. Its advance in
price has been 100 per cent, within three years,
t Wool 1ms protection in specific duty of from
three to nine cents per pound, yet on an ad valo-
rem tax, witha foreign valuation, three fourths
of-the importation paid only nine mills a pound.
There is an investment of §100,000,000 in its pro-
duction, and tile price has appreciated less than
■40-per cent, since I860.
. Whatever other interests may ask, it is plain
that the American wool-grower, while more wool
ilias the past year been brought into the country
,t-han has been raised at home, receives nextto no
protection. The present tariff bill, such are the
. tricks of foreign trade, will furnish unequal pro-
tection to this great interest. As we pass to the
details I hope to see it improved.
- Passing toa more general discussion, I will say
that the-incrcase of spindles will augment the
home production with proper encouragement;
and no producer of food or wool or any fabri-
■cutor of iron can desire to remove these home
looms and spindles across the oceay. That wo.ukl
necessitate his payment of freight, insurance, and
commissions on his heavy productions, which
would so much lessen the value of grain, wool,
and iron exported. There is no party to war
against the manufacturers. They linve honored
their employment and placed themselves in the
front rank as artisans, and established communi-
ties wluclt commanded the praise of De Tocque-
ville, the philosopher, in this language:
"The civilization of New England has been like a hen-
con lit upon a hill, which, niter it lias ditlused ltn warmth
around, tinges the diumit horizon with ltd glow,"
. Intelligent travelers, however prepossessed in
favor of foreign countries, can but concur in this:
- "In no country in the world tire Industrial, social, and
educational advantages so equally diffused or so highly en-
joyed a* in our iimimliicluiuij; (-Hates. In no laud enjoy-
lii(i eetituiies on lilt: load of improvement is there the
same proportion to tho ntnoijerof -quitimiles of sehooi-
liimsess, entireties, and printing odiei'j. In no country lit
the world is intelligence *>o widely spread, or monthly so
general, or domestic eomioit so unirasal."
A well-earned preeminence, which would
arouse none but a oase mind to jealousy, nntl
may well stimulate newer communities and more
remote from the seaboard to a generous rivalry.
Every western farmer will prefer to make his ex-
changes in New England to Old England, sparing
himself the tolls of middle-men and the ocean
transportation of heavy products. He is well
assured, too, that this protection will, at no late
-day,redound to his benefit in a newer locality.
Concentration, and the domestic economy of
districts, will be studied; and to-day it is learned
that land, however rich, is dear to the occupant
if fnr removed from a railroad, except he be a
gold-hunter or content with semi-barbarous so-
ciety.
In this age of steam the law of the movement
of manufactures is toward the coal-measures, and
since the once strong free-trade party is power-
less and railroad communication is so welfestab-
blished that the East and the West havo formed
intimate business relations, and a national cur-
rency will tend to a uniform interest on the Mis-
sissippi and the Merrirfmc; it being also demon-
strated that in the new States where the raw mate-
rial is found and numerous consumers that fuel and
food are cheaper by from thirty to fifty per cent,
than in the older States, for notalong period shall
we wait for the presence and benefits of numerous
manufactures.
This tariff bill, in the main, looks to a stable
policy; it will quiet the fears of the timid capital-
ist, while from actual observation and the figures
of the census we shall not be slow in demonstrat-
ing that equal longevity and comfort may be found
toward the setting sun, where the star of empire
takes its way.
The war prices of cotton goods have again
brought into use the wheels and the loom,and as
if by magic the factories are springing up which
will givean exchangeof wool for cloth, thus Spar-
ing our people-the heavy burdens of transporta-
tion, commissions, and insurance, and cheapen-
ing to the masses the price of fabrics. That glow
is a welcome light in our horizon, and the more
welcome as it promises to illumine and enliven
the solitudes ofthe water-fall and exhaustless coal-
beds, diverting our people from the wasting of
their lands as wheat exporters to efforts at home
production, that the deputed exchangers by the
ocean may not be our masters; that entcrprise and
capital from the manufacturing States-and swel-
tering crowds from the cities may find employ-
ment and wealth by the side of the producer.
More mills and good profits should be the motto
of this Congress.
Natural laws and the benefit of all parties re-
quire such an increase, making protection to our
industry not dependent upon a pnrty or upon the
representatives of a locality, but upon a, well-
understood national policy.
In advance, for one I am prepared to advocate a
gradual increase of duties which shall look to a pro-
hibition of such articles as are made from our raw
material, winch are roudtly produced here; and
since for the present we must import merchandise
or men, let us bring the men to our shores, and
make those now poorly clothed and fed operatives
in the mill producers in the field and consumers,
the value of whose presence may be estimated by
the well-considered statement that the immigra-
tion for the last decade was two and a half mil-
lion people, who brought with them m coin
$100,000,000, and whose labor added to the na-
tional wealth notless than $1,500,000,000. With
the alternative presented to the distant farming
communities of the Northwest of sending at their
own cost heavy products to Europe and making
there their exchanges or inviting laborers where
their toil can be lightened and food cheapened
and pay increased, there can be but one rational
choice.
In the Old World population and poverty have
been synonymous, while here population .is
wealth, and more emphatically in the new States
where but ten persons are found to a square mile,
and not a hundred and fifty, as m Massachusetts,
where population is not too much crowded for
social comfort and prosperity.
A high tariff will establish our manufacturing
interest on a permanent basis, and until the ca-
pacity of home looms is equal to our wants the
revenue on goods impoited will be considerable,
and higher wages paid here than in Europe, and
a less demand for foreign fabrics will stimulate
emigration, and bring about that to which good
policy looks, a national community of interests
and a cheapening of exchanges.
We have not hitherto been one. The South
clamored for free trade and a transfer of the wealth
by commerce to her own ports. Thegreat West
aspired to grow grain for the world,and I do not
remember that she ever made a plea for the manu-
facturing interests. History furnishes no such
record of success as ours, ivhereby a sparse pop-
ulation has exported $100,000,OOOayearmgrain;
but is that all to which that great country as-
pires? They have paid §40,000,000 out of every
§100,000,000 to get their gram to a maiket. They
have defied the God of nature, who does not al-
low the properties which secure a wheat crop to
abide indefinitely. Withoutcompensation three-
years is the limit of the soil's endurance of ex-
haustion.
Since the learning of this dear lesson the cham-
pions of the wheat are not the farmers, but the
free-traders, the brokers, and ship-masters, who
have a direct interest in extending that hallucina-
tion, that our new States to be rich must aspire
to feed the world. Correcting this erron.eous pol-
icy there has been a concentration of grasses and
corn into well-fattened animals for export which
has brought a fair return. Even in this the pro-
ducer has paid fifty percent, of the value of his farm
to the exchangers, while the foreign manufacturer
has been taxed less than two per cent, to bring
his light expensive fabrics to us. To spare the
soil and escape the burdens of transportation on
heavy articles to a distant market, manufacturing
and wool-growing are engrossing more of the at-
tention of our farmers, and these occupations
will have their place in the front rank from con-
siderations of local adaptation and the laws of trade
which the intelligent agriculturalist will'not over-
look. With these economical facts in mind the
once advocate of free trade and lukewarm friend
of home manufactures becomes a convert to the
policy of concentration as a great national idea,
and to such, protection for skilled labor that it
may flourish near to us and indirectly bring us
revenue and people from the Old Woild,
Let me say, without offense to other sections
1 trust, that the prairie States of the West are the
proper home of the flock; a fact which furnishes
a potential reason why this interest may at least
ask indirect protection.
It is there that the animal attains to its highest
perfection, and, regarding outlay and labor, prom-
ises the largest returns. Every true American
was proud of the high standing attained by our
"bloods" at the world's sheep exhibition at
Hamburg, in 1863, when on a second trial, as oil
the first, American merinos, for beauty of form,
strength of constitution, weight and quality of
fleece, secured the award of premiums over the
firstof European flocks,which had been bred with
princely care and skill in varying climes for a
half century, and in attestation to their superior-
ity were purchased at almost fabulous cost by
rival exhibitors to lay the foundation of Amer-
ican stock, being held in the highest repute of
any on the globe.
The commentary on our policy was far from
being complimentary when our estimate of the
"golden-hoofed" animal was determined by the
comparatively few fl&cks kept on our rich and wide
domain. It was shown that France, with a stock
far inferior to ours, and with a crowded popu-
lation, on a territory not -larger than the States
of Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Iowa,
folds-eight million more sheep than all the United
States, and in addition maintains three hundred
people to the square mile; while these States,
with one fifth of the number of flocks, have only
one twentieth of the population. Great Britain,
too, with an area little larger than the States of
Illinois and Missouri, has several millions more
than all in North America; having not less thun a
sheep to each acre, exclusive of mountain and
forest. The damaging Comparison is this, that the
best clothed people m the world have but twenty-
five million sheep, giving the range of one hun-
dred acres to each, and are submitting to a drain
of their country of gold by importing one hundred
million pounds of wool and cloth, an amount
equal to our entire home production.
Can it for a moment be doubted which is the
true policy, that of the crowded States of Europe
augmenting their flocks, or that of our Govern-
ment refusing to yield protection to wool, which
neglect was foil owed by a decrease in the flocks dur-
ing the last dccade in all the New England States
save Maine, and in Pennsylvania, Ohio, New
York, New Jersey, Maryland, Illinois, and Indi-
ana? Higher prices and a more rational policy
has arrested this decline, and it becomes the Amer-
ican economist and legislator to look forward to
that day-when we shall not only produce all the
wool required for home consumption, but export
a light product with little toil, the raising of which
enriches the soil rather than those heavy products
that crush the laborer and tend to impoverish the
field.
What a domain is ours awaiting settlement!
Not in the world is there spread out such beauty
of surface and richness of soil, rendered attractive
by diversity of climate and the promise of health
to the landless of all nationalities, embracing a
range of latitude which furnishes tho natural homo
