mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
very throughout the United States had passed the
other branch of Congress, a^id had been approved
by a sufficient number of the Legislatures of the
States, so as to make it apart of the Constitution
o£the United States, there would then seem to be
some propriety in passing the bill now before the
Senate. Hut until there be such an amendment
of the Constitution it seems to me to be very plain,
quite as plain as the multiplication table, but not
of quite as high morality as the ten command-
ments to which the Senator from Massachusetts
compares thisbili, that this bill ought not to pass.
Every department of our Government, I think,
lias decided that a fugitive slave law in some form,
securing a return of a fugitive slave to his mas-
ter upon proper claim, should be enforced. It
was decided in 1793 by our fathers when they en-
acted the law of that year. It was decided in
1850 by the enactment of the law of that year as
an amendment of the act of 1793. It has been de-
cided by almost every court of the States and of
the United States that (hat law is constitutional
and required by the Constitution of the United
States; that it not only may be passed, but it is
obligutoiy upon the conscience of Congress to
enact some law which will secure the return of
fugitive slaves. The executive department,
whenever called upon to touch the question, has
recognized the same obligation on the part of the
Federal Government.
Now, sir, while the Constitution remains un-
changed, while, in plain words, it provides that i
" no person held to service or labor in one State,
under the laws thereof, escaping into another,
shall, in consequence of any law or legulation
therein, be discharged from such service or labor,
v but shall be delivered up on claim of the party to
whom* such service or labor may be due;" while
that provision of the Constitution is yet in full
force in the Constitution and obligatory upon the
conscience of Congress, it is proposed to abolish
all laws upon this subject.
I should have felt it my duty to prepare my-
self to discuss the question somewhat at length
were it not that the minority of the committee
that has had this subject underconsideration have
so fully given the reasons why tins bill ought not
to pass, and I am willing to stand upon that re-
port. As 1 had occasion to say some days ago
I was not reared in a slave State; 1 know but
little of the institution except as I read of it; but
I do recognize my obligations to the Constitution
of the United States; and, whatever might have
been my feelings in the absence of such a pro-
vision in that instrument which I have sworn to
respect, while it lemains in the Constitution, ami
while the oath to respect that Constitution is upon
my conscience, I cannot vote for this bill. It
may be that our fathers erred in the agreement
among themselves that a fugitive slave should be
returned; it may be that it was a mistake on their
part, but while their agieement stands, and while
my oath is upon my conscience to respect that
agreement, 1 cannot vote for a bill like thin.
With these very few remaiks, standing upon
the report of the minoiity of the committee hav-
ing this subject in chaig< , I shall content myself
with giving a vote against the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
bill read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it cMdcJ, «§<:., That all arts of Congress, or part" of
act-*, providing for tin; rendition of fugitives from service
or labor, l o, ;md the same art' liet«by, repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall say but a few words
about this matter, nor shall 1 discuss the pro-
priety of legislation on this subject now. This
bill includes not only the law of 1850, which I
have always denounced as unconstitutional and
unjust, lmt also thelaw of 1793. The only doubt
I have on the subject is whether we ought to le-
peal that law, it being a Usv made by the framers
of the Constitution. As for the law of 1850, 1
have always believed it to be unconstitutional and
barbarous in many of its mam features, and lam
perfectly willing now oi at any time to vote for
its repeal. 1 h.-ive some doubt about the expe-
diency of now icpealiiig the law of 1793, and I
wish the Senator, in oider to avoid a difficult ques-
tion, would 
Mr. SUMNER. I will say the committee took
that into consideration; but they felt that we had
better make a clean thing of it, purify the coun-
try, lift the country up before foreign nations,and
let us now wash our hands of all support of sla-
very.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not guided exactly
by the motives of the honorable Senator from |
Massachusetts. He desires to extirpate the whole
of these laws. I wish to give to the people of the
southern States, the few that are left who have
the right to enforce the Constitution against us,
their constitutional rights fully and fairly. The
law of 1850, I believe, is subject to a fatal objec-
tion, and it ought to be repealed. I would have
voted for its repeal any time since it was passed.
But 1 submit to the Senator whether it is worth
while now to carry this proposition further. The
law of 1793 was framed by the men who framed
the Constitution. It has been declared to be valid
and constitutional by every tribunal that has acted
upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
It was declared to be unconstitutional by the Su-
preme Court of the United States in the Prigg
case; and the Senator knows very well that it is
among the records in the life of Judge Story, who-
gave the opinion in the Prigg case, that the fatal
objection to the act of 1793, that it did not give a
trial by jury m a case of human freedom, was
never argued before the court, and that he per-
sonally considered it an open question. I put it
to the Senator whether he can doubt that any
human being whose freedom is called in question
under the Constitution of the United States is en-
titled to a trial by jury? And if that trial is not
given to him by the statute which undertakes to
doom him to slavuiy, I pronounce- that statute
unconstitutional.
Mr. SHERMAN. Without engaging in any
debate on these controverted propositions, and
feeling the weight of constitutional obligation
upon me, I shall content myself in this case w ith
recording my vote on the lull, and by placing it
simply on the ground that 1 do not wish to ex-
tend this repeal back to a law which was framed
by the men whom I revert nee as the founders of
this Government, a law that they believed it to be
their duty to pass, that was acquiesced in for more
than fifty yeats—a law that I helteve has been
sanctioned by the coui ts and by the people of this i
country. To repeal that act now, in this time of j
revolution, when we arc in the midst of war, it
seems to me is carrying the matter too fat. It can '
only operate in favor of a very few men compar-
atively in the State of Kentucky. Maryland has
already substantially or soon will abolish sla-
very. Kentucky is the only State not within the
proclamation of the Pi esident whri e thi*> act could
have any effect. There are portions of other States (
excluded from the proclamation; but Kentucky
is the only State nractically to be affected.
Mr. POMEROY. Missouri. ;
Mr. SHERMAN. Theie is no slavery in Mis- ,
souri. They are abolishing it (here; and I hope \
they soon will in Kentucky. This law can only |
operate upon a few persons in Kentucky who !
hold slaves and are loyal to the country. Under ,
these circumstances 1 prefer nottoiepeal thelaw i
of 1793, about the constitutionality of which I
have little doubt.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, Mr. Piesident, I un-
derstand that the Senator from Ohio has no doubt
that under the Constitution of the United States
a human being may be given over to slavery with-
out a trial by jury.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not go into the dis-
cussion of that question. I only know that that
law has been upon the statute-book almost since
the foundation of the Government; that it was
framed by the men who framed the Government.
The very men who passed that law framed the
Constitution. Under these circumstances, I will
not pronounce if unconstitutional.
1 will ask, however, before the roll is called, if
it is competent for me to offer an amendment to
except the law of 1793 from the operation of this
bill? If that can be done, I shall vote for the bill
with great pleasure. I will ask the Chair if the
bill is still within the power of amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will move to reconsider
the vote ordei ing the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time, for the simple purpose of offering
that amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator whether
he voted in the affirmative?
Mr. SHERMAN. There was no division, and
therefore any one has a right to move to recon-
sider.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and declared thattheayesappeared tohaveit.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for a division.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe a reconsideration
is always granted in a case of this kind. 1 never
knew it to be refused.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator announces
his amendment.
Mr.SHERMAN. The object is merely to ob-
tain a vote on the amendment, and then the bill
will puss, as a matter of course.
Mr. SUMNER. Cannot the vote as well be
taken on the proposition to reconsider? Is not
that the same thing ?
Mr.SHERMAN. I prefer to have a directvote
on the simple proposition I make, to add these
words, " except the act of February 12, 1793."
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; there
being on a division—ayes twenty-four; noes not
counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is now
in the Senate, and open to amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I had prepared an amend-
men t 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have got the law before
me, and I will submit my own view, and then the
Senator can present his proposition I move to
add at the end of the bill the words, " except the
act approved February 12, 1793, entitled 'An act
lespeeting fugitives fiom justice and persons es-
caping from the service of their masters;' " so that
the bill will road:
That all acts of Congress or paiN of nets providing for
the rendition of fugitives from service or labor be, and the
same sue lieieby, repealed, cxcept the net appiovea Fub-
ruaiy 12, 1703, entitled uAn act lespeetmg fugitives liom
jinnee and prisons escaping from the service of their mus-
ters.''
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio by repeal-
ing the act of 1850, and then the act of 1793 will
cettainlv remain in force, because the act of 1850
is merely amendatory of the act of 1793.
Mr.SHERMAN. There were some acts passed
in addition to those. I am not sufficiently famil-
iar with them to state what they are at present.
I think there was one passed in 1818.
Mr. SUMNEIV. 1819.
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate I am willing
to let this repeal extend to all the laws on the sub-
ject except the one to which I have referred, which
is conteinpoiatu'ous with the Constitution and I
think ought to be retained.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the proposition of the
Senator will bring the question before the Senate
to be decided by its vote.
Mr. HENDERSON. What is the objection
to the subsequent act, the act of 1819?
Mr. SHERMAN. There has been someother
legislation on the subject—I am not prepared to
say what it is—but 1 think we had better repeal
all the laws on the subject except the act of 1793.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I regret that
the committee should have thought it necessary
to report favorably upon this bill; not because the
fugitive slave act will have any practical effect in
enabling any master to have his slave returned to
his custody; not because it can possibly contrib-
ute in any way to the bringing into slavery of one
who is already fiee. I suppose it is now perfectly
obvious to us all that for ail practical purposes
these fugitive slave acts are a nullity. But there
is a consideration which operates upon my mind,
and which will control my vote. The Constitution
as it is now, according to my interpretation of it,
not only authorizes the passage of the act of 1793,
and the passage of the act of 1850, but made it
the duty of Congress to pass some law of that
description. The honorable member from Mas-
sachusetts is mistaken,! think,in supposing that
Mr. Justice Stoiy ever even doubted the consti-
tutionality of the act of 1793.
Mr. SUMNER. I will simply refer the Sen-
ator to the life of Judge Story, by his son, and
the elaborate chapter on the Pugg decision.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have seen it.
But, Mr. President, even if the act of 1850 or
that of 1793, considered as original propositions,
would now for a moment be maintained to be
unconstitutional, there is one question which is
perfectly plain under the adjudications of the Su-
preme Court, and particulaily in the judgment
pronounced by Mr. Justice Story, that the Con-
