1712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19.
son held to service or labor pursued into another
State where he is claimed by one to whom such
service or labor may be due. AH that implies ■
contract. It does not imply a condition of sla-
very. No service or labor is due from a slave to
his master; of course not.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not expect to satisfy
the honorable member. I do not think anybody
could satisfy him. I knew exactly what his
reading of that clause was, and whatever might be
urged he would be " of the same opinion still."
He says now that it applies only to a person who
is under a contract to render service to the party
from whom he has escaped. Where does beget
that meaning? The words used are, 44 any per-
son held to service or labor under the laws of a
State," not under contract, and the apprentice
would be included, and the indented servant would
be included, not because he wasan apprentice by
contract, not because he was an indented servant
by contract, but because by the law of the State
that contract was one from which he could not
escape, because by the law of the State he was
bound, having entered into the contract, to render
the service for which the contract stipulated. But
if the law of the State gave to one man a right to
the service of another, and thatlaw is legal, (which
is not involved in this question,) if slavery as it ex-
ists in the States is legal, then he who owes service
in a slave State to a citizen of the slave State owes
service to such citizen "under the laws thereof."
Mr. SUMNERX A slave cannot owe service,
the Senator will bear in mind.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot bear.that in mind.
I cannot get it into the mind.
Mr. SUMNER. It is very essential in discuss-
ing this question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know it is absolutely es-
sential, to come to your conclusion; but it is a con-
clusion I think that no other gentleman can well
come to, because no other gentleman can well get
that into his mind. But I was about to say that
the clause referred to by the member from Ken-
tucky is pregnant with meaning on the question:
"Representatives and direct tax<-* f-luill be appoitioned
among the scvrial Slates which may be unladed within
Uih Union, according to then respective numbeis, winch
shall be determined by adding to the whole number nt nee
persons, including those bound to s-eivice lor a term of
yearn."
Now, one of your classes is provided for. Your
apprentices and your indented servants are
" bound"only 44 for a term of yeais." They are
to bcadded. Who are to beexcluded ? 44 Indians
not taxed" are to be excluded. Who else is to
be added? "Three fifths of all other persons."
What is the meaning of these words?
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator turn to section
nine of the first article, and read it?
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 wa« about to do that.
Now, who are the "persons," throe fifths of
whom are to be added for the purpose of determ-
ining the question of representation and the other
question of taxation ? if you take the apprentices
out, and the indented seivants out, and the In-
dians out, are there any other persons than slaves ?
The honorable member is not to be told, Mr.
President, that one of the political objections to
slavery which the North has urged, and winch
was quite a sound one if they weie about to make
a constitution for themselves, was that three fifths
of the slaves ware added for the purpose of in-
creasing the representation of the South, when the
North was denied the right to increase its own
representation by having added in any way for
that purpose any portion of its propel ty, what-
ever that might be. The objection was a polit-
ical one. It was that this clause gave to the South
greater weight in the councils of the country than
their white free population entitled them to; and
the objection was, not that apprentices were
added, for they were white, not that indented
servants wereadded, for they were white, but that
what the South considered as property, slaves,
were added. In all the debates upon that sub-
ject, that has been a ftuitful topic of complaint,
and the North no doubt in a few years after the
Constitution was adopted, and particularly after
the southern States began to multiply and this
slave population began to multiply, would have
changed the Constitution if they could in that
particular. When the Constitution wasadopted,
it was a matter comparatively unimportant; but
when you added southern State after southern
State, and brought in slaves by the thousand, the
disproportion between the white population and
the slave population became so great that in point
of fact you made an aristocracy of the South, and
they ruled the North, not by their own numbers,
but because they were masters of the slaves.
But what was the object of the ninth section of
the first article? That is a provision which was
taken out of the amendatory clause, and that ninth
secti9n says:
" The migration or importation of such persons as any of
the States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall
not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year 1808."
What is the meaning of "persons" there?
Were there any white apprentice boys in Africa?
Were there anylawsof apprenticeship in Africa?
Did any there by contract owe service to any
master iu Africa? Did any there by contract
agree to owe service to any man who would come
there and take them away? We know it was not
so. That ruthless and barbarous traffic, the dis-
grace of civilization, the dishonor ofEngland more
than of ourselves, was a trade of violence. They
were snatched from their countiy by force or by
fraud, subjected to all the dangers of the passage
hence, dying by thousands and hundreds of thou-
sands, after suffering excruciating tortures that
make the blood run cold even when we read of
them at this distant day; they were brought here
and made slaves, and we said that they might
continue to be brought for a time, as included
under the term "persons;" and the honorable
member, therefore, unless he is able to read that
word " persons" in the ninth section as compre-
hending only apprentices cannot read the same
word to be found in the fugitive slave clause as
meaning only apprentices.
The Senate is not to be told, Mr. President,
that I share as earnestly as the honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts can in a desire to see
the institution terminated. The difference be-
tween us is, as 1 think, that he takes a different
view of constitutional obligation. ltis,asl think,
that the Constitution recognizes the institution in
plain terms, that it was the purpose of ourfatbers
to make such a recognition, that they acted in
pursuance of that purpose during the whole period
of their osvn lives upon earth, that every act of
legislation passed by them duiing the time that
they were guiding the councils of the country
recognized the institution and deemed it the duty
of every department of the Government, as long
as the institution should remain, to protect it. I
desire to see the day, and I trust it is not far dis-
tant, when that difficulty will begotten rid of,
when the institution itself will be atan end, when
it will not only not be recognized, but will be pro-
hibited; butuntil thatisdone,os far as my individ-
ual vote is concerned, I shall be obliged to vote in
aci'oidance with what I believe the lequisitionsof
the Constitution are as the Constitution now is.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not be betrayed into
any extended debate; but shall content myself
with leplying directly to what has been said on
the other side.
There is first the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] who intervened to arrest the generous pur-
pose of the Senate, as it was about to vote, by a
pioposition to keep alive the old act of 1793.
Strange that now, while we are in deadly conflict
with slavery, it should be proposed to keep alive
an ancient support of slavery. Hut the Senator
gravely insists, and the Senator from Matyland
[Mr. Johnson] insists with him. But the Sena-
tor from Ohio does not seem to be aware of the
chaiacter of the statute which he proposes to keep
ahvei Let me remind him that by this statute
which lie cherishes so warmly a fellow-man may
be hurried before a magistrate and doomed to sla-
very without a trial by jury. Can this be con-
stitutional ? Will the Senator sanction such an
enactment?
But the Senator ft om Maryland, who is so famil-
iar with our jurisprudence, takes exception to the
statement which has been made to the effect that
Mr. Justice Stoiy admitted that the constitution-
ality of the act of 1793 had never been affirmed
by the Supreme Court. lie thinks that thislearned
judge never made any such statement. But he
'is much mistaken. Here is a volume containing
the Lifeand Letters of Joseph Story, which I have
just received from the Libiaiy. I turn to the pas-
sage. Heic it is:
" Om ptevaihm; opinion, which hm cr^nt^d great pieju-
di0" ,i2,!!'1-1 I'M- . I-. til i* (I• the right of a
person claimed as a fugitive from service or labor to a trial
by jury. Tilts mistake arises ftom supposing the case to
involve the general question as to the constitutionality of
the act of 1793. But in fact no such question was in the
case, and the argument tiiat the act of 1793 was, unconsti-
tutional, because it did not provide for a tiial by jury ac-
cording to the requisitions of the sixth article 10 the Amend-
ments to the Constitution, having been suggested to my
father on his return from Washington, he replied that this
question was not argued by counsel nor considered by the
court, and that he should UUl consider it an open one."
Thus it is. According to this authentic record
by his son the necessity of atrial by jury was not
argued by counsel, nor considered by the court,
and he declared that he should consider it an
"open" question; so that the constitutionality of
the act in this important respect has not been af-
firmed by the court. But the Senate is now asked
to affirm it. We are asked to vote that a fellow-
man be handed over to slavery without a trial by
jury. To me this proposition is hateful beyond
the power of words to express.
But the Senator from Maryland, not content
with affirming the constitutionality of the act of
1793, has plunged intoa general discussion on the
fugitive clause of the Constitution. He insists
laboriously that it was intended to cover fugitive
slaves. When 1 reminded him that its authors
might have intended it to cover fugitive slaves,
without succeeding in their attempts, he then in-
sists that it does cover fugitive slaves. Well, sir,
there I meet him point-blank. I insist that, what-
ever may have been the original intention of the
framers of that clause, they did not succeed in
making it cover fugitive slaves. It is a question
of construction, and the language employed is not
applicable to fugitive slaves. It does not describe
them, and cannot by any just tribunal be extended
to embrace them. If the prejudices of the Sena-
tor were not already enlisted, I should not doubt
his judgment on this point, which in the light of
jurisprudence is so clear.
There is a rule of interpretation which the Sen-
ator will not call in question. Where any lan-
guage is open to two constructions, one favorable
and the other odious, that which is odious must be
rejected. I do not stop to give authoiities. The
rule is unquestionable and the authorities are
ample. But do not forget the conclusion: that
which is odious mustbe rejected. Now, the Sen-
ator has already admitted that the language of the
clause is applicable to apprentices. Very well.
That is enough. In itsapplication to apprentices,
redemptioners,and the like, it is exhausted,so that
it cannot be made to cover a slave witiiout offend-
ing against the rulewhich requires us to adopt
the construction which is the least odious. And,
sir, if we go further and scan nicely the language
of the clause, we shall find that the woids em-
ployed are all applicable to a relation of contract
or debt, and not to a relation founded on force. The
clause is applicable to a " person," and not to a
thing, and this 48 person" is to be surrendered on
the claim of the person to whom his service or
labor may be due. But clearly no labor or ser-
vice can be due from a slave to a master. The
whole pretension is an absurdity. And, if you
give to this word its legitimate applicationj you
must restrain it to a case of contract or debt. In
this glance I omit the argument founded on his-
tory, and the well-known opinions of leading
minds in the Convention, and confine myself to
the text of the Constitution.
But the Senator dwelt especially on the words
"held to service or labor in one State under the
laws thereof,''and triumphantly insisted that slaves
were included under this language. Here again
he is mistaken. Apprentices and redemptioners
weie held under 44 laws;" but I need not remind
the Senator of the admission repeatedly made on
this floor by Mr. Mason, that there were no4'laws"
for slavery in any slave State; at least, that none
could be produced. Besides, as a jurist, the Sen-
ator cannot have forgotten the ancient truth that
injustice cannot be 44 law," but is always to be
regarded as an 44 abuse" or a 44 violence," even
though expressed in the form of 44 law." In pres-
ence of this principle, which has the sanction of
as gieat a lawyer as St. Augustine, and in the face
of the positive assertion of Mr. Mason, that no
44 law" for slavery could be found in the slave
States, what becomes of the argument of the Sen-
ator? No, sir. The case is clear. No ingenu-
ity of honest effort can make the words that the
Senator cites or any others in that clause sanction
slavery and the hunting of slaves. In order to pro-
