666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
from Boston remarks that he tenders them for
what they are worth, I accept them in that light;
and inasmuch as X think them worth very little,
X will proceed to answer a question of more im-
portance, propounded by the gentleman from Iowa
himself; and that is the question attempted to be
raised by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Fernando Wood] and followed up by the gen-
tleman from Iowa, that there is a distinction be-
tween licensing a distillery and layingataxupon
the right of sale. Now I understand that twenty
cents was in the first place laid upon this article,
in order, when paid, to confer the privilege of
mailufacturingandsellingffiearticle. Theamend-
ment of the gentleman from New York follows
the very language of the original bill in conferring
the same privilege by payment of this additional
tax. In other words, twenty cents is paid in the
first place for the right of distilling and taking the
products into the market and disposing of them
for money. So the original bill expresses itself.
The amendment of the gentleman from New
York imposes this additional tax of forty cents
for the same privilege, expressed in the same
words. I oppose this whole thing upon principle.
If you have a right to go back and touch a man's
vested rights upon one article of trade you have
a right to do it upon all; and I reiterate the state-
ment which I have already made, that no en-
lightened country has ever done so. This coun-
try has never done it before, if it shall do it now.
England has never done it; and our Constitution,
in my judgment, expressly forbids it.
Mr. KASSON. I ask pardon of the gentleman
for requesting again to make a statement to him
in respect to England.
Mr. VOORHEES. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. ICASSON. I stated when this subject was
before the Committee of tlieWholo, with the Eng-
lish statute before me, from which 1 read—1 do
not know whether the gentleman was present on
that occasion—that a law of the English Parlia-
ment passed on the 30th of August imposed a rate
retroactively, talcing effect ill the month of March,
1 think, and another still higher rate taking effect
in the month of July upon the former products,
with express provisions to provide for sales made
on time by compelling the purchaser to pay the
increased tax or duty.
I make this statement to correct what I think
is an error of observation on the part of the gen-
tleman touching the practice of the English Gov-
ernment on this subject.
1 wish to say further, if the gentleman will per-
mit me, that the proposition now before the House
is not to tax the distiller more than twenty cents
per gallon for the running of his distillery here-
tofore on products which have been sold or may
bo sold to-day, but to tax the products of the dis-
tillery lifter this act goes into effect.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 desire, with the permission
of the gentleman from Indiana, to ask the gentle-
man from Iowa one question.
Mr. VOORHEES. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. Suppose a distiller has not
sold his product, but has paid his tax on it from
month to month, and 1ms a hundred or a thousand
barrels on hand: do 1 umieiMaud the gentleman
to say that the bill as it passed the Ilousc would
not tax that quantity the additional forty cents
per gallon?
Mr. ICASSON. No, sir. The stock accumu-
lated in the distillery will be reached, not as the
product of the distillery to meet current demands
of trade, but as a stock of meichandise on hand,
an investment of money. The ground 1 take is
distinctly that capitalists ought not to be permit-
ted to make any investments of money which will
be beyond the reach of annual taxation, if the ne-
cessity of theGovcrnmentrequires increased rates
of taxation, whether in whisky or in other arti-
cles of trade.
Air. STEVENS. That is to say, the distiller
must sell nil his whisky while it is green.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KASSON. He will be green if he does
not. [Laughter.]
Mr. VOORJ1EES. I wish to present this
matter to the House in tho order in which it pre-
sents itself to my niinil. As to the question of
fact raised between the gentleman from Iowa and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I may touch on
that presently. But upon the historical question
pending between tiie gentleman from Iowa and
myself, I understand it to be as I stated. I un-
derstand it to be so from my own observation
and from a very high authority with me—the
statement of the careful and learned chairman of
the Finance Committee of the Senate, [Mr. Fes-
sendgn.] I have noticed his statement upon this
point, and it is that no country claiming an en-
lightened jurisprudence has ever resorted to this
mode of taxation.
But, Mr. Speaker, if all the nations of the earth
had sanctioned it, it would not be relieved of its
inherent injustice; and the framers of our Consti-
tution, taking that view of the question, I think
have met all such laws as this by an express
negative. It may not occur so to other gentle-
men, but it occurs to me that this is plainly an
ex post facto law. It is true that an ex post facto
law properly applies to a criminal proceeding, but
the principle obtains in every affair of life and in
relation to every vested right. If this is not such
a law in principle, pray tell me what an ex post
facto law is. An ex post facto law, by the very
terms used to signify such a law, is a measure of
legislation reaching backward and touching vested
n'o-hts. Whenever any man or any class of the
community has obtained vested rights under the
law, any law thereafter impairing those rights,
nullifying them, abrogating them, is to all intents
and purposes, in spirit and in practice, an ex post
facto law. Look at it in that light. Have these
men got vested rights in this property? Have
they obtained them by paying to the Govern-
ment the contract price agreed upon for the car-
ry ing on of their business ?
The plain fact comes back to a legal mind that
these men have paid the price of the privilege
which they enjoyed, that of making whisky and
selling it. The price of the privilege was to be
twenty cents a gallon. That they have paid; and
you now come to them and tell them that before
they can enjoy this privilege which they were
told by the former law they could have, they must
respond to the extortionate demand made upon
them by the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood.]
It is a question that rises up between citizen
and his Government. If this Governmentis to set
an example of bioken faith, disregarding its own
bounden obligations, it will go far to loosen the
bonds of allegiance which an honest people now
recognize to their Government. When they find
that that Government does not keep its own alle-
giance to them they wilt no longerfecl their own
binding upon them. Governments and citizens
have reciprocal duties. The citizen owes the
Government a duty. The Government owes the
titizen a duty; and when one fails, the other has
a right to fail. Society is a contract. Govern-
ment is a contiact. The consideiation of alle-
giance and duty on the part of the citizen is the
protection and good faith of the Government.
But, sir, 1 do not stand on that question with-
out authoiity. The. Supreme Court of the United
States has decided, in an exactly analogous case,
that such legislation as that m which we are now
engaged is unconstitutional. Ill a case in the Su-
preme Court, coming up from the State of Mary-
land, a question wasilecided embracing this point.
The Government had laid an impost duty on for-
eign goods. Foieign goods wei e landed at the poi t
of Baltimore, and the nnpostduty was paid upon
them. The State of Maryland undertook to
charge something for a license to sell the goods
within its borders. Is not that exactly parallel
to this' Heie is a right obtained at the custom-
house in the first instance, and then another legis-
lation comes in and says that it will charge an ad-
ditional license for doing that which the law au-
thorized the man to do on paying the first rate of
duty. The Supieme Court of the United States
decided that the right in the importerwas a vested
i ight, and that the subsequent legislation attempted
was m the nature of an ex post facto law, disturb-
ing vested rights.
Sir, I say to tins House, this whole legislation
is null. It will not stand for a moment before any
intelligent judicial tribunal. The light which the
Constitution sheds on the nghtsof aciuzen under
his Government is conclusive to any legal mmd.
ISut now, Mr. Speaker, let me touch on some
points laised by the gentleman from Iowa. How
will this law work on this interest? That is the
question which he tenders. Aside from the ab-
stract legal light how will it work? I assert, sir,
that in principle it is wrong, and I stand here to
prove that in practice it is inexpedient,impolitic,
and unjust. First let me call the attention of the
House to the main question. You want money.
You want revenue. You want the sinews of war.
How much do you suppose you are going to get
by breaking the faith of the Government with the
citizen ?
One would suppose by the clamorous zeal which
the advocates of this measure evince on this floor
that you were goingto getoutof thistax enough
to close up the war, to pay the public debt, and
to indemnify the people of the country for the
losses which they have sustained. What is the
fact? Why, sir, the census of I860 shows that
in the States now loyal to this Government some
eighty million gallons of spirituous liquors were
distilled. On that basis you have some twenty
million gallons distilled in any period of ninety
days since that time; and it is a liberal estimate,
derived from experience, that perhaps one half
of that quantity is now on hand.
A word here upon this point. It seems that
everybody who holds a stock of liquors on hand
is a speculator. Why, sir, I say to the House
that ex necessitate, from the very force of our cir-
cumstances, especially in the West, the distiller
must be caught with a large stock on hand. For
instance, in the spell of cold weather that occurred
a short time since, transportation was almost en-
tirely suspended in the West, and the distiller,
who was manufacturing liquors, could not get
them to market, and per force they have remained
on his hands; and because of this misfortune you
have caught him, and by this law you propose to
rob him.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. If the gentleman
will permit me I desire, on this question of the
quantity on hand in the East to be affected by this
provision, to read a single item from the list of
prices current in New York, from which it ap-
pears that there arrived in the city of New York
during the months of September, October, No-
vember, and December, two million seven hun-
dred and ninety three thousand eight hundred and
seventy gallons of whisky.
Mr. VOORHEES. What of that? Suppose
you take the quantity at ten million gallons—half
the amount I have estimated as the whole product
of the manufacture in the country for ninety
days—how much do you suppose your proposed
tax would pour into the exhausted Treasury of
the nation? Well, it will yield $4,000,000, and
that will carry on this Government about thirty-
eight. hours.
But you do not put all that into the hands of
the Government. You increase the large swarm
of officers by which revenue is collected,and the
most odious class of officers to the American peo-
ple are the excisemen. You are to increase and
swell up the number of excisemen for the collec-
tion of this unjust tax, a tax that will not be wiH-
ingly paid. The humblest mind in the nation
knows that it is an unjust law and will resist it.
The humblest mind in the land knows that the
Constitution confers no privilege upon the Gov-
ernment to take from him his rights. You will
have an angry contest then in getting this money;
you will have to meet the most expensive litiga-
tion, you will have to pay this swarm of officers,
and yon will not get into the Treasury out of
this tax which you propose to levy more than
$9,000,000. And that would not run this Gov-
ernment one day; it did not a year ago, as I
pioved, 1 believe, to my friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] in a contest between us on
this floor in regard to the Government expenses
at that time.
Therefore, for the sake of a mere one day's
expenses of the Government, you will spread dis-
may and disaffection, if it does not result in blood-
shed, throughout the country by this violation of
the Constitution of the country and of the faith
of the Government. That is what you will do if
you persist in this proposed legislation. Are you
ready to sanction it?
Remember, too, another tiling. This is but
once. You will have killed the goose that laid
the golden egg; you can not catch these men again;
you grab §2,000,000 this time, but there is an end
of it.
But who do you affect by this legislation?
There are three, perhaps four, classes who will
be affected by this species of legislation. First,
