THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
June 2.
far this House shall be attained.
We shall heed annually, at least, for—
fhe War department  , $300,000,000
The Navy Department.*.    100,000,000
Interest on public debt, of say $3,000,000,000. 180,000,000
tJIvil list, collection of revenue, foreign Inter-
ediirsfc, attd imscelfaneous40,000,000
Interior, ^pensions, Indiana,&o,,^.,. ,. !• M 35,000,000
TOffclW*•   ► f «.  <>«>*• i*uv«* $645,000,000
E
If the South should willingly return to the
Union we shall, -j^t least, need an army of a hun-
dred thousand men. Taking thi.s estimate and
joedjicing jthie.cosv of the War Department by two
tfcieds, there flrill yet remain the necessity for a
je.vepue of $450,000,000, to be paid by taxation
B d-dttties„
' iLs England is the only country on the. globe
which is cursed .with so large a national debt as
we shall incur before the war is ended, compari-
sons are often made with her as to ability to pay
the principal and endure the interest. What arc
the facts,? The real Mid personal property ofthe
.British Isles is stated to be 032,000,000,000, The
Value of the property, both real and personal,
in the .States of the Union -which are supposed
to adhere to the national Government is about
#11,000,000,000, and that of the free States is
Tittle more than $9,000,000,000. By this it ap-
pears that Great Britain has three times as much
property as the United States, and therefore has,
Ml this respect, three limes as much ability to pay
her debt. Ultimately as our country is developed
and our population augmented, the relative posi-
tion will be changed, hut the disparity in our pres-
ent resources is even greater than this. The
wealth of Great Britain is largely in manufactures
find.commerce, easily convertible into money and
paying large revenue upon the investment. That
of the U.uited States ia principally in land and in
agriculture which is not easily convertible into
Money,and which pays but a small per cent, upon
the investment. Great Britain has immense colo-
nies in all parts of the world, whose wealth and
productive industry, through the medium of her
commerce and manufactures, contribute to her
>raaperity. If peace should now be made it would
e three times more difficult far the United States
to pay their debt than for Great Britain, whose
statesmen and people, in consequence of the vast
magnitude of the obligation, never expect to dis-
charge its principal.
Now, sir, let us look at the interest of the re-
spective debts. That of England is from three
to three and a half, that of the United States
from'five to seven per cent. The interest of our
debt, estimating it at even $3,000,000,000, will be
$180)000,000, while the interest on the British
debt is $140,000,000; in other words $180,000,000
interest money will have to be collected olF our
$11,000,000,000 of property, while England only
.collects |140,000,000 from her $32,000,000,000 of
property. The burden of our interest will-there-
fore be three timet! as great as that of Great Britain,
Whose debt in this comparison with ours appears
light. For generation's to come the laboring men
of the United States must labor for several hours
more per day. They must stint themselves and
their families in necessary comforts, not to speak
of accustomed and almost necessary luxuries, in
order to repair the results of this deplorable
war.
1 have mentioned these facts bccause it has been
too common upon the floor of this House to exag-
gerate the manufacturing,agricultural, and com-
mercial resources of the country, so far.ps re-
gards their ability to bear taxation with the
present population, after the vast destruction
which the war has produced among the most
Valuable classes of our producers. I know the
ultimate magnitude of our resources, but no true
and wise friend of his country can speak of our
appalling debt as if it were an affair of trifling
moment, and could be discharged as readily as
it has been and yet continues to be created, I
believe there is a disposition on the part of the
people to sustain the Government in this war
and to bear the just burdens which result from
this source. It is of vital moment that this re-
bellion should be put down,and that the problem
of self-government should be successfully solved.
The revolt is an attempt on the part of the few
to create a revolution against the wishes of the
many. If we admit the right of secession there
js.an end to th,e Government; and if we cannot
put down the rebellion this Republic will cease to
occupy its propeY position among ilie nations of
the world.
I believe, Mr. Chairman, that the city of New
York is willing to agree to any just tariff to meet
the exigencies of the country. But all the com-
muflications that I have received on the subject
areto the effect that the tariff should be for reve-
nue and not prohibitory. In the tax bill I noticed
some peculiar features in the imposition of taxes
where taxation was injudicious. It passed from
one extreme to another; from ^'disposition to tax
lightly it rushed to inordinate and indiscriminn-
ting taxation. The same course also has been
pursued in reference to this tariff bill.
1 pass now to the consideration of the joint res-
olution in reference to the tariff which passed
Congress some time since. I suppose that scarcely
ever has such a spectacle .been exhibited in any
legislative body so free and so well disposed as
this. The joint resolution raised the tariff fifty
per cent, upoji all articles, without regard to what
effects it might- produce, whom it might injure,
or what it might prohibit. .Some articles would
bear the increased taxation and others would not;
yet this was a tariff to continue only for sixty
days, and included goods in bonded warehouse
and on shipboard. What is the effect of it upon
goods on hand? There are large firms which,
upon the first intimation that congressional action
was expected, probably took from the custom-
house merchandise of the value of millions and
millions of dollars. They at once put up the
price of these goods at rates corresponding to this
new tariff of fifty per cent., although they paid
no portion ofthe increase; while others, of smaller
pecuniary means, being unable to remove their
property from the warehouses upon such a brief
notice,-were compelled to pay the additional duty.
Goods on shipboard were also subject to this in-
crease. There is no equality or justice in such
hasty action.
I object on behalf of the great interests I repre-
sent to this kind of abrupt, unstable, and tem-
porary legislation. It creates a feeltngof danger
and insecurity exceedingly prejudicial to the
public welfare. Impose a tariff fair and just, im-
pose taxes which are liberal, and my constitu-
ents will submit to them cheerfully; but what I
ask for them is that they shall not be subject to
fluctuations in legislation which shall break up
and destrpy their trade.*
My statements may be illustrated by reference
to our action on the subject of taxing liquors on
hand,; a subject which is very familiar to this
House. A tax of forty cents was imposed upon
whisky on hand, and in conformity with the gen-
eral tenor of these measures my proposal in this
House to exempt foreign liquors which were in
bonded warehouses or on shipboard in transitu
to this country was defeated. The bill passed
the House, went to the Senate, passed that body
in an amended form, came back, and was returned
to the Senate again. The Senate finally receded
from their amendments to which we had dis-
agreed, thus striking off the tax on domestic
whisky on hand, but leaving it to operate upon
imported liquors. Tlmsouriniportingmerchants
were compelled to pay a duty or tax of forty cents
per gallon on foreign liquors on hand.
1 think few enactments can be more likely to
alienate important interests from the support of
the constituted authorities than this system of
legislation and taxation. No Government can
afford to destroy or weaken the friendship of
those who propose to support it, and who intend
to support it honestly, fairly, justly, and liberally.
The measures to which I have referred were no
sooner passed than a discontented feeling was
created. And now to-day that tax of forty cents
on foreign liquors on hand is charged to the im-
porters of New York, while there is none on li-
quors of domestic manufacture. I opposed and
voted against the imposition of any tax on stock
on hand. I believe it would have been far better
for the Government if the House had, when the
revenue bill was reported, promptly passed the
bill putting a liberal tax on liquor thereafter man-
ufactured, but leaving stock on hand untouched.
We should have realized a larger revenue, for we
should not have lost two months during which
the bill was pending between the two Houses in
the collection of additional taxes,
I have seldom thought proper to quote in this
House from articles published in the newspapers.
I will, however, read an extract from an article
published in one of the most sound, impartial, re-
liable journals in this country, entirely in con-
formity with my own views. In speaking of this
tariff resolution it sayst
"The suddenness and absoluteness of this sixty day*'
tariff savors more of the gdict of some absolute monarch ,
than the acts of representatives of a free people. Not the4
least consideration is shown for the convenience of trad- 9
ers, although they are the parties to whom the Govern-
ment has to look for its" chief support. The contracts of
Importers are totally disregarded, and they are treated as
though they had no other business than to pay the levies
of arbitrary enactments. Such conduct tends to convulse
and paralyze legitimate business; it goes on the supposi-
tion that merchants have no interests that ought to be re-
spected by the Government, and that they-are bound to
submit to every whim and caprice of an arbitrary power
without warning or redress. There is no Government in
Christendom that, in these days, would be found gniity of
such discourtesy and Injustice toward foreign traders and
the large class of domestic merchants whose interests are
interwoven with foreign commerce. Such legislation is
producing the most serious alarm among commercial men,
and weaning their affections from a Government which
they have proudly esteemed as the truest protector of com-
merce, because the truest representative of the people, in
whom ail tile interests of commerce are invested."
It will be seen that there is a great deal of
truth and force in the article. Now, all I ask of
the House is to so adjust the tariff duties as to
do justice to my region as well as to others. I
am willing you should tax liberally, but to what-
ever extent you prohibit or prevent the impor-
tation of foreign goods to that extent you dimin-
ish the power of the foreigner to purchase the
produce of this country. We injure ourselves
when we injure the foreign laborer. I am will-
ing that the tariff shall be largely increased on
many articles; but I ask that you shall not tax
articles on hand, and that you shall not by these
sudden and violent changes affect the great in-
terests of the country disastrously.
I trust before this session closes the House
will correct much of its past legislation. If you
do that, you will appeal powerfully to the support
ofthe people of my section. The interests affected
are too great to be treated hastily with imma-
ture or hostile consideration. Let us not make
rash experiments where so much of the welfare
of our country is at stake. We passed a measure
called the gold bill because honorable members
alleged this would put down the price of gold; but
it ought to have been evident to every member of
this House that the sale of $11,000,000 would
not reduce the relative value of the precious metal.
The steady increase in price is caused by the
inflation of the currency,and until that is dimin-
ished the price cannot be permanently reduced.
The nominal value of specie did not go down
upon the passage of the gold bill, but continued
to go up, and I presume that to-day it is over
ninety per cent, premium.
The House took an alarm, and we sought by
legislation to do that which no nation in the world
has ever accomplished, to reduce the price of
gold by legislation. But as gold continued to in-
crease steadily, a sort of panic was crcatcd in the
House, and the cry was, " Tariff! tariff! tariff!"
"Tax! taxi tax!" This has been done indis-
criminately. I ask the House to deliberate upon
these questions,affecting, as they do,.all the in-
terests of the country. 1 trust that we shall not
permit ourselves to commit injustice because gold
may have gone up or down. Calm and deliberate
legislation is absolutely needed in an emergency
like this. I ask that we shall not legislate hastily
or intemperately on any subject. But as men
comprehending the great issue before the coun-
try and the great stake involved in the gigantic
war on our hands, we should consider measures
carefully in all their aspects, and endeavor to raise
as large a revenue as possible with the least in-
justice to any interest.
I have no doubt that by a judicious system of
internal revenue and by duties on imports we
shall be able to raise in time a sufficient revenue
to meet the exigencies of the country.^ But we
shall certainly gain nothing by such a course of
legislation as we have pursued for the last sixty
days. Every member who will reflect one mo-
ment on the subject must see that it is far better
for us to be deliberative rather than hasty, and to
examine and weigh well every measure, and see
what are to be its results and effects. In appeal-
ing to the House in behalf of the city of New
York, I appeal to them in behalf of a city equal
