APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Republican 'Governments in Certain States—-Mr. Dams.
Ho. of Reps.
their southern brethren oppressed them like a
nightmare; or the fear of making war attheirown
doors, and the drawing-of the sword against their
own friends and neighbors, or a conviction that
the United States was no longer a power but a
mere semblance of authority—a roi fainsanit,
whose mayors of the palace were merely clothing
the reality of power long wielded with the forms of
sovereignty—whether each or all ofthese were the
motive, the fact is that after they voted against se-
cession they acquiesced in the judgment of their
friends and fellow-citizens. It is the most as-
tounding spectacle in history that in the southern
States, with more than half of the population op-
posed to it,agreat revolution was effected against
their wishes and against their votes, without a
battle, a riot, or a protest in behalf of the benefi-
cent Government of their fathers—a revolution
whose opponents hastened to lead it, without a
martyr to the cause they deserted except the name-
less heroes of the mountains of Tennessee, or a
confessor of the faith they had avowed save the
illustrious Petigru of South Carolina!
Doubtful of the issues of the war, exhausted by
bloodshed, anxious for peace—peace and inde-
pendence—there are some who will accept peace
and Union, but thev are not men who will draw
the sword for the United States^and they would
be equally content with peace and independence.
When theoverthrow of the rebellion is an accom-
plished fact they will acquiesce; when there shall
be neither hope nor fear of rebel supremacy they
will submit to what we judge to be necessary for
their good and for ours if we will peremptorily
declare the conditions necessary to secure repub-
lican government. But it is the veriest child's
dream to suppose that so long as this war lasts,
so long as its flames blaze overthe southern coun-
try, any large portion of the southern population
is willing to cast in its lot with the United States
for good or evil, and assume now the responsi-
bility that they declined at the beginning, of stand-
ing with us for better for worse, in ruin or in tri-
umph.
There is no fact that we have learned from any
one who has been in the South and has come up
from the darkness of that bottomless pit which
indicates such repentance. There is no fact that
any one has stated on authority atall reliable that
any respectable proportion of the people of the
southern States now in rebellion are willing to
accept any terms that even our opponents on
the other side of the House are willing to offer
them.
It has been repeatedly asserted—Governor Sey-
mour, of New York, in his message asserted—
that peace could be had upon any reasonable terms.
Thai was his gues*; it was his wish; it was his
fond, vain hope. In fact there is no ground for
such hope, and to-day no man can stand before
the American people and say that there is the least
reason to suppose that any public man in the
South has declared himself willing to consider
peaee on any conditions but that of independence.
What, then, are we to do with the population
in these States ? To make " confusion worse con-
founded" by erecting by the side of the hostile
State government a new State government on the
shifting sands of that whirfpool, to be supported
by un while we are there and to turn its power
against us when we are driven out? That would
be to erect a new throne where
" Chaos uttipiie sit*,
And by decision more embroils the fray
By winch lie reigns."
In my judgment it is not safe to confide the
vast authority of State governments to the doubt-
ful loyalty of the rebel States until armed rebel-
lion shall have been tiampled into the dust, until
every firmed rebel shall liave vanished from the
State, until there shall be in the South no hope of i
independence and no fear of subjection, until the
United States is bearded by no military power and i
fhe laws* can be executed by courts and sheriffs i
without the ever-present menace of military au-
thority. Until ve have readied that point i his bill
proposes that the President shall appoint a civil ]
Gov ernor to administer the government under the
jaws ol the United Stated and the laws in force in
the State* respectively at the outbieak of the re-
bellion, subj« et, of course, to the necessities of j
military occupation.
Itis the policy of an ancient soldier that 1 adopt:
"Trust none;
For oaths are straws, men's faiths are wafer-cakcs,
And hold-fast is the only do?, my duck;
Therefore caceto be thy counselor."
When military opposition shall have been sup-
pressed, not merely paralyzed, driven into a cor-
ner, pushed back, but gone, the horrid vision of
civil war vanished from the South, then call upon
the people to reorganize in their own way, sub-
ject to the conditions that we think essential to
our permanent peace and to prevent the revival
hereafter of the rebellion, a republican govern-
ment in the form that the people of the United
States can agree to.
Now, for that purpose there are three modes
indicated. One is to remove the cause of the war
by an alteration of the Constitution of the United
States prohibiting slavery everywhere within its
limits. That, sir, goes to the root of the matter,
and should conseciate the nation's uiumph. But
there are thirty-fourStates—three fourthsofthem
would be twenty-six. I believe there are twen-
ty-five States represented in this Congress; so
that we on that basis cannot change the Consti-
tution. It is therefore a condition precedent in
that view of the case that more States shall have
governments organized within them. If it be as-
sumed that the basis of calculation shall be three
fourths of the States now represented in Congress
I agree to that construction of the Constitution,
which I understand to be that of the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and not without
countenance in high judicial quarters. I think it
was never contemplated that the supreme political
power should pass away from theGovernment of
the United States. But that view will probably
encounter as much doubt as the bill before the
House, besides involving serious delay; and un-
der any circumstances, even upon that basis, it
will be difficult to find three foui ths of the States,
with New Jersey, or Kentucky, or Maryland,
Delaware, or other States that might be men-
tioned, opposed to it under existing auspices, to
adopt .such a clause of the Constitution after we
shall have agreed to it. If adopted it still leaves
the whole field of the civil administration of the
States prior to the recognition of State govern-
ments, all laws necessary to the ascertainment of
the will of the people, and all restrictions on the
return to power of the leaders of the rebellion,
wholly unprovided for.
The amendment of the Constitution meets my
hearty approval; but it is not a remedy for the
evils we must deal with.
The next plan is that inaugurated by the Presi-
dent of the United States in the proclamation of
the 8th December, called the amnesty proclama-
tion. That proposes no guardianship of the Uni-
ted States over the reorganization of the govern-
ments, no law to prescribe who shall vote, no
civil functionaries to see that the law is faithfully
executed, no supervising authority to control and
judge of the election. But if, in any manner, by
the toleration of martial law lately proclaimed the
fundamental law, under the dictation of any mili-
tary authority, or under the prescriptions of a
piovost marshal, something in the form of a gov-
ernment shall be presented,"represented to rcston
the votes of one tenth of the population, the Presi-
dent will recognize that, provided it does not con-
travene the proclamation of freedom and the laws
of Congress; and, to secure that, an oath is ex-
acted.
Now you will observe that there h no guaran-
tee of law to watch over the organization of that
government. It may combine all the population
of a State; it may combine one tenth only; or
ten governments may come competing for leeog-
nition at the door of the Executive mansion. The
Executive authority is pledged; Congress is not
pledged. It may be recognized by the mihtaty
power and may not be recognized by the civil
power, so that it would have a doubtful existence,
half civil and half milihity, neither a t"mporary
government by law of Congress, nor a Slate gov-
ernment, something as unknown to the Constitu-
tion as the rebel govemmentthat refuses(o recog-
nize it.
But, Mr. Speaker, let us regard its operation on
a great fundamental measure, the existence of sla-
very, the condition of future peace. How does
it accomplish the final removal of slavery ? How
does it accomplish the reorganization of the gov-
ernment on the basis of universal freedom? The
only prescription is that the government shall
not contravene the provisions of that proclama-
tion. Sir, if that proclamation be valid, then we
are relieved from all trouble on that score. But
if that proclamation be not valid, then the oath to
support it is withoutlegal sanction,for the Presi-
dent can ask no man to bind himself by an oath
to support an unfounded proclamation or an un-
constitutional law, even for a moment, still less
till it shall have been declared void by the Su-
preme. Court of the United States. It is the par-
amount right of every American citizen to judge
for himself, on his own responsibility, of hiscon-
stitutional rights; and an oath does not bind him
to submit to that which is illegal. If,-therefore,
he shall have taken the oath, he can, in good con-
science as well as in good law, disiegard it the next
moment. So that, in point of fact, the law leaves
us wherethe proclamation does. It adds nothing
to its legality, nothing to its force.
But what is the proclamation which the new
governments must not contravene? That certain
negroes shall be free, and that certain other ne-
groes shall remain slaves. The proclamation
therefore recognizes the existence of slavery. It
does just exactly what ail the constitutions of the
rebel States prior to the rebellion did. It recog-
nizes the existence of slavery, and they recognize
the existence of slavery; and, therefore, the old
constitutions might be restored to-morrow with-
out contravening the proclamation of fieedom.
Those constitutions do not say that the President
shall not have the right, in the exercise of hismil-
itary authority, to emancipate slaves within the
States. They say nothing of the kind. They
do not even establish slavery. There is not a con-
stitution in all the rebel States that formally de-
clares slavery to be the supreme law of the land.
They merely recognize it just as the proclamation
recognizes its existence in parts of Virginia and
in parts of Louisiana. So that the one tenth of
the population at whose hands the President pro-
poses to accept and guaranty a State government
can electofficers under the old constitution of iheir
State in exactly the same termsand with exactly
the same powers existing at the time of the rebel-
lion, and may under his proclamation demand a
recognition. No man will say that there is one
word in their laws that contravenes what purports
to be a paramount, not a subordinate order. So
soon as thf State government is recognized the
operation of the proclamation becomes merely a
judicial question. The rightof a negro to hisfree-
dom is a legal right divesting a rightof property,
and is to be enforced in the courts; and then the
question is what the courts will say about the
proclamation. Is it valid or invalid ? Does it of
itself confer a legal right to freedom on nc^ioea
who were slaves? Is it within the authority of
the Executive? These are the only questions
open under such a government; and how local
State courts cieated by the southern people will
decide such a question no one can doubt; for it is
quite certain that the great mass of that popula-
tion is devoted to the system of slave labor; and
though if the question be whether they will give
up slavfpy as the condition precedent to the res-
toration of a State government, they will abandon
it; yet if it be whether they prefer to maintain or
abolish slavery, there is not the least doubt that
their voice would be almost unanimous for its
maintenance. If they have the decision we know
what it will be already. It is therefore under the
scheme of the President merely a judicial ques-
tion j to be adjudged by judicial rules, and to be
determined by the courts. It is a question whether
each individual negro be free. It is a question
whether the master lias the right of seizure, or
the negio can control himself. It is to be determ-
ined by the wut of habeas corpus. It is a ques-
tion of personal ri<?ht, not a question of political
jurisdiction. Its fate in the State courts isi cer-
tain. Its fate in the courts of the United States
under existing laws is scarcely doubtful.
I do not desire to argue the legality of the proc-
lamation of freedom. 1 think it safer to make it
law. But I wish* to admonish gentlemen who
rely on Dunmore's proclamation for the right of
