THE CONGRESSIONAL
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D, C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session,
SATURDAY, JUNE 4, 1864.
in population to one or two of the smaller States
of the Union, and in behalf of a community that
has a large and vital interest in everything affect-
ing the preservation of the Union. That city has
done everything in its power to-aid the Govern-
ment, and it will continue to do it whatever may
be said to the contrary.
Now, Mr. Chairman, with regard to this ques-
tion of taxation and tariff, thereure many features
in the modern policy of England, enacted there
by the earnest advocacy and efforts of the middle
and laboring classes, which, I think, we might
advantageously adopt. My colleague, [Mf.SrEB-
bins,] whose absence I regret,said,in substance,
daring his remarks on the tax bill, that he was in
favor of our surrounding ourselves as with a Chi-
nese wall, isolating ourselves from all foreign
communication and commerce, and making our-
selves, as it were, a self-sustaining machine.
" Prohibit," said he, " the exportation of every
dollar of gold and silver, ofevery bushel of grain
and every pound of beef and pork, or adopt the
policy of a prohibitory tariff." He would " hold
no intercourse with foreign nations until the war
was over; none whatever." In my judgment,
we need all the support we can derive from every
source, and none of the accustomed supplies
should be cut off. We should derive all the
strength we can from profitable commerceas well
as*agricultural and manufacturing industry. Per-
haps this thought also was suggested to the mind of
my colleague, for almost in the next breath ho told
us that we should don ve $100,000,000 from such
increase of the duties on imports as would not be
prohibitory. It would 6e a very unwise policy
for us-to isolate ourselves now from the rest of
the world. We are in a position when we can-
not well afford to lose the sympathies of the
people of foreign nations, especially when so great
an effort is now being made on the part of the
confederate States to secure it. We should not
needlessly and unprofitably alienate from our-
selves the laboring and producing population of
other countries.
Mr.THAYER. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question if he will allow me, whether, in re-
ferring to the sympathies of foreign nations, he
refers to the English sympathy which this nation
has experienced since the war began?
Mr. WARD. 1 do not refer to the sympathy
of any nation in particular. I merely ask whether
it is our duty or advantage to pursue an isolating
and alienating policy.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman used the ox4-
pression that we could not afford to dispense with
the sympathy of foreign nations. 1 should like
to know to what nation we are indebted for that
sympathy.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
wants no sympathy from Great Britain or any
other nation. I am free to confess that in some
instances the British Government has behaved
very badly toward us; but it is not clear to me
that this has been the case with a majority of the
people. If Great Britain and France had taken a
position of open antagonism to us St the beginning
of the contest it would have been very injurious.
If other nations have, for a time, gone wrong,
there is no reason why we should not allow them
to go right. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
knows very well that if those nations should now
engage in a war with us, that, with the war already
on our hands, would be perhaps more than we
could attend to.
Mr. THAYER. I did not say that I did not
wish the sympathy of foreign nations. All I asked
the gentleman to do was to point to the foreign
nation whose sympathies we have had in this great
struggle for republican institutions since the war
began. While I would be glad to have the sym-
pathy of every free and enlightened nation in the
world, 1 say thatwe are notindebted to that coun-
try which is most of all concerned in the settlement
of our tariff for one gram of sympathy in our great
struggle. On the contiary, she has been in the
position of a public enemy of this country ever
since this struggle began. 1 therefore ask what
169
country the gentleman alludes to when he speaks
of the sympathy to Which we are indebted.
Mr. WARD. I ajiude to all foreign nations.
Mr.THAYER. Imust except, in'the remarks
which I have made, the empire of Russia, from
which we have received some sympathy. Ideny
thatwe have received onegrain of sympathy from
either of those nations that are most intimately
concerned in the constiuction of an American
tariff.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Chairman, all this amounts
to nothing. I am willing to concede that Great
Britain has done many acts which have weakened
my respect for her. Sonne other nations have
done so, likewise. I presume no one will deny
that foreign Governments have looked on this re-
bellion as something that would tend to breakup
our republican institutions. There always has
been, probably, a certain amount of sympathy
with the confederate States. But, in the main,
foreign nations have conducted themselves fairly,
with certain exceptions; while it is indisputable
that if foreign nations had interfered in favor of
the confederate States we should have lost them
long since. What I desire to say is simply this:
that we should legislate as statesmen, not as parti-
sans; we should legislate in a manner to compre-
hend all the great interests of the country. Let
us do justice to other nations, even though they
do not do justice to us. I have yet to learn that
two wrongs make one right.
As to the sympathy of foreign Powers I do not
ask for it, I only ask justice, and I want to do
justice. I hope Congiess will rise above partisan
prejudices and consider all leading questions in
their broad and international aspect. If the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has anything more to
say, 1 will yield for that purpose.
Mr. TIIAYER. I have nothing more to say,
for I understand the gentleman to have taken back
all he said.- I do not undeistand lnm now to say
that we are indebted to any nation for sympathy
in the great cause m which we are embarked.
Mr. WARD. The gentleman clings to the
word "sympathy;" I simply mean that other
nations have to a considerable extent observed a
sort of neutrality which has been beneficial to our
cause We had better get rid of one war befoie
we commence another.
Mr. THAYER. My friend hardly calls that
sympathy, I presume, it is no more sympathy
than the act of the thief in keeping his hand out
of my pocket.
Mr. WARD. My time will not permit me to
give way fuither to the gentleman.
Mr. iVIOIlRILL. 1 ask thegentleman to allow
me to put a question to him. I merely desire to
know if he is aware of the sympathy manifested
by the British manufacturers and members of the
Biittsh Parliament m signing a certain pledge by
which they became known as members of a south-
ern association ?
Mr. WARD. I have not seen that paper. I
presume there are a great many in England whose
sympathies are with the confederate States.
Mr. MORRILL. I have seen that paper.
Mr. WARD. I will be obliged to the gentle-
man if he will give me his authority.
Mr. MORRILL. I saw it published in the
New York Times, with the names and all ap-
pended.
Mr. WARD. Whether that was so or not, this
House has the common sense to perceive that it
would not be prudent for this Governr%ent at
piesent to legislate so as to lead these Govern-
ments into a more hostile condition than they now
are. I think we had better devote our energies
first to putting dosvn this rebellion, and when the
time comes we will adjust our diiliculties wirh
othernations, if any exist
Now, what 1 understand we desire to attain in
the adoption of a new tariff system in this coun-
try is to secure the most revenue in the best way,
and that it should be derived as far as practica-
ble more especially from articles of luxury; and
while my friend feels great hostility to the Brit-
ish Government, there are still certain features in
New Series No. 169.'
the policy of that Government which If pfesurri6
he will admit we may follow to advantage.90 far
as they are beneficial to the masses of the people.
Now, in Great Britain the receipts in 1862 from
customs were $120,000,000, and of that amount
ninety per cent, was obtained from live or -six
articles, namely: coffee, tea, sugar, spirituous
liquors,and tobacco, aswill appear in the follow-
ing statement:
The revenue of the United Kingdom in 1862
was about $355,000,000, and was derived as fol-
lows:
Customs ' $120,000,000
Excise   90.UJO.QOO
Snunps   45,01)0^000
Land* and a^es-ed taxes i.   15.000,000
Property tax.. ^  35,000,000
Post Office   18,000,000
Other receipts.  12.000,000
Total   $35.5-000.000
Of the receipts from customs ninety per cent,
are obtained from six articles, namely, coffee,
spirits, sugar, tea, tobacco, and wines,'as will
appear from the following statement:
Coffee, duty G cents per pound i ....$2,000,000
Spirits, duty $2 50 per gallon   —13,000.000
Sugai, dut> 3 cents per pound 83,000,000
Ten, duty 35 eent^ per pound ;28,000,000
Tobacco, dutv 75 cents per pound 28,000,000
Wines, duty 50 cents pot gallon #. 5,000,000
Six article*   .$109,0011 0~00
Alt other articles!  11,000.000
Tolal $1*> 000,000
The published accounts show some remarkable
facts.
1. That of the whole revenue of $355,000,000*
spirits contribute $G3,000,000, or 17£ per cent.;
beer contributes $30",000,000, or 8| per cent.; tea
and coffee contribute $30,000,000, or 8| per cent.;
tobacco contributes $28,000,000, or 8 per cent.;
sugar contributes $33,000,000, or 9 per cent.;
wine contributes £5,000,000, or 1£ per cent.;
stamps contiibute $45,000,000, or percent.;
income and property contribute $55,000j000, or
15* per cent.; land tax contributes§6,000,000, or
li por cent.; excise, besides spirits, contributes
$10,000,000, or2^ percent.; post  ffi«-e contiibutes
$18,000,000, or 5 per cent.;assessed taxes contrib-
ute $9,000,000, or per cent.; sundries contrib-
ute $23,000,000, or G| per cent.
2. The whole amount, of revenue is double the
amount of circulation, thus disposing of an-alleged
necessity for a great expansion of currency m or-
der to collect hii^h taxes.
One of the objects of a tariff bill, as of every
description of tax bill, is to realize as large an
amount as can be raised on articles of luxury,
to simplify the whole system, to diminish the
expense of collection, prevent smuggling or iller'
gal trade, and subject the public to as little yexa-
tion and inconvenience,,as few unnecessary bar-
dens as possible; to relieve the masses of the
people as far as possible from any increased price
in the necessary articles of living; but we, on the
contrary, as will be noticed by this bill now before
us, propose to put a tariff upon almost every ar-
ticle that is imported. .
Now, Mr. Chairman, in conclusion, I hope this
House will endeavor, in thccourse they may pur-
sue in regard to thisand every ot her measure affect-
in^ the re venue, to adopt such a policy as will enable -
me to support the bill. At the proper time I shall
move some amendments to the different sections
of the bill, and I hope it may be so amended as
to obviate the objections which now present them-
selves to my mind.
ARMY NEWS.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will slate that
a communication fiom the Secretary of War has
been placed upon his table containing dispatches
relative to army movements, which, if there be no
objection, the Chair will have read.
Theie being no objection, the Clerk read as fol-
lows;
A dispatch from General Graiit-'s headquarter, dated
yesterday, June 1, at teh a. m., has been received by the
