1864.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Costs....1st Sess.
Ililitary Interference with Elections—Mr. Howard.
Senate.
a military commander to free slaves in a civil war,
that no slave is known ever to have claimed his
freedom under it, though, if valid, there must
have been many persons so entitled, and the courts
of Virginia and of the United States were all open
to them for its enforcement and their protection.
"When they cite the opinions of John Q,uincy
Adams it must be remembered that he is on both
sides of the question. He wrote instructions to
our minister denying the right to emancipate and
claiming compensation of England for slaves car-
ried off in the last war, and insisted upon the
question being decidcd by the Emperor of Russia.
And it is further a material consideration that un-
der that claim by authority of the United States
and in the name of that predecessor of Abraham
Lincoln, England paid divers pounds sterling to
the citizens of the United States for negroes she
took, as he alleged, in contravention of the laws
of war. If the proclamation free a slave it diverts
a right sanctioned by a law which he cannot re-
peal; and "if it be not repealed, it would seem to
protect the right it confers. Under the act of 1862
the President is authorized to use the negro pop-
ulation for the suppression of the rebellion; while
the rebellion lasts his proclamation in law ex-
empts the slave from the duty of obeying his mas-
ter, but after the rebellion is extinguished the
master's rights are in his own hands, subject only
to the opinion of the courts on the legal effect of
the proclamation, without a single precedent to
sanction H, and opposed by the solemn assertions
of our Government against the principle worked
to authorize it. Gentlemen are less prudent or
less in earnest than I am, if they will risk the
great issues involved in this question on such au-
thorities before the courts of justice.
By the bill we propose to preclude the judicial
question by the solution of a political question.
How so? By the paramount power of Congress
to reorganize governments in those States, to im-
pose such conditions as it thinks necessary to se-
cure the permanence of republican government,
to lefusc to iccognize any governments there
which do not prohibit slavery forever. Ay, gen-
tlemen take the responsibility to say, in the face
of those who clamor for speedy recognition of
governments tolerating slavery, that the safety
of the people of the United States is die -supreme
law; that their will is the supreme rule of law,
and that we arc authorized to pronounce their
will on this subject. Take the responsibility to
say that we will revise the judgments of our an-
cestors; that wo have experience written^n blood
which they had not; that we find now, what they
darkly doubted, that slavery is really, radically
inconsistent with the permanence of republican
governments; and that being charged by the su-
preme law of the land on our conscience and
judgment to guaranty, that is, to continue, main-
tain, and enforcc, if it exist, to institute and re-
store when overthrown, republican governments
throughout the broad limits of the Republic, we
will weed outevery element of their policy which
we think incompatible with its permanence and
endurance. The purpose of the bill is to preclude
the judicial question of the validity and effect of
the President's proclamation by the decision of
the political authority in reorganizing the. State
governments. It makes the rule of decision the
provisions of the State constitution, whieh, when
recognized by Congress, can be questioned in no
court; and it adds to the authority of the ptoc-
lamaticn the sanction of Congress. If gentlemen
say that the Constitution does not bear that con-
struction, we will go before the people of the
United States on that question, and by their judg-
ment we will abide.
Gentlemen must deny the jurisdiction of Con-
gress over the States where there ate no recog-
nized governments, or place a bound or limit to
the discretion of Congress. Until gentlemen find
such a limit to the discretion of Congress under
the paramount duty imposed, not conferred, upon
Congress to guaranty republican governments,
until gentlemen draw their line of dcmarkation
and show that Congress has not the jurisdiction
to remove what it thinks incompatible with the
permanence of republican governments, \ shall
rest the argument where it is now. When they
shall have attempted to lay down their Hue of dc-
markation, I will be ready to meet them with such
opinions of the founders of the Government and
those who in their footsteps have most wisely ex-
pounded its provisions as I may be able to find.
And if the sentiments of State pride and State
rights be touched by the assertion of this wide
discretion, which men may deny but cannot ex-
punge, I would admonish those who dislike it
that it is a jurisdiction which nothing but the dere-
liction of the States can wake into activity; and
they who wish to exclude it from their limits have
only not to give occasion for its exercise by re-
nouncing obedience to the Constitution and pull-
ing down their own State governments. But now
the jurisdiction has attached in all the rebel States.
Until Congress has assented, there is no State
government in any rebel State, and none will be
recognized except such as recognize the power of
the United States. So that we come down to
this: whether we—and when I say we 1 mean
we upon this side of the House who are firmly,
thoroughly, and honestly convinced that the time
has come not meiely to stiike the arms from the
hands of the rebels but to strike the fetters from
the arms of the slaves, and remove that domi-
neering and cohesive power without which we
could have had no rebellion, and which now is its
animating spiiit, and which will die when it dies
—whether we will exert the power which the
Constitution confers upon us, and whether in our
judgment—not in the judgment of our enemies-r
who have a majority in this House and a major-
ity in the Senate; in our judgment, who nowrep-
lesent a majority of the people of the United
States; in our judgment, who now support the
Executive in this great war, whether in our judg-
ment it is not time to assert that authority.
And if it be time, then all I ask in conclusion
is, that gentlemen will go and read that great ar-
gument of Daniel Webster in the Rhode Island
case before tiie Supreme Court of the United
States, where he met this semi-revolutionary at-
tempt to count heads and call that the people, and
maintained—and so the Supreme Court judged
when it refused to take jurisdiction of the ques-
tion—that the great political law of America is that
every change of government shall be conducted
under the supervising authority of some existing
legislative body throwing the protection of law
around the polls, defining the rights of voters,
protecting them in the exercise of the elective
franchise, guarding against fraud, repelling vio-
lence, and appointing arbiters to pronounce the
result and declare the persons chosen by the peo-
ple. And he says, greatly to the honor of the
American people, it would take him to the going
down of the sun to enumerate the instances in
which almost every constitution in the United
States has bepn changed without one ever hav-
ing been changed by a revolutionary process, not
under the cegis of law, not guided by a preexist-
ing political authority. Fie maintained it to be
the great fundamental principle of the American
Government that legislation shall guide every po-
litical change, and that it assumes that somewhere
within the'United States there is always a per-
manent, organized legal authority which shall
guide the tottering footsteps of those who seek to
restore governments which are disorganized and
broken down.
This bill is an effort to inaugurate in this great
emergency, and to apply to the benefit of our-
selves and our posterity this great principle of
American political law which was expounded by
the first greatest expounder of the Constitution.
Military Interference with Elections.
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. HOWARD,
OF MICHIGAN,
In the Senate or the United States,
March 23 and 24, 1864.
The Semite, in Committee of tin: Whole, proceeded t
to consider the bill (^. Ni>. 37) to pievcnt officers of the j
Army and Navy, tmd other poison* engaged in the military ■
and naval service of the Umted States, from interfering in
elections in the States.
Mr. HOWARD said:
Mr. President: The bill now under consid-
eration bears the following title: " A bill to pre-
vent officers of the Army and Navy, and other
peisons engaged in the military and naval service
of the United States, from interfering in elections,
in the States." It is, sir, an extraordinary bill,
and has been attempted to be supported by an ex-
traordinary speech. The bill is extraordinary,
not only in respect to the time in which it is pre-
sented for consideration by Congress, butforthe
unconstitutional resultsat which it aims; and still
more extraordinary for the strange military results
it contemplates.
The bill in its first section declares that no of-
ficer of the United States, in the military or naval
service of the Government, shall " have under
his authority or control any troops or armed men
within one mite of the place where any general
or special election is held, in any State of the
United States of America." Did the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] who in-
troduced it, contemplate the possible effect which
might follow the enactment of such a clause?
Did he foresee that it might so happen in the
operation and execution of such a provision,
that a rebel army in full battle array might be
within the circle of one mile around a poll at
which ngeneral or special election mightbchcld,in
someone of the States—for example, Kentucky?—
and that the effect of the law of whieh lie was
the proposer would be to prohibit, absolutely*,
any attack being made upon that rebel force within
the magic line extending upon a radius of one
mile around the poll? ts it possible that he in-
tended to. paralyze the arm of the Government,
and to forbifcHhe armies of the United States from
giving battle to the enemy if the enemy happened
to be posted within this magic circle? He alone
can answer the question; bat that such would be
the effect of this clause is apparent to all. Sir,
if it were a law, the poll would not only become
the sanctuary for traitorous voters, but the sanc-
tuary of a rebel force, and we should present to
the world the singularspectacle of a hostile armed
force upon our own soil, within our own juiis-
diction, and a law of the United States prohibit-
ing the Army of the United States in any way
to attack that'force, because, forsooth, it happened
to be within that circle. Sir,it is impossible that
any such act of fatuity and madness can ever
pass the Congress of the United States, whatever
may have been its intention and whatever its
origin. In this respect it would be an act to dis-
arm the Government and to lay it prostrate and
helpless at the feet of its foes. Certainly,sir, no
fiiend of the Government could fora momenten-
tertain a scheme so wild, so suicidal.
The bill proceeds, and declares that" it shall
not be lawful for any officer of the Army or Navy
of the United States to prescribe or fix, or attempt
to prescribe or fix, by proclamation, order, or oth-
erwise, the qualifications of voters in any State
of the United States of America, or in any man-
ner to interfere with the freedom of any election
in any State, or with the exercise of tlie free right
of suffrage in sny State of the United States;"
and it punishes all violations of this clause by a
fine not less than $200, and notcxceeding $20,000,.
and imprisonment in the penitentiary not less than
two years nor more than twenty years, and for-
ever disqualifies the party guilty of such violation
from holding any office of honor, trust, or profit
under the Government of the United States.
Now, sir, it will not be denied that this is a
novel measure. There has not been, in the legis-
lative history of the Government, fiom its foun-
dation down to the time of the introduction of this
bill, so far as I have been able to ascertain, any
precedent for such a measure as this. No mem-
ber of Congress, during the troublous times which
succeeded the close of the revolutionary war,
ever took upon himself to propose so singular a
measure. We have passed through rebellions
since the organization of the Government, and no
such measure has been suggested. We passed
through a bloody and terrible war with Great
Britain, commencing in 1812 and closing at the
close of 1814; a war which produced a strife of
parties within the United States almost as bitter
as that which now prevails; a war in which a large
portion of the people were denounced by their
political adversaries as disloyal to fhe Govern-
ment, and still no precedent of this kind was ever
Bet in Congress. Congress was never called upon
to pass an act so anomalous, bo unconstitutional;
