THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
invested money for speculative purposes in this
whisky which we propose to tax.^
But the gentleman says that this legislation is
unprecedented. The practice of Great Britain on
the subject has been quoted, which proves that we
do not want aprecedent. If it is unprecedented, I
answer the condition of the country is unprece-
dented; and I reply farther that the article Ajvhich
-We are proposing to tax is an exception to all of
the articles manufactured in this country. It does
notstand in the same class even with tobacco and
the other luxuries of the country. It is useless
as a beverage, it is unnecessary save for mechan-
ical purposes, it is destructive to those who use
it, and therefore we have a right to come directly
to the article and wherever we can find it impose
a penalty upon and raise money from those who
use it. If, as the gentleman says, it will not de-
crease the use of it—and in that 1 differ from him—
then I am acting for revenue as well as indirectly
with a view to discourage the use of this article
and promote happiness and morality among the
millions. ,
It has been said in this discussion to-day that
we are doing injustice to those who hold this liquor
on hand and who purchased it for speculation.
Grant that they may not make as much money,
but where are my constituents engaged in distill-
ing? There is a large amount of whisky manu-
factured in my district—I wish there were none
manufactured or consumed—but what is the con-
dition of those who are engaged in this manufac-
ture? They are notlarge manufacturers. They soil
what they manufacture with little delay. As soon
as a few loads are manufactured, they are sent oil
to St. Louis, Chicago, or New York. What must
betheirappeal; whattheirinterest? Why,"ifyou
now increase the tax on whisky to be manufac-
tured when corn lias risen in price and labor is
more expensive and impose more on that now in
store and held by speculator, you virtually de-
stroy our business. You put us into the hands
of the holders of the slocks for the next year or
two. and if you stop our distilling now, it is tan-
tamount to winding tip our business. There is
110 distiller in the land, unless one who is very
rich, who can afford to suspend business for a
year; it would involve bankruptcy." That is the
argument on the other side not to tax. The
amendment adopted by the House does justice to
those who are engaged in the business, to those
who have, thcircnpital invested in it, and to all who
are willing to pay their share of the tax. It works
injustice to none.
The question really resolvesinto this, whether
we are willing to forego the advantage of the in-
creased tax, and give it to the speculators. 1 say,
increase the tax first, and then impose it on all the
whisky now on hand and hereafter to be distilled.
Let those who have been acting on the presump-
tion that the duty would be increased, who have
prepared themselves fur the stoun, who have an-
ticipated the law, pay their share of the inci eased
tax. 1 have received letters saying that this in-
crease had been expected, that ir lias been for
months the talk on 'Change, in distillers' offices,
and all over the land. And therefore it cannot be
said that thesespecnlators did notgo into the btisi-
ness fully aware of the risk they were incurring.
My position, Mr. Speaker, winch I believe can-
not be controverted, is that we owe Jtto the coun-
try, we owe it to safe precedents, we owe it to the
people, not to exempt from the. payment ol this
tax a few men who are wallowing in wealth and
luxury, and who have invested some ol their sur-
plus in whisky 111 anticipation of the increased
duty. They will not thank us for leniency but
will attribute it to our lack of sagacity. 1 hey will
look upon us as having basely yielded to clamor
outside of this Hall as well as in it, that we have
yielded to speculators, to those who care not tor
the condition of the Treasury, but only for their
own pockets. Sir, my course is clear. I shall
vote to increase the tax to the eighty cents pro-
posed by the Senate bill and to assess it upon all
the stock on hand as only even justice to the holder
and producer, and a measure of relief in the sum
of millions of dollars to our Treastit y.
Mr..T. C. ALLEN obtained the floor but yield-
ed to Mr. Cos for a motion to adjourn.
homesthad law.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, had taken
from the Speaker's table a bill (b. No. 60)
amendatory of the homestead law, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOLIAN, by unanimous consent, report-
ed from the Committee on Public Lands a bill
amendatory of the homestead law; which was
read a first and second time, and ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the Committee on
Public Lands.
NAVY-YARD AT CAIRQ.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to establish a navy-yard, depot,
and marine hospital at Cairo, Illinois, which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
STATES IN REBELLION.
Ml'. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask unanimous
consent to report a bill from the committee on re-
bellious States, and to have it printed, and post-
poned until to-morrow two weeks, after the morn-
ing houi.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 object to the postponement.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust there will be no ob-
jection to the bill being reported alid ordered to
be primed, but not to be made a special order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask to have it
printed. .
Mr. HOLMAN. And that the views of the
minority may also be printed.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is that the
bill be reported, printed, and postponed, with an
opportunity to the minority of the committee to
have their views printed. Is there objection?
Mr. BROOKS. I object to the postponement.
I do not object to the report of the bill and to its
recommittal.
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to withdraw his objection.
Mr. BROOKS declined to do so.
Mr. DA Vlti, of Maryland. Then 1 ask that
the bill be printed and lecommitted.
There being no objection,
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, from the committee
on rebellious States, reported a bill to guaranty
to certain States whose governments have been
usurped or overthrown a republican form of gov-
ernment; which was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be printed, and recommitted to the
committee.
WASHINGTON GUARDIAN SOCIETY.
Mr. PJ#E , of Maine, asked unanimous consent
to leport from the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds a bill granting certain privileges to
the Guaidian Society of the District of Columbia.
Mr. WASHBURNIS, of Illinois. 1 insist on
the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
a quartei past four o'clock p. m.) the House ad-
journed.  
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 16, 18G4.
Piayor by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Scsutni-ANB.
The.Toiunal of yesterday was read and approved.
SKNATE CONTINGENT FOND.
Mr. CLARK. 1 ask the Senate to give me a
moment's indulgence this morning to make o state-
ment in regard tu the expenditures of the contin-
gent fund , about which there was some debate and
controversy yesterday, and about which some
statements were made that might be calculated to
do injury to some persons, and to create the im-'
press'ion'that the fund was wrongly administered.
1 took occasion this morning to go into the Sec-
retary's office and make a pretty full examination
of that matter; for I confess I felt a little morti-
fied thatafund under our control and examination
should be in tluiteonfused condition. Iam happy
to be able to state that I did not find it so. 1 did
not find that there has been any improper draw-
ing from one fund to another except in one case
only; end that was where there was a fund of
<j.r>2,]fi4 51 to the credit of binding, from which
there had been appropriated $20,000 for the pay-
ment of the printing of the Globe. Mr. Rives
wanted the money a iittle sooner than the appro-
priate fund could be used, and it was suggested
at the Treasury Department that that fnnd might
be anticipated; but the money is in another fund,
anil is to be replaced, so that it works no mischief
to anybody. That is the only individual case I
could find or trace where there has been a trans-
fer of balances or a drawing from one fund to
another.
It was also stated by one of the members of the
Finance Committee yesterday that bills were
brought before the Secretary of the Senate and
paid and were afterwards submitted to sie Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses for their exam-
ination and approval, making it appear almost a
farce that the bills were submitted to the commit-
tee at all. But such has not been the practice, I
am authorized to say, and in no one ease that 1
•can find have bills been submitted to the commit-
tee for approval except always before they were
paid. I can find no instance where it has been
done. When theyearis through,as an auditing
committee, we look 'over all the bills, and com-
pare the vouchers with the accounts to see that
they are properly vouched, and that is probably
the reason why the statement was made. I desire
to say that I have taken the pains to go and look
the bills all over that have been paid out of the
miscellaneous fund through the year, and I have
not. found one that in myjudgmentis extravagant
or improper. . ,
The person drawing did not comply with the
requisition of the committee in having the oath
put upon the bill as we required; but that was
owing to the change of the disbursing clerk in the
Secrctaiy's office. Mr. Bowen, who was the dis-
bursing clerk when the committee directed that
to be d°one, went into another office, and the pres-
ent clerk came in withoutknowing what had been
the requirement of the committee, nnd so allowed
it to go along; but I cannot find any trace or any
appearance of any improper conduct on the part
of any officer of the Senate.
The deficiency has arisen not so much from
anything this year as from what has taken place
before. I find that in the year 1862 there was a
deficiency in the miscellaneous fund of $19,111 16.
Then that, instead of being paid in 1862, as it
should have been, went over into tile year 1863,
and at the end of 18G3 there was a deficiency of
$14,327 55; so that at the, commencement of this
fiscal year, on the 1st of July, there was a defi-
ciency in the miscellaneous fund; andsofarfrom
what was appropriated, $20,000, this year being
deficient, it has paid the expenses so far or nearly
so far along, and reduced the deficiency to §10,000,
reduced it quite §4,000; and if it had not been for
the deficiency of previous yeais there would have
been no deficiency this year.
I make this statement because what was said
yesterday might be calculated to do injustice to
somebody, and I make it also in justice to the
committee, because they have endeavored to see
that that fund was appropriated properly. I can-
not find any trace of malappropriation of the fund.
Mr. DIXON. When the statement was made
yesterday by the honorable Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] that it was in evidence before the
Committee on Finance that the bills presented to
the Committee on Contingent Expenses had al-
ready been paid before they were submitted for
their consideration, 1 was very much surprised;
but as he made it so confidently 1 was not pre-
pared at that time to contradict it. I am very glad
to hear the statement from the Senator from New
Hampshire which lie has now made. It is en-
tirely m accordance with what I believe to be the
facts' in the case. The bills that are paid without
being piesented to the committee are the bills
which are excepted in the amendment offered by
the Senator from Ohio himself. They are certain
payments which are provided for bylaw; forin-
stance, the payment of pages and certain officers
of the Senate, where piovision is made bylaw
and there is no doubt in regard to the payment.
In those cases the payment is made by the Sec-
retary of the Senate, as hasahvays been the case;
as was the case when the late Secretary, Mr.
Dickins, was m office. But wherever there is any
doubt on any question, the hills, I believe, are al-
ways presented for approval to the Committee on
Contingent Expenses. I will state that at this
time there are some before the committee the pro-
priety of which we are considering, and which
have not yet been paid.
It was also stated yesterday that it was the
habit of the Secretary of the Senate, or the dis-
bursing clerk, to take a portion of one fund and
appropriate it to the payment of other expenses.
1 believe that has not been the ease. The Senator
