86
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 23,
38th Coxa.... 1st Sess.
Ililitary Interference with Elections—Mr. Howard.
Senate.
for, as I shall show directly, this bill, so far at
least as jt relates to elections held within the States
for State officers, is entirely without any warrant
in the Constitution of the United States.
But, sir, this measure is brought forward atan
unpropitious time, at a time when the country is
engaged in war, a civil war, a struggle against an
immense armed rebellion which calls for the ex-
ertion of all the faculties, all the power of the
Government, all its means, and for the exercise
of every patriotic quality which belongs to Amer-
ican freemen; a civil war, sir, of vast proportions,
one in which it is the duty of every man, where
ever he may reside, in some mannci to participate
for the purpose of upholding and maintaining the
Government of his country. I say, sir, it is a
civil war; it is not a mere local revolt, or a local
insurrection. In the strictest sense of the law of
nations it is a civil war, it has been so adjudged
to be by the Supreme Court of the United States.
Let me read from Vattel what he considers to be
a civil war, and what are the rights and duties
growing out of it. lie remarks:
" A civil war bieaks the, bands of society ami govern-
ment, or, at lea^t, Mispend:- their foico and effect; it pio-
duees in the. nation two independent patties, who consider
each, other as enemies, and acknowledge no common judge.
Tho^o two |>aui«sv thereibie, must iK'ce.ssauly be consid-
ered as theneetorwaid constituting, at least for a time, two
separate bodies, two distinct societies. Though one of the
patties may have been to blame ni brenkms; the unity of I lie
State and residing the lawful authoiUy, they are not the
less divided in laet."
And again:
"This being the case, it is vciv evident that the common
laws of war—those maxims o! Immunity, inodeiation, and
iionor winch wo iinve ahcady detailed m the eour.^e ot
thi< wotk—mifrht to be obscived by boili panics in evoty
civil win. For the same ica^ons which render the observ-
ance of those maxims a matter ot obligation between ritate
and tjiate, it become* equally and even moio ncce&sui.v in
the unhappy cucuutataucc of two incensed panics laeei-
fUingtUen common eouiUiy."
The .state of things now existing in the United
States is one tu whu h this definition of this leai ned
author pai liculai ly applies. It is, sir, a war in-
volving in if all the 1 ights of belligerents, so far as
the Govern men t ofthe United States is coneet ned,
and many of the duties of beiiigeicuts. It is nut
a foreign war-, it is a warm which citizens of the
same common country at oengaged upon each side;
but there exists between the two classes of citi-
zens by no means the same obvious tenitorial
distinction wlue.h exists between the subjects of
two belliguient Governments which are, in law,
foreign to each other and independent. There
must he more 01 less intermingling of the belliger-
ent citizens upon the one side and the other. Tin*
two Governments being, in respect to each othei,
not foreign and independi nt, but their citizens
being citizens of the same common Government,
and m law subject to the same authority, there can-
not be drawn between them that exact lino ofdts-
tinction which exists between the subjects of two
belligerent foreign Governments at war with one
another; and hence there will he in the4 minds of
many a certain degree of hesitation, doubt, and un-
'cetMinfy as to the belligerent rights of tlio.se two
pat ties engaged in the v. ai, so fat as their subjects
ate oonceuud; yet then; is, hecau.se there muht be
somev, here, a test, recognized by the law of war,
which is to determine the 11 eat men t that one party
may exei cise towat d the subjects of I he oi her, and
by winch one parly may be known from the other.
It is that lino of demaikation which divides the
loyal from the disloyal. It is the test and touch-
stone by winch the heart of every citizen is to be
tried, and by which it is to be determined whether
he is in favor ofthe old Government or whether
be is opposed to it. All those who in their hearts
aie friendly to the old Govei nmcnt, who are will-
ing to support and uphold it, are loyal—they have
the rights of loyal belligerents; while all those
who in their hearts are opposed to the old Gov-
ernment, or even mdiffeient to its preservation,
who are willing to destroy and overthrow it, or
to see itdesnoynl or overthrown, and especially
those who diiectly or indnectiy give actual aid
and comfoit to the rebellion, are disloyal, and are
to be Uoj'ed a-5 enemies, I know of no other
rule by which a distinction can be established
between the two clashes, h yal and disloyal.
In the undst of this clash of aims, while tite
whole hem [sphere is lighted up by the In rid llames
of war, extending fiom the Atlantic ocean far
west to the Rocky mountains, while every loyal
man is filled with anxiety for the final result of
the contest, while along this frontier, marked by
a line of bustling bayonets for more than fifteen
hundred miles, the war is waging with fury, and the
line itself constantly fluctuating, the Senator from
Kentucky brings forward a bill prohibiting the
military authorities, in any case, in any manner,
to interfere with what he calls the freedom of elec-
tion in the States, severely punishing military
men for fighting battles, in certain cases, as well
as for preventing the enemy himself from partici-
pating in State elections!
That honoiable Senator will admit that for a
measure so novel in its provisions, so extraordi-
nary in the results which it aims to accomplish,
there should be evidence of some great and intol-
erably evij which may be cured by such a meas-
ure. It is not sufficient that there may be a few
trifling instances of wrong and misuse of military
power; the evil should be so enormous as to ad-
dress itself to the conscience of every mcmberof
the Senate, and the evidence of it so clear and
overwhelming as to leave no doubt or hesitation
in the mind. I shall show, I think, before I con-
clude my remarks, that there js nosuchevd; and
that if there be any evil of even considerable mag-
nitude, the evidence of its existence has not been
presented to us by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky or any other member in such form as to
deserve our serious attention.
And, sir, in limine, 1 have to say m respect to
this bill, tl  at it contains a provision which, in my
judgment, is utterly unsupported by any clause
of the Constitution of the United States,and is as
clearly obnoxious to the objection of unconstitu-
tionality as any bill which has ever been pre-
sented to the Senate. I admit that, if Congress
were so unwise, it might, by a statute, direct the
Commandei -in-Chief of the armies not to employ
the troops ofthe United States within any given
place, whether that place be within a mile of a
poll or clsewheie, because I hold that the war-
making, war-conducting power, in all its varying
forms and phases, is lodged in Congress, and that
they have a i ight, if they choose to do so, at all
times to direct the movements of the Army; to
declare what expeditious shall be sent out and for
what purpose; to declare where the Army shall
march, where the Navy shall operate, and to do
anything and everything in lefcrenee to the man-
agement of the Army and the Navy in the con-
duct of a war. This is within their power under
I ho Constitution. I yield that point. If Congress
were so unwise as to undeitake, by special leg-
islation, to sttip the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army ofthe United States of the implied author-
ity which belongs to him as such, they have an
undoubted light to do so, leaving him only his
rank of Commandet-m-Ohief. Hut, sir, when the
Senator fiom Kentucky asks me to give my vote
for a law which assumes to place in the hands of
the Federal authorities the light and the power to
enforce in a time of peace as well as war, as this
bill does, the laws oft he States respecting elections,
or anything else solely pertaining to the States, 1
have to say to him he proposes an absurdity, and
a->ks mo to do a thing impossible to be done.
What is a State election, sir; and to what does
it owe its existence ? Simply and purely to the
constitution or statutes of the State whore it is
held. The power of the State goes nut only to the
extent of defining the qualifications of a voter at
a State election, but to that of regulating the times,
the manner, and the places ol holding such elec-
tions, and Congress has no power whatever over
this subject except that it may, whenever it, shall
see fit, alter the State regulations in reference to
the times, mannei, and places of electing Repre-
sentatives to Congress.* But no powrr is given
to Congress in any case, whatever to change the
qualifications which a State may see lit to icquire
of its own voters. That is a power which is re-
served to the States expressly, and with which
Congress has nothing to do.
The State Inning this original power to pre-
i scribe the qualifications of s1s own \oters, both in
clectioi's ot the oriun s of the State and in the ♦■lec-
tions of members of the House of Representatives,
I beg to know fi om vv hat pros isioti of the Consti-
tution it is that the Senator from Kentucky delives
the power of employing the couits or othei au-
thorities of the United States to punish persons
who may violate a State law regulating elections
or defining the qualifications of State voters?
Whence does he derive the power to punish by
Federal sentences in Federal courts violations of
a law which it is competent fora State and aState
only to enact?
Sir, it is sufficient only to state the proposition
of (he Senator from Kentucky to discover its com-
plete absurdity. Such a provision of an act of
Congress would be simply void, for the reason
that there is no power under the Constitution of
the United Statesauthorizingit. And yet a Sen-
ator who has made louder complaints than any
other in this body of a persistent and continued
violation of the Constitution of the United States;
a Senator whose voice is loud and vehement
and bitter in his denunciations of repeated in-
fringements of the Constitution by the votes of
this body, who sees, or affects to see, the whole
fabric ofthe Government going to wreck like an
old raft passing over a cataract; a gentleman, of
all others in this body, setting himself up to be
the expounder and defender and vindicatoi of the
Constitution, so far loses his own judgment, so
far indulges in legislative experiments, as to ask
Congress to interfere and punish every person in
the military or naval service of the United States
who shall violate a State law regulating State elec-
tions! Congress has no moie power to punish a
person for such an act than to punish him for m-
teifering with any other State law; for instance,
the law relating to the descent of estates, the dis-
tribution of propcity,thc appointment of guard-
ians, or any other act peculiarly within the prov-
ince of State legislation.
Will the Senatortell me in reply that Congress
have a right to inflict this punishment upon a man
because he is in the military or naval service of
the United States? Is this the ground upon which
he rests hisargument? Isthe simple fact of such
a relation of the party to the United States the
fact, which gives Congress additional power to
execute State laws or punish persons who violate
laws which are not Federal but State laws? No,
sir. Such a proposition is not capable of argu-
ment. Men are placed in the nulifaiy service of
the United States for the purpose of acting 111 that
capacity; and the power of Congress in such
cases only goes to the extent of controlling and
regulating their conduct according to the code of
war; ancfthere it stops, it cannot be pictcnded
that because a man is a soldier in the Army and
goes home and commits a murder in the State to
which he belongs Congress therefoi c may declare
by a law that he shall be tried and punished for
the murder in a Federal coiut. The ciimc- in
such a ease is committed against the peace and
dignity of the State, not against the peace and
dignity of the United States; and although if com-
mitted by him while in actual service and in the
ranks he might be punished by couit-martial, yet
the offense would be against the code of war and
not the laws of the State.
Let us then, sii, hear something less, if the Sen-
ator pleases, of these continued, bitter denuncia-
tions against the majority of this body for viola-
tions of the Constitution. For one, sir, I say to
that Senator, I do not acknowledge him as a safo
teacher. "JVon taliauxUioynre (hfensoribus islis:"
Give us'no such aid, no such defenders.
The bill then, sir, so far as it undertakes to
punish persons employed in the Army and the
Navy for mtei feiing with State elections—Imean
the election of Statu magistrates and -State offi-
ces—is uttcily void and utterly impracticable.
What right have wc to say to a soldierin the sci v-
ice of the United States in time of peace—for I
intend to confine this exclusive power of the States
to a period of peace—who goes to a poll in Ken-
tucky and assumes to prescribe to the voters of
that State some qualification forbidden or not
lecognized by the laws of Kentucky, " You are
committing an infraction of a law of the United
States?" What right have we, in other words,
to punish him for an offense which m its nature
and essence is solely an offense against Kentucky ?
None whatever,* sir.
Certainly, Mr. Fiesident, I could not have an-
ticipated that a doctrine such as this could have
proceed*d fiom a gentleman affecting to be so
tenacious of State rights, so preeminent for his
