1864."
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSKMAL GLOBE,
87.
38th conxi....1st Spss. Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Howard.
Senate,
attachment to what ho regards as the reserved
rights of the States, and who asserts so loudiy,
so emphatically, arid so habitually, upon this
floor, that Congress is daily guilty of the crime
of violating them.
* Sir, what may be the real purposes of this bill
I shall not undertake to say; but it may aid us
somewhat to form a judgment touching those pur-
poses to refer to the principles which lie beneath
it; to icfer to theoiiginand fountain of the meas-
ure; and at the expense of some little weariness
on tiie pait of the Senate, I must take the liberty
of reading a, few passages relating to the honora-
ble Senator who has introduced it. This will,
pethaps, assist us in divining the great object
which lies beneath it.
It will be remembered, sir, that only about two
years ago the colleague of the honorable Senator
rose in his place in tins Chartfber and offered a
resolution asking the Senate to expel the Senator
from this body fui disloyalty; a fact which neither
this body nor the country will hastily forget. It
may aid us, as I said before, in our estimate of the
purposes, the animus, of the measure, to refer to
the declarations not only of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, who is its author, but to those of his col-
league. In introducing the resolution of expul-
sion against the author of the bill, Mr. Davis—I
am obliged to call his name for distinction's sake—
in the preamble of that resolution, recited the fol-
lowing facts:
"Whenjas Lazarus W. Powell, a Senator from the
Stair of Kentucky, after eleven States had published their
ordinances of secession, hy which to sever themsclvesfrom
the Government of the United States, had foimrdacon-
fedeiation and piovisional government, and made war upon
the United States?, did, on the 20th day of June last, at the
citv of Ileudeison, in the State ot Kentucky, attend a Targe
southern Suite lights convention, over which he was call vd
.to and did piosido ; and, on taking his seat as president
thereof, made a speech, in winch he stated the object of
said convention, and then appointed a committee, which
lepoitod to «aid convention a loitg^enes of resolutions I hat
weie unanimously adopted hy it. Among those resolutions
aie the following:
" • 2. That the wai being now waged by the Fedeiai Ad-
ministiation against the touthein States is in violation of
the Con-tituUon and laws, and has aheady been attended
with such stupendous usuipauons as to amaze the world,
and endanger eveiy safeguaul of constitutional hbcitv.5
"'That the leeall of the invading armies, and theiccog-
ntiion of the sepaiate independence of the confedciate
Stales, is the tiue policy to restoie peace and pieserve the
relations of t'late.rna! love and amity between the States.'
"'6. That we heaitily appiove the refusal of Governor
Magoffin to furnish Kentucky troops to subjugate the South;
and we coidialfy Indole hit> lecent piociamation defining
the position of Kentucky, in aeeoidance with tlie sentiment
of her people, and forbidding the invasion of Kentucky by
Federal or confederate tioops.
" ( 7. That although Kentucky has determined that her
proper position at present is that of stiiet neutrality between
the belhgeient sections, yet, if citliet of them invade het
soil against her will, she ought to resent and repel ilby nc-
ccsKcrt/ fot f;e.' •
"The closing specch of this convention was mad" by Sen-
atoi Powell, and the resolutions passed by it, and a sum-
mary statr inent of its proceedings, were signed by linn as
its piosident.
il On the 10th of September last, while theLegUlatuieof
Kentucky was m session m the town of Fiankfort, and af-
ter her tt'cutoiy had br en invaded at two distant points by
the confedciate aitiues. and while Humphrey Maishatl was
employed in organizing and di illing an armed body of rebels
in the contiguous county of Owen, a iaige southern State
right5! convention assembled and held its sessions in Fiank-
foj t,foi the apparent purpose of oveiawmg tiie Legislature,
conttollmg its deliberations, and deterring it fiom pas?ing
measures to support the Union and the Government of the
Fiated States. Lazarus W. Powell was a delegate to
that convention from the county of Henderson, and was
appointed o.i its committee of te?olutions. Among othei
resolutions., Hint etunmittee icpottedthese:
Resolved, Tfi.it eveiy mateiial interest of Kentucky,
as well as the highest dictates ot patiioti«m. demand that
peacc should be mmntained within her boidcis, and this
convention solemnly pledges tiie honor of its incmHeis to
do all in their power to promote this end.
{"2. That it is the deliberate sense of this convention
and it !•. believed o( an nveiwhelming mnjontyof tiie peo-
ple of Kentucky, that the best and perhaps the only mode
ofcffectmg tin- gieat object i- by adhering stiicfly, i igidly,
and impai iiallv to hei chosen and ott-dcclared position of
nontiality flining the existence ol the deploiahle war now
lagiiic between the sections; taking sides neither with the
Govei nuient nor with the seceding States, and ueclaung
her toil nni-t be pt cset ved ini iolute fiom the en med ocntpa-
lion of eithei.
••' D. Ti5.it we considei it incompatible witli the neutral-
ity avow ed b.. Kentucky to vote money for the pio.5ecution
ot t!tc eivj war, oi to my the people of the State, or aug-
ment iis debt soi a put pose so unwise, and for a cause so
hopeless as the mihtaiy subjugation of the coni'edeiate j
Stateo." j
As to this Fiankfort convention, Mr. Davis, in j
his speech on that occasion, remarked: i
"This was a convention of most intense &eec<-ioiusts:, f
and Wiis attended by John C. Breckinridge and many of the
leaders ot that patty fiom seneially over the State. Wil-
liam 1'iestoti and 11. VV. YVoolcy, E<q<., made speeches to
it fiaught with the lankor-t treason, and denouncing the
fiercest \Var against the United States. Its resolutions were
unanimously r.doptcd, and its business closed with the fol-
lowing one offered by Senator Powell:
(i 1 Resolved, That Colonel William Preston,George W.
Johnson, Esqs., General Lucius Desha, Captain Hiehaid
Hawes, and Thomas P. poiter, Esq., be, and they are
hereby, appointed a committee of organization, in order to
carry out the put poses of this convention; and full powers
aie conferred upon them for that object.'
Those men wete thus commissioned in the cause of
conspiracy, treason, and lebellion. By the warrant given
them, on the motion of Senator Powell, they went forth
and organized, oi advised and assisted hi the organization
of aimed bands of tiaitois, and soon thereafter led them
into the confedciate camps, wheie they aie yet struggling
to consummate the disiuption of the Union and the over-
thiow of the Constitution and laws ot the United States.
Fiom the beginning of this gieat lebellion to the present
time Senatoi Powkll lias neither done nor said anything
in Congress or out of Congress to strengthen or sustain the
United Suites in this mighty struggle fur national life.''
No, sir; he had done nothing, he had said noth-
ing to cncourage the prosecution of this just and
holy war to maintain and uphold the authority
of his country. I am not aWare, sir, that from
the time this resolution of expulsion was pre-
sented down to the present moment the honorable
Senator from Kentucky has here or elsewhere
done an act, or given a vote, or said a werd to
promote the prosecution of this just war against
those who would pull down tire icmplc of liberty
as established by our fathers.
The Senators colleague, in the course of his
speech on that resolution, speaking of the prin-
ciples of the Senator to whom I am now alluding,
said:
" They woie n? well known to mo before I left the State
of Kentucky to come io this city to take my seat as a lep-
rescntative m the Senate fiom that State, as they aie at
this day. With tins full knowledge upon the part of my
coji^tiinerH-y and of jV'self, rhey have no mote united or
earnest desue than that my colleague should be removed
from his scat."
Again, in the course of the same speech, the
same Senator [Mr. Davis] said:
"Mi. Pi evident, it was a dreadful, and for a long urne a
doubtful, struggle in that State which paity would pievail
and control us destiny. The popular mind of the State of
Kentucky had to be educated against all their sympathies,
all their inteiest^, ail their business connection**, ami against
the feelings and sympathies ot their biethren in the South,
befote they could be induced to take position in favoi of
the Union and of their Government against them."
Again, this is the further testimony of the col-
league of the Senator who produced this bill:
"Mr. President, what was the duty of my colleague at
that time, that eventful and doubtful time? Ilis position,
his principle*, his moial power as an ex-Governor of the
State of Kentucky and asa Senator repiesentingthat State
in the Senate of the United States, weiu all thrown against
the Government of the Union and in 1'nvor of the lebellion
and of the secessionists. [ challenge him to produce a sin-
gle act of his, public or pnvate, liom that time to the pres-
ent, that ever evinced the least interest in or sympathy for
his own Government, or the smallest pmpose to suppoit
and uphold that Government accoiding to tile obligation of
his constitutional oath. J challenge him to produce a sin
gle act, public oi pi ivate. of Ins, the tendency of which was
not to fettcngtben the icbellion.togiveiteompleteand final
success, to di-iupt tbN Union, and to oveitiuow the Con-
stitution oi the United State*."
The same Senator, quoting from a former speech
of ihe authoi of the bill, furnishes us the follow-
ing precious declaration:
" I say now that I am for enforcing the laws in all the
States that aie vii/untne Union ; but I am opposed to mak-
ing war on States that ate v ilhout the Union. I am opposed
to coeicing seceded Stales. Tii.it 1 have declared in this
Chamber on moie occasions than one, iieictofoie. I am
utterly and entitely oppo-cd tocoeicion. I have distinctly
and explicitly declared that I believed that war on the se-
ceding States would put an end to all hope of any recon-
struction of the Union, and hold that no true lover of the
Union can be m favor of coeieion. I hold that we have
no light mi'lei the Constitution to make wai upon those
Stater." — Coup cssional Gtohc andJjppendia1860-61, part
2, page 137').
Such, sir, woie at that time, and I presume
still remain, the political sentiments and predi-
lections of tlie honorable Senator from Kentucky;
holding it to be unconstitutional for the Govern-
ment of the United States to wage war for the
put pose of put ting down the u: bell ton and restor-
ing theGovemmrntand the authority of the Con-
stitution. That question has been so often dis-
cussed (hat any observations on my part would
bo entirely supeierogatory, and I dismiss it with
the single lemaik that to my mind it is incredible
that any man afiocting to be friendly in any pos-
sible sense to tlie Government of the United States,
can maintain the doctrine that under the Constir
tution the Government is entirely powerless Vo
defend its own existence, utterly impotent 4.6
wield the sword of self-defense, leaving it a prey'
to every insurgent, every schemer -who may see
fit anywhere within or without the limits of the
United States to make a foray ;upon it and, to
overthrow it. What an amazing absurdity* that
a Government may make laws for its own citi-
zens, own vast domains, and hold international
relations with the sovereign Powers of the earth j
ami yet have no rightful authority to enforce its
laws, dispose of its domains, or keep its engage- -
ments with other nations if resisted by rebellious
communities under the name of States!
But, sir, 1 have not yet finished with the de-
velopment of the principles of the Senator from
Kentucky. I next call as a witness on that sub-
ject the Senator himself, in order that there may
be no doubt or question as to his principles. In
his speech, in reply to that of his colleague ask-
ing for his expulsion, the Senator used the fol-
lowing language:
" 1 distinctly avow here that I was in earnest and acted
honestly in this whole matter of neutrality; and I had but
one object, but one purpose,and that was to keep the war
out of the borders of Kentucky, and to allow Kentucky,
who had nothing to do with bringing on this war, who bad
been opposed to it, to stand as peace-maker between the
belligerents Willi the single view of preserving the Union."
What, sir, Kentucky had nothing to do with
bringing on this war! Who was the Vice Pres-
ident of the United States when the war broke
out, occupying that chair which you, sir, now
occupy? It was a distinguished citizcn of the
Senator's own State,44 Old Kentucky." 1 hope
and trust* she has no other specimen of that kind
of loyalty. I trust that the future of Kentucky
will be free from the honor, if it was ever an
honor, of producing a John C. Breckinridge, once
Vice President of the United States !
I do not say that Kentucky as a community
was particularly instrumental in bringing on the
rebellion; but I say this, bfecause I,can say it with
perfect historical truth, that there were few places,
even within the States which afterwards absolute-
ly seceded from the United States, in which the
spirit of secession and rebellion was more viru-
lent and rampant than in Kentucky, nnd it can-
not be said with any truth that Kentucky took
no part in bringing on this war, if it can be said
with any truth that South Carolina, where the
first shot was fired, took a part in bringing it on.
Again, the Senator from Kentucky, in the
course of that speech, speaking of the President's
call for seventy-live thousand troops to defend
the capital at the first outbreak of the rebellion,
said:
" I will state to the Senator and to the country the view
that Kentucky took of that question, as far as T am ad-
vised. Kentucky believed that this call for seventy-five
thousand men was not necessary (or the defence of the cap-
ital or of the public pioperty. She believed that the call-
ing forth of such an imiriPiise aimamcnt was foi the pui-
posc of making a war of subjugation on the southern States,
and upon that ground she icfused to furnish the regiments
called for."
Yes, sir, she did refuse to respond to the first
call of a patriotic President. At a moment when
the very existence of this capital was menaced,
only a brief space after an attempt had been made
by the conspirators to assassinate him on his
journey to the capital; when it was perfectly well
known here that the conspirators had made up
their minds, if possible, to put him to death, to
seize upon this capital and the public archives,
and to establish Washington as the seat of con-
federate power; when the whole country was
trembling with anxiety and amazement at the au-
dacity of the conspnators; at that gloomy moment
when the President of the United States was call-
ing for seventy-five thousand nvm to tush to the
seat of Government and save all from ruin, the
Governor of Kentucky refused all aid,allsympa-
thy, and the Senatordenounced the call for troops
as a wanton violation of the Constitution; and lie
now coolly informs us that Kentucky believed the
call was not necessary for the defense of the cap-
ital or of the public property, and claims credit
to himself for the discovery that Kentucky ,ha4
nothing to do with bringing on the war I
Again, he said of Kentucky:
{£ She hopes, she wishes, she prays that this Union may
be maintained. She believes tiiat cannot be done by force
of aims; that it must be done by compromise and concil-
