1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
considered, not only the question of our home in-
terests to be considered, but there is this greater
question, which is entirely new in the polity of this
Government, to be considered, that of prohibiting
entirely by the imposition of extraordinary du-
ties the importation ofa particular class of articles.
Wow, this bill—although I think it has been
printed only about forty -eight hours—has already
been examined by practical men in the city of
Ncwfyork—practical men, importing merchants
whose interests will be directly affected,and who
have extraordinary facilities for the investigation
of bills of this character.
I will now ask the Clerk to read an extract
from the Shipping and Commercial List of New
York, a paper of an entiiely non-partisan charac-
ter, and that never contains a word of politics of
any kind, name, or nature in its columns.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The least that can be said concerning the. now tariff
bill is tint it fails altogether to meet the public expecta-
tion. We iiave not devoted much attention to its exam-
ination ourselves as yet, but we have seen enough of it to
warrant us in indorsing the verdict of the mercantile pub-
lic that it is an abortion, and in asserting, without fe.u of
contradiction, that almost any half dozen intelligent New
York merchants could, in five days, frame a bill eminently
better calculated to meet the requirements of the Govern-
ment and the public expectation than the miserable con-
glomeration which is now put forth as the fruit of a five
months' deliberation on the part of Congress.
" Tins may seem Jike rather strong language, but it must
be considered that in view of the painful situation of our
national affairs,.the immense issues of paper money, and
its consequent great depreciation, and of the fact that the
country has looked to Congress with the confident expect-
ation that it would provide ways and means tor carrying
the war to a successful issue, and at the same time pio-
vide for a contraction of the cuirency and a gradual extinc-
tion of the national debt, something a little more commen-
surate with the requirements of the times was to have been
expected of our national Representatives. The tariff ami
tax bills have been looked to duung all these mouths as
the predestined source of relief from all our financial trou-
bles; and the public impatience has meantime been re
pres&ed by the vain hope that Congress would grasp the
subject in its full scopc, and that the result of their labors
would prove satisfactory to the general public. And yet
the crudeness of the tariff bill jus* published appears to be.
even more apparent than almost any of its predecessor*.
In the free list, which many people looked to see almost
wholly done away with, are contained many articles which
could far better afford to pay a higher rate of duty than many
other articles, the duty on whieh has been doubled. Among
these we may cite indigo. Can any one tell why tins arti-
cle should not pay a duty commensurate with its value a*
an article of merchandise? The mercantile public confi-
dently expected that a pietty heavy tariff would be laid on
foreign fruits, &c., &e.; in&tead of which they are either
Ictt on the free list or come in at the old rates, while it is
well known that they would easily bear a moderately heavy
tax. Many other crudities might be cited, buf, these aie
tfUlHcient to indicate the genetal character of the new tariff
bill, winch it has taken Congress over five months to bring
lorth.
"There is much doubt as to whether the bill is leally a
new bill, or the old one revised. It it is a new bill, then
veiy many aiticles on which duties hav« hitherto been
paid, and of which there h no mention made in the bill,
are included in the fine ; but it it is the old bill revised,
they are left untouched, and, of course, come under the old
rates ; while a great proportionot them would beai an ad-
dition of fifty per cent, to the duties hitherto paid. The ex-
pectation that a laige icvenue would accrue to the. Govern-
ment fioin this source is destined to be disappointed if the
bill becomes a law, and it undoubtedly will, unless some
steps be immediately taken to arrest it  piogies-« We
would suggest that hereatter, whenever the consideration
of any such important measure touching commeice and
trade as the revision of the tariff bill may be rendeied ac-
cessary,the N«'W York Chamber of Commerce,or a com-
mittee of meichants fiom each of the principal cine-, be
consulted, with a view of obtaining the benefit of their
mercantile knowledge and expei tenee. We re^p< ettully
suggest that the country has had quite enough of the ioo-e
kind of legislation novv in vogue, and the sooner Congress
makes haste to retrace its stcp-> the butter it will be for it.>
own reputation and the eounti v at large. Ft may not he too
late even now to induce Congiess to ignore the major part
of the recommendations of ihe Committee of VVajs mid
Mean*, and it would be well for the Chamber ot Commerce
to put foitli the endeavor to procutc a levision of the new
bill befoic action shall have been taken upon it.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Chairman,
these views are the views of the entire mercantile
interest of the city of New York. I repeat, and
1 challenge contradiction, that the views expressed
in the slip of paper which the Clerk has just read,
taken from the great commercial paper of the
country, having no political bias whatever, and
never having contained a paragraph oraword on
any political subject, are the views of ail the men
in this country who are capable of giving a dis-
interested opinion upon cjuestions of this char-
acter. Sir, I acquit the distinguished member of
the Committee of Ways and Means who has
charge of this bili, [Mr. Morrill,] of any design
to propose any measure that is not in his judg-
ment for the true interests of the country; but I
complain that in the formation of a bill of this
kind the committee should have abstained from
calling to their aid the information which only
practical experienced men could give them, and
that relying upon their book knowledge, upon
their investigation of pievious tariff bills, and
upon the speeches of men who have dealt in the-
ories and not in facts, instead of doing what Eng-
lish statesmen have always done under similar
circumstances, have given us a bill, which, as has
been properly stated in the extract which has been
read, is an exceedingly crude and improper meas-
ure.
Now, if revenue is the object, why is there so
large a free list5
Sir. MORRILL. I merely desire to say that
rnoie gentlemen representing the commercial in-
terests of New York have appeared before the
Committee of Ways and Means during the pres-
ent session than those representing any other
interest.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I have no doubt
that particular individuals, whose individual in-
terests are to be affected, have appeared before
that committee to protect themselves. But I would
ask whether the committee have called to their
aid the leading and disinterested retired merchants
of New York, and whose individual interests are
not to be affected by the passage of your bill.
They have not sought information of that char-
ac.tcr from that class of persons who could give
them not only a disinterested opinion but judi-
cious counsel
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say, in response
to the gentleman from New York, that the pres-
ent bill is based upon the bill of 1861. When
that bill was framed, gentlemen from all parts of
the country were here, some of them voluntarily
and some of them by invitation of theComnuttee
of Ways and Means. As suggested in my re-
marks upon this bill to-day, the Committee of
Ways and Means have no power to summon gen-
tlemen from abroad, or to ask them to come here
except at their own expense. It,is not to be ex-
pected that they will do that. If we had the
power, I admit that it would be of incalculable
service to the Committee of Ways and Means to
summon gentlemen from all parts of the country,
including the gentleman's constituents, and to put
them upon their oaths in relation to these matters.
I believe it would be better for the country if we
had that power. But in framing this bill, it was
only intended to make an increase of duties on
such articles as becomes necessary inconsequence
of the operation of the internal revenue bill.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Then, Mr. Chair-
man, the gentleman admits that so far as this bill
is concerned, the Committee of Waysand Means
has notsoughtthe information which,in myjudg-
ment, it should have sought.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 beg pardon of the gentle-
man again. The Committee of Ways and Means
1ms sought information from various individuals,
but not extending over the whole country as it
would have done if it had the power.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I understand the
gentleman entirely. He says that on a previous
occasion the Committee of Ways and Means did
seek information, but that on the present occa-
sion it has had voluntary information from
gentlemen who could afford to pay theirownex-
penses m corning here to influence the action of
the committee. Outside of them the committee
Iiuh not nought information.
Mr. MORRILL. Again I beg the gentleman's
paidon. The committee has sought information
to some extent outside of them; and gentlemen
have been brought here to give the committee
in formation.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Then I misun-
derstood the gentleman. I regret if the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has sought the in-
formation, that it has not sought it in quarters
capable of giving it good advice. 1 assume that
the Committee of Ways and Means ia earnestly
desirous that Congresa shall pass a tariff hill, and
that it has attempted to frame one for the purposes
of revenue. Do 1 understand that to be die ob-
ject of the bill? I wait for a reply.
Mr, MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I have al-
ready stated, and think the repetition unnecessary,
that we have raised the duties on imported goods
wherever it became necessary in consequence of
our action on the internal revenue bill, and, in ad-
dition to that, wherever we thought any consider-
able amount of revenue would be obtained.'
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I
think the gentleman is not entirely frank in his
reply. Is it a bill for revenue or not? I desire
an answer to that one question. ' ' -
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, 1 think I have
been perfectly frank. The bill is for the purpose
of revenue. We could not obtain the revenue
from the internal duties unless we had put an
equivalent tax on imported goods.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Very well, sir.
Then if it be a bill for revenue I think it is really
open to the objection made to it to-day by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] with this addition,
that it omits entirely duty upon almostevery article
(hatentersintoNew England cortton manufactures.
They remain, as under existing tariffs, on the free
list, while it proposes that all articles that enter
into the employment and consumption of agricul-
turists and of the commercial and trading com-
munities shall bear increased duties. If revenue
be the object, why is it that the article indigo, the
importation of which amounts to millions and
millions of dollars into the port of the city of
New York alone every year, is exempt from any
duty whatever? Not only is that the case in
regard to indigo, which is exclusively used in
the cotton manufactures of New England, but ba-
rilla,madder,sumac,and dye-woods of all kinds,
numbering some ten or twelve different classes,
which are used to make different dyes and colors,
and are used almost exclusively in the manufac-
turing institutions of the country, are on the
list; while iron of every character and kii.d, an
article that enters into the necessities of husband i v,
in ship-building, and indeed m ulmosi all tlx pur-
suits of life, is very heavily taxed ui.der V is b* t«
1 repeat, if the object of the bill be revenue, u hy
is it that importations, amounting to millions and
millions per annum, of a peculiar kind ot 'oreigu
products pay no duty whatever? The-smne may
be said of spices, fruits, and other articles ot lux-
ury, on which the proposed increase is eithei
nothing at all or very small.
Then, sir, with reference to foreign fruits, an
article of luxury of which there is a iar e con-
sumption and a large importation, the duty is nor
raised at all. ^ *
I have nodoubtthat if the Committeeof Wft_ys
and Means, with the practical lufrrmaf.nn el f y
have before them now, would take upthf
lists of articles that are imported into theveiimia
collection districts of the country, and iu\nv a
bill exclusively for revenue, Without tin;i!:inir
the protection of particular artiih^ rr £,:•• <> «:l.-r
classes of industry, they would p;x!uce a bib
which, in my judgment, would prod acq double
the amount which this bill wdf, without"t.ny d.t-
riment to the country whatever.
But, sir, there are other obj> ctions to this odi.
The fourteenth section, ms well as thcfiitecnih,
introduces a new principle m the legislation of the
country. It says, in substar.ee, that an iiripoi'tcr
who is aggrieved by the decision of the collector
of the port of New Yifrk shall have no redress
aside from the right to appeal to the Secretin y of
the Treasury. But if the appeal is not made
within a limited period there .is no redress-what*
ever. He cannot go to the courts for redress.
It is the first time in the history of the legisla-
tion of the country, the first time-even in the ex-
traordinaiy legislation of the last two years, ili.'t
such a principle has been introduced into any bill
proposed in either House of Cbngiess.
Let me illustrate. I am an importing merchant
in the city of New York. 1 receive a car^o of
wine, or any o.ther article of merchandise which
pays an ad valorem duly. The ad valorem d ut is
regulated by the invoice, or cost price at port of
exportation, the invoice properly certified accord-
ing to all the requirements of law. My entries
are made at the custom-house. My invoices are
sworn to and everything "is regular. The col-
lector of the port, through caprice or ignorance,
takes exception. The collectors at that port are
sometimes lawyers, although, m my judgment,
they should invariably be merchants, i say
through ignorance or through caprice, or from -
some motive, the collector says my invoice is a
false invoice, and thattheduty should notbe col-
lected upon it. An appraisement is made, and
fifty or one hundred per cent, is added to the in-
voice value, i have no recourse; my goods may
