1716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
passed, tt wasintended, with the tariff, to cover an j try. Let it be<known and understood that, should
ordinary annual expenditure of $60,000,000, the | the war be closed by 1865, our present proposed
interest on a debt of about $1,000,000,000, and scale of taxation will support the Government and
leave something more as a sinking fund. \
The magnitude and length of the rebellion has
go far exceeded our anticipations that it is now
necessary to revise our estimates and make our
system of taxation large enough to cover ail con-
tingencies. The demands upon the Treasury are
unprecedented, but we have only to marshal our
resources and they are equal to all emergencies,
and to any campaign, good or bad. The bill now
presented, with the receipts from the tariff, will
cover an assumed ordinary annual expenditure of
0100,000,000, much greater than any prior to the
rebellion, pay the interest on ^3,000,000,000 of
debt, if it should ever reach so much, and leave
a most respectable sinking fund besides. If we,
the Representatives of the people, pass this act it
will show that the financial credit ofthe Govern-
ment is to be sustained at ail costs, and it will tend
to cure the evils of foul speculation, which inev-
itably goes hand in hand with an inflation of the
currency, by throwing losses upon those who em-
bark in such.
The system of internal taxation of two years
ago, which, as we had to improvise it upon being
plunged into a war of almost unexampled magni-
tude, cannot fairly be cited for the first year as a
test of the amount of revenue to be realized from
it, ts now rapidly vindicating the- wisdom of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress which so earnestly la-
bored, and nearly as a unit, to give just piopor-
tion to its principles as well as symmetry to its
details. 1 hope the present Congress may he
relied upon f« r equal fairness, patriotism, and
coinage. With nothing added by tins Congress,
we are receiving from forty to fifty percent, more
internal revenue tins year than last, and when all
of the offsets shall have been propelly taught
how to enforce the provisions of the law, it may
be expected to do better still. Even now the rev-
enue derived from this source is, as was expected,
more impoitant to the Treasury than that from
imports, and both together aie now equal to any
scale of ordinary expenditure in time of peace,
and the payment of infeie.st on a debt of much
larger magnitude than all we have yet piled upin
the huiic sums requited to maintain an Army and
iSTavy whose vastuess is only sm passed by that
of the theater o\<-r which they aie displayed.
Thus far we have proven to our own people, at
least, that the interest-bearing seeuuUes of the
United States aie solid beyond pcradventure.
They test upon the stout shouldei s of the Amer-
ican people whose ceaseless activity bungs forth
moil1 wealth in one year than any other people in
three, mid whose decennial increase of population
is six times greater than that of any nation in
Eui-( pe.
The annual increased value of the national
wealth,as actually taxed lor each year, between
the census of [850 and 1800, was $804,88^,054,
while our public debt, aceoidmg to the <stimate
of the Seeretai y of the Tieawury, will have ticen
increased, if the war lams so long, for the yar
July 1, 38G4, to July 1, 1865, only ^544,978,5.V),
and fiom this sum tbeje must be deduct, d the
great augmentation of the rev  nue proposed by
the pieacnt bill.
If we pirn this measure, without curtailing its
dimensions—and I think it will be the pleasure of
thef louse rather to increase than dimmish them —
wc shall furnish proof that we am not. only pay
jnteie.->t on our public debt, whatever it ia likely
to be, and the ordinary expenses of tin1 Gover
pay off the entire national debt in but a little more
than ten years. Let it also be known and under-
stood that our present large annual expenditure
is not equal to our annual increased wealth. If
any gentlemen doubt this, I invite them to the
test of arithmetic.
What is our present condition? When this war
commenced we had but a small number of war
vessels, less than one hundred all told. Since that
time we have built or purchased ships, steamers,
iron-clads, monitors, and gunboats, so that we
now have one of the finest navies in the world, or
in round numbers over six hundred vessels. We
have made or bought rifled cannon and cannon
of immense caliber, with other field equipage, so
that our ordnance and ordnance stores are now
absolutely immense. We have made or bought
rifles and muskets, wagons and horses, almost
without number. Our aimies are the largest and
finest we have ever brought into the field, sur-
passing any ever known under the greatest war-
captains of the world. They are in position.
Our officers, weeded of the incompetent and those
who have no stomach for the fight, possess the
confidence of the soldiers and of the country. All
this lias been achieved at great labor and great
cost, but it is all paid for. All the enginery of
war is leady, and the first outlay has not to be
repeated. We have but to supply the means to
kiep it in motion and to make good the wear and
tear of its mighty operations. With only ordi-
nary prudence upon the part of commanders, the
very wetght of our columns must drive the rebel
aimies rearward, and with the dash of the gen-
eral who never lads to " move on their works,"
we are not too sanguine in expecting more im-
portant and crushing results than any hitherto
vouchsafed to our asms.
But let us set our house in order financially,
and we can withstand even heavy disasters in the
field. 1 do not look for them, but I would take
a bond of fate. VVitli sound credit and with mil-
itary success we shall be indeed
O'er nil the ill.-* of Uk  victorious.''
Let us show to our enemies and to the world
that w.e are sti ipp'uvi for the tight, and that " fail"
not an Amencan word.
lint to curry on this stiuggle to a triumphant
termination, to sustain our finances, (the only
spot assailable on the United Stated map,) there
are duties to be pei formed by Congress. The ut-
most economy in all departments of the Govern-
ment must be ligidly insisted upon or we perish.
Congress holds the purse-sti mgs of the nation,
and if appropriations shall bo made hwidily, or
for any but immediate and most piessmg neccs-
I sines, il will be held to a fearful lespousiiulity.
j We must not call extravagance generosity, nor
j economy meanness. We have no treasure to
; squandei. If there be any jobs or buncombe
! measures supposed to be necessary to be carried
1 through m order to secure selections. the coun-
5 try can be'ter dispense with the services of the
! sponsors of such meaxuia s. [ trustthere are none
such, and that thete is no member on this floor
who has not the courage to suet ifice himself rather
than the gieatest good of bin < ountry. To force
the Tteasury to issue legal-tender notes in any
way beyond the piosont limits—though the wages
of labor, though the pay of salai.cd men and of
the soMter should be increased—would result m
disappointment and disaster. When the business
ment m tune of peace, but that we shall contub- il ofthe country requires only $400,000,000 ot cur-
.... , i i i.v. „ i i' ...   iwifi Ann nor
ute handsomely toward keeping our ctii rent ex
peases with in moderate limits—such limits as will
convinc the world at large, as well as the most
weasen-faced doubter among our own people who
has any lawful money hoauled, that the people of
th" United States not only have the means uut the
icill to pay every bond they now owe, oi ever
Will owe, pimcip.i! and inteiefctin com, undipped
and 'audiaimed by po.-tponoui -iit foi a single hour. 1
Too j'lo he iattii will be mamrruned ai all hi?.-1
ard;. At ibis mom< nr the Govci nnvnt is sup-
plied with more gold than is suffice ut for these i
purposes, and is absolutely begging us creditors I
to accept payment long in advance in order that
it may be relieved of a plethora of gold, which,
locked up, is not only idle, but, by deianging
values, detrimental to the commerce of the cotm-
rency, an inciease ofthe volume to 4,600.000.000
will buy no more property than the $400,000,000,
while U unset:les the values of many times that
amount of property by incieasing the price fifty
per cent. Let us have taxes, let us have loans;
something, at ail events, which will reduce the
amount ot legal tenders now outstanding, and in-
crease the value ofthe pay ot the soldier.
It ts to be hoped that the internal revenue bill
and some increase of the tariff will enable the Sec-
l! retary of the Trcasuiy to obtain from loans all
the lunds which may be required for future wants,
and also to retire some share of our ledundant
legal-tender issues.
There is otic topic, sometimes discussed in a
tone of discouragement, of .sufficient importance
to justify a word or two of comment for the sat-
isfaction of those who are not unwilling to accept
of truth come from where it may.
The large number of freedmen to whom the re-
bellion of their masters has opened a new world,
with new tasks and new duties, has been some-
times prophetically announced as hkeiy to add to
the burdens of our loyal people who patriotically
sustain the Government in the day which tries
the pocket—that modern seat of the soul—by pay-
ing cheerfully all taxes demanded, and then lav-
ishing untold thousands into all the blessed chan-
nels of charity; pouring oil and wine into the
wounds of the soldier in the field, and not for-
getting the widow and thefatherless left at home;
but 1 think the facts already developed show that
freed men are contributing and will contribute much
more to the national wealth than their friends
have hitherto claimed. Already they are largely
increasing the amount of their productions be-
yond the amount to which they seemed limited
while in a state of unpaid and forced labor. 1 am
looking at the subject merely in an economical
light, and not for the purpose of sustaining a
theory. These men have been true when others
have proved false: They fight for us, they work
for us,and evenif it were true that something was
required for their support for a time, they have
confided in ourgoodfaith,and our honorispledged
to give them shelter and protection. By the re-
ports already published it appears they not only
produce much that is subjected to national taxa-
tion, hut their wants keep pace with their wages,
and they are large consumers of the cheap fabrics
upon which we impose internal duties. By a re-
port on this subject—and 1 will only cite a single
instance—it appears that thirty-three freedmen,
leasing land on the Mississippi during the past
year, without any capital save their hands, and
ofcouise under many disadvantages, raised three
hundred and seventy-seven bales of cotton, one
hundred and one of which were sold for upward
of twenty-four thousand dollars, and if the re-
mainder should bring an equal price, as it is sup-
posed it will, it shows an average of nearly three
thousand dollars per man. I think we may dis-
miss, with such facts before us, all apprehensions
or croakmgs about being taxed for the support
of this class of people. Reckoning four hundred
pounds to the bale, the duty of two cents per
pound collected by the Government of these thirty-
three freedmen would amountto $2,816, or nearly
one hundred dollars for each man. If every man
among us could contribute as much, we should
have no heed to borrow or issue legal tender.
One other thing is also hinted by those whodo
not hesitate to impair the credit of the Govern-
ment by magnifying its obligations, and by be-
littling its means, and that is that a large amount
of unpaid debt is outstanding against the Govern-
ment. To some extent this is true, and always
must be so; but it is not true that it is greater
now than usual; and it is also true that there is
to-day in the hands of the disbursing agents, paid
out of the Treasury but not yet accounted for,
^30,000,000 to meet these very debts. There is
no cause for any stabs at the credit of the coun-
try m this direction.
The general purpose of the bill before us is
to largely mci ease the amount of revenue, and,
while doing this, to remove any doubt as to the
proper interpretation of any pat ts of the act where
any doubt has arisen, and to add such provisions
as will prevent any fraudulent evasions of the
law, and enable the Government to collect all the
duties and taxes imposed, thereby protecting the
honest and true men of the country, who are
ready and willing to bear their full share of the
public burdens. It lias been consideted an ob-
ject of some importance, also, to have all matters
concerning internal revenue embodied in one act,
m order that it might be placed in the hands of
those who are to administer it as a whole, where
it may be easily read and understood withoutthe
hinderances incident to a careful comparison of
variousamendatory acts. It will also be of much
convenience to all those who are made liable to
pay duties and taxes to find all that concerns them
in one act. All the main featuies of the law of
1802 are preserved, although there are many
slight amendments and, as the Committee of
Ways and Means believe, improvements calcu-
lated to facilitate its execution. The system has
worked smoothly and well. No equal amount of
tax was ever collected so cheaply. In England
