670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
and the amendments were concurred in. Thebill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. HARDING, the bill (S. No.
23) granting lands to the State of Oregon to aid
inthaconstmction ofa military road from Eugene
City to the southern or eastern boundary of said
Staiej was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It was drawn in the same form as the
preceding bill, the road to be from Eugene City,
by way of the Middle Pork of the Willamette
river and the most feasible pass in the Cascade
range of mountains near Diamond peak, to the
southern or eastern boundary of Oregon.
The first amendment of the Committee on Public
Lands was in line seven of section one to strikeout
the words " southern or," so as to read, " to the
eastern boundary of the State."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine of section
one to strike out " even " and insert " odd," so
as to read, " designated by odd numbers.5'
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line ten to line twenty-three of section one in these
words:
And incase it shall appear, when the line or route of
said road U definitely fixed, that the United States have
sold any section or any part thereof, granted as aforesaid, as
that the light of preemption or homestead settlement lias
attached to the same, then it shall be the duty of the Seere-
taiy of the Inteiior to set apart from the public land>of the
United States, as near to said even sections as may be, so
much land as shaii he equal to such lands ns the United
States have sold or otherwise appropriated, or to which the
right of homestead settlement or preemption hat! attached,
wlneh lauds, granted and selected as afoie&ald, shall beheld
hy the State.oi Oregon for the purpose aforesaid : Provided,
That lauds to he selected for awl on account thereof shall in
no ease be more than fifteen miles; Itoin said road.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Provided, That the lands hereby Riantod ehull be exclu-
sively applied in the consuuetion'ot said io.uI, and shall he
disposed of only sis, the woik pm it"s*u s; and Uu; same .shall
be applied to no other purpose whatever.
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wan to add the following
as an additional section:
Reg. be it fmthcr enacted, That the lands hereby
granted to said tftatet-hallbedNposedof onlyut the follow-
ing manner, that is to say: that a quantity of land not ex-
ceeding thirty wuoiw for said road may he xoM ; ami u lion
the Governor of said State *hull entity"to the Societal} of
the inteiior that any ten continuous niile< of said road me
completed, then miothct quantity ot land h< leby cianied,
not to exceed thiitysuctions, may be sold; and --ofioni tune
to time until--aid load us completed; audi! s.itdmad i-= not
completed within liw ycui •, 110 ftutherMiles shnll he made,
nnd the land remaining infold Khali revert to the United
Btates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time and passed. The title
was amended by striking out the words " south-
ern or" before " eastern."
"WILLIAM POUTER, AND WtfJJAM MJKKINS.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 3!).
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S,
No. 39) for tlie relief of William Porleratid Wil-
liam Lurkins was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. The original bill introduced by Mr.
Howe recited that the steam-tug 11. F. Davidson
was built in 18G0 and the W. i\. Mtur in 386s},
within the United States, on necoont <>f flenry
C Green leaf, a citizen of the United States, and
of William Lurkins, an alien, who has resided
within the United States since J845, Having arrived
a minor between sixteen and seventeen years,
find declared ins intentions to become a citizen
on tlie 4th April, 185'), and who, bi'lii'vins limi-
ne If to hn a citizen of the United Suites, made the
oath ofcitizi ii.ship and ownership required to pro-
cure the enrollment and license of the tu£s at the
port of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, on account of
which the have been seized by the collector
of customs of that port; thnt Lmkins did, on the
15th August, 1863, obtain his second papers, and
is now a lawfully naturalized cilizen of the Uni-
ted States, and has applied to the Secretaiyof
the Treasury to issue enrolhnems and licenses
for these tugs to Luikins and William I'oitei, a
citizen of the United Suites, who is now the
owner of the interest of Greonlcaf, which appli-
cation wus denied for want of authority, with a
recommendation to apply to Congress for relief;
and that the services of these tugs are indispens-
able to the marine of the port of Milwaukee; and
it therefore proposed to authorize the collector of
any port in the .United States, on the application
of the owner or owners of these tugs, being citi-
zens of the United States, to enroll and license
them in the same manner and upon the same
terms as if Lurkins had been a citizen of the Uni-
ted States when the tugs were built; and to re-
lease the tugs and Lurkins from all penalties and
forfeitures incurred hy his taking the oaths and
causing the tugs to be enrolled and licensed and
run in the coasting trade.
The Committee on Commerce reported an
f:*icndmeiitto strike out the entire bill, including
le preamble, and to insert:
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United SLutes of JJmeiica in Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of the Tieasury be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to grant tlie enrollment and license of the '■team-tugs B.
l'\ Davidson and W.K.Muir, now owned by William Poiter
and William Linking ot Milwaukee, m the State of Wis-
consin, upon such term';, not inconsistent with Jaw, as to
him shall seem just and pioper.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed. Its title was
amended to read: A bill to authorize the enroll-
ment and license of the steam-tugs B. F. David-
son and W. K. Muir.
ALMOND I>. FISK.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, Senate bill No.
112, for the relief of the heirs of Almond D. Fisk,
was taken up anil recommitted to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Cilice.
Mr. HOWE subsequently said: I move to re-
consider the motion which was submitted just
now by the Senator from Rhode Island. I was
not awaie what the bill was that the Senator asked
to have recommitted, and he was under a misap-
prehension in supposing that I agreed to the re-
commitment of it. i do not wish it to be recom-
mitted at present, because I am not sufficiently
acquainted with the matter to be able to consent to
that motion now. I have no objection to the mo-
tion to recommit being1 entered, if that is deemed
desirable, but I wish the vote recommitting the
bill to be reconsideied, and I understand the Sen-
ator has no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to re-
consider is a privileged motion, and can be made;
hut that does not necessarily carry along with it
the consideration of the motion at the present
time.
Mr. HOWE. I understand that the Senator
from It bode Island consents to the reconsideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, then, the vole will be regarded as recon-
sidered , and that brings the bill be fore the Senate.
Mi. ANTHONY. I desire to state that i made
the motion to lee.ommit Senate hill No. 11:2 sup-
posin/r that the motion had the assent of the Sen-
ator t'l om W iseousin, ot her wise [ should not have
made it; but I do not wish that bill to bo consid-
ered by the Senate until it has been leoommitted.
When the bill was brought up befoie I stated that
I thought there was an adverse interest on the
part of one of my constituents, but the Senate
was told that the adverse interest was satisfied to
have the bill passed here and contest itin the other
House. That was an entire mistake, besides be-
ing, as the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Tuumduli-]
reuuuked, an exceedingly loose way of transact-
ing business.
Thet e is an adverse interest, and it can be heard
much better before the committee cettainly than
it can be here in the body. Of the merits of it I
know nothing whatever. I merely want the pat-
ties to have a fair heanug; and i wish it to be un-
derstood that 1 do not desne to have the bill taken
ii]i before it shall be again considered by the com-
mittee; and although 1 now withdraw the motion
at the request of the Senator from Wisconsin be-
cause 1 made it supposing that he agreed to it, I
shall renew it again.
Mr. HOWE. I have no objection to that, but
I wish simply to correct the Senator from Rhode
Ishuid as to what was stated when this bill was
befoie the Senate a tew days ago. If he under-
stood that I stated that the adverse inteiestwas
content to let the bill be passed by the Senate, he
was mistaken. I recommended that the bill be
passed by the Senate and let the contest be made
in the other House.
Mr. ANTHONY. That might have been, but
I understood it as 1 have stated. Let the bill go
over for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be pursued.
STATUTES OF LIMITATION.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to postpone aU prior
orders and take up for consideration the bill (S.
No. 42) repealing certain statutes of limitation.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
consideied as in Committee of the Whole. As
originally introduced by Mr. Wilson, it proposed
to repeal all statutes and laws limiting the time
within which proceedings in criminal or civil
courts or courts-martial may be had, so far as
they relate to acts done, or crimes or misdemean-
ors committed, since January 1,1860; and to re-
peal all provisions of any statute or laws which
limit the time for any proceedings relating to aban-
donment, confiscation, or forfeiture of real orper-
sonal estate.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed to
amend the bill by striking outall after the enact-
ing clause, and inserting:
That whenever, during the existence of the present re-
bellion, any action, civil or cnminal, shall accrue against
any person who, by reason of resistance to the execution
of the laws of the United States, or the interruption of the
ordinary course of judicial proceedings, cannot be served
with pi ocess tor tlie commencement of such action or the
an est of such peison, or whenevei, aftersueh action,civil
or criminal, shall have accrued, such person cannot, by
reason of such resistance of the laws, or such interiuption
of judicial proceedings, be ariested or served with pioeesa
for the commencement of the action, the tunc during which
such person shall mi be beyond the reach ot legal piocess
shall not be deemed or taken as any part of the time limited
by law lbr the commencement ot such action.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended to read: A bill in relation
to the limitation of actions in certain cases.
COURTS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 55. It relates to the time of holding
courts m Wisconsin, and has one or two other
provisions in it that if passed at all should be
called to the attention of the Senate at once.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
55) in lelation to the circuit court in and for the
district of Wisconsin was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the Committee on the
Judicial y leport a substitute for the original bill,
I think it will be necessary only to read the sub-
stitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the reading of the original bill will be dis-
pensed with, and the amendment only will be
read. The Chair heais no objection to this course.
The Secretary read the amendmentof the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, which was to strike out
all after the enacting clause of the original bill and
insert the following:
Tli.it the act, entitled "An acttocnable the distiictcourts
of the United States to j.-sue execution and orhei final pro-
cet-..m eeitain ca-e-V' appiuved March 3, lb63, be, and the
same is liei< bv, icpealed.
2. .hut hmt fait her enrtcicr^That in all eases where-
in the di-tuet courts of the United States within and for
the M'veial disfucN oi Teva-, Flonda, Wisconsin, Minne-
sota, Iowa, ciiul Kaiifas had mulcted judgments or de-
cree- [i.ioi to the parage of an art appiov- d.fuly 15,1863,
eieating encutt e,,in ts lor ^aid di-t'ict-. which ea-.e- might
have been brought, and eouhi have been originally cogniza-
ble m u <.iicmt oouir, tlie oi.trmal paper-, and all other pa-
])•':-> now e.n file in the di-tuct coint-, afoie-aid t,hall he
tiaiKoued mlo the clerk's ofuoc ot the eiieuit eouit for
ihe di-tucl in whieh -a:d can-e- weie beaid and determ-
ined And it shall he the dut} of the district eouit clctkn
ot ^-aid de-u iet<, re-pectively, to have >aul papers so re-
moved. And it -hull also he the dutyof «=aid di^tiict court
cleikh to tian^fei to the offices of the chouit eouit eleiks
afoie-aid the books of iccotds ami journal- of the distuct
courts aloie-aid, m which are auv entries, oiders, or pro-
ceedings aftW'ting, oi in an> manner relating to ca^es. winch
wen; ol circuit eouit oncnizance, oi whieh might have been
pre-enled in a encuit corns, att< i having fir.-t copied mtoa
book, lor that pmpo.-e piovid'-d,all entries, oulei--, or other
pioceeduigvS which may In; found in fc«ud hook^, journals,
or iceoul.- iclatinar in any maiinci to cases which were not
ot cneuit eouit cuL'mzatiee, and whieh could not have been
pio_eeuted m a encuit court
