APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 23,
38tsi Coxa.... 1 st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Howard.
Senate.
iation, if it can be done at all; and hence, being devoted
tfuly to the Union, she desires to stay this war, ami desires
iiifM'Ures? of peace to be presented for the adjustment of our
difficulties." * * * * " 1 think her position
is one that should be admired and esteemed by all patriotic
men, l y all Christian men, by,all men who love their
cogntiy and love the Union."
That is, we are to disarm our troops of the
United States, call home the navy now blockad-
ing the rebel ports, send home our armies, send
a supplicating message to the infamous traitor
chiefs-who have been butchering our sons and
brothers for three long years, and humbly ask
, them to sit down with us in some quiet nook and
enter upon the discussion of conciliatory meas-
uies with a view to restoie the Union and the au-
thority of the Constitution I Sir, if that Senator
still entertains this chimera, if he indulges in a
dream so childish—I speak of course without any
intentioriof personal disrespect—I venture to call
his attention to a passage which 1 will read by
way of correcting his opinions and dispersing the
visionsof conciliation which appeurto be floating
before his eyes. I read, sir, from an address
signed by the members of the rebel congress in
session at Richmond, and of a very recent date.
They ask for no conciliation; for no interview;
they ask for no mercy. They ha\e a contempt
for every friendly and amicable proposition which
we could make to them having in view the resto-
ration of the Union. They use this emphatic lan-
guage:
uTo picventsuch effects our people are now pioseeuting
this struggle. It is no meie wai 01 calculation, no content
for peculiar Icmd of propeity, no hartei of precious blood
for filthy lucre. Everything involved in manhood, civiliza-
tion, religion, law, properly, country, home, n, nt stake.
VVe IU$ht noi lor plunder, spoils, pillage, tenitou.it eon-
quest. The government tempts by no pnzes of ' beauty
or booty' io be diuwn in the lotteiy of this war. VVe seek
to preserve civil lieedom, honor, equality, liiesidi's; and
bloodi< well shed when 'shed for ouri.unify, lot our filends,
for our kind, for oui country, fot ourGod 5 Bui ke said. 'A
Htaie resolved to hazaid its existence inthci than ab.union
its object uiii-1 b.ive an infinite .'iilv int.iy nwr thai u 1m h
{?< revived io \ teld rather than cany in u'si-nmoe beyond
a eeiiani pomi.' It is better to be cotiqu-'ied bv anyotliei
naiion than by ihe United States. It is better to he a. de-
pembnev < l any other Power than of that 15y tho condi-
tion of ii< existence and essential Constitution ih now gov-
erned ii niii-t be in perpetual hostility to us. As the fc<painsh
iuvad< r burnt his> s-lups to make i< tieat imposMble, so we
eaniml aM'oni to lake .steps baekwaid. Hetieat i> nune
dani*erou< than advance. Behind us are inferiority and
degradation. llcfoieus is everytlungoutieing to a paniot.v
Sir, the tone and style of that address evince no
conciliation, no willingness on any terms to re-
store the old Union; and upon that subject I have
never changed my opinion. We shall never re-
store tht) authority of the Government, never
realtor the Union of those States, until we have
done if by tho absolute subjugation of every rebel-
lious district which now lies within (he bounda-
ries of the confederate Slates. It is a work of
war, of violence, of earnest war, ofearnest,thoi-
Ough, and manly violence. That is the only in-
strument by which we can persuade "our south-
cm breilnen1' to come back into the Union.
Again, sir, the .Senator from Kentucky said in
his speech in reply to the resolution for lus expul-
sion:
li I have been opposed to the war. am] for that offense
my colleague wishes me expelled fiom the Senate; for that
Is the ch.uge, that f have been opposed to eorieion. fn
eveiy net oi m,\ life, in this whole connection, I have op-
posed the wai, and striven in Kentucky, in mas.-, meetings
and othei wi*e, to keep the peace, to keep the hostile m-
inics of the eouh derate .States and of the United Status, iron)
out boidcis."
He had been striving to keep not only the
troops of the confederate States but those of (he
United States from the bordeisof Kentucky. No
matter, accoiding to him, what may have been
the designs of the rebels upon Kentucky, no mat-
ter though they may have invaded the State with
an armed foice, his diligence and his patriotism
were employed and were satisfied with an efloit,
in whatever form he saw fit to make it—and I do
not know in how ninny forms he may have .sought
to do xo—to prevent the troops of Ike United States
from marching upon the soil of Kentucky. 1 shall
huvea woid to t-av as i pioceed on the subjeetof
the neutiolity of Kentucky. I think itone'ofthe
great sources of ail our woe, one of the most lam-
entable steps ever taken by public men, a plan
utfeily unconstitutional and utterly unpatriotic..
Thus for u moment, AJr. President, I leave tin-
Senator from Kentucky and his avow-d princi-
ples. That ho is not favorable to the prosecution
of this war is established not only by the testi-
mony of his colleague, but by his own voluntary
admissions. That lie has never voted a dollar of
money to prosecute the war, never voted fco raise
a soldier for this purpose, I presume is true, be-
cause both those acts would have been in direct
conflict with his avowed principles. I therefore
take it for granted that, although occupying his
seat in this Senate, and although he has taken the
oath which we have all taken to suppoit the Con-
stitution, he has for some reason, so far as this
war is concerned, at least refused to obey that
portion of the injunction of his oath that requires
ium to support the Constitution, and consequently
the authority of the Government.
Sir, the war has been the principal subject upon
the tapis in Congress from its commencement. It
has been the theme of every tongue here and else-
where in the United States. The patriot has been
shedding his tears over the fate of son or brother
engaged in piosecuting it. The mother has dis-
missed with her last blessing the only son of her
love, and sent him to act the part of a hero in de-
feuding his Government against the rebellion.
The whole loyal community have poured out
their treasure like water in a vast effort to uphold
the Government. And still, sii, the Senator from
Kentucky has suffc red to escape fiom his lips no
woid of sympathy for the cause, no vote for the
prosecution of thenar; but, on the other hand, so
far as seems io have been practicable for him, he
has on every occasion opposed all measures which
have been suggested here forthaLend. Why has
he taken such a course? Why has he cherished
such principles ? What has been, what is now
his object? Let me cite briefly a historical inci-
dent which may possibly stand as an admonition
for that Senator and those who sympathize with
him in conduct and opinion. ^
After Napoleon had left the island of Elba and
r< covered ihe imperial thiono of France from the
Bourbons by one of (he most renini kable military
enterprises recoided in history, there was a cer-
tain siatesman, long familiar with the Emptor,
long his fast friend, or professedly so, but who
towaul the close of 1814 had fallen somewhat
into disfavor, but who on the restoration of the
Emperor was among the fust to humble himself
before him, to accept him as the sovereign of
Krnnce. Theie was no man whose woida were
sweeter or more flattering to the ear of the Em-
peror than those of this statesman. As a com-
pensation for his affected friendship and devotion
the Emperor elevated him to the high position of
minister of police, and the Duke of Otranto held
the sea is of that important department of the Gov-
ernment dining the 44 hundred days." About
the 1st of iV1ay an agent of Ptinec Mettemich
pioceeded fiom Vienna to Palis with a letter
written by some Vienna banker to a brother
hanker m Paris, on pme banking business, of
course, havingnpparently no connection whatever
with political affairs. Rut the agent becoming
suspected was taken into custody, brought before
another minister of the Emperor, and there put
to a very severe interrogatory, in the couise of
which he was obliged to admit that he had re-
ceived tins letter from the pi inee himself,although
upon banking business, and to admit, further,
that there weie interlined in this banker's lettei a
s-lies of instructions from Prince Metternich to
the Duke of Otranto, written in sympathetic ink,
to be developed only by the application of some
chemical piepuialton.
This letter was communicated to the Emperor,
who immediately called his private confidential
secret.uy, Caron Flenry de Chaboulon, and in-
stnicted him to assume the character of an emis-
sai y of Fondle aim to repair to Basle, in Sv, ltz-
eiland, at whit h point a ceuain Mr. Wernei was
to be sent by Prince Metternich, for the puipose
of hold i ng an interview. The secretary met Wot -
ner and they had a conversation, in the cout se of
which Wet ner, Prince Metternich's agent, made
the following suggestion: he said, with gieal
suavity, to the s>ecu*tary, (I translate from Lcs
Cents Jours, by M. le Baron Fleury de Chaboulon,
as the work has not been punted m English,)
" that the Pi inco was persuaded that the Duke of
Oil an to had accepn d t lie m mi&li y of police only
to ho ,i!>ie to avi ri f|.>ra Fiance the nmfoi'uneof
a cp- li and a Joieijjn wa<, and that n was to Mon-
sieur Fouche that the allied Powers committed
the care and the honor of saving France from a
new war,"
That was the individual who took service un-
der the restored Government, who. remained in
that Government until after the disastrous cam-
paign of Waterloo. It was Fouche. The world
has already fixed upon him an infamy as indeli-
ble as the mark on the brow of Cain, black as
Erebus. Whether the cause in which ho took
service was good or bad, or the Government in
which he remained was just or unjust, there is no
man whose heart is so base, no man can ever live
hereafter whose sentiments are so degraded, as
not to despise the treachery of Fouche. Let me re-
fer the Senator from Kentucky to this histoueal
incident, if not as an illustration, at least as an
admonition.
Mr. President, we are told by the Senator from
Kentucky that the Government of the United
States have no power to restrain persons who are
rebels, or who are suspected to be rebels, from
voting in the States. I do not agree with the Sen-
ator as to the power of the Government to prevent
disloyal men voting at a State poll. In the pres-
ent state of things every man who is not for us
is against us. Every man, as I said before, who
is not friendly to the Government of the United
States in his heart is opposed to it. Every man
who is not willing to use reasonable and ordinary
means, military means,for defendingand uphold-
ing it. at such a moment as this, is an enemy of
the United States, and deserves to be treated as
an enemy.
I cannot better express my views on this sub-
ject, however, than they are already expressed in
the leportof the-committee on the present bill,
and I will therefore take the liberty of reading a
portion of that report. I adopt it and incorporate
it into my speech because 1 concur in every senti-
ment it utters.
Mr. JOHNSON". What page of the report?
Mr. HOWARD. I read from page 3 of the
report of the committee;
" It is vain to deny that in the present struggle the Gov-
ern ment of the United States is justly, and upon principles
of public law, entitled io exorcise tow.ird their domestic
enemies evety helligeient right and power, eveiy vvailike
appliance leeognized in the code ol war; and that it Knot
onl} tin; right but the duty of their officers and agent?, m
wijjin!? tins conte-t, to cmtcim! (ho uuno.-'t vigilnueo in do-
tectiny. ii^tiaimnc,and puni-hnuj the common encinyand
ait who abet, Mi-tain, ot cneotua^e him. Todenvto itthn
ri^ht i> to lay it pio-t.utc and helpless at the teet of its
deadly Iocs.
'• Were the war a foieifrn war, waned with any inde-
pendent nation,theie could be no depute a-> to the light of
Ihe Government to ( xpcl from the couutt y e \  ty "-ubji et of
a foreign Power and eveiy pei-on jiiMly -ai-pected of  iv-
uig it aid and eomfoit, oi to hold -ueh pai tie.-, in confine-
ment till the war.sliould lernnnate. Thj> right is in tho
prunaiy elas« el hclli-reient right--, pertaining to every in-
dependent nation ; and no yteater absurd! ty can be pioposed
tlian to v;ty that although ihe Fcdciai Government i* vested
with alt the powci-  known to tho la\v> and u^n^et. of wai,
aiui may, unre^tiained by any constitutional piohihition,
u-e them against the -ubject^ ot a fotcign Government at
wai with the United States, yet, as to a if oiganized, wide-
f-pie.id in-MUiection ot'whole political communities within
their own limits, aenntf undei a de facto though a usiuped
government, it H ^tupped and denuded ot this impoitant
means) of annoj anee and defence. It is pi unly in itt> cs-
yenee n military power, a belhgeintf light; a*, plainly ~-uch
as the tight of capture by sea, which has leecniiyieceivcd
the solemn >ancnon ot ihe Supicme L'omt in a judgment
eminent foi tho power and cioariu --s o( its analysis, tho
piolounduess ot its learning, and the unansvveiable char-
aetei of its logic.
'• It doe< notby any meansfollow thaUjeeaube the insur-
gents aic liidivnlu.illv subject in law to (he authoiity oltho
Umted States they aie not to be ueatcd as enemies,. To
> icld to them the lights- of cifzen-s, and the protection that
in pcAee would be duo to them a& bueh, and nt tho samo
tune to tieat them and the communities to which they be-
long a- cnenm> at war Willi the United States, involves a
| ii 1111111 g contin diction. 11 they aie in the sense ot the law
1 ol u <u and of nation** cncmirs, n<  they ate leg'uded both by
1 the h-nsiation of Congiess, the executive and the judicial
depaitmcnts of the Goveiument, the eoirectnes5' ot whose
: deoi-jou as to their nuo Uolus eaunot and ought not to be
j questioned, then they ate lawfuilj -ubject, whelhei asin-
j (hviduaK <>i com muni tie-, t<; the a [(pin. at ion of all the i tiles
■ and means ol u .11 iai e know n to civ th/od u.it tons ; and this,
| 111 addition to the fuithei and undoubted i igiit of tho Gov-
eininentto [mn'shtheni lot theciimeoi tie.isou fhe\ cem-
in 1 l against n. \V c. ungnt appeal in .snppott of this punet-
. pie to the I'm) t enniH nt teaeiif.^ol public law, but it is so
Weil lecogn zed that the ta k would be useless.
'• I;. liien, they ate enenw-, as well a<  the
■ i.g!1;-. oi w.u give to om commandei * in :he ii !.i Ui<> u-e
j of a'! (ho means ne'er-^at v to make tie1 w.\t on oui pait
! sueee-ful .i '<i etiec'uai. and consequently justly them to
. 1 e-011 to any ami ad mea-ane-; c.d< alafed to defeat and
! ibwait thou soheniea again >t our ateiy, wholhej thore
