1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this bill often, i am a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means. I do not attempt to vindi-
cate its action from the criticism of the very
learned gentleman who uses such epithets, with-
out telling us in what respect the bill is crude or
defective.
I understood the gentleman from New York to
sKy that we had not provided for goods in bonded
warehouses. I may have misunderstood him.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I said that this bill
did not protect goods now in the bonded ware-
houses imported since the passage of the joint res-
olution. I know that they are under the existing
tariff.
Mr. STEVENS. That shows that so" crude"
was this bill, according to the gentleman's idea,
that he sickened and nauseated at it before hegot
through reading it, and that he did not read the
nineteenth section.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I did read the
nineteenth section; I read it two or three times,
and tried very hard to understand it in connec-
tion with previous sections of the bill; and, sir, 1
reached the conclusion that even the ingenuity of
the gentleman himself, or of the Secretary of the
Treasury, could not construe that section so as
to protect goods imported since the passage of
that joint resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. The resolution provides that
all goods, wares, and merchandise which may be
in public stores on the day aforesaid, (that is to
say, on the 1st July,) shall be subject to no other
duties than the entry thereof. The gentleman
knows that is a technical term.
I did not say the gentleman could not under-
stand that; I only said that plain provision was
there, and there it is. i have read it, and every
othGr member of the House does understand it, I
presume.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. This is an ex-
ceedingly important reference, and I shall be very
happy indeed to find that I have been mistuk n.
But, as I understand the nineteenth section of the
bill, it protects the goods imported after "that
day." I understand "that day" to be the day
referred to in the previous section, which desig-
nates the time at which this law is to be opera-
tive, 1st day of July, 1864.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, certainly.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Well.if imported
after that day they cannot be contracted, although
already imported and in bonded warehouses.
Mr. STEVENS. Any goods in bonded ware-
houses on the 1st day of July, when they are en-
tered for consumption, will pay the same duty as
if they were imported the day after. I did not
like that provision myself, but it was the decision
of the committee.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Will the gentle-
man from Pennsylvaniaexcuse me one moment?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I
hope that the construction of the gentleman's col-
leagues and of the Treasury Department will con-
cur with the construction he now gives it. The
honorable chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means construed his joint resolution some
time since to protect goods in bond; but the Sec-
retary of the Treasury did not so construe it, and
the two distinguished gentlemen differed as to the
construction of the law which the gentleman him-
self framed. I hope there will be no difference m
this case.
Mr.STEVENS. I can no more make the Sec-
retary of the Treasury know.and understand it
right than I can make the gentleman from New
York. But we at once told the Secretary of the
Treasury what it did mean, and it was just as
plain us this.
Now, I said before that with respect to manufac-
tures from which two thirds and I think three
fourths of the whole revenue is to be derived, the
question is whether they are to be protected and
whether you are to enable them to manufacture
so largely as to produce this amount of taxation.
If you break them up you lose that whole large
amount which we arc desirous to raise. And how
are you to enable them to go on and do their busi-
ness unless you favor them in two ways ? Those
things that cannot be produced in this country,
and the introduction of which free of duty does
not affect domestic industry, and which enter as
essential parts into the manufacturing establish-
ments of the nation—such asdye-utulla and chem-
icals—must be admitted free of duty. How else
can you possibly enable manufacturers to com-
pete with European labor? The bill was framed
in that view. And for a statesman to tell me that
these are the articles to raise a few hundred thou-
sands of revenue on, and to exclude $150,000,000
of revenue by the very fact, looks to me as being
as crude as the bill of the Committee of Ways
and Means. [Laughter,]
Now, sir, that is one of the reasons why these
things are left free. But as we have raised the
tax almost one half on this important and pro-
ductive industry of the country, it becomes us
to take care that the place of these manufactures
shall not be taken and filled by foreign fabrics.
It becomes us to take care that while we are ask-
ing manufacturers to pay §150,000,000 a year on
the net proceeds of their labor w-e shall not let
the pauper labor of Germany, France,and Eng-
land supply our market with goods, and fill up
all the places that ought to be left open to our
own manufactures, and on which foreign goods
we could not raise more than ^80,000,000. That
was the distinct object we had in framing this bill.
I know how easy it is for newspaper editors,
who have never attempted to frame a bill, who
have never worked day and night for a session,
to get up a tax bill and a revenue bill. I know
how easy it is for such sciolists as thegentleman
from New York to tell us that after six months
nothing has been produced butacrudctax bill
and a crude revenue bill. But let them produce
something themselves. When they are attempt-
ing to destroy these things let them show their
ingenuity and their ript: scholarship in these mat-
ters, which will do credit to the country, and
which I will not call crude, whatever it may be.
Are we here for no other purpose but to growl
and grumble, and find fault with those who are
attempting, according to the best of their humble
abilities, to do those things which would support
the country, at the least burden to the interests
that are least able to bear it?
Sir, I do not find fault; the committee do not
find fault; the distinguished gentleman who has
charge of this bill does not find fault. He has a
name for skill, industry, and talents which will
go down to posterity with this very legislation
when all the rest of us are unknown ten days after
our death. Therefore neither he nor we nave in
any case found fault with the criticisms that are
passed upon us. But there is one thing I do com-
plain of: I do complain that in this day of our trou-
ble, that in this day when.the effort of every man
who loves his country is required to putdown the
rebellion, men should attempt to make political
capital by arraying section against section, by
complaining of one particular portion of the coun-
try and attempting to raise hostility in another
portion toward it, when every portion ought to
be united and act together as a single man. He
who in this time will pursue such a course of ai-
gument for the mere purpose of party can never
hope to be ranked among statesmen; nay, sir,he
will not even rise to the dignity of a respectable
demagogue. I move that the committee rise.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ODELL. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
the motion for the purpose of enabling me to ask
a single question.
Mr. STEVENS. I will withdraw it.
Mr. ODELL. The nineteenth section of this
bill, to which refeience has been made by my
colleague and the distinguished gentleman him-
self, does not use the words " bonded warehouse."
It simply says "public store." My attention
has been called to it from the fact that a number
of importers have written to me to know whether
it was the intention of this bill to make that ex-
pression cover bonded warehouses.
Mr. STEVENS. Several of the authorities
hold them to be the same. When the Govern-
ment declares them to be in publicstorehouse,all
in bonded warehouses are covered by the expres-
sion. However, to avoid any difficulty on the
part of the distinguished gentleman from New
York and the distinguished Secretary of the
Treasury, I propose at the proper time to move
to amend, by putting in the words " bonded ware-
houses."
Mr. ODELL. The gentleman will have no
difficulty with the gentleman from New York, hut
in the city of New Yoik, among ihr merchants
there, the teim " public oiuic"1 1.5 an expresoion
of particular significance, always meaning among
the merchants there simply the appraiser's stores.
Hence the inquiry was suggested by the mer-
chants as to the meaning of the term in,this, sec-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. The definition-known to thq
authorities of public store" is any place where
goods are in public warehouses.
Mr. ODELL, The explanation is perfectly
satisfactory to me.
Mr. STEVENS. I renew th,e motion that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Scbekck reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the House (No. 494) to increase the duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
E. V. AND S. A. WOOD.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in or-
der to be the joint resolution (H. R. No. 85)
repealing the act entitled "An act for the relief of
E. F. and Samuel A. Wood,"assigned as a spe-
cial order for to-day at the morning hour.
The joinfresolutioo was read. It repeals the
act passed during the present session authorizing
the issue of duplicate bonds of the Oregon war
debt claimed to have been lost.
Mr. HALE. I am informed by thegentleman
who had this bill in charge that the bonds issued
to these particular parties have not been found.
Other bonds have been found, but these particu-
lar ones have not been. I therefore hope this bill
will not pass.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania desire to have it postponed?
Mr. HALE. I do.
Mr. STEVENS. The bonds provided for in
the act which this joint resolution is to repeal
were lost in the steamer Golden Gate. Some of
these bonds have been recovered, and have been
presented at the Department. The mail of that
steamer was, I believe, all recovered. If my col-
league, however, desires to have the resolution
postponed, and will name the day, I will not ob-
ject.
Mr HALE. I will suggest this day week.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was postponed for one week, and continued as a
special order after the morning hour.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKERS TABLE.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know whether there
is anything requiring immediate action on the
Speaker's table, but I suppose we might as well
dispose of what there is. I move to go to the
business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to; and the bills on the
Speaker's table were accordingly taken up in their
order, and disposed of as indicated.
FRIENDLESS WOMEN AND CHILDREN.
House bill No. 383, to incorporate a home f<?r
friendless women and children, with amendments
of the Senate thereto, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
IUIODA WOLCOTT.
The next bill on the Speaker's table was House-
bill No. 290, for the relief of Rhoda Wolcou,
widow of Henry Wolcott, returned from the Sen-
ate with the following amendment:
Strike out the following:
That the Secretiny of the Interior be, and is hereby, di-
rected to iv?tie to Rhoda Wolcou, widow of Henry Wolcott,
decerned, who was a private in the company of "New
York United Slates detached mdttia;,of the regiment com-
manded by Colonel Thomas li. Benedict, a certificate ot
pennon, which shall grant to the said Rhoda Wolcott a
pension of four dollar pei month, commencing on the 21th
day of December, 181*2, the tune of the decease of &aid
Henry Wolcou., and to continue during the natuial lite of
the said Rhoda Wolcou: Provided, however. That in
event of the rmunage or death of the said Rhoda Wolcott
the said pension -shall cease: Jllso provided, That all
pledges or mortgages ot the said pension shall be void, and
that t ho said pent-ion shall inure ooieiy to the use and ben-
efit of the said Rhoda Wolcou.
And in Hen thereof im-ert as follows:
That the fSeetetaiy of the Interior be, and lie is hereby,
authorized ami directed to place tiie name of Rhoda Wol-
cott, widow of iJcarv Wolcott, who was a private in a
company of Xevv Yo'ik United States detached miittia of
Hit jeytmuil <. ommuuded by Colonel Thomas U, Benedict,
