1718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April .19,
a motive-power by railroads, steamboats, and
manufactories, and so much by gas companies-—
tin- receipts or products of all these being subject
loduty—and so much isconsumed as fuel by our
people, that any tax at all would appear to be of
doubtful expediency,especially when we remem-
ber that under the reciprocity treaty the coal of
the British provinces comes in ftee of all duties.
A small advance, however, is proposed, from
three and a half to five cents per ton; and as the
duty two years ago was alleged to be the reason
for adding at least six times its amount to the price,
there will be no further occasion or chance for a
further advance on the cost of the article.
The amount of revenue to be derived from iron
will be very largely increased, four times greater
at least than the former lates. The workers in
iron must bear it in mind that even now the rates
are not greater, if so great, than those imposed
upon all other branches of manufactures, and that
tin y b<\ve enjoyed foi two yeats, m consequence
of the great i ise in values of their products, while
the specific duty remained stationary, an immu-
nity not intended, and which they would not for
a moment ask for. While the present high prices
rul«', and rule they must while the Government
is so large a consumer, and with proper addi-
tions to the tariff, there is no reason to suppose
that the iron inteiest of the country cannot sus-
tain Us equal share of taxation with all other
branches of industry, but should prices at any
time recede, as they will at the close of the war,
Congress must be relied upon to do justice in the
premises.
A new feature in the bill will be seen in the duty
proposed to b<* levied on the product of gold and
siUer. A license is required, not from the man
who toils with his own hands, but of those who
have the requisite capital, skill, and machinety
to employ others in the business, and this will
embtace more than time fourths of all the busi-
ness. A duty of only three |>er cent.—not five,
as in the case of other products:—is proposed on
the product, and that to be pjid hi kind, for the
reason that any other mode of payment would he
inconvenient to those engaged m the business,
and because the duty thus paid will be moie con-
venient to the Government as <m additional le-
souice from which to draw the means for paying
interest in coin on the public debt.
The estimated present annual product of gold
and silver is as follows:
Calilbnti.i     $50,000,000
Oioiatlo  2I)',UOO,UOO
fd.ilio. (Montana)  25,000,000
Oregon, Washington, New Mexico, and Ari-
zona  20,000,000
Nevada, (silver)    30,000,000
000,000
Tiiis may be too much; but those who live in
those if gions would be unwilling to accept of lower
figures. Enterprising and adventurous men are
attracted to those places in the quest of fortunes
and independence. Is it not just that they should
contribute something, as well as those who toil
on the prairies, or who ply the trip-hammer, the
jack-plane, or the weavei's beam, to (ho support
ot that Government which gives them protection,
from whose lands they take these precious metals,
and where they are all the time rue re 1 y prima facit
trespassers? No tax hitherto has been requited
by the Government, because the Treasury has
stood in no need of it; but now it is otherwise.
Hut it may be said that the duty cannot be col-
lected. 1 will not believe it. The application of
the system of collecting duties on manufactures
is very efficient. There is a manliness and a lib-
erality among miners that does not deserve this
reproach, i prefer to believe and say that they
would scorn to evade or shiik any proper bur-
den, and such as they see is borne by all other
citizens of the United States. They are neither
sneaks nor rebels
That a system might be provided, perhaps on
the model of the Mexican system, giving the
miners some sort of title to occupy their claims
or lands, and exacting a percentage on their prod-
ucts in teturn, 1 have no doubt; but such a sys-
tem would require much caie and circumspection,
perhaps a commission to examine the various lo-
calities, the delay of sut veys, and the making up
of records, for which we are, at this Congress, by
no means ready. At present it is believed theie
will bo less objection to the plan proposed, for the
purposes of obtaining present revenue, of treat -
, mg ibe precious metals as manufactures, than to
! any other which can be suggested that will, at the
| same time, prove capable of practical enforcement,
t All are aware that we have no accurate record of
the products of these widely-scattered mines, as
they are sent away by all the modes and chances
incident to so new and vast a field of operations.
We shall not, perhaps, obtain a duty upon the en-
tire amount produced, but three fourths of the
business is in the hands of men of capital and
character, using more or less costly machinery,
and employing large numbers of men, and from
these there can be no difficulty in obtaining cor-
rect returns or in making collections.
By our presentlaws we tax legacies of personal
property, but do not tax the transmission of real
estate. It is now proposed to tax the succession
to any estate, whether by deed, will, or laws of
desecnt, upon the death of any person, when the
successor shall be the lineal issue or hneal an-
cestor, one per cent., increasing the rate for the
different degrees of relationship until you reach
your " grandmother's sister," when it is five per
cent.; and when you come to a "stranger in
blood "it is to be six per cent This will yield a
large revenue; and those who wake to find them-
selves possessed of a succession of $100,000 are
rarely in a mood to object to a tax of one thou-
sand or five thousand dollars. Those who "sleep"
never complain.
U has also been deemed advisable to repeal the
section of the law which postponed the direct tax
for this year. The revenue, about $15,000,000,
is not undesirable; but it is more desirable that
we keep the law alive, as through it we obtain
power over the real estate of rebels. Gentlemen
will do well to ponder whether this lien is not
more effective and piactical than any other we can
create.
The old provision by which the States could
assume and pay the fax and thereby save fifteen
per cent, of the amount still remains.
Under the existing laws it has been supposed
that duties m some cases have been refunded upon
articles exported where no duties had been paid.
The jxreat bulk of our exports of manufactured
articles is made up of spirits, tobacco,and petro-
leum. The labor of collecting and then paying
bac-k again the duties upon the.se articles when
exported is no inconsiderable item. To avoid all
this we now propose that these articles, when in-
tended for exportation, shall go in bond at once
into a public warehouse, under the charge of the
proper officer, without payment of duties, and
when exported that the bonds shall be canceled.
This will simplify the business, secure the Gov-
ernmentagainst fraud, and be satisfactory to those
interested.
I have thus briefly but very imperfectly passed
over the most important changes proposed in the
bill without exhausting the subject so much as
you, Mr. Chairman, and thecommittee; but there
is not much more that cannot be explained in the
five minutes debate. That the bill is perfect will
not be expected, but it will be expected to leave
this House better than when it was introduced.
It is now believed to be in such shape that, if our
wants made it imperative, we might through the
same machinery latse even larger sums than is
now proposed. The only question will be, is this
enough ? I think it is.
The amount of the public debt, April 15,1864,
was as follows:
Pnncipnl. I^ncztfoi
1 one year.
Debt bearing interest in com .... ATS6.307,1G2 ,§43,714,433
Debt bearing interest in currency 1596,56^,068 2l.21b.G23
Debt bearing no interest   -17 j,"506,490
$1,658,579,021 $64,93;*,056
When we come to face our liabilities they are
by no means so formidable as when they are
painted by gentlemen whose imagination runs
ahead of their facts. Our public debt will on the
1st of July exceed the estimate of the Secretary
of the Treasury because we have made appropria-
tions for bounties tosoidieisof ovei $100,000,000,
and because we have called into the field two
hundred thousand more men—neither of these
having been estimated for last December. Other-
wise our actual expenses would have been less
than the estimates.
It will be seen that the interest wo are liable to
pay is on $1,182,873,530, and amounts, at the
rates we pay, to $64,933,506, and of this only
$43,714,433 is payable in com.
Beyond this the amount of currency and frac-
tional notes outstanding has been recently not
increased but considerably reduced.
The present internal revenue bill, although I
have not yet examined every item as thoroughly
as I expect to do, will, beyond question, yield
over $250,000,000 annually when fairly in opera-
tion, which, with the revenue derived from the
tariff, now going on at the rate of about $80,000,000,
will place in the Treasury between three and four
hundred million dollars. There has been some im-
patience manifested that this bill should not have
been introduced earlier. Those who know the ex-
tent of the unremitting labor ofallsorts of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are not those who have
been most impatient, and as for any others, less
informed, I do not propose to put the committee
in the attitude of offering an excuse, it should
be noted,however, that had a bill been presented
in the first sixty days of the session, neither this
House nor the country would have sustained a
bill raising so large a sum as is now proposed,
and we should have been compelled to bring in a
supplementary bill, and thus have done piece-
meal what we now do at oncc. Our ideas upon
the subject of taxation have expanded; but they
are not now more liberal or more earnest than
those which sway the heads and hearts of the
loyal millions behind us who have determined to
uphold this framework of free institutions, this
Government of the people, and this Union, to the
latest syllable of recorded time.
Mr.STEBBINS. Mr. Chairman, the preserva-
tion of the credit of the country demands the es-
tablishment of a system of taxation sufficiently
broad to meet its requirements during and after
the war. It is upon this point that tiie struggle
in which we are engaged must ultimately turn.
The Government is putting forth its power to
preserve the nation's life. The prosperity and
resources of the nation are the means which the
Government has aright and which it is its solemn
duty to use for the accomplishment of this gieat
work. It is equally the duty of Congress to point
out the ways and render available the means
which they know to exist within the limits of this
vast and wealthy Republic; ways far more numer-
ous than any nation in the woild's wide history
everexhibited; means moreextensive than are em-
braced within the limits of any country on the face
of the globe; fully equal, indeed, to those of united
Europe.
I desire to contribute something to the forma-
tion of a correct estimate of the abiliy of the na-
tion to furnish through the legitimate channels of
taxation ample means to provide for the civil ex-
penses of the Government and the interest on the
public debt already created and to be created,and
a moderate sum toward the support of the war.
I begin with requesting the attention of this
House to our condition at the outbreak of the re-
bellion in Apiil, 1861, as shown by official iec-
ords and drawn fiom practical knowledge of the
business of the country.
The railroad crisis of 1856-57, together with
the political agitations of 1858-59, agita tions which
seemed to foreshadow the approach of the con-
test through which we have since been passing,
had the effect to force the country into liquida-
tion to an extent that now seems almost provi-
dential. Men contracted their business m every
direction, and contracted u to that degree that
applications for the use of credit almost entirely
ceascd. Our merchants confined themselves in
their business to their cash capitals; commercial
paper seemed to disappear as if by magic; prin-
ciples of prudence and economy were introduced
into the management of railways, and the coun-
try, as if under the solemn mandate of a superior
will, prepared itself to enter upon an entirely new
field of action with a force and enet^y which
freedom from heavy obligations could alone in-
spire. We had enjoyed fora long couise of y*.ars
the most uninteriupted prospeiityin every do-
pa i tment of human industry. We had increased
in population with a rapidity unknown before in
the histoiy of nations. We had accumulated a
capital almost fabulous in extent, when measured
by the extraordinaiy results it had produced.
We had established and paid for a commercial
