90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 23,
38tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military Interference loith Elections—Mr. Howard.
SFATATn.
of the United States to employ military force to
put down an insurrection was derived from and is
solely dependent upon that clause of the Consti-
tution to which he refers. The clause declares
that the Government of the United States shall
protect each State against domestic violence when
called upon by the State. The very language it-
self shows that the violence against which the
State is to be protected is violence not against the
authority of the United States, but against the
authority of the State, and of the State only.
Domestic violence in a State is violence against
the authority of the State, and that violence may
be in perfect consistency with the loyalty of the
persons who commit it to the Government of the
United States.
It is merely local violence against the regular
government of the State, and does not embrace an
insurrection or rebellion against the Federal Gov-
ernment. And such is the meaning given to the
clause in the Federalist, if the Senator will sec fit
to consult it. It may be entirely consistent with
the authority of the United States, like the Dorr
rebellion, in Rhode Island, or the more ancient
insurrection of Shay, in Massachusetts. The
present war is a rebellion against the authority of
the United States, not that of any one particular
State, and is not therefore a case of mere domes-
tic violence as mentioned in the clause oh which
the Senator relies.
This, however, is the Senator's logic: the States
in rebellion are agitated by domestic violence; in
such cases the Government of the United States
cannot interpose, except upon the request of the
Legislature of the State when in session, or of
the Executive when the Legislature cannot be
convened; and because the Legislature and Exec-
utive ofVirginia,North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Arkansas—all the seceded States—have omit-
ted to apply to the Government of the United
States for aid to put down this violence, ergo, the
Government of the United States has no right to
march its troops into those States; ergo, the whole
war is unconstitutional, and we who are engaged
in prosecuting this war within the limits of these
seceded States are guilty of a perpetual violation
of our oaths and of the Constitution of our coun-
try Such is the Senator's logic.
The Senator seemed to forget that, aside from
this particular clause, there is given to Congress
in express terms power to suppress rebellion and
insurrection against the Federal Government it-
self. We are now acting under this broader and
general power. We are actingunder a power by
no means necessary to have been incorporated in
tln> Constitution—the power to suppress rebellion
and insurrection—because from the very nature
of Government itself, from the very necessity of
its being, the Federal Government, like every
other Government, must be held to have the right
of self-defense, the right to put down resistance
to its Authority, the right to enforce its own laws,
for that cannot be called a Government which
has no power to cany its own enactments into
execution. It is of the very essence of all Gov-
ernments to command, and if a Government may
command, if is the duty of those who are com-
manded to obry; so that even without the clause
expressly giving to Congress the power to put
down an insurrection they would have plenary
powi-t so to do.
But the framurs of the instrument saw fit to
gsant the power in express terms, as if in antici-
pation of this "Suite rights" objection.
In order to make out his point, the Senator re-
fenvd us to a passage in Story's Commentaries
on the Constitution, which, by the way, does not
p> ovo his point at all, and has no possible connec-
tion with it; but the passage he read was in jux-
taposition with another of so much impoitancc
that 1 will take the liberty of reading it. That
excellent wnter, quoting from the forty-third
number of the Federalist, says:
•• Kh'tuM it be a-ked, what is to be the redress for an ia-
Huref-tioii pi.i vaqing all the States, and comprising a --upc-
nouiy o! t'io 'Mituo to!c<\ though not a constitutional ri^ht ?
The an-wei must bo that such a case, as it would be with-
out tin: of human io medics?, so it is fortunately not
wr'ijit tiic cuujpa&b ot human piobabiht} ; and that u K a
'•aliioi'-nt loi'iuiiinrridatum of the Fodcial (Vmstitution that
n durani-'ies th<* u«d< of a calamity foi which no possible
constitution c:;n piovidc a enie.3>
Again:
" The southern States being more peculiarly open to dan-
ger fiom this quarter"—
That is, from a general insurrection—
" ought to be particularly tenacious of a Constitution from
which they may derive such assistance in the most critical
peiiods."
Ah, sir, what a. guarantee was in the Constitu-
tion held out to the southern States against that
dangerous clement which has how awakened into
terrible activity ! Had it not been for the mad-
men who have drawn their sword against their
country for the purpose of extending slavery be-
yond its ancient limits; had it not been for that
wild fanaticism which professed to see that no
Government on this continent could exist with
safety unless resting upon human slavery as its
corner-stone,we should have had continued peace,
and this glorious Constitution, with all its guar-
antees of liberty, peace, and prosperity for the
present and the future, would still have been in
quiet operation, and no man here, no man in the
North, would have been found to go so far as to
urge the taking up arms to prevent the extension
of slavery, much less to abolish it in the States
where it existed.
Sir, we entertained no such purpose,and to im-
pute it to us now is a wanton misrepresentation
and a want6n falsification of the history of the
times. We told them only, " We are opposed to
the extension of slavery beyond its present limits;
we intend to try with you that great question at
the ballot-box; if we overcome you there the only
result will be that slavery will go no further;"
but we told them in the same breath, we assured
them as brother assures brother, with all the earn-
estness of sincere patriotism and love of a com-
mon country, " We do not propose to intermed-
dle with slavery as it exists in the States." We
gave them this sincere assurance over and over
and over, a thousand times, and almost with tears.
They gave no heed to our assurances. They af-
fected to discreditevcrything we said orcould say.
They imputed to us the most wanton purposes.
They said, "Your design, notwithstanding all
your protestations,is to interfere with slavery and
to emancipate the slaves in the States." And with
this cunning deception, with this vile slander on
their lips against as patriotic a party as ever hon-
ored this or any other country, they went before
their people and deluded them, or most of them,
into the belief that such were our purposes.
They went further, sir. They drewthe sword
and have now /lungaway the scabbard; and now
that they have courted the disasters which are
coming upon them, now that they have.made sla-
very the gage of battle, now that they have set up
a government against ours, founded upon slavery
as its fundamental element, I for one am for
waging the combat with them to the very last
extremity. I say to them:
" Lay on, Macduff;
And damned bo him that fiuU cues Hold, enough."
My conscience will not be troubled by the fan-
ciful constitutional objection that the Government
of the United States have no right to " subjugate
a State." We have, sir, the same right to sub-
jugate a State in insunection as to subjugate a
foreign country with which we are at war; and
the Senator from Kentucky will find it impossi-
ble, I apprehend, to draw anything like a sensi-
ble distinction between the two cases.
The Senator, not satisfied with assailing the
report of the committee with almost unexampled
bitterness, not satisfied with undertaking to vin-
dicate the bill now before us, remarked that the
committee lmd gone out of their way for the pur-
pose of assailing and aspeising the character of
the honorable Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Johnson:] and the Senate were ent; itained for a
time by the honorable member from Kentucky
with what he seemed to regaid as a vindication o~f
that honorable Senator. As one of the authors
of this report I have this to soy in regard to the
honorable member from Maiyland. When he
shall state any ground of personal dissatisfaction
with the mode in which he has been treated in
| that report I shall be as ready as any other Sena-
| tor not only to listen to him, as I always do, with
| gteat pleasure, but shall hasten with alacrity to
i do him justice.
| Mr. JOHNSON. If the honoiable Senator
will permit me to interrupt him for a moment,
there is as 1 think in the report, so far as I have
been able to read it, some passages that I think,
indeed I know, dome personally injustice. 1 did
not suppose, however, when I saw them, that the
honorable Senator himself, whose name appeared
on the report as its author, had in fact written
that portion of the report. I imagined that he
had adopted it, and that he had adopted it without
even reading it. I had not when I read it, nor
have I now, the slightest belief that it was the
purpose of the honorable Senator to call in ques-
tion the sincerity of any opinions which I have
expressed on this floor, either on the question
with which tho report deals or upon any other
question on which the Senate have done me the
honor to listen to me.
The passage to which I refer intimates, or rather
says, that my election as a member of this body
by the Legislature of Maryland was owing to the
fact that that Legislature had been itself elected
by such military interfoience as is charged to
have been used in the recent election. It was
new to me, sir; and as I could not imagine how
the honorable member from Michigan, who lives
thousands of miles away from us, could have
known anything about the local politics of the
State, and particularly as to the manner in which
the Legislature that thought ptoper to confide in
mc in part the interests of the State as a member
of this body was elected, I took for granted, as I
take for granted now, that, in everything to he
found in that report relating to tho manner in
which that election was conducted, thc-lionorable
member pinned his faith upon information that
he derived from some one else.
It is also intimated—I mightaswell state now,
instead of waiting to state it m what I propose to
say on these questions themselves, wholly irre-
spective of persona! considerations, as I think
they should be—it is intimated >n the report that
my dissatisfaction with what was done by the
military at the recent election in Maryland was
owing to the fact that the result of that election
disappointed some partisan hopes of mine. There
never wasa charge or an intimation more wholly
and absolutely unfounded. It is not trne in any
particular. 1 had no partisan hopes. If ever I
was capable of indulging in any such hopes 1
think I know myself well enough to know that
in the present condition of the country, if there
be any men in the country willing to indulge such
hopes, I should be the last man in the country to
indulge them. I have nothing to hope politically
except to hope that this rebellion may be speedily
overthrown. I have no political aspirations other
than that of comluctmgmyself on the floor of this
Senate with courtesy to all its members, and pa-
triotically toward the country.
So far as it is supposed that I have been influ-
enced by any disappointment in the result of the
election in the particular congressional district m
which that result was attained, as it was by force
of this (as I think) military interference, the hon-
orable member has done mc great injustice in
point of fact. The gentleman who represents
that district in consequence of that election was
bound to mo by ties of personal friendship, as
well as by ties which political accord creates. It
wasa frtendshipdatmglong before this rebellion.
It is a friendship strengthened by the acquaint-
ance and association which I had with him in the
session of the Legislatureof which we were both
members. It was also an admiration of the man
derived from my knowledge of his very supenor
talentsas a lawyer,as wcllas hisadmitable qual-
ities as a gentleman, it is due to truth to say
that if the choice between the two contestants at
that election had depended upon m y vote it would
have been cast in favor of the member who now
represents the district. What I regretted, and
what I shall continue to regret, was—as I think
it was not to be justified upon any principle, po-
litical or military—that the military should have
been suffered, without interference on the part of
the higher authorities of the Government, to do
the deeds which were done on that.occasion by
them.
With this explanation, therefore, 1 am sure the
honorable member will believe me wh°n I state
to him that I have not, and have not had, fiom
the moment [ read thatreportto the present hour,
