THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 18G4.
New Series No. 43.
Egypt Ethiopian soldiers, and plant them on our
southern bordeis to aid him in his contest with
the republicans of Mexico. Such a step, by such
a man, is a note of warning to the people of this
country,calling for prudential measures,yet meas-
ures m harmony with international peace. This
is a time for careful and profound reflection on the
movements of the armed millions that now crowd
earth's surface, and our prayer to Almighty God
is that no more such come this way, while duty
requnes us to arm to the teeth all who are capable
of bearing arms m the defense of liberty and right.
Auothei step remains to be taken under the wise
and beneficent policy of the Administration. The
coto red man is to be freed. To place this beyond
question or doubt we must guard against his being
reenslaved upon the reconstruction of the Union.
Tins can only be done by an amendment of the
Constitution, ** declaring thatneither slavery nor
involuntary servitude, except for crime, shall be
permitted in the land."
The black man freed, and his reenslavement
rendered impossible by fundamental law, then
comes the last step in the programme: to answer
safely, correctly,andforeverthequestion, What
is our duty as legislators legislating for posterity ?
What is our duty toward this disfranchised race ?
Uneducated, dependent, they look to us as help-
less infancy, requiring direction, protection, and
to a great extent subsistence, and at this time in-
struction how to obtain it. Emancipation leaves
them in the midst of unfriendly influences and
an unfriendly people, who, being foiced to accept
the emancipation of their slaves, will by all means
in their'power seek to undo what you and your
armies have done. It is proposed by some to
settle them down on the old estates of the South;
tins, in view of the well-known temper of the south-
ern masses, is of doubtful piopriety, and will,m
my opinion, result in a second civil commotion
in the course of a few generations; nor will jus-
tice to the black man permit us to hide from our
eyes the fact that his quiet requires a removal
from the scene of his former servitude and deg-
radation. L cannot do better than recite here
the sentiment of the report of the committee on
this bill, that the nation should make a reasona-
ble effort to secure for the millions of freedmen
proper homes in a habitable and desirable coun-
try on our southwestern border, where climate
and country will be congenial to the wants of our
people of color, and where, by acquiring an un-
disputed title to the soil and an independent local
organization, they may enjoy the privileges of
republican civilization,and,thcre concentrate their
whole strength for mutual improvement.
In exercising our judgment as legislators with-
out prejudice or passion, and regarding the best
interests of both races, we are free to say that it
.appears good policy for us to concentrate by every
prudent means consistent with .their free choice
the large mass of our fteedmcn in the country
named in this bill.
By this act we solve the question, What shall
be done with the negro? which has troubled the
dreams of anti-emancipationists, and, I have no
doubt, actually retarded the work of emancipation
heretofore.
The Territorial Committee very properly have
declared that a strong desire for a title to the soil
is a marked characteristic of the people of our
country; and itis reasonable that the man of color
should partake of this feeling. We presume that
it will not be disputed that a quiet title thereto is
indispensable to the pioper development and im-
provement of any country whether in possession
of whites or blacks, and that an unsettled title is
the worst form of agitation that can afflict any
family or race in time of peace—a condition to be
deprecated, to be avoided. Wisely your com-
mittee express the fear that this will be the fate
and future of the freedmen if they remain in the
older States once slave, for the majority race, by
the aid of courts and laws, will keep their rights
and interests unsettled in each of those States,
unless by fundamental enactment the government
of those States should be placed in the hands of
43
colored men. This would be impossible if at-
tempted; hence the immediate wants of the coun-
try, as well as common equity, impose upon the
Government in its attempts to quiet the disturbed
social structure of the South the necessity of
founding a community where the men of color55
will be the majority race, possessing undisputed
sovereignty over their own affairs, and all the
rights which spring from eminent domain.
Observation and experience teach us that the
black man cannot hold his ground against the
grasping cupidity of the white so long as the the-
ater of competition is confined to noithern lati-
tudes. Experience further teaches that the man
of color is safe from the cupidity of the white
man when the tropical climate becomes his ally
and protection. When he has reached the point
of the tropical or semi-tropical lands, the vigor of
his constitution makes him lord of the soil, so
that the destiny of the whole tropical belt, in our
opinion, is to pass under the future empiie of the
educated and civilized children of our freedmen.
Mr. President, with these convictions, it ap-
pears to me expedient that we make an earnest
effort to secure a country of sufficient capacity for
the accommodation of four million persons, should
so many wish to go thereto; for he it understood
that we leave to all the right of choice to go or
stay in the older States; yet, while doing this, we
cannot refrain from expressing the conviction in
the most formal and solemn manner that it is the
duty of the man of color to remove with his fam-
ily and effects to the land indicated in this bill,
and to induce his people to accompany him, hav-
ing in his mind the noble purpose to concentrate
his race in that locality with the view of gaining
the support, protection, and power that numbers
will afford.
While we admit that there is now a large meas-
ure of sympathy for the colored race developed in
the public mind by the antagonism of this war,
and the struggles over him and his interests be-
tween the contending sections of the white race,
yet on the close of the wai, when human pas-
sions returji to their former coutse, the anger of
the white man is stilled, the passions and affec-
tions involved by this armed antagonism sink to
repose, and the public mind returns to the various
channels of business, commerce, and self-inteiest,
the known cupidity of our race will again assert
its sway and hold m abeyance the now well-de-
veloped sympathy for the colored man produced
by this rebellion. Especially will this be true in
the States once slave, for there the white popula-
tion will legaid the negro as an enemy, and treat
him accordingly.
Can we expect the white man to be less selfish
toward the man of color than he is toward his own
race? Look at the conduct of your own people
toward one another. Do not oppression, fraud,
and wrong curse the land? Are not the weak ami
unprotected borne down. Will the man who tram-
ples in the dust the rights of hisown kindred and
race be less exacting, less oppressive with the man
or iace of men to whom he is disposed to credit
much of the disquiet of his country r The sup-
position is preposterous. Let us, then, form our
own judgment by the heartiessness of the general
mass of our people, and not by the philanthropy
of the few; for, in my opinion, what has been
the history of the two races in the past will be
their history, to a great extent, in the future if
they remain associated in this country as major-
ity and mmouty races.
This question, sit, after all, is a question of ma-
jorities—to remain such through all coming time;
for the prejudice, unfortunate as it may appear
to some, which the white race entertains to a
legal and honorable amalgamation of the African
with the people of this country, wili preserve a
dividing line between them as long as the world
stands; nor should Senators hide from their eyes
the fact that without this legal and honorable ad-
mixture of the African blood with that of our race
the foimer can attain to neither social nor polit-
ical equality. I give it here as my opinion that
the individual politician or political party that
comes before the country on the platform of amal-
gamation, either expressed or implied, will be
ciushed as by an avalanche. Then the freedom
we achieve for them is not such freedom as their
long-suffering, their universal loyalty, and im-
Cortant services in this rebellion demand at our
ands. *
With this social and political inequality is it
to be expected that they can develop to that point
to which they are capable? Is it for us to leave
such a mass of disfranchised labor to the caprice
and cupidity of the capitalists of the ruling race,
many of whom are as heartless as the slave-mas-
ter? To leave such an element in our social struc-
ture is to present the strong temptation to intro-
duce an aristocracy as dangerous to our repub-
lican form of government as that we are now
struggling to subdue.
Unless you can assure them social and political
equality, 1 submit that it is a duty we owe our-
selves and our children after us to separate them
from us and place them in a position to govern
and cure for themselves. Give them a country
of their own; give them homes, actual title to the
soil; give them the rights and franchises spring-
ing from the actual dominion of the country where
they reside. Exercise over them for the time
being a territorial government, selecting officers
whose every pulsation will be in sympathy with
them. Thrown upon their own resources, thus
educated and elevated, by having a country they
can claim as their own, all the cucnmstances re-
minding them of their slavery and degradation
being absent, they, in my opinion, would soon
demonstrate to the world capacity for self-im-
provement and self-government that will exceed
the most sanguine expectations of their friends.
My second reason is, we can thus plant at the
door of Mexico, which is a semi-tropical coun-
try, four million good citizens, who'can step in
at any time, when invited, to strengthen the hands
of that Republic.
The place of the black man in the older States
will soon be filled up by foreign immigrants, who,
in filling the vacuum, will give no shock to the
sensibilities of a kindred race or endanger the
future peacj' of the country in the process of natu-
ralization, which will incorporate them into the
mass of our people without reducing the blood
or changing the mutual status. In this way do
we avoid all the disastrous consequences which
mustfollow from that repugnance to legal amalga-
mation with the African almost universal among
the people of the North and Noi th west. Therefore
policy of the highest order requires that we estab-
lish on our southern border an independent,self-
sustaining, and self-reliant people, loving liberty,
and ready to protect it, whose first effort to illus-
trate the principles they have derived from us may
perchance be a combination to expel the imperial
eagles from lauds once consecrated to republican
liberty.
Shall we extend to colored men the opportunity
of voluntaniy separating from us? That con-
ceded, all obstacles to this humane design at oncc
vanish. I do not propose to remove them at the
expense of the Government. They must go, as
other emigrants do, at their own expense. The
sum reqmled for the jouiney can easily be brought
within the limits of their resources.
First of all, therefore, the land of their desti-
nation, tiicii land of promise i think I may say,
must be easy of access. They should be able to
move there, as did many of our ancestors when
sctking thur western homes, in wagons, over-
land,taking their wives and children, theirhouse-
hoid furniture and their agricultural implements
with them. The country should be adjacent to
the sea-coast and traversed by navigable streams,
so that colonies or companies may be able to reach
it in a body, should emigration in large numbers
be desirable.
Such a location, Mr. President, is the country
selected by thi; piovisionsofthisbill. Itis bounded
upon the south by*thc Gulf of Mexico, on the
east by the Colorado river, on the west by the
Rio Grande, on the north by almost impassable
