1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
ordinary seamen, landsmen, and boys employed
in the Navy.
Mr. GARFIELD. Well, I will not insist on
my motion.
The biU was ordered to its third reading, re-
ceived its third reading, and was passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PATENT LATVS.
An act (S. No. 162) amendatory of an act to
amend an act entitled "An act to promote the
progress of the useftfi-arts," approved March 3,
1863, was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Patents.
GRADE OF LINE OFFICERS.
An act (S. No. 276) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish and equalize the grade of
line officers of the United States Navy," approved
July 16, 1862, was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committe on Naval
Affairs.
SURGEON SOLOMON SHARP.
The next bill on the Speaker's table was joint
resolution (S. No. 51) authorizing the acceptance
of a certain testimonial from the Government of
Great Britain.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time. It authorizes Surgeon Solomon Sharp, of
the Navy of the United States, to accept a piece of
plate presented to him by the Government of
Great Britain as a mark of its hi h appreciation
of the unremitting attention and kindness shown
by him to certain officers of the Greyhound while
in the naval hospital under his charge at Norfolk,
Virginia.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read a
third time; and was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved torecon-
sided the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRIENDLY INDIANS IN MINNESOTA.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 225) for the relief of certain friendly
Indians of the Sioux nation in Minnesota.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
SALARY OF AN INDIAN AGENT.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 247) in relation to the salary of
the United States agent for the Indians near Green
Bay.
The bill was read a first and second time. It
directs that the salary of the agent of the United
States for the Indians in the vicinity of Green Bay
shall be hereafter $1,500q year, to commence next
fiscal year.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that bill had better
go to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
ELLEN M. WHIPPLE.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 2) granting a pension to Ellen M.
Whipple, widow of the late Major General Amiel
N. Whipple, of the United States Army.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
GENERAL BERRY'S WIDOW.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 44) granting a pension to the
widow of the late Major General Hiram G. Berry.
The bill was read a fiist and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
EFFICIENCY OF TIIE NAVY.
The next business on the Speaker's table was an
act (S. No. 253) to amend the act of the 21st of
December, 1861, entitled "An act to further pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy."
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
SWAMP LANDS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 164) to extend the time within
which the States may select their swamp lands.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
THE YOSEMITE VALLEY.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 203) authorizing a grant to the
State of California of the Yosemite valley, and
of the land embracing the Mariposa Big Tree
Grove.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. ALLISON moved to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Would it
be in order lo move to refer it to the Cleveland
convention? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, as
that convention is not known to the rules. [Re-
newed laughterj
Mr. GR1NNELL. I hope the House will pass
the bill now.
The question was taken on Mr. Allison's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
RAILROAD LANDS IN MICHIGAN.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 250) to amend an act entitled "An
act making a grant of alternate sections of public
lands to the State of Michigan to aid m the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State, and for
other purposes."
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. UPSON. I desire that the bill be acted
upon now.
Mr. WILSON. Does this bill allow lands to
be taken in the Sta!te of Kansas?
Mr. UPSON. No, sir. The object of the bill
is not so much to increase theamountof the pub-
lic lands granted to the State of Michigan as it
is to apply the grant to the whole line of the road
and secure its early completion. The line has
been extended beyond its original location, and
the lands cannot be got now conterminous and
exactly opposite the line. The Committee on
Public Lands is familiar with the wholequestion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has this
bill ever been before any committee of the House?
Mr. UPSON. A bill similar to it has once been
before the Committee on Public Lands. This
bill was reported unanimously by the Committee
on Public Lands in the Senate, and was passed
unanimously, I believe, by the Senate. It has
been considered informally by the Committee on
Public Lands in the House, and there is no ob-
jection to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. How many million acies
are appropriated by this grant?
Mr. UPSON. The original grant was for about
seven hundred thousand acres.
Mr. SCHENCK. It cannot go with that. I
think about three million acres would take it
through. [Laughter.]
Mr. NELSON. 1 rise to a question of order.
1 think I am entitled to an answer to the question
I asked some time ago, how many acres of pub-
lic land are left?
Mr. UPSON. That information had better be
drawn out on some other bill. This bill does
not increase the amount of the grant per mile at
all. It merely extends the line of the road and
also the limit within which the land may be se-
lected from fifteen to twenty miles on each side
of the road, in accordance with all the bill which
have been passed for Iowa, Wisconsin, and Min-
nesota. It is no new grant.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I would like to
inquire of thegentleman how many acres will be
transferred t > the State of Michigan by this bill?
Mr. UPSON. 1 have already stated that the
original grant was foraboutseven hundred thou-
sand acics,nnd that this bill does not change the
amount of that grant. It merely extends the
limit within which the lands may be selected five
miles each side of the road and extends the line
of the road.
Mr. ALLISON. I will say that this bill has
been informally considered by the Committee on
Public Lands, and so far as they are concerned
they have no objection at all to its passage. It
makes no new grant; it merely'provides where
the lands may be selected.
Mr. UPSON. The explanation of the gentle-
man from Iowa shows that the reference of thia
bill is not necessary, for the Committee on Public
Lands have already examined it, and they rec-
ommend its passage. It only makes the same
provision which has been made in other cases',
and I see no reason for its delay. 1 therefore
move the previous question on its third reading.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, 36 rose in the affirmative and 36 in the nega-
tive—no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the gentleman
from Michigan that he withdraw his demand for
a division, and allow the bill to go to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, with leave to report at
any time.
Mr. UPSON. I will consent to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will then order
tellers on seconding the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we have done a pretty
good amount of business this evening, and as I
see that Judge Spalding is not here, [laughter,] I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. ICERNAN. Before the vote is taken, I
simplydesire to say in reference to the committee
of conference which is ordered on my motion,
that I do not wish to serve on that committee,
and hope in my place the gentleman who reported
the bill will be appointed.
Mr. HIGBY. I hope the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will allow this bill to be referred or dis-
posed of in some way.
Mr. UPSON. I am willing that the bill shall
be passed over informally.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I think thevotemayas well
be taken on my motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 48, noes 41;
and thereupon (at half past nine o'clock p. m.)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 3,1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal was dis-
pensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of offi-
cers of the circuit and district courts of the United
States for the southern district of New York,
praying for an increase of compensation; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON presented seven petitions of
men and women of the United States, praying
for the abolition of slavery, and for such an
amendment of the Constitution as will forever
prohibit its existence in any portion of the Union;
which were referred to the select committee on
slavery and freedmen.
He also presented a petition of men and women
of Massachusetts, praying for the suppression of
the use of intoxicating liquors in the United States
Army, and that the Senate refuse to confirm the
nomination of any general or surgeon who has
not an unblemished character for personal sobri-
ety and freedom from the companionship of in-
temperate associates; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. MORGAN. I present to the Senate a pre-
amble and a series of resolutions adopted by the
Chamber of Commerce of the State of New York
in relation to a naval depot. I will read to the
Senate the concluding portion of this memorial:
"And whereas a majority of the said board, after do-
voting more than s«-vo months to a careful, laborious, and
thorough survey ami examination of said sups, and after
a full discussion of their advantages, immediate and inci-
dental, came to the conclusion 'that the harbor of New
London possessed the necessary capacity and fitness for
such yard, and that the public interests would be promoted
by its establishment there instead of League Island •,' and
whereas during the piesetu session of Congress the Naval
Committee, together with a delegation from the Military
Committee and the Committee of Ways and Means, have
visited and personally examined the said sites, and a major*
ity has- recently reported m favor of the harbor of New Lon-
don: Therefoi e,
ilesoieedy That in view of the importance of thia ques-
tion to the whole country, and especially to the inteie&ts
of commerce and navigation, which arc especially protect-
