1720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Am [ not rtght, then, in suggesting that the na-
tion .should proceed to put itself m the strongest
position possible before it iscompelled to do so by
approaching exhaustion?
From the old countries of the world, whose in-
dustry we have fostered, whose wealth we have
augmented, nnd whose population we have fed,
we have received no word of sympathy or sup-
port -save from Russia. From France we have
teen compelled to accept and sanction a policy
which she knew when bhe entered upon it vio-
lated principles which the people of the United
Stales had taught themselves to cherish as be-
longing to the traditions of the nation—a policy
which will not be tolerated one hour beyond the
time necessary to vindicate our national honor in
the present war.
It has become the tardy policy of England to
look on and wait,t( to observe a perfect neutral-
ity," but not until after the exhibition of an active
sympathy with those in rebellion for nearly two
years.
JN'dw, Sir, we have nothing to ask fiom these
two nations. Their policy has already destroyed
or rendered useless t hegrt a test commercial marine
in the world. All the injuries they could inflict
have been inflicted. Let us, then, labor heieafter
4>nJy for rhe certain reestablishinent of the Amer-
ican Union upon a basts as broad and as long as
this continent, so that we may il establish justice,
insure domestic tianquiility, provide for the com-
mon defense, promote the general welfaie, and
secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and
our posteiuy." Make your legislation conform
to tins idea, and see what a splendid spectacle the
American people will present to the world. Pro-
hibit the exportation of every dollar of gold and
silver, of every bushel of gram, of evmy pound
of beef and pork, or adopt the policy of a prohib-
itory Until', and thus announce to mankind in ev-
ery part of the globe that America will perpetuate
her great principles throughout all tim"; and that,
until the qiiistion us to herpowerand light to do
so is tb fin lie I y' sett led , Mie will (haw t ho r< suiuci «
tbr tie" r.oiiteM in which she is engaged fiom hei
OW't) I'ftKiil domain, and from the inexhaustible
trensin y ol her own prospeions people; tliat sh'*
wili Itoid no intri com so with foreign nations until
after the war,, none whatever. Sir,such a course
would si'cmv a ti uunphant success to the Ameri-
can arms, !o Amei inm imlustry in its mullilhi ions
branches, and lender us iorevei iiulepemh'ut of the
world.
ISir, ihe national debt of England estimated tin
cC80d,00t),()0(), i nnn in  at the i o t< ■ of three j - or cent,
per annum, ia equal in its annual burden to that
of out' own probable debt in July, 18b,>. Thine
fourths of this sum was contracted to defray the
expense of the Fiench war, which unnmenced :n
1793 and terminated .it the h < aty of Pai is in jbOo.
It is not worth our while to review the various el-
forts of B'ltish statesmen,dunng the long period
of twenty-two years, ft) discover the best system
of meeting the lerpmements of this debt,so that
Us burdens might fall as lightly as possible upon
the people of (he nation. The it suit, oftheir labor
is to he found in the completeness of linnr ma-
chinery of taxation, and the sources of levei me to
which it has been,and continues to be, success-
fully applied. Iiow unwise it would be in us not
to avail ourselves of the expeiience of the econ-
omists and statesmen of Great Fjiitain, gathered
from over two centuries of experiment ami study !
Hir, how valuable isi'ue lesson to be drawn fiom
this exp. nance—to be got from a contemplation
of England's pioud attitudo before the world as
complelo in her fmnni'ial integrity! [ rise fiom
a survey of tin; British taxation with the dear
convieiion that, with resources far beyond any-
thing England can boast of, a condition of mate-
rial and geueiaf industrial piogress larexceeding
hers, we ran sustain ^,^00,000,000 of indebted*
ners with more ease than she can possibly do,
and at the same time maintain an equal reputation
foi th«a juun'tual payment of all our obligations.
Befoi t- i proceed to show the sources fi om whence
the B' itssh nation has managed for so many yeais
to nMumim its ureat supiemacy m the financial
woski, «t  that they ^.ni be contrasted with the
faculties vith which a bcni'licent Proudenco hus
bh^ssed the United States, I desire to call the at-
tention of this House to the ong.n and growth of
the nabhe debt of England. \ few sentences from
the great historian, Macaulay, will, I am sure, be
listened to with interest on the occasion of this
important discussion. They will serve to illus-
trate how precisely similar were the times of which
he writes to these our own, and with how much
certainty we may calculate upon the restoration
of confidence m the ability of the nation to meet
all its obligations, both principal and interest, in
gold. After describing in the most graphic way
the remarkable mama that seized upon all classes
of the English people in 1692 to rush into specu-
lations of the wildest character, he observes:
"On the Jatb Pecombei, 1692, the House ot Commons
revived it&elt into a Committee of Ways and Means. It
was proposed to raise £l,u00,000by way of loan; the prop-
osition was approved.
'• Such wa< the origin of that debt winch ha« since be-
come the :*ie,uo«.t prodigy that ever perplexed the sagacity
and confounded the pride of statesmen and philosophers.
Ae eveiy t-tage in the growth of that debt the nation lias !-et
up the  aine cry ot anguish and de-puu\ At every stage in
the growth of that debt it ha* been seriously asserted by
wise men That b.iuKruptcj and riun were at hand. Yet
1111 111c d< bt went on growing; and still bankiuptcy and
nun were a-^ remote a* evei. When the great contest with
Louis XIV \va> hnaliy term mated by the peace ol Utrecht,
the nation owed about <£50,000,000; and that debt was
coitMileicd not merely by the Hide multitude, not merely
by fox hunting .-quaes and colibe-hou.^e orators, but by
acute <uid proiomid tbmkei>, as un ineumbianco which
would pei nianently eupple the body-politic. Neveitheiess
tiiide tlouiir-hed, wealth increased, the nation became
uv-ht'r and rieluM. T licit came the war of the Au^tiian s-uc-
e< Ns-ton j and the <b'bt to- <; to £80,000,000. Pamphleteers,
iu^rou;ui-, and oi.itois pronounced tiiat now, at aU events,
the ea-e was desperate. Vet the -igns ot incteasing pros-
peiiry, signs that eould n< ulier be countorfmtcd not con-
cealed , ought to have «.;ii iMicd oh-rivaut arid reflecting men
thai a d< bt ot XbO.OOO.OOh vva-' le--. to the England winch
wa- govei ned l<y I'elhain than a <!ehr ol £.')0.u00 U00 had
been to the Hn^lund whieh \vu- governed by Ovt'oid. Soon
w.w ai ain in oke ioi Ih; and, undei the eneigetio and piotfi-
gal adinnn-Udtion of [be lust William I'ut, the debt iap-
idl\ ^weded to X 140,Oon,O'jn. A< soon as tin; lust intoxica-
tion oi viftmy wa- over, men of theory anil men of liu-i-
no «s almost u nan unou--l> pi on on need that the tatal day had
now re,illy aniveii The uni; ^l,U"->nian, nnlei d,,i« tivc t^r
•-()(•( unitive. wliii ihd not -h ne in the {ieuei,i! dclti-iou w;b
fainiiuni UiuKe. J),;\id I f time, uiMloitbledly one of tfio
liiOs! piotoltnd politic.d etOiioniMs til hi-time, decl.ued
th.ll 'nin Iiiadf!'--- ii.ul e\< ei (led tlte madne - oi theCiu-
-,tdei- ' liii hat<1 ( inn de Liott and tranii boui^ inn) not
"urn !ti the t.ieeui ,u.! hinetica) denioie-tiation. It \\ in
nnpo^-'ihle to | nne l>\ hjtiie- that ihe io.nl t<i Paradise did
not lie thiou<di ine Ilolv i.and , butu wa^ possible to piove
bv tiunifii.it tto: tu.id to national rum \v.e> thtotudi the
n.unnial tb hi. it u.c- idle, hn\ve\er. now to lalk .tbout
the load; we had re.n bed t he go.il. all over. All the
revenue^ oi the inland tenth oi Trent ,niil we^t of Heading
weie uto'ig.t'it'd, Betiet lot u-3 folctve been eoutpieicd by
i'i u>' ta ot Au-h la than to he saddled u tlit the interest of
a .b'la oj ,t' 1 tU.niw 000
^\ml\el t'li.- cie.it philo-ophei, for ^iich he w:i<, had
oulv tn O)!"!) in- c\e- and to >ee nnpioveitient all numiid
htui—1>: i'- un tea-ill^;, < niii%'aiion e\leniiuiLr, matw too
>-iu.dl to. ' e i-toad ol bll\ el'- ana m llei--, b.ubois liislllll-
eient to <'oniam liie ^bipjiin'.', aitilici.il i ivem jouiing the
einel inland . e.u^ O! until - II J to the < luei s.-.tpoi ts, ^treet'
iietu i ii':hn .1. hou-e- 1). ttei ! nriu-heii. i a-bet w .ne-. exposed
to sale tn -t.itejiet shop-, -wiirei caittage-. iol!tti« along
-moot h"r toad-. He bad, mdei d, only to comp.ite lire Kd-
ndiiuirh ot It'- buvhood to the [khnbutuch of hi-= old age.
Hi- piedu'ii.m-j leiu.tui to po teniv, iimeinoiable un-tanee
ol u e weatcne— lioin which liie stionge^t nnnds .ne not
( \empt. Adam rtmitb r-avv <t In lie, unci but a little, t in ther.
Ui -idmiitcd that, nnineu^e a-' til" buulen w.i-, tlie nation
thd aetu.dlv -u-tam it a.id thrive under it ni a way that
nobody could have foie-< en. J>ut lie wanted tn'coimiryineu
not to n peat mi ha?.aidous an < \pei uncut. The limit had
been le.tt'fied IiVen a -mall un ica-e nn^bt be tatiil.
•• ,\oi Ie>s yh)oin\ w;i-tlie view winch Geoige CJreuville,
a mini lei etnuicnilv diligent and pi.u nc il, took ot oui
fuiitiH i.il -nuatt^ui. The nation nm-t, he conceived, sink
undet <i d.'bt of £ L'10,0d(j,0t)0, unless ;i phitton ot the load
wa- home by the Amene m colonies. 'J'ite atteiript to |,iy
.1 po -1 ion oi 1 lie load on tin* Ann tie.m cohaite^ pio htccd uu-
ot Iw r u ,n Ti,,i t \\ .ti let 1 us u it h an additional £ IO;Uj()0,000
of debt, and ntli.oui the colonies who-e help had been
repie-ei.tcd <i> nidr-p.'n-altle. Agam Cnudand wa-i giv<'i\
ovci ; aiHiaLMtn lln'stianye pttient pet->i-ted m beconnng
Mio'i<:ei a ui moil' blootiiitij ta -pile ol ,ill the «hagnostic-<
and piogho-lie- ot ph\-n idle". A - she iiad (teen vi.-
iblv ttiO) <• [ii ovjicrou- Willi n d' bt ol £ I !0,u00,000 than wuli
a di bt of £ "SiI Oils), -o sin Wd- \ rstbl\ moie pio-peious
with a dehr of i'OHMiO'-'.OiiU :han with a debt o J £ 1 10,000,01)0.
if the nio-{ e01tij'si"eei 1 man h .d be( n told tn 11i)0 that m
] ^1.", the mteic - t on D^'Ou Oeo.ood would be (httly paid to the
day ai the bank, tie would have been as hard of he bet as if
he'had been told Hint the Government would be in posscs-
> ton oi ihe lamp of Aladdin oi oi the pm^e of Fommntus.
It wa< m t. utIt a jriirantic, a tabulons debt; ami wo can
haidty wondft tUt the civ ot di^pan should have been
loudei than ever. I ut aiiaiii that cty \vd< tound to be ns
u.iK ason.iblo ar cvci, Auet a tewycats ot cxh;iu-t ion Eng-
land ;eeo\ -'ted ina-elf. \ el like Addi.-o:i's valetudinarian,
u ho eon ft i, tied tn \\ httc.p(,i th.it he was dyinsof eon-unip-
t'on till he hv-cann- -o id? he wa- stianied into vitence, -he
went- on r-omplimi'mr ih.it :-he was sunk in poveity till tier
wealm showed us; h by token- tltat made her complaints
lidienlou-. The liegiiated, tlai baukiupt -oeiety not only
piuvedttbie totn^&tall it-« obligations, but while meeting
t!ios(> obh<rntion>5 grew richer and richer so fast that the
giowth eouid .'hnost be dibcerned by the eye.
<v In eveiy county we bavv wastes lecently turned into
gardens; in every city we saw new streets and squares
and markets, more brilliant lamps, more abundant supplies
of water; in the suburbs of every gK;at scat of industry
we saw villas multiplying fast,each embosomed in its gay
little paradise of lilacs and roses. While shallow politicians
weie repeating that the energies of the people were borne
down by the weight of the public burdens, the first jour-
ney was pei formed by steam on a railway. Soon the
island was tnteisected by railways. A sum exceeding the
whole amount ot the national debt at the end of the Amer-
ican war wapiti a few years, voluntarily expended by this
mined people in viaducts, tunnels, embankments, bridges,
stations, engines. Meanwhile taxation was almost con-
stantly becoming lighter and lighter. Yet siill the ex-
chequer was full. It may now be affirmed without fear of
contradiction that we find it as easy to pay tite interest on
eight hundred millions as our ancestors found it a century
ago to pay the interest on eighty millions.
"It can haidlv be doubted that there must, have been
some great fallacy in the notions of those who uttered, and
of those who believed, that long puccehMon of confident
predictions so signally falsified by a long succession of in-
disputable tacts. To point out that fallacy is the office
rather of the political economist than of the historian.
Here it is fcuflieient to «ay that the piophets of evil were
under a double delusion. Thev erroneously imagined
that there was an exact analogy between the ease of an
individual who is in d< bt to another individual and the
case of a society which is m debt to a patt of its* If; and
this analogy red them into endless mistakes about the ef-
fect ot the system of funding. The if ueie w\dcr an error
! riot less sciious touching ihe i pinurccs of the counhy. They
made no allowance for the ejfect -pioduced foj the incessant
I pjogms of eveiy cxpeiimental science and by the incessant
j effort of eceiy 'man lo get on in life They saw that the
l debt aro;r, and they forgot that other things g?eu> as well as
' the debt.'"1—Macaulay, chap. 19, pp. 326-1328.
i [f the gieat distinguishing peculiarity of the
| English character some sixty years ago was what
1 iViacauiay intimates it to have been in the sen-
1 tence that ascubes the tapidly increasing power
j of England to " the incessant efforts of werymstn
I to get on in life," with how much more force and
; effect the same declaration can be applied to the
I American people, and what a power of testimony
! it offers in favor of the ability of the American
Grovernmont to sustain the burdens of the war,
nnd tit the same time make it a means of increas-
! nig the prosperity of the nation. If every man
: in England lias been able to get on in life," and
I in hits ('11*0its to do so ttdvame soenounously the
i wealth oftho nation besides—ifcontendingagainst
the more restricted syatem of English industry,
where capital was concentrated instead of broadly
diffused; where credit was difficult to procure, and
the facilities of the trader confined within narrow
limits—how must it be in this great country
where men not only {t struggle to get on," but
where, n nder the genius ofdemocrnticmstitutions,
they labor to get ahead of their contempoiaries,
where industry and integrity ore the synonyms
of credit, and where credit is capital? Sir, the
gieat philosopher and historian could have ut-
tered nothing more significant, could have pre-
sented no text from which a more poweiful and
convincing discourse could have been produced
to demonstrate the supremacy of this people in
all the essential characteristics best calculated to
work out the most wonderful national successes.
Sir, so gieat is the difference, jo iny opinion,
between the two nations, that I regard them as al-
most the antitheses of indolence and industry, so
wist and so powerful are the influences that are
moving the American people in t he contest of life
ovoreverythingever seen in theUmted Kingdom.
The entne levenue of the United Kingdom in
i 1BG2 was about ^355,000,000.
| Of the receipts from the customs about ninety
j percent, was obtained from six articles, namely,
I coffee, spirits, sugar, tea, tobacco, and wine.
j Front co/iee, at 0 cen'< a pound  $2,000,000
j it-?, at a0 per gallon  J3,000,000
j Sugar, at 3 cents per pound  33.000,000
! T''a, at 35 cenH pei pouud  ^6,00u,000
Tobacco, at "to cents per pound    2^.000,000
Wines sit 50 cents per gallon   oO,000,000
All other articles  11,000,000
From thiee articles the excise sup-
plies nearly as large a proportion:
Spirits, £3 50 per gallon  50,000.000
Matt and hops  3CI,000,000
All other articles  lO.UOO.OOO
Her stamps produce  -43 000,000
Land and assessed taxes  ' 5,000,000
From income  00(1,000
Ijands, &.c         30,000,000
Total  $370,000,000
The growth of Britain's revenue from her cus-
toms is an interesting record by itself, and serves
to show the rapid increase of the wealth and pros-
perity of that couutry. I commend these figures
