&2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 24,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections■—Mr. Howard.
Senate.
copyist; it is totally immaterial for the purposes
of the argument. The erroris clearly manifested
by the fact also stated in the report, as the Sena-
tor temarks, that the act was passed before Ma-
foffin resigned, which was in 1862. This, sir,is
narrow foundation for so grave a charge against
the committee.
The Senator next insists that the writers of the
letter to which I have alluded did not wish the
rebels to vote, and that in this respect, also, the
committee "drew upon their fancy for their facts."
Well, sir, let us see how this is. The allegation
is that the writers did not wish the rebels to vote.
The address to which the letter is appended is
signed by seven gentlemen, all of whose names
arc also signed to the letter. The letter is dated
June 13, 1863, and is addressed to Hon. C. A.
Wioklj(Fe,anu the address is of a date subsequent
to th*1 A ngust election. The pi in ted pamphlet is
dated October, 1863.
Now, let us see whether or not those men did
"wish the rebels to vote. The Senator says they
did not desire the votes of rebels. I assert they
did, and the address itself proves the fact. The
signers of the address, including the seven sigheis
of the letter, use this language:
u ft is very (lankly admitted that wo hoped ami expectcd
to obtain tho iupyoit of the «rcat mass of the southeim i°hls
men of the State. They wore lor the most part Deinoeiat^
of long standing, though clashed by the adheionts of the
Administration as ' disloyal.'
'•The great Majority of them were not secessionists, and
were entirely tree from all complicity in the rebellion. 
_ This is what they all say, including the seven
signal's of the letter:
•' The griMt majority of them were not secessionists, nnd
wrro entirely lice fiom ail complicity in tiie rebellion."
The inference is that if a great majority were
not secessionists, and were free from complicity
in the rebellion, the minority of them, however
few or however numerous, were in complicity
with the rebellion, and were secessionists; so that
the re.sult is that here was a poition of the peo-
ple of Kentucky, the minority, if you please, of
the southern lights party, that were actually se-
cessionists nnd in complicity with the rebellion;
ami the writers of the pamphlet say that their pur-
pose was to obtain the votes of all these southern
rights men, including both classes, secessionists
as well as others—if there could be olheia.
So much for the honeyed compliment of the
Seuatoi fiom Kentucky to these secessionists,
some of whom 1 trust had the luck to be dtiven
from the polls at that election by the strong aim
of the Government forces. This confession is of
itself sufficient proof of the necessity of military
protection of the. true Unionists of Kentucky at
"that election, and, were there no other evidence,
must forever shut the mouth of the writers of the
Wicklifl'e letter, as well as the other authors of" the
addiess " to the people and Congress of the Uni-
ted States." They wanted secessionists who were
in complicity with the rebellion to vote, and
wanted their votes.
[The honorable Senator here gave way for a
motion to adjourn.]
Thursday, March 21, 18Gt.
The Sennto i outlined ttie coiiMdemtloii of (lie lull to pre-
sent ofiieer.-. ol the Auny and Navy, and other prisons en-
gaged in the miliuiy and n.ivaivervieo of the United Stales,
a'om hiteiletuig with elections m the States.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. PieMdenf, at the ad-
journment yesteiday I wax replying' to some ob-
jections raised by the Senator from" Kentucky to
the report of the Committee on Military Allans.
The Senator stated that two oidcrs were issued
by miiitaiy men in that State just previous to the
general election of AuguM 3, ]&G3j which duccied
that whenever the military authoiitns had occa-
sion to make lecpnsitions for supplies upon the
people1 of KenUuky, they should fust call upon
disloy t! men and maik the receipts they gave
disloynl; and thatit was geneuuiy rumoied about
the vSrate ihaf. those prisons would be tegaidcd as j
disloyal who should at the coming election vote :
the Democratic ticket, winch fact would expose '!
their propei cy to st -zitre by the mthtaiy.
This u as our p.uUeuIai giound of complaint!)
urged by the .Seuatoi against military intei f< u*nce \
in ICentia.ky. But even admi'iiug tb'ty i umor to jj
have bet. n well founded, it cannot he considered as H
an objection against the military orders issued for
the protection of the polls against the interference
of disloyal men and traitors. Nor have we any
evidence,except the assertion of the Senator from
Kentucky, that a single man in Kentucky was de-
terred from the polls by this rumor. There may
have been such a rumor; It is by no means im-
possible or improbable, for we all know that on
the eve of an election the parties interested are in-
dustrious and ingenious in the manufacture of ru-
mois for the purpose of influencing votes. But
whatever may have been the fact, this alleged in-
timidation could not have arisen from the orders
issued for the protection of the loyal voters.
The Senator makes another point against the re-
port of the committee. He misicprcscnts as un-
true the passage relating to the fidelity with which
the orders of the subordinate commanders in Ken-
tucky were carried out. The leport uses the fol-
lowing language:
" The order* of the subordinate oommnndcrs were, so far
as they ure embodied in the pamphlet, and so far as we have
been able to asceitain, in stiiet accordance with General
Burnside's oider and the statute of the Statf, which we
have cited; and the pamphlet admits that these orders
' were earned oat Willi rare fidelity by those to whom their
execution was nuin^ted.'"
The report affirms that these orders were in
strict accordance with General Burnside'a order.
The Senator from Kentucky takes issue with the
committee,and asserts that the various suboidin-
ate orders, instead of being in accordance with
the general's order issued from headquarters a few
days before the election, were not in accoidance
with that.order, but were violatory of it. Now,
sir, I lay it down that there was not a single sub-
ordinate oider issued by the inferior officers in
Kentucky inconsistent with the order of General
Burnside, embracing as it did'the Kentucky act
of expatriation and proscription; and i shall be
obliged to consume some little time in analyzing
these several minor orders for the purpose of
showing that the Senator's assertion isunfountTed.
There are but eight such subordinate orders con-
tained in the pamphlet, which was the only evi-
dence before the committee. All the other orders
iclate merely to foraging, and not to elections.
In order to uudeistand cleaily whether they were
in accordance with the general's order it will be
necessary to read that order. It is in these words:
[General Uiders, No. 120.]
IIkadql'artkr*? Dppartmknt of the Ohio,
Cincinnati. Ohio, July 31, 18G3.
Wbcieas the State of Kentucky is invaded by a lebcl
foice with the avowed intention of overawing the judges
of elections, of intimidating tin; lojal votei*, keeping them
from the polls and toieing the election of disloyal candi-
dates at the election on tiie 3d ol August; and whereas the
military puwm of the Government h theonlv toice that can
defeat this attempt, the Stale of Kentucky is hereby de-
clined under mntttal law, and all nnlitaiy officer* are com-
manded to aid the eon>tiuited authoiiiies of the Estate in
support ol the laws and ol the pmity of siilTiage as defined
m the late proclamation of Ins Excellency GinoniorRob-
nison.
A.* it is not the intention of the commanding genera! to
interfere wnh the proper expansion of public opinion, all
discretion m the eondnet ol the election will he, a-, usual,
in the hand> of the legally appointed judges at the poll-.,
who will he held «tnetly ie {)onMb'e that no disloyal per-
son he allowed to vote, and to this end the military power
Is* ordered to give them.it-> utmost suppoit.
The civil authouty. ei\il eomts and ini-mess will not
he suspended In thi- older. It is /oi the putpo e only of
protecting, if m-cowii), the rights of Io\al citizens and the
fieedoin ol election.
By command ot Mnjor General Bnm^irlo :
JLKWitf KICIIMOND,
•Assistant Jhljutant General.
This order was based on the then recent proc-
lamation of Governor Itobinson, of Kentucky.
It is as follows;
t'OJlMOVWL U.T1I OK KENTUCKY,
1'jXLC U UVF. DU'ART.MCNT.
Foi th'  in fbi marion and guidance ot aliotbeet-. at the ap-
pioaelung ek-etion, I have < au-eil to he herewith published
an net ol the Legi-latnr<' ot Kentucky entitled >v\u <iet to
amend ciiaptei tnteen of the Revised Statutes, entitled
' Citizens Kxpatn.ilion. and Aliens.' " The stuet olcctv-
.uiLC and eidou eiiicui oi l«u-> and at! oiliei hiub ot tins
State tegulating eleetio'W aie eani'\-i!y enjoined and re-
quoed a-; la in« .ihke due n> a taithfu'l disehatgeoi dutv, to
the ptnnv i ( the «'leetive 1'iatielu-e. and to tie; M>voiei<in
will o; the people of Kentucky expred.-ed tluongh then I.e-
gisiaiurc.
(riven under nu hrenl. as (^ovrunorot Kentucky, nt
Fiankloit, tli'^ in !, d,i_v of Jnl\ , and in iiie •< \entv- ;
second \nai o! ilie (.'oimnoiiw i.. 'tii. " ;
J. F. ROBINSON.
By the Govei not : ;
D. ('. U'kmim: re, S^af'nry oj Stale, \
Appended to ihdt proclamation is the statute- of ,
Kentucky to wliicli I have referred. It is as fol-
lows:
"Sec. 1. Beit enacted by the General Assembly of the
Commonwealth of Kentucky, That any citizen ot this State
who shall enter into the seiviee of the so-called confeder-
ate State-1, in either a civil or military capacity, or enter
into the service of the so-called provisional government of
Kentucky, in cither a civil or mihtaiy capacity, or, hav-
ing heretofore entered such servicc of either the confeder-
ate States or provisional government, shall continue in such
service after this act takes effect, or shall take up or con-
tinue in aims agmnst the mihtaiy forces of the United States
or the State ot Kentucky, or shall give voluntary aid and
assistance to those in arms against said forces, shall be
deemed to have expatriated himselt, and shall no longer be
a citizen of Kentucky, nor shall lie again be a citizen ex-
cept by permission*ot the Legislature by a general or spe-
cial statute.
" Sec. 2. That whenever a person attempts or i< called
on to exercise any of the constitutional or legal right- and
puvileges belonging only to citizens ofKentucky, he jnav
be required to negative on oath the expatriation provided
in the fiiat section of tins act, and upon his failuie or re-
fusal to do so shall not be pennitted to exercise any such
light or piivilege.
" Sec. 3. This act to be of force in thirty days fiom and
after its passage,
" Passed and became a law, the objections of the Gov-
ernor to the contraiy notwithstanding, Maich 11,1862."
It will be remembered that at the time the Le-
gislature ofKentucky passed this most salutary
act, Magoffin was Governor of Kentucky. He
refused to approve it; but the Legislature passed
the bill over his head and it bccame a law. Such a
statute seems to have been incompatible with the
principles of that patriotic Governor of Ken-
tucky, Magoffin 1
1 havo thus laid before the Senate the procla-
mation of General Burnside, embodying within
itself thcpioclamation of Governor Robinson, the
latter proclamation containing as part of itself the
statute of proscription of Kentucky. I proceed
to inquire whether the subordinate orders which
woi a carried out and executed "with fidelity,"
according to the confession of the authors of the
pamphlet, were in accordance with this procla-
mation of General Burnside and with the law of
Kentucky.
General Burnside's order of July 31 excludes s
from voting all persons whom the act excludes,
and in addition declares that the judges of election
" will be held strictly responsible that no disloyal
person be allowed to vote; and to this end the
military power is ordered to give them its utmost
suppoit."
Tiiis order was in substance and effect the same
as that of General McClellan already cited. In-
deed, it seems to have been based upon it as a
precedent. It goes no further, and rests upon
precisely the same principles of public law.
I will go rapidly through with my analysis of
the various eases insisted upon by the Senator
fiom Kentucky, in which he says the subordinate
officers transcended the authority given them by
the order of General Burnside. Itshould be borne
in mind (hat the Kentucky act declares that no
person shall be deemed a citizen of Kentucky or
shall be allowed to exercise any of the rightsand
privileges of a citizen who had given aid and as-
sistance to those in arms against the United States,
or borne arms against the Government, or who had
held any office, civil or military, in the confeder-
ate States, or under the provisional government of
Kentucky. The ilist subordinate order com-
plaincd of is that of Assistant Adjutant General
A. C. Semple, in winch he says merely that per-
sons of open and avowed disloyalty will not be per-
mitted 10 stand for office. This was strictly within
the general older.-
The second order referred to by the Senator
was that ol Colonel Thomas Johnson, which pro-
hibits the same thing, and adds that no persons
will be pci mitted to stand as candidates " who
may oe opposed to furnishing men and money
toi a vigorous prosecution of the war against the
H-bellion." I remark in respect to this order that
it was in accordance with the act of Kentucky
when pioperly uiuieistood, because under the cir-
cumstances then existing, Kentucky being then
invaded by the rebel nrmies, a person thus op-
posed to furnishing men and money to the Gov-
ernment was voluntarily gjvingaid and assistance
to the enemy. At such a time openly to avow a
wil!mgti"ss or a wish to withhold men and money
evinced u wjlimgness to welcome tin; invaders;
and a man who could stand up at such a time and
make such an announcement was as much a
