269.6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
ed by the Navy, and in \vhj< b thi« mfy so deeply inter-
e.-ted, ihis C'h,i:,)bor fut'veonctii- ni tin-* oxpre-.-ion of opin-
ion rf tDc Laid boaid ol naval ofliooH and engineer- and ot
paid Navn! Committee. and do earned h ur<;e upon Oongte-;s
to b|>"e<'iiy pass a law establishing tue'riavj-yaru and depot
at N'i'w Londot' a-d to appioptiare the uecc^saiy means
fox carrying the same into etibcl."
I move that the document be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committer on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
three thousand additional copies of the act (H.
R. No. 395) to provide a national currency, se-
cured by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption there-
of, reported it without amendment; and the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the resolution, and Jt
was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on-the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. £30) to amend an act entitled "An act to fa-
cilitate communication between the Atlantic and
Pacific States by electric telegraph," approved
June 16, I860, leported it with an amendment.
MAIIQUETTK AND ONTONAGON UAIUtOATK
Mr. CAIUJ LB. The Committee on Public
Lands have instructed me to report back, with a
recommendation that, it be passed, the bill (H.
R. No. 469) extending the tune for the comple-
tion of the Marquette and Ontonagon railroad of
the Slate of Michigan. It merely extends the
time for the completion of this work five years,
and ! am icquested by the committee to ask for
the immediate consideiation of the bill.
By unanimous consent tin: bill was considered
ay in Committee of the Whole. It propose:? to
extend the time limited for the completion of the
Marquette turid Ontonagon railroad of the State of
Michigan lor the term of five years beyond the
time fixed for its completion by the act of Con-
gress of June1 3, 1856, u making a grant of alter-
nate sections of the public lands to the JState of
Michigan to aid m the consfnietion of ceitaui
railioads in said State, and foi other purposes;"
but the State of Michigan is to have the same
eoiitio! over the grant of lands heieby extended
for the benefit of the raihoad which was {riven
to the Slate under the original act of Confess;
and the State may prescribe the time within
which the several sections of the road shall be
completed.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to u thiid readim,;, read the third time, and passed.
KILL INTRODUCE).
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
const nt obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 298) to incorporate the Potomac Kerry Com-
pany; which was read twice by its title, and re-
fen ed to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
FROM T1£K UOU^K.
A message from (he House of Repi esentatives,
by Mr, McPui.unon, its Clei k, announced that
the IJoUM of llopit'M'UlUtU rtf had pUb.srd the fol-
lowing bill und joint resolutions o'" the Senate:
A lull (No ~36) to provide lor giunting an
honoiable discharge to coal-heaveis and firemen
m ti)'- naval'.sei vice;
A joint resolution (No, 35) to compensate the
smiois of the gunboat Urnon,de Kalb lor loss of
ciuiinn<r; and
A joint jesolution (No. 51) nuthm izuig rhenc-
ci ptanee of a eeiiaui lesiiniom.d liom the Gov-
11 one :u of Un at ih itaiu.
The m<'Nsu<*e fia i her announced that t lie House
had passed u joint losolution (No. 90) to refer
•h" f latin of jNahum Waid back to the Court of
Camus; m which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
The Message further announced that the House
ol RepicsentuUves had disagreed to the amend-
ment of ih-> Senate to the bill of the Mouse (No.
"90) lot tiio reKtf of Rhuda Woicott, widow of
liriH y \\ oleoit, a ski d a confluence on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Hous«>k thereon, am1 had
appointed Mr. Anc«ox Heiuuci; ol'NcwYoi k. ,\Ti.
W, B. WA^niiurus of Massachusetts, aud'M.
Jamls T. II u,e of Pennsylvania, inanagi rs at
lib s im' ":i on part.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives iiad agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the lull (H. R. No. 426) to
create an additional supervising inspector of
steamboats and two local inspectors of steam-
boats foi the collection dismct of Memphis, Ten-
nessee, and two local inspectors for the collection
district of Oregon, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 250) to amend an act entitled "An act
making a grant of alternate sections of public
lands to the State of Michigan to aid in the con-
struction of certain lailroads in said State, and
for other purposes," with an amendment; in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had yesterday approved
and signed the following acts and joint resolu-
tion :
An act (TT. R. No. 345) for the relief of Freder-
ick A. Ijeeien, late secietary of legation to Chili;
An act (H. R. No. 381) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act making a grant of lands to the State
of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of certain inilrodds in said State," ap-
proved May 15, 1856;
An act (H. R. No. 484) to incorporate the
Newsboys'Home; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 63) to settle the
account of James Keenan, late consul at Hong
Kong, China.
JAMES P. JOHNSON.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
HaolreiU That the Committee on Claims ho instructed
to evuinne the ol J.into* P John on, tor services as
a veterinary Minjenu in the lourth Iowa cavalr\, under a
( mitiact with tin1 colonel ot said regiment, and, it found to
b<- ju>t, to iojx>rt a hill lor lib relief.
LAM> CLAIMS OK WJFUONFIN.
On motion of Mr. HKNDRICKS, the Senate
resumed the consideration ofthejoint resolution
(S. No. 8) foi iho icliefof the State of Wisconsin.
i\l r. COLL A M lill, I was submitting some re-
marks on this joint resolution when it was last
up I understood the honorable Senator from
Iowa to suggest that we ought to pay over to the
State of Wisconsin the five per cent."of the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands in that Stale,
and to leave the State to settle with the company.
Did I understand hint aright?
Mr. HARLAN. That was my suggestion.
Mr. COLLAMKR. 1 ihmk that will hardly
do. It, is difficult to talk about this matter with-
out going into a history of how the cane aiises.
The United States owe to the State of Wisconsin
live per (tent, on the sales of the public lands m limt
Stale since the State wasadmitted into theUnion.
That account has not been settled. That money
remains in the Treasury of the United States foi
the State of Wisconsin. The reason it has not
been settled and paid, as I understand, is that it
is understood that the Slate of Wisconsin has m
its hands some money which really belongs to the
United States, money which the State obtained
while a Ten itm y tor some public lands that it sold.
| The account of I he money which it received for j
I that public laud has not been adjusted. When !
adjusted, it should be deducted fiom the amount j
I of the five per cent, coming to the State from our j
| Tieasury. The object of the present joint reso- j
j hit ion is to ad just that business, and not to w t'h- 1
I hold any longer the live per cent, from the State, ;
j hut to ase< i tam whether, m point of fact, the State |
j ha.^ any such money m her hands us I have sup- j
j posed; and if she has, how much, so that it may |
; be deducted fiom what we owe hei,and have the 1
! question settled in lelatmn to the five per cent. I j
! would here inquire of the Senator from Wiscon- i
sm about how much the live per cent, amounts to. j I
Mr. HOWJv U was $249,000 m 1861. I
Mr. COLL AMUR. It is a hule more than that i j
now, J suppose. jj
Mi. IiOWI-2. Th"ie has not been much in- j'
cieas'^ Mil; " mat. j!
Mr. COLL V.MER. Probably in these times jj
the increase would  n t be very  reat. Let us ;l
suppose that ^250,000 is due to that State, lyiue, ''
m out Treasury, which the State wants. 1 take ,[
it she is willing to account for whateva she re- jf
i ceivcd for the lands which she sold. If she really ||
received money for them she is willing to account
to us, but she wants to settle the whole; hence
the object of this joint resolution is to adjust the
accounts.
in settling and adjusting the accounts, if I un-
derstand the subject aright, and I think I do, a
difficulty arises about the claims to the money
which, as I say, is held by the State—claims be-
tween the United States and a certain canal com-
pany. The origin of that dispute can be readily
stated. The United States made a grant to the
Territory of Wisconsin of certain alternate sec-
tions of land to construct a certain canal, and "a
company was organized for the purpose of doing
that, and the Territory was to sell those sections
ofland at $2 50 an acre in order to carry on that
enterprise. The Territory sold some of the land
and paid over some of the money to the company.
The company went on and put m money of their
own, together with the money received from the
Territory. They worked on the canal for awhile;
but at last, however, I know not for what cause,
and I will not ascribe it to any bad cause, the
Territory of Wisconsin lefused to go any further
with it; the Territoi y directed its agents who had
charge of the sale of the lands to sell them at $1 25,
and to put the money into the treasury and use it
for theirordinaiy governmental purposes; They
did so; but I understand they did not sell all the
land. When the Territory came to be admitted
as a State, there was a particular provision in the
law for her admission which declared that ihe
State should stand in the same relation and be
sifbject to the same responsibilities as the Terri-
tory was under in relation to the sales of that
laud. The State assumed that obligation.
Asa matter of course when those sales stopped,
or when the proceeds ceased to be appropriated
to the purpose for which the grant was made, the
work on the canal ceased. It is said now that it
could hardly have succeeded at any rate for I he
want of water, or somethingof that kind. No
matter about that now, for 1 understand that the
company do not desire to go any further with
their enterprise, but they want to be paid for
what they have laid out of their own money; and
it jseems to be agreed on all handt>, if I understand
the reportof the legislative committee in Wiscon-
sin, that they ought to be paid.
Now, the question is how to arrange this busi-
ness. The joint resolution provides for arranging
it. It provides that the Secretary of the Interior
shall adjust the account. In the first place he rs
to make out how much is due to Wisconsin for
her five percent, which we have in our Treasury.
Then he is to adjust the account with the State
foi all those canal lands which the Teuitory sold
and gotpay for, at whatever price it realized be-
yond what it paid to the company, and to deduct
that sum from the five percent, fund,and pay the
balance to the State of Wisconsin. Then we,
having reserved in the Treasury the money which
Wisconsin got from the sale of the canal lands,
have the fund with which to settle with the com-
pany; and the Secietary of the Interior is directed
by the resolution to go on and adjust the account
of that company and to settle with them with that
money, not exceeding the amount reserved from
the State.
That I understand to be the outline of the res-
olution. On this plain statement of it I have noth-
ing to say against it ex rep t in two respects, which
may perhaps be considered small matteis. The
first question is whether Wisconsin ought to be
called on to accountmcioly for what she obtained
fiom the sale of the canal lands, or whether she
ought to be called on to account for them at $2 50
an ucie, the price stipulated at the time the grant
was made. The act making the grant fixed the
puce at, §2 50 an acre. The Teintory of Wis-
consin sold much of it foi less than that. What
she sold at $1 25 was sold at that rate without
any license or authority from this Government to
do so. 1 believe it is said that we fixed the pi ice
of that land too high. They understood pei fecily
well what the pi ice was at the time the land was
gianted. They knew the price the Govr.nmi nt
fixed un it. 1 do nut know why they i-danud h.i\ e
had any right to sell that land for lesg than £2 50
an acie. i do not know why they did it 1 be-
lieve they did it; and this lesolution only holds
them to account for the amount which they actu-
ally received. To my mind they ought to account
in justicc and propriety for the land at $2 50 an
