1864*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
acre. It is not for them to complain that we fixed
the price too high. They might at least have had
the common prudence of the man who broke into
a store and would not steal the goods because
they were marked so high. [Laughter.] They
had nothing to do but let the land alone if they
did not like the price; but they actually took it
and disposed of it for $1 25anacrc;and thejoint
resolution only calif? upon them to pay over what
they received. The question is whether they
should not be called on to account at $2 50 an
acre. I will not occupy further time on that point.
I state it to the Senate, and they can db what they
please.
But there is another matter. The five per cent,
which by a general law is payable to the new
States out of the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands within their limits, was originally con-
fined to the milking of roads and bridges under the
direction of the State. When the State of Wiscon-
sin was admitted, she asked Congress to change
that, and to permit her to hold the five per cent, asa
school fund for common schools. Congress con-
sented to that, and it was agreed that that should
be a school fund. You will perceive, Mr. Presi-
dent, that by the operation of this joint resolution,
what the State received for the canal lands being
deducted from the amount to be paid over to her as
a school fund, the lesult is that she is permitted to
pay off her old debt out of the school fund so far
as it goes. 1 object to that perversion of the fund.
When we granted Wisconsin the five per cent,
for common schools at her request, which was all
right enough, 1 choose that itshall be keptto that
purpose. As to this old debt of hers for the
money she received for the canal lands, for which
she is accountable, it should not be paid out of
the school fund. I speak now for the childicn
and for the cause of education, for the purpose for
which the grant was made; and in order to secure
that I propose the followingamendmentas ail ad-
ditional section, and if it be adopted I shall have
no further objections to the resolution:
JhiH br it further resolved, That this joint resolution is
passed on the condition that before anything is paid to said
State under tiie same, the State shall make provision that
whatevci sum is dcductcd from the five per cent, on the
sales of public lands in said Slate, 111 pursuance hereof,
shall by said State be replaced tor the use of schools m said
State.
Before taking my seat 1 will make a few re-
marks in response to the suggestion of the Sena-
tor from Iowa that we should do nothing in re-
gard to settling with the canal company. What
will be the result if we settle with the Slate and
pay her the five per cent, and make no deduction of
the money which she received for the canal lands
and which should go to pay the company as far
as they, laid out money of their own and which all
agree should be paid? It follows as a matter of
course that the company will at once come to us
and make a claim on us to pay them. They will
say to us, " You have taken the fund which you
appropriated for building this canal, and in reli-
ance upon which we la;d out our own money;
and with it you have settled your debt with the
State as far as it would go, and if you do that you
should certainly pay us." I do not know how
much the claim of the company is. I presume,
however, it is a great deal less than the amount
of money which the Territory received for the
canal lands which it sold. But if, as suggested
by the Senator from Iowa, we do not make any
settlement with the State about the canal lands,
but deduct the money received from them from
the five per cent, fund and just pay the State the
balance, and leave the company to make a claim
Oil the State, it will be an injustice to the com-
pany whom we created in fact under the grant,
for I doubt very much whether they will ever get
anything from the State. There is a further ob-
jection that we leave that amount of money in the
hands of the State. If she settles the account of
the company, which is agieat deal less than what
the State received from the canal lands, she will
take the balance entirely to heiself; it will not go
to pay us, or pay anybody else. _ It seems to me
that is a very great injustice. It is a risk wmoji
we certainly ought not to run to leave the State m
possession of the money even it it,should settle
the company's account, and we ought not to put
off the company and refer them to the State.
The amendment which 1 have offered is noth-
ing but a simple provision that whatever amount
of'the five per cent, fund is deducted for the pur-
pose of paying this old debt shall by the State be
replaced in the school fund.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Vermont
I think is in error in this. The five per cent, of
the net proceeds of the sales of public lands, as
well as five hundred thousand acres of the public
lands, were granted to each new State for the pur-
pose of carrying on works of internal improve-
ment within its limits, ijnder the direction of the
State government, and not for the support of
schools.
Mr. COLLAMER. The five per cent, was for
roads and bridges.
Mr. HARLAN. Roads and bridges and ca-
nals may be denominated works of internal im-
provement, By a general provision of law the
five per cent, of the net proceeds of the sales of
the public lands within its limits and five hun-
dred thousand acres of public lands were given
to each new State to aid in carrying on such
works of internal improvementas the State might
inaugurate. But Wisconsin, in her application
for admission as a State, requested leave to divert
this five per cent, fund as well as the five hundred
thousand acres from the original purpose intended
by Congress, enacted in 1841, when this system
was originated, to school purposes; and this di-
version was acquiesced in by this Government.
But before this diversion was made lands had
been received by Wisconsin and applied to the
original object, to aid in the construction of a
canal. The amendment proposed by the Senator
from Vermont '[Mr. Collameii] provides that
the value of these lands thus applied to a work
of internal improvement in accordance with the
original policy of the Government, and in ac-
cordance with law, shall be also added to the
school fund by the Slate of Wisconsin, so as to
make her school fund equal to the entire amount
of the five per cent, of flic proceeds of the sales
of the public lands, and the whole of the value
of the five hundred thousand acre grant. This
Government had provided other means for the
support of schools—the sixteenth sections and
university lands. It was not the interest of the
United States to divert the internal improvement
fund to the support of schools. The construc-
tion of roads and bridges and canals through the
public lands would enhance their value and has-
ten their sale. This Government was therefore
interested in the application of this internal im-
provement fund as originally designed. The di-
version was adverse to the interest of the United
States. It was agreed to because Wisconsin
deemed it to be advantageous to her as a State.
I do not, therefore, perceive any sufficient reason
for compelling Wisconsin to add to the school
fund of the State the value of lands which were
never school lands, and which were sold and ap-
plied to the purposes indicated by Congress be-
fore she became a State of the Union.
I will now come to the main proposition, and
state the facts as 1 understand them as briefly as
I can. While Wisconsin was a Territory, Con-
gress made a grant of land, not to the canal com-
pany but to the Territory of Wisconsin, to aid
the Territory in constructing a canal. It is true
that preceding this grant a company had been in-
corporated by the Legislature of Wisconsin for
the purpose of constructing a canal, and in that
charter they were authorized to petition Congress
for a grant of land to the company; but when the
subject was considered by Congress they did not
make an appropriation ot lands to the company
in pursuance of its request, but they made the
grant directly to the Territory of Wisconsin, and
provided the mode in which the land should be
disposed of. The law provided that the proceeds
of the sales of the land should he applied in the
construction of the proposed canal, the whole
amount to be ciedited to the Territory of Wis-
consin lor the use of the future State as so much
full-paid stock. It was not to be turned over to
the company and become the property of the
company as it was derived from the sales of the
lands, but was to be invested in this work by the
Territory of Wisconsin, and held by her as so
much full-paid stock to become the property of
the State.
The work was commenced. The company
pmd in some money, some sales of lands were j
effected and applied. But in the course ol a few !
yeais the territorial authorities* despairing of |
final Buoces'i, declined to make further invest- i
ments in the canal enterprise, -and diverted the
proceeds of the sales of the canal ianfls to* othei;
purposes. . - , i
The law of Congress granting, the Jan-ds'tp aid
in the construction of the canal contained- the con-
dition that if the canal should not becQr^pletep-in
ten years all the lands sold should be accounted
for to the United States by Wisconsin at the rate of
#2 50 per acre; .The' work was not completed,
and accordingly the State stands charged with
the value of the landatthe rate named. This bill
proposes to reduce, the" estimated taJue.of thejand
as charged from $2 50 to $1 25 per acre. This
would operate as a credit to the State to the amount
of about $156,000. Theamendmentproposedby
the committee provides for the payment to the
canal company the total amount of the means in-
vested by it in this worjc out of the five per cent,
fund, now due the State from the United States,
not exceeding the above credit.
It will be seen, if I am correct in this statement
of facts, that this Government never did charter
the company, never came under obligations to
pay its debts or to guaranty the success of the
work, but made provisions to enable the Territory
of Wisconsin to become a joint owner of the
work, stipulating that if she should in the future
so decidc she might purchase the whole, paying,
however, only the amount invested by the com-
pany from its own funds.
Mr. HOWE. Will my friend allow me to sug-
gest one mistake he has fallen into on a question
of fact?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. And that is, that the State could
ever have any stock, ever be beneficially interested
in any stock of the canal company. The pro-
ceeds of the grant were, to be sure, to be invested
in stock, but the State was only to hold the stock
as it held the land, in trust; and whenever, from
the dividends on the State stock, or from any other
cause, the private stock was extinguished, then
the stock was to be held for the public, and there
were no tolls to bo collected thereafter more than
sufficient to keep the work in repair. The treas-
ury of the State never could get a dollar of benefit
either from the grant or from the stock.
Mr. HAItLAN. 1 do not perceive that the fact
stated by the Senator affects the question either
one way or the other. It is true that Congress
stipulated that after the work should have been
completed and after it should have become the
property of the State of Wisconsin, no higher tolls
should be charged than sufficient to keep the work
in repair; but I do not see that that affects the
liability of this Government the one way or the
other. ThisGovernmentnevercharteredthe com-
pany, never organized the company, never do-
nated or promised to donate a dollar to its funds,
but simply provided means to enable the State of
Wisconsin to become a joint owner. This Gov-
ernment never guarantied, either directly or indi-
rectly, the success of the enterprise; never agreed
to leimburse the stockholders the capital invested,
if the enterprise should fail. The enterprise was
a private voluntary undertaking. The hazard
was their own. The rightwas secured to Wis-
consin to purchase out tiie stock to the extent of
the private means invested if she chose to do so;
but this was left for her to decide according to her
own volition. She was not required cither by the
terms or the spirit of the law to make the pur-
chase, nor was this Government in any way thus
obligated either by the letter or spirit of the law.
The character of the future tolls, whether small
or great, could not affect this question in the least.
As 1 was about to observe, Wisconsin proba-
bly distrusted the ability of the company to com-
plete the canal. By an examination of the history
of this case as it will be found in a report made by
a commissioner of the State of Wisconsin, ap-
pointed under a law of the State, it will appear
that the company invested a very small amount
of its own means. Their charter provided that
they might raise stock to the amount of §1,000,000.
One hundred thousand dollars' worth ofstock was
subscribed, and it is said that but a small amount
was actually paid in; I think not exceeding
$14,000. The company does not claim to have
paid iu exceeding forty or fifty thousand dollars
from the beginning to the suspension of the work.
The Tenitoty paid over $30,000 of money; the
company probably much less. The commissioner
previously mentioned also states that the company
