1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
milled to rights of landholders and rulers in that
land, they have adhesiveness enough to form a
community of power, and ambition enough to se-
cure for that community the polish of a high civ-
ilization. Extend to them that substantial freedom
to winch they are so justly entitled; grant them
power; the privilege of selecting their own rulers;
of framing their own laws, and I venture the opin-
ion that the day will soon come when we will be
proud of our proteges.
Reared in the Democratic school, I was taught
to revere the memory and respect the opinions of
Mr. Jefferson on this important subject, which
employed much of (he most serious reflections of
that profound statesman. He says, in the first
volume of his writings, page 49:
"Nothing is more ccitamly wutten in the bonk of fate
than that the^e people aie to"be fiee; nor is it le?s certain
tii.it the two iaee^, equally free, cannot live in the same
Government. N.mne, habit, opinion, have drawn indoli-
ble lines of di>tntction between them. It is still in our
powiM to direct the pincers of emancipation and deporta-
tion. peaceably, and in plow decree, as that evil will wear
off insensibly, and their place be jim i passu filled up by
fiec white labor."
Time has exploded his deportation plan. \V"e
have neither the ability nor inclination to adopt it.
i have indorsed his position, that the two races
cannot live equally free in the same State, but
have failed to discover why we cannot give them
the same freedom we ourselves enjoy under the
national Government, through a tei ntonal organ-
ization, in a territory whore they constitute the
majority, leaving the question of admission to a
higher position therein to time and to those who
come after us.
The last census shows that, at the commence-
ment of the rebellion, there were in the State of
M issoun i H.tKJl slaves; in A i kansas, 111 ,315; in
Louisiana, 331,7^6; and in Texas, 16:2,501), mak-
ing, in tin.' ablegate, 740,338.
It is safe to say that one tenth of the slaves of
Missouri, six tenths of those of Louisiana, three
foinths of those of Arkansas, and all those of
Texas, reinforced by at least one hundred thou-
sand who have been transferred to the west side of
the liver from Mississippi and the other States,
making in all about six hundred thousand, aie now
m eastern Texas, and will at once, with but little
expense to themselves or tiouble to us, seek the
new Jerusalem.
The foundations foi the contemplated commu-
nity may be hud deep and stiong by a single oider
issued in just nineteen svoids, namely: " withdraw
the white troops from western Texas, and supply
their places by colored i egnnents,giving transpor-
tation to their families."
It was demonstrated by the discussion last Sat-
urday that the families of these soldieis are self-
sustaining. They can select laud , open up fai ms,
while then* husbands and fathers are fighting your
battles and their own. The pay of the soldier will
aid th'.m in tlu-s piaisewoi thy effoi t for independ-
ence.
At the clo^o of the war we should adopt the
same policy in mustering out of the service our
gallant regiments as was followed, at the close of
the war with Mexico, in respect to th^ troops in
California. Muster out the colored regiments
west of the Colorado if they desire it, allowing
tiiem transportation pay to the place of enroll-
ment. This method, allowing half of them to be
men of family, with four to a family, would give
fi\e hundred thousand settlers.
It' 1 could direct the policy of the Government
I would tender homes to the colored soldiei •< west
of the Colorado, and to the white soldieis the
confiMUted estates of traitors east of that line, mus-
tering thom out at such points contiguous to their
contemplated homes as they might designate.
"What greater incentive to fidelity to the mteiests
of then country could be placed before them-'
My sanguine tempeiament may mislead me,
but I am cleaV in the conviction that as soon as
this settlement is a fixed fact the coloied race
from Canada to the Gulf will be attracted to it.
Every avenue to it will soon he crowded by emi-
giants hastening thither in every kind of vehicle
from a wheelbarrow to a mail coach.
Should the Senate adopt this bill, I can tell the
man of color that the hour of his deliverance from
the bondage of E ypt has come, and that unless
hr removt s he is doomed to sink into a hopeless
mhm.ity in the older titates for all coming time.
The last census tells the story of his future.
The increase of population to this country by
foieigu immigration alone exceeds the increase of
tiie slave and itoe people ofcolor in the same period
nearly tlnee to one; that of the former being
2,707,634, and that of the latter but 790,947.
You can infer from this the chances of changing
the relation of the races by force of numbers. We
must ever remain the majority race, and conse-
quently the rulers; they the minority race with
no hope of relief in the older States. The colored
man must change his latitude to hold his ground.
Wisdom, policy, and a military necessity suggest
that he change it at once.
I submit the bill, confident that the importance
of its provisions will challenge the serious atten-
tion of every Senator. Our gallant Army in the
field, with the proclamations of the President and
laws in aid thereof, insures freedom to the slave,
while the proposed amendment to the Constitu-
tion, whicu will no doubt be passed by this Con-
gress and sanctioned by three fourths of the States,
secures the colored man from reenslavcment, and
this plan extends to him substantial freedom.
Thus that question which has disturbed the
peace of the nation during my entire life will be
fully settled. Then the Republic can commence
her career anew, freed from all her clogs. With
the shades that dim her lights removed, she will
stand forth before the world a guide to the na-
tions, with power sufficient to command the re-
spect of men and virtue sufficient to secure the
approval of the divine Ruler.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this bill with a view of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the joint resolution
equalizing the pay of troops.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY OF COLOIUCD TKOOPS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the joint lesolution (S.No. 23) to equalize
the [iay of yohhers in the United States; the pend-
ing question being on the amendment proposed
by Air. Cowav (o stiike out all of the resolution
aftei the enacting clause and to insei t the follow-
ing in lieu thereof:
That Item and .it'ter the pa-^'ane ot tlu^ resolution the
^oldiei-J ol the I 'nited State ot Aiix'i jea oi the Mine yiadc
.ind m i vice >hall be i nulled to the ^iine pay, r.iiion-,, and
pension.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment pioposed bv the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia by sti iking out all aftei the woi d u that,'3 and
insetting what I send to the Chair:
Fiom and altei the 1st day of Match, ISfH. th" ^oldiei-
of the 1jntrcd Stales <>| Hie -a.sje "I.id" and :-eiviee -ii.:ll
be entitled to letetve the same itniionn. elolinmr. aiin-,
equipment^, camp equip'!'/", i.tiion-', nw'die.'l and ho-piMi
attendance, pay, emolument-^ pension1', and bounty.
The high bounties now nff.Mfd by the Govei li-
me n I Will cease on t he 1st day of March , and then
peisons enlisting into the ten ice for three >e;us
will lie entitled to receive the stun of I have,
therefoiettu thixamendnnmt,fixed the date when
Wiis joint resolution shall commence operation, so
as lo*begin at that tune, i think, in the form pro-
posed in the amendmen I, iteowrs every th mg, and
puts the-n on the equality that is intended.
Mr. DAVIS. I will inquire whetln r, if the
amendment lo i fie amendment should be adopted,
it will be in oider to oiler an amendment to the
amendment as it is adopted ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howi; in
the chan .) In the opinion of the Chair it would
not be in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose to say something on
this piopuMtiun. 1 hope the amendment to the
ouiendmeuf wJl bo vou d down. I will nsk for
the leading of an amendment which I shall offer
to the substitute of the Senator f'lom Pennsylva-
nia, if the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts shall be votfd down*.
The PRESID1:nGO^P1CKR. I twill be read.
The Secretary mid the proposed amendment,
to strike out all of the substitute after the words
" this resolution," and to insert in lieu thereof
the following;
That -ill ne^mev and niulattoc-. bv whafevei tenn dcbiy-
tinted, in tbo Hi 'it;irv -■<•tv.ee of liie Unifed ^r.it-' - b<;« and
th" f-aine a e bcfby. declaied to In dwnat od iron) .-neli
seivice, and shall b" di-'anm d as -oon a- pi at tieable; but
the Pr<--id; lit t" tie Unit- d m.ty letam -neii ol ^ud
nemoe- and uitilattm-- as lie shall deem piopei in the mili-
taiy seiviec ih team -t<'i-. and lahorei.s ; and the command-
ants of the respective raiment* to which said "slaves may
be attached shall issue to their owner or owners a certifi-
cate of theiremploymentin the seiviee of the Government.
Jlnd be it further resolved, That every loyal owner of any
i-lave that lias been heretofore, or that may hereafter he,
taiven into the service and tor the use of the United States
s-haii be cntifled to a lair and reasonable compensation for
the servicesof s-uch slave for the time such slave m.iyhave
been or may he in such service, to lie paid quartcily; and
wheie any slave may have been killed or died through ex-
posuie, or may huvc been disabled by such service, the
owner or owncrsof all suchslave orslaves«hall be entitled
to such compensation as will reasonably satisfy them for
all damages thai he, she, or, they may have sustained l>y
reason of the death or disability of any suchslave or slaves;
and where any such slave or slaves may become afugitive
and be not leturned to the owner, the United States shall
pay the owner orownersthe lensonuble value of theservice
ol sueh s«lave or slaves.
tfiul he itfmlkcr icsolced, That the owner or owners of
any slave entitled to pay or compensation as hereinbefore
provided for. may make oat his, her, or their account there-
for against the United States, and upon filing the same at
the Tiea-airy Department, sustained by sueh vouchers and
proof■: us ate tequired ordinarily to snppoi t accounts agaUibt
the United States, the «ame shall be audited and paid by
the proper officers, out of any money in Hie Treasury not
otherwise appropriated. ^
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inquire of the {Senator from Kentucky if he pro-
poses to offer this proposition as a substitute for
the resolution before the Senate?
Mr. DAVIS. Notat the present time. I know
it is not in order; but 1 propose to say something
upon the substitute offered by the Senator from
Pennsylvania and the amendment offered by the
Senatorfrom Massachusetts; and I merely desired
to have the proposition which I had drawn up
read for the information of the Senate. The sub*
ject, as I understand, is now before the Senate for
consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Picsident,agreat man onee
asked the question what a public man was worth
who would not stand or fall by a great principle.
I expand that question, and I ask, what is any
man worth who will not stand or fall hy a grea£
principle? Sir, I have that amount of value at
least.
Some gentlemen on this floor in the course of
foimer debates have said truly that 1 whs fond of
reclining to the past. When I tn.ikca retrospect
of the pa^t,e\en for only a few yents, how great
and melancholy is the contrast with the present!
Then we had peace, fraternity, unity, prosper-
ity, power, and the respect of the nations of the
world. Tlint retrospect gives me a mournful
pleasure. I love to dwell upon those halcyon
times, times which I sinceiely apprehend have
left tins country to n turn no more, at least so long
as myself, a much older man than you, and you,
sir, [Mi. Hown in the chan,] shall he living.
Mr. President,! have seen somewhere faction
defined to be "the madness of the many for the
benefit of the few." Parties are inherent, and in-
deed inevitable, in all popular Governments, and
generally ause m all Governments. When par-
ties aie formed on diverse opinions of principles
and measutesof policy, and their effects upon the
Government and the country, and the differences
i of iheir probable effects are investigated and main-
! tamed with truth and candor, they are useful in
i forming a correct public opinion, in repressing'
: maladministration, and in upholding liberty and
! the true spnit of the Government. But when
; these parties turn away from truth and reason,
1 disregard fundamental principles, and support
I men not because of theii fitness for office, their
| virtues, intelligence, and fidelity to public trusts
and in- asures; not because they are wiseantl just
! and }iiomotive of the public good, but because
i they piomise to subserve the ends, (he ambition,
and* passions of individuals, or to attain or hold
j power, party then becomes faction.
In the first and purer ages <if mo^t free Gov-
ernments the people generally divide into par-
lies, but the selfishness and arts of the leaders
and the credulity of the masses soon cause them
to degenerate into factions, Countiy then be-
comes absoibed by party, truth and reason by
falsehood and pas.Moii, and the public good anu
gloiy by partisan contests and tiiumphs. Then
there is enacted the " madness of the many for the
benefit of the few." The masses surrender their
judgment, their will, and their conduct to their
leadeis, and become their followers and slaves,
and ignore wholly the incuts of men and meas-
ures. Party fealty, the esprit de corps of partyt
becomes the strongest bond among men, dom-
inates their opinions, lives, and acts, and directs
