1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr, Howard.
traitor as if he bore a musket upon his shoulder
and was serving in the rebel army.
This order was to be enforced in the counties
of Trigg-, Caldwell, Lyon, Crittenden, and Liv-
ingston, as is shown by its terms. What was
the political characterofthose five counties? They
all lay within the first congressional district of
Kentucky;*and it is a sufficient justification of
the order to say that this first congressional dis-
trict had openly, in the month of January, 1862,
elected a member of the congress of the rebel con-
federacy. This district, as I affirm to be an in-
disputable historical fact, was from the beginning
in favor of the rebellion, and the mass of its peo-
ple aiders and abettors of the insurgents.
Such were the men who were prevented from
voting at the August election of 1863. And is
such unferder, issued upon such an occasion, to be
denounced as unconstitutional and tyrannical,
which prevented open traitors, constituents of a
traitor icpresentative now in the rebel congress,
from voting?
The third ordar was the orderof Colonel Mundy.
It is t© this effect:
"All loyal citizens, who have not forfeited their citizen-
ship, can safely and quietly east their vote5? for the candi-
dates of iheir choice; butail who have forfeited theirright
of cmzen>hip, under the piovisions of the actof Assembly,
who shall present themselves at the polls and fraudulently
attempt to vote, wiil be immediately auested by the guard
detailed for that purpose at such precinct, and confined in
themihtaiy prison."
Certainly, persons who had foi felted their citi-
zenship under the law of Kentucky were not
proper poisons to be admitted to the privileges of
an election, [t was forbidden not only by the laws
of war, which prohibit all enemies from partici-
Eating in such privileges, but was expressly for-
idden by the act of Kentucky.
The fourth order was (hat of Captain Belt.
Mr. POWELL. TheSenaior will allow me to
state that I did not make any vei y special comment
on Colonel Mundy's order; butl willaslc the Sen-
ator who, under that order, was the judge: the
judges appointed by the law, or the military offi-
cer whom Col. Mundy sent there? That is the
point.
^ Mr. HOWARD. The order of General Burn-
side was explicit that the military authorities
should employ all their vigilance and all then-
power in carrying out the iaws of the State and
in preventing disloyal citizens from voting. Some-
body, indeed, must have the power to determine
whether a person is qualified or not; and under
the circumstances, it cannot be denied that (al-
though it -may have been the duty of the judges
to determine whether the voter was privileged to
vote or not) the tutelary authority of the United
States equally had the light; nay, sir, it was the
paramount and supreme right of the military au-
thorities to determine that question, and for rea-
sons I will briefly repeat. A war existed then
and there; the enemies of the country thronged
throughout Kentucky; rebels were thick as leaves
in Vallambrosa at all the polls; and it was equally
the duty of the Federal military agents to determine
who was a friend and who au enemy of the Gov-
ernment.
I was speaking, sir, of the order of Captain Belt.
The Senator alleges this as a case presenting
ground of complaint. And what was it? An order
was issued by this Captain Belt, who is himself
a Kentuckian, and an illiterate person, as would
appear from his manner of spelling, (which is held,
up to very unnecessary udicule by the authors of
this learned pamphlet,) in which he points out
individually a Mr. Hodges as being a disloyal
man, and prohibits the judges from allowing him
to stand as a candidate. I reply if this nun
Hodges was disloyal, as the officer believed, the
officer was justified in instructing the judges of
election not to pei mit him -to stand as a candidate,
for he had no right to be a candidate if disloyal.
He had no right to exercise an office; and if a man
has no light to exeicise the functions of an office
lie has no right to receive votes for that office.
The fifth case is the order of Colonel Foster.
By liu order, the colonel prohibits from standing
as candidates every one who is not m all things
" loyal to the State and Federal Governments,
and in favor of a vigorous prosecution of the war
for the suppression of the rebellion;" and his
order forbids any person to vote who is not known
to the judges to bean undoubted loyal citizen, or i
who lias not taken the oath prescribed by the act
of Kentucky. This order was within thespiiit
of the act of Kentucky, for under the circum-
stances riot to be in favor of the prosecution of
the war was to give indirect assistance to the in-
vaders, and a person standing in that attitude
came fairly within the orderof General Burnside.
The sixth order complained of was thatof'Gen-
eral Iiurlbut. it prohibits from voting or stand-
ing as candidates all persons not avowedly and
unconditionally for the Union and the suppres-
sion of the rebellion. This was equally within
the spirit of the act of Kentucky, and for the same
reason.
The seventh order is that of General Asboth.
Much has been said against rt. Let tis see
whether it is obnoxious to the severe criticism
heaped upon it. it is dated at Columbus, Ken-
tucky, July 29, 1863, and is as follows:
[General Ordeis, No. 47.]
District of Columbus,
hlaDQUaRTCUS slxth division,
Sixtlentii Army Cours,
Columbus, Ky., July 29, 186U.
That no further doubt mav exist as to the intent and
meaning of Special Ordeis No. 159, dated Headquarters
Sixteenth Army Uoip*, July 14, 3863, it is oidered tlrlu ho
peison shall be permitted to he voted lor, or he a candidate
(or office, who has been or is now under arrest or bonds,
by propei authoiity, lot uttering disloyal language or senti-
ments.
County judges within this district aie hereby ordeied to
appoint, as judges and cleiks of the ensuing August elec-
tion, only such person* oj are avowed! \ and unconditionally
for the Union and the suppiession of the rebellion, and are
further ordered to revoke and recall any appointment of
judges and clerK& already made who aie not such loyal
persons.
Judges and cleiks of elections are hereby ordered not to
place the name ot any person upon the poll-books, to be
voted for at t-aid election, who id notavowedly and uncon-
ditionally foi the Union and ihe suppression of the rebellion,
or who may be opposed to furnishing men and money for
the suppiession of the rebellion.
The following oath is pi escribed and will be administered
by judges ot elections to voteis and to &ueh candidates as
reside within this distnct:
I do solemnly swear that I have never entered the ser-
vice of the so-called confederate States; that i have not
been engaged in the setvico of the so-called ' provisional
government of Kentucky,' either in a civil or military ca-
pacity ; that I have never, eithei directly or imlheetly,aided
the rebellion against the Government of the United States
or the State ot Kentucky; that I am unconditionally for
the Union and the suppie& ion of the rebellion, and am
willing to furnish men and money for the vigorous prose-
cution of the war ngain: t the rebellious league known as
the ' confederate Slate?;3 so help me God."
Any voter, judge, or clerk ot election*, or other person,
who may evade, neglect, or refuse compliance with the pro-
visions of this oiderwill be ai tested and sentbefoie a mili-
tary commission as soon as the tact's, aie substantiated.
Hy ordei of Brisradier Gencial Asboth :
T. U. HARRIS,
Jlssiitant Adjutant General.
I insist that this older is equally within the
scope of General Burnside's, equally within the
true intent and meaning of the act of Kentucky.
But, sir, even leaving that actout of view, under
theeircumstances which then surrounded Gfeneial
Asboth, with the whole community swarming
with traitois and rebel sympathizers, I insist that
it was not only the right but the duty of thegen-
eial to issue such an order, it was, under the
circumstances, for him and for him alone to des-
ignate what persons should vote at the election;
and it was not the i ight of the authorities of Ken-
tucky, even if the local law had authoiized it, to
set up a claim to the contrary. The State was
under martial law; but I make no especial claim
on that ground. It was enough that war existed
in Kentucky, and it was one of the rights of war
to see to it that traitors were not suffered to ap-
proach the place of election. Had it been, in the
judgment of the military commander at the time,
necessary entirely to suppress an election at a
particular prccinctanddisrmss the judges to their
homes, there can be no doubt the act would have
been legal and justifiable on the ground of mili-
tary necessity.
The eighth order is that of Geneial Shaokle-
ford, which I will also rend, since lhat also has
been the theme of very sevcie comment. It is
dated at Ru^seilviHe, Kentucky—a name by no
means unfamiliar to the homnable Senator.
[Gencia! Ouleis. No. 23.]
He a pqu a hi liis First Brigade.
Second Division, Tw i n'tv-'J'iiird Army Coups,
ilcs&i.i.i.vu Lfc, Kentucky, July 30, 180i3.
In order that the pio< Kmmtion of the Governoi and the
laws of the State of Kentucky may be observed and en-
torced, post commandant? and otlrcei of this command will
see lhat the following icgulatlons are strictly complied witli
at the approaching State election:
None but loyal citizens will act asotffieersof the election.
No one will be allowed to offer himself us a candidate for
office, or be voted for at said election, who is not in all
things loyal to th6 State aftd Federal Government, and in
favor of a vigorous prosecution of the war for the suppres-
sion of the rebellion.
The judges of election will allow no one to vote atsaid
election unless he is fcnown to them to be an ijndoubtedly
loyal citizen, or unless he shall first take the oath required
by the laws of the State of Kentucky.
No disloyal man will offer himself a§ a eoudidate, or at- '
tempt to vote, except for treasonable purposes; and all such
effoits will be summauly suppressed by the military au-
thorities.
All necessary protection will be supplied and guarantied
at the polls to Union men by all the military force within
this command.
By order of Brigadier General J. M. Shackleford, com-
manding : J. E. HUFFMAN,
•Assistant •Adjutant General.
This falls equally within the scope and intent
of the orderof General Burnside, and for the same
reasons. It was issued at Russollville, the seat
of the rebellion in Kentucky. There is a noto-
riety belonging to that town, and to show what
was done there 1 beg to read an extract from a
new history of tho rebellion by a rebel author,
Mr. Edward A. Pollard. Speakingbf Kentucky
and the state of things there in 1861, he says:
" On the 18th November, the opponents of the Lincoln
rule in Kentucky assembled in convention at RussellviiJo,
in the southern part of the State, for the purpose of organ-
izing a provisional governmcntfor Kentucky, and for taking
steps for her admission into the southern confederacy. On
the 20th November tho convention unanimously agreed
uponaiepoiu piesentlng in a strong light the falseness of
the Slate and Federal Legislature, and concluded with the
declaration that 'the people aie h«reby absolved from all
allegiance to said Government,and tluuthey have the light
to establish any Government which to them may seem best
adapted to the preservation of their lives and liberty.}
George VV. Johnson, of Scott county, was chosen Governor.
Commissioners weie appointed to negotiate with the con-
federate governmentforthe eatliestadmi^ion ofKeutueky
into the government of the confederate States. The em-
bassy of the commissioners to Richmond was successful,
and before the middle of December Kentucky wad duly
recognized as one of the States of the southern confed-
eracy."
Kentucky was formally admitted into the rebel
confederacy in the month of December, 1861, and
represented in their congress by twelve members.
To show further what was the political condition
of Kentucky at that early period, I will read a por-
tion of the proclamation of Zolhcoffer, dated the
16th December, 18GJ, when leading a confederate
army into Kentucky for the purpose of carrying
on the war against us. He says:
"They [the Government of the United States] have
closed joui rivers, embaigoed jour railroads cut orf your
natural and proper markets, left your stock and produce on
hand almost valueless, and theieby almost destroyed the
value of your lands and labor. We have come to open
again yom riveis, to restore the ancient market* for your
produce, and thereby toieturn to you the accustomed value
of your lands and labor. They have represented u  as mur-
deters and outlaws. We have come to convince \ou that
wo tiuly jespect the laws, revere jusace, and mean to give
seemity to your peisona! and propeity lights. They have
forced many of you to take up arms against us We come
to take you by the hand as heretofore, n? friends and broth
ers. Their Government has laid heavy taxes on you'to
canyon this ummtuuU v.ar, one object of which i.s openly
avowed to be to set at libcity >oui slaves, and the ensiling
steps in which mil be to put arms in their hands and give
than political am! social equality with youi selves. We saw
these things in the beginning, and aie* oftenng our hearts'
blood to aveit tho^e dtcadful evils which we taw tho abo-
lition leadeis had delibeiately planned for the South."
The rebel general was awake to the same
gloomy vision of armed negroes which nowseems
to frighten the " Democratic committee" of Ken-
tucky.
Zollicoffer calls the people of Kentucky with-
out any distinction his brethren. He affects to
offer them rights and privileges, and essays to
relieve them from the terrible tyranny of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. It is easy to see
what effect this proclamation would naturally ha
upon the public mind in Kentucky. It would tend
greatly to inflame it, to stir up that disloyal feel-
ing to guard against which the orders I have no-
ticed were issued.
Mr. Piesident, if there ever was a necessity for
the vigorous interposition of military authority
to guard the polls against the intrusion of rebels,
if there was evcracasein the history of the United
States in which the strong arm of military power
was invoked by every interest of community,
it was the case of Kentucky; and i undertake to
say that without this inteiferenee, Kentucky, in
all human probability, would to-day have been
