94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 24
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Howard.
Senate.
regularly installed as a member of the rebel con-
federation. Nothing but the loyal hearts and
strong arms of northern men who hurried from
their homes has prevented that State, with all its
glorious memories, going over to the rebellion.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me
I will ask him the date of that order of General
Zollicoffer."
"Mr. HOWARD. It is dated December 16,
1861.
Mr. POWELL. 1861! These occurrences took
place in 1863.
'Mr. HOWARD. I was speaking of the polit-
ical condition of Kentucky, and read this order as
a piece of evidence to show what was the condi-
tion of affairs in Kentucky for nearly two years
previous. It throws much light on the state of
things in 1863.
As further evidence of the feeling in Kentucky,
not in 1863, but in 1861, I venture to call the at-
tention of the Senate to another document. It is
a letter of General Buckner addressed to Magof-
fin, Governor of Kentucky, dated June 10, 1861.
It has some tendency to illustrate the influences
under which Kentucky neutrality,so called, had
its origin. The letter is as follows:
Headquarters Kentucky State Guards,
Loi'isvilik, June ]0, 18GJ.
Sir: On the 8th instant, at Cincinnati, Ohio, I entered
into an aiianjrem 'iit with Major General G. I . McClellan,
commander of the United States Hoops in the State north
ef the Ohio nvei, to the following effect:
The authorities of the State of Kentucky are to protcet
the tTnitcd State* propoity within the limits of the State,
to enforce, the laws of the United Suites, in accordance
with the mtei promt Ion a of the United States courts, as far
tvs tho-,e laws may be applicable to Kentucky, and to en-
force, with nil the power of the State, our obligations of
neutralitj as against the southern States, as long as the po-
sition we have assumed shall bo inspected by the United
States. Genetal MeCloIhui stipulates that the territory of
Kentucky shall be respected on the patlofthe United States,
even though the Mnithei n States .should occupy it, but in
the latter c,i-e lie will eali upon the autlioiities of Kentucky
to remove the Mutthem loices from oui teiutoiy. Should
Kentuok\ fail to accomplish thi« object Iu a reasonable Lime,
Geneia! MeUb'Ihni chum - the <<11110ii'jbt "('occupancy given
to the southei n toices, 1 have .stipulated in that case to ad-
vise him of Hie inability of Kentucky to comply with her
obligations ami In invite him to dislodge the sou them foiccn.
He stipulates that if he is succrsstul in doing so, he will
withdiaw his Ibices Irom the teimory of ihe State as soon
as tlx: southern toices shall have been removed.
This he us^in os me is the policy winch ho will adopt to-
waid Kentucky.
Should the AdininJstiation heicafter adopt a difleiont
policy, he i^ to  ive me tim<'l> notice of ihe tact. Should
the State of Kentucky heteafter assume a different attitude,
he is m like nuntiei to lie advised of ihe tact.
The well-known charaetei of GeneialMeClellan isasUfh-
eient gmuauicu lot the iulfillmont of every stipulation on his
pal t.
I am, sir, very le.-pcetfully, your obedient servant,
8. R. HUOKNEIt,
Inspector Genoa!.
To his Excellency B. Magoffin, Frunhjort, Kcntuct.y.
It would seem then that as long ago as the (Into
of this letter, General McClellan had assumed to
enter into a treaty by which the neutrality of Ken-
tucky was to be guarantied. Sir, this was a dan-
gerous step on the paitof that geneinl. it was
a step in direct violation of the lawsof the United
.States, totally incompatible with hi  duty to his
Government,and whieh, had it been made effect-
ual ay against the United States, would have led
to the strange spectacle of an independent nation,
acknowledging; no allegiance either to our Gov-
ernment or to the rebel States, and maintaining
within the hordeis of the Union a condition of
independent, neutrality wholly incompatible with
the duty uf that Suite under the Constitution.
But to return to the pamphlet. It complains
that great injustice was done pt Moscow, in Ken-
tucky. The Senator refers to a jeport of JYIajor
Gibson of the mode in which the election at this
place was conducted. The major says:
"Major Gibson having tend to the imidof uvpectois of
election Geneta! ilmibutV Otder No. IjU, and Oencial As-
both'.s CJencra' Onln No. -17, explaining I ho same, and pte-
M-ii'MUg the oalii to bo administered to the votoi.- and can-
did-He-, .iiul li.i\m:T i ad to tin in Gouei.il Bmn-nie^ onlcr
placniir ilm .*,.ue iLe-nm ky under maitial law, tuid hav-
ing -t 1j d j/f'! < in !di e the boat <1 in this pi 0- euro <>t the
volt?itii i; h' u 1 > theie under piop<'i miiitatv otdms to
Asboih's Order
o; !h"'n li!'!,'''. b.''(1 jj■ t--coiii'""r a \ou>. i.ik- t-iio oath.
The\ • "t.isf'd it ,[,) on the <_i> 'ind that (Jencial A-both;s
oM-'i M, Iii.'ii ojjjMion, was nuo'.-l-i'lit with I'le-ulcnt
Lire-'' oeiiuii in j e^ani t/> tno-e u ho \v on Id within
a ei itasit iifse i,, (idv n i:ieji a'ui->a nliclittn to tin i( dim
as io^ a! ciM'/c'i-s; thai tin: oath loquiied ui them by Gen-
ual AiUoth coi thi tod witn then oalhs to the constitutiou
aud law oi Kentucky 111 this, that tiie constitution 0/ Ken-
tucky guarantied to the neoplc afree election,and that the
laws ofthe State subjected them, its inspectors, to fines, for-
feitures, penalties, indictments', &c., unless they placed
upon the poJl-hsts the mmes of all candidates voted for,
aud that they could not as honorable and conscientious men,
take an oath which required them to act as judges of the
election in accordance with the laws of Kentucky, and
take an oath presciibed by General Asboth, which did not
in their opinion coincide with the enactments of the State
of Kentucky.
" They, as well as the citizens, claimed that the procla-
mation of Governor Robinson, of Kentucky, was the best
authority and exposition in regard to the laws of expatria-
tion and* the return of citizens to theirduty, and thcirrights
and privileges thereafter; and that under his proclamation
every citizen who returned to the State and remained
peaceable and law-abiding and took the oath of allegiance
to the Federal Government, was entitled to protection and
to the right of the elective franchise.
"To this Major Gibson replied that they would subject
themselves to similar fines and imprisonment in case they
would not comply with General Asboth's order; that as
Jong as the State was under martial law, and that law could
be enfoiced, the civil law was subservient to the military
power, and that unless they complied with the order he
should have to place them under arrest and take them to
Columbus.
" In order, however, to act in strict accordance with the
order, (the order not saving in so many words that the
judges or inspectors should take the oath,) one poison, Mr.
K. A. Thompson, was allowed to oiler to vote. Major Gib-
son demanded of the judges that they administer the oath
prescribed by General Asboth. Tins tiiey icfused to do,
lor the reasons above stated.
" Major Gibson then placed them under arrest, and re-
quested them to accompany him to Columbus, which they
complied with promptly and eheeifully."
It is clear from this statement that the judges
at that piccinct utterly set at defiance both the act
of Kentucky and General Asboth's order, and, of
course, wore arrested, as they deserved to be.
Again, the pamphletenumeratcs nineteen coun-
ties in the State of Kentucky at some of the polls
in which the military 01 ders were enforced. These
counties lie along the lower Ohio and on the Mis-
sissippi, in the western extremity of the State,
and there is 110 proof of the alleged acts except
the signatures to the pamphlet. Eight of those
nineteen counties he within the fust congres-
sional district of Kentucky, the same which in
January, 386:2, elected, without disturbance or
resistance on the part ol Union men, a member
to the rebel congress. I may apply the old maxim,
ab uno dhce ovmes; if such was the character of
eight of these counties is it not fair to presume
that a state of things equally hostile to the Gov-
ernment, equally inconsistent with loyalty, ex-
isted in the others?
The Senator's great complaint as to the exe-
cution of all these onlers is that the Demociatic
ticket was not allowed to be voted. It is impos-
sible to tell with any precision to what extent
this may have been the case, and 1 can only say
that i must presume, 111 the absence of all pi oof
to the contiary, that the military gentlemen who
guarded the pollsacted impartially and fairly, and
if persons were rejected on the ground that they
were Democrats, the understanding of the mili-
tary authorities in Kentucky was thatsuch Dem-
ocrats were disloyal men. The truth of the com-
plaint is, however, by no means established.
1 do not stand here to pretend, and i will not
assert, that there may not have been abuses in
the execution of some of the orders. It would
be veiy natural thatsuch should be the case. In-
deed, it would be impossible to exclude ail abuse
and nil misuse of such a power. But you may
say the same of the execution of any law. Every
power, every law is liable to be abused; but this
is no reason for denying or extinguishing the
power itself, for repealing it or for repealing the
law.
The leader of this party, Mr. Wickliffe, was
plainly unfi iendly to the Government of the United
States. He was their candidate for Governor.
The letter inviting him to stand as such deelates
that the wiiteis " hold this 1 cbellion utterly un-
justifiable in its inception," plainly, as I have
already lemarked, intimating that it had become
justifiable. The writers of the pamphlet observe:
"Mr. Wickliifo, in accepting the nomination
which had thus been tendered him, expiessed
Ins hearty conciu rence jn our view;55 that is,
his hraiiy concurrence in the statement that the
rebellion hatl become jm long u unjustifiable. I
subnijt, sn, th.it a man who, at such a time, can
so far forget what is due to h's u>untiy as to inti-
mate that this reb< 11 ion had bi come a justifiable
one, was not a fit person to be voted for at the |
polls. And I say boldly that I think the military 1
authorities in Kentucky did exactly right when
they instructed the judges of election not to per-
mit Mr. WicklifFe's name to appear on the poll
list as a candidate for Governor, although, not-
withstanding several orders of that kind, hef re-
ceived a very considerable vote in Kentucky.
But, sir, there is no allegation, even in the
pamphlet itself, that any one single* individual
known to be a true and loyal man was hindered
from voting at the election in Kentucky on the 3d
of August, 1863. It is very true, as the writers
of the pamphlet remark, that the aggregate vote
at that election compared with the number of male
persons over twenty-one years old in 1862 was
small. The aggregate number of votes polled is
set down at 84,930, while the writers remark " that
in 1862 the whole number of male persons twenty-
one years of age in Kentucky was 182,246." For
obvious reasons the entire vote cast was compar-
atively small; but the smallness of the vote shows
not so much that voters were excluded from the
polls as that multitudes kept away because of
their own disloyal proclivities, while thousands
upon thousands had emigrated or gone into the
rebel army or into the Union Army.
As a further illustration of this election in Ken-
tucky, I have been at the pains of examining a
document pietented by the Committee of Elec-
tions in the other House, purporting to be the
reportof thecontested-election < a&e between John
H. McHenry and George H. Yearnan in the sec-
ond congressional district of Kentucky. Mr. Yea-
man is the sitting member. That report piescnts
this state of fact: the total vote in the second con-
gressional distiict of Kentucky in 1861, and be-
fore anybody had gone out to either army, was
14,665; afterwards that district, according to the
evidence contained in this report, furnished be-
tween five and six thousand men to the Union
Armyand about two thousand to the rebel army,
making the total force furnished to both armies
from that district about eight thousand men; in
August, 18G3, the total vote in that distiict was
11,398, of which Yeaman received 8,311 and Mc-
Henry 3,087, leaving Yeaman's majority 5,224.
The several military oi ders were issued only
to enforce the law of Kentucky, and to defeat
the rebel conspiracy. Yeaman was nominated
by the Union parly, and supported by them; Mc-
Henry sought and received the support of rebels.
This is proved by overwhelming evidence; and
it is proved that thousands of persons who were
notoriously rebels, or rebel sympathizers, came
to the polls and voted without let or hinderance.
The oath was administered only to rebels and
secessionists. The election was quiet and peace-
able, and the soldiers did not interfere. Notts-
vtile and Yillington are proved by this report to
have been strong rebel precincts. At Notisville
McHenry had four to one against Yeaman, and
at Yillington lie had. two to one against Yeaman.
Mr. POWELL- Do I understand the Senator
to state that in that record there is no evidence
to show that the polls were interrupted by the
military?
Mr. HOWARD. The evidence is that there
was no open interference by the soldiers in that
district.
Mr. POWELL. I will not reply to the Sen-
ator now, butl will say one word. It is proved
in the record which the Senator held in his hand
a moment ago that in the counties of Henderson
and Davis, and other counties, persons who were
true loyal men were arrested and imprisoned who
voted, and that others weie prevented from vot-
ing, and absolutely the poll-book was taken away
from the judges in one case. The grossest frauds
and corruption are proved in that very document;
and I will show it when I reply to the Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall be happy to listen to
any reply the Senator from Kentucky may see fit
to make. The document is open to him; he is
fiee to examine it.
The Senator fiom Kentucky asserts that the
charge of disloyalty against the authors of this
pamphlet is untrue, and he repeats over and over
again that the Military Committee in their report
chaige those authois with being disloyal persons.
Now, sir, you will look in vain in the icport
ibi any chatge thai the authois of the pamphlet
aie disloyal men. The lepoitdoes not so charge
them; yet 1 must say at the same time that the
decLuauons of the authois of the pamphlet show
