1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
ms
Treasury, has, if we may judge from his politi-
cal antecedents and his present acts, known all
these truths and " scorned them all." He is deaf
alike to the teachings of the past and to that wail
of distiess which a mighty people, struggling in
his paper meshes, already begin to send forth.
Our chief cities resound with the cry of workers
whose weekly subsistence eludes their paper
wa^es, und the distress of whose families finds
voice in continual strikes for higher pay. If the
man of property yet finds the hand of the tax-
gatherer laid lightly upon him, it is because the
Government, as yet, chooses rather to increase
the rent of the poor man's tenement than to dim
the luster of the jobber's palace.
This war, the most gigantic in recorded his-
tory, has thus far been conducted upon credit,
and that credit lias been in the most expensive
and ruinous shape. It is mainly composed of
irredeemable paper money, which in its operation
dilapidates the capital that is not consumed. Its
fluctuating and uncertain value diies up the in-
dustry of a country, inoculates the people with a
spirit of speculation, and the national wealth
perishes under the double process of great ex-
penditure and diminished production. The whole
cost of this war may be said to have been met
by borrowing without taxation. A very few fig-
ures will show this extraoidinary fact. The le-
ports of the honorable Secretary of the Treasury
show the following heads of the revenue and
expenses for the three fiscal years ending June
30, 1864:
  <
rt a.
c <
§2.
It will be observed in this return that the
amount of debt at the closc of the third year is
not so large as the amountofmoney the Secretary
proposes to boirovv. This arises from the fact
that the Secretary estimated a large amount of
the apptopriations asked for would remain un-
expended at the rice of the form. This, how-
ever, is likely to prove illusory, since already de-
ficiency bills to the amount of over $100,000,000
are now before tins Congress. The amount of
debt, whether liquidated or not, is likely fo be
fully equal to the duFerence between the expendi-
tures and the taxes, or over $2,000,000,000.
The whole amount of taxes fiom January 1,
1862, including the sanguine estimates of the Sec-
retai y for the last halfof the year, are $319,574,942,
or an average of $106,5*28,314 perannum, but little
more than the expenditures of each of the three
previous yeais of peace. It may be said, there-
fore, that this whole war has been conducted on
credit; that $2,000,000,000 have been raised by
paper promises and nothing by taxes.
That man must be of a credulous tempera-
ment who supposes that taxes will be imposed
and paid during the lassitude and exhaustion
which will succeed this war, when they have been
neglected during its excitement and seeming pros-
perity.
EUROPEAN EXAMPLES.
If we turn from this spectacle of debt to the
nations of the Old World we find a parallel only
in the wars of the French Revolution. The finan-
cial operations of the revolutionists closely re-
semble our own, with the exception that they
were more wisely conducted. Alison, in the
-History of Europe, page 313, volume 1, remarks:
" Cambon, the Minuter of Finance, soon after th? fall
of Robespierre, made an important and astonishing revela-
tion of liie length to which tlie'eiaission of assignats bad
been carried tinder the reign of terror. The national ex-
penses h;id exceeded 300.01)0,000 francs, or about 12,000,000
per month; the receipt* of the treasuiy during the disor-
der which prevailed nevor exceeded the fourth pait of that
sum, and there wa<- no mode of supplying the deficiency
Init an incessant issue of paper money. The quantity in cir-
culation at the fa II ot Robespierre, amounted to6,400,000,000
fianes, or £3QiJ,000,000 sterling. But this astonishing is-
sue of paper could not continue without introducing a to-
tal contusion of pioperty of every sort. All persons em-
ployed by the Government, both in the civil and military
departments, were paid m the paper currency at par, but
as it fell inpidly, from the enormous quantity in circula-
tion, to a t^ntii patt, and soon to a twentieth of its real
value, the pay received was merely nominal, and though
in the receipt of largest appaieut incomes, were in want of
the common neccssanesoi life."
Now, sir, how do these facts compare with our
present expenses? The expenditures of France
in the great struggle for her regeneration were
$60,000,000 per month, or $720,000,000 peran-
num. Our expenses for three years average one
tenth more than that sum. France raised one
fourth of it by taxation, we raise one tenth.
Franco ruined itself with $1,500,000,000 of paper;
our issues unprovided for by taxation already
exceed that sum. The great revolution of the
French people against the Bourbonsand despotic
government failed entirely in consequence of the
financial errors of the revolutionary government
and the incapacity of the Directory. This is an
example that this country has now before it.
Revolutionary France,exhausted by the opera-
tion of paper money, fell into the hands of a suc-
cessful soldier, whosegreat capacity was not con-
fined to the field of battle. From that France, so
exhausted by the paper-money rnenthat they could
no longer uphold the sovereignty of the people,
Napoleon extracted the means to make fifteen
years' war and conquer Europe. Under fifteen
years of the empire the expenses of France were
$1,530,000,000; that is to say, less than those of
the last two years of oui Government. In that
time the hoops of Franco visited every capital in
Europe, and the French empciorbecame the mas-
ter of the Continent. Now, sir, that$1,530,000,000
was raised entirely by taxation and a judicious
management of the public property. France at
that time embraced Belgium, Luxemburg, Pied-
mont, and Savoy, or one hundred arid sixteen de-
partments, or thirty more than at present. The
taxes mentioned were levied upon and paid by
the present eighty-six departments. Theiesult
of this system of finance was that the annual
charge upon the public debt in 1797, the year Vi
of the republic, was $32,250,000; at the close of
1814 the annual charge was<36,000,000. An ad-
dition of $4,000,000 per annum t<< tiie interest on
the public debthad been the resultof fifteen years
of conquest, during which the Fiench eagles had
passed from Lisbon to Moscow, fiom Berlin to
Venice. It may be replied that France levied con-
tributions. Such was the case in the List six yeais
of the empire, when the emperor sustained a
million men in arms against Europe banded to-
gether by the subsidies of England. These are
theexact figures for the contiibuttons levied from
January 1, 1808, to April J, 1814, #109,837,241.
(L. Wolowskie.)
The gieat antagonist of France in those long
years was England. That powerful nation, un-
touched hei&elf by a hostile force, furnished
(he means by which coalition after coalition was
formed in Europe to oppose the resistless march
of the French legions. The system of England
was different from that of the French Revolution,
and was not similar to that of the empire. It
mingled paper money with debt, and with a round
system of taxation, and succeeded for the time, not
by means of its excellence, but by reason of a sort
of miracle. The tales of the Arabian Nights de-
scribe an individual in sore tribulation, who dis-
covered upon the beach u casket, on opening
which there issued forth a vapor, which, ascend-
ing and dilating, took gradually the f,.rm of a
mighty genii, who, in gratitude for his release,
became the all-powerful slave of his liberator
That tale was realized at about the ,date of fche
French Revolution* . James Watt drecovered the
casket, and there issued forth a vapor whicfi
gradually filled England with tireless slaves tha£
did the work, it is estimated, of sixty million nje/n
Arkwrightdiscovered another worker in the spin*-
ning-jenny; and Cartwright still another in th$
power-loom; to which our own Whitney conr
tributed the cotton-gin, which was to feed those
mighty workers with raw material. Numberless
other agents of production sprang into life. In
short, the age of machinery succecdjed the age of
hand labor. England, secluded from war in her
island home, possessing a powerful fleet that
commanded the ocean, as Napoleon ruled the land,
monopolized the markets of the world for the said
of the goods which' her new productive power
created. She thus held an exhaustless fund of
wealth, which enabled her to feed and prolong the
war. Sir Archibald Alison, in the History of
Europe, admits that Watt and Arkwright con-
quered Napoleon. The expenditures of England
during those years were as follows, per Mar-
shall's tables, namely:
Revenue from taxes, 1793 to 1816 $4,910,803,433
Net loans, 1793 to 1816 .... 2,087,066,4(30
Expenses twenty-four years $6,997,869,893
Expenses per annum    ^250,322,400
The English began the war on crcdit. Up .to
1797, the year of bank suspension, they did not
impose war taxes. In Marshall, table 11, we
have this account:
" During the first five years of the war no increase of
taxation took place. The operation ot the wardoiing that
period was mainly sustained on credit and issues of paper;
a large portion of the supplies for the navy wcic obtained
by lulls at ninety days date, bearing interest. These, in
the fiist instances, operated as an cnUugcme.nt of the cir-
culating medium, and thereby tended tornhanco tbo money
price ot commodities, and reconcile a groat portion ot'the
producers to the war. These bills, also, uwi\;.,thnr iormed
the basis of those money fortunes wlncli have hut to the
creation of a new class or Older of society in England,
namely, a money oligarchy."
This certainly isadescription ofourown finan-
cial commencement. The minister of the day,,
Mr. Pitt, was soon convmccd that this plan must
coraej to an end; accordingly the Government
ceased its issue of paper, but in 1797 permitted
the bank to suspend,or,in legal phtasc, restricted
the bank' from paying specie until six months af-
ter peace shall bedeciared. The taxes grow year
by year from <£17,000,000 in 1796 to' .£72,000,000
in 1815. The loans of the Government were sub-
ordinate to the export trade of the country as t lie
vast machine power came into play. British
merchandise found increasing sales all over the
world, and at paper prices. The paper of the
Government and bank depreciated and caused
priccs to rise, but her foreign customers were
compelled to pay those prices, because of her mo-
nopoly through her command of the ocean. The
amount of exports from 1797 to 1815 was <£695,-
554,185, exceeding the imports by <£350,000,000,
or$l,701,000,000. How was this large sum ac-
counted for? It was thus: English agents in all
Earts of the world drew on the Government at
iondon for supplies of army and navy subsidies,
secret service, &c. These bills were annually
funded. The bullion committee of 1811 state the
bills so drawn in 1795at.£ll,040,236. The loans
contracted in that year were <£12,907,451, that is,
the bills were funded. Thus the amount of money
actually borrowed by the English Government
consisted in very little more than the extraordi-
nary profits on her foreign trade, caused by the
joint influence of her newly-invented machinery,
the cessation of manufacturing industry in Europe,
the absence of it in the United States, and the su-
preme command of the ocean by the Bi itish fleets.
Those profits were funded in perpetual annuities,
if that funding had not taken place,had England
continued at peace, the large capital so accumu-
lated would have been applied necessarily to the
employment of the people at better wages and
have produced a more general distribution of
wealth. Instead of that, however, it was expend-
ed in war, and the stock created fur it has been
held by non-producers, an ** oligarohy'Tor whom
the million has, during fifty years, hopelessly
toiled. Those people have paid since 1813,
$7,000,000,000 in taxes for interest, without di-
