1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Howard.
"Senate..
a different kind of loyalty from mine. It is the
loyalty of neutrality, which is no loyalty, and just
as inconsistent with the duty which a State and
its people owe to the Government of the United
Slates as open rebellion.
Neutrality, sir, Kentucky neutrality, what is
it in law, and what would it be if practically car-
ried out there or elsewhere? If the agreement of
General MeClelian with Buckner had been carried
into execution practically Kentucky would have
been as effectually out of this Union as is now the
State of South Carolina. Neutrality, let me say to
the Senator, is an attribute belonging exclusively
to a sovereign Power, an independent nation.
You ca'nnot predicate neutrality ofany community
that does not possess the right of sovereignty as
an independent nation, for there are certain rights
and duties pertaining to neutrality which can be
exercised only by an independent nation, and
with which any subordinate or dependent condi-
tion is totally incompatible.
Sir, let us contemplate for a moment the con-
dition that Kentucky would have been in if she
had earned out effectually her idea of neutrality.
The Government of the United States would have
# been disabled from reciuiting a single man within
her limits, such recruiting being forbidden by the
laws of war and nations within neutral territory.
Again, the United States could not have marched
a single platoon across the border of Kentucky,
although the enemy had been in her midst. With-
out the permission of Kentucky, whose territorial
jurisdiction reaches, I believe, to the right bank of
the Ohio and to the right bank of the river Mis-
sissippi, the United States could not have trans-
ported a regiment or a single cannon upon her
waters. The Ohio and the Mississippi would have
been sealed up against the navigation of the United
States. Not a gunboat could have been employed
anywhere within her waters. She would have
been flourishing- m all the peace and comfort of
neutrality, keeping the Union forces away upon
the one side and possibly inviting the rebels upon
the other, while at the same time she would have
been at complete liberty to carry on trade and
commerce m everything not contraband of war
with both the belligerent parties, in short, she
would have been enjoying a harvest of profits in
her tiade with the rebels, and a like harvest in her
trade with the Union armies, and at the same time
feeling none of the inconveniences of the war.
Such, sir, was manifestly the idea at the bottom
of Kentucky neutrality.
Is it founded upon the Constitution? Will the
gentleman say that under that instrument it is
the right of any one of the States to set up to be
neutral in a war, whether a civil or a foreign war ?
No, sir. It is as plainly prohibited as open rebel-
lion, and the claim is as incompatible with fidelity
to the Government as the claim of nullification or
secession.
Sir, it is amazing that a gentleman who has so
much to say about the violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, a gentleman who has
not hesitated to say upon this floor that if justice
had been done to Abraham Lincoln for lus im-
puted unconstitutional interference in State elec-
tions he would have been hanged like those who
were denounced as traitois by the laws of Greece
for voting at elections where they had no right—
it is amazing that such a Senator can stand up
here and advocate in the same breath the right of
a State to assume the condition of neutrality in a
war. It is nothing more nor less than actual se-
cession, because it implies an utter repudiation
of the obligations of the State to the General
Government. Sir, I thank Heaven that the Presi-
dent of the United States at an early day rebuked
this pretension. In the first message he addressed
to Congress, dated the 4th of July, 1861, he used
the following pointed and clear language. I read
it in oider to free him and all who support him
and his Administration from all taint of compli-
city m and all countenance of this dangerous and
fatal hciesy:
ct In the houicr States, called—in fact, the middle
States- — there in c tho^e who favor a polic> winch they call
'.miK-d / that t-, an arming or tho^c St.it<j.- to
pievuit the Union forces pacing one way or the disunion
the other, ovvr tla^r soil. Tins nou!d tie disunion com-
pleted. Figuratively -;vakrng. it would he the building of
an impa^alne wali "atons the line of separation, and vet
not quite an unpayable one ; loi, under the uuiso of neu-
trality, it would tie the hands of the Union men arid freely
puss supplies fiom among them to the insuuectionists, which
it could not do as an open enemy. At a stroke it would
take all the tiouble off the hands of secession, except only
what proceeds ti om the external blockade. It would do for
the di^unionrsts that which, of all things, they most desire
—feed them well, and give them disunion without a struggle
of their own. It recognizes no fidelity to the Constitution,
no obligation to maintain the Union, and while very many
who have favored it are, doubtless, loyal citizens, it is
nevertheless very injurious in effect."
Truth requires me to say'I am not aware that
this assumption on the part of General MeClel-
ian, to encourage and sanction the claim of neu-
trality on the part of Kentucky, has ever been
denied or renounced. On the other hand, judging
from what I discover in a New York paper dated
in 1861, I am led to believe that the statement
made by General Buckner of his having entered
into such a treaty with General MeClelian is cor-
rect. There will be found in the New York
Evening Post of June 27, 1861, the following:
"General MeClelian, in a dispatch to an officer of the
Navy in Cincinnati, states that the interview which Gen-
eral Buckner has reported was strictly private and confi-
dential."
Here is an admission that he held an interview
with Buckner, although lie says it was " strictly
private and confidential," a circumstance which
does not alter us character or tend in any degree
to contradict the statement of fact made by Buck-
ner,
"That it was repeatedly solicited"—
No doubt—
"and that he gave no pledge whatever on the part of the
authorities at Washington that the United States troops
should not entei Kentucky."
No, sir; nor does Buckner affirm that he gave
any such pledge on tiie part of those authorities,
but only that the pledge was given by General
MeClelian:
"The only result of the interview, as he undeistood it,
was that confedeiato troops should be confined to eonfed
crate soil, so far as Kentucky was concerned."
This statement of General MeClelian is in no-
wise inconsistent with that of Buckner. It ad-
mits the fact of the interview and does not deny
any of the important averments of Buckner. it
alleges that General MeClelian gave no pledge on
the part of the Government. Buckner does not
charge that he did. General MeClelian affirms
in guaided terms that the only result of the inter-
view was that confederate troops should be con-
lined to confederate soil so far as Kentucky was
concerned. This is m perfect consistency with
cach of the stipulations claimed to have been en-
tered into by Buckner, and is no denial of any of
them. If this dispatch emanated from General
MeClelian, and he thought it worth his while to
take notice of Buckner's letter, especially if that
letter was inaccurate in its statement, that was the
occasion for him to have denied the facts stated by
Buckner; and still this dispatch contains no such
denial.
Mr. President, I repeat that, so far as I have
been able to discover, there is not a case where
any good, true, and loyal man was driven from
the polls by military authority in Kentucky who
wasentitled to casta vote there. There may pos-
sibly have been such cases. If there were, they
have not come within my observation.
I come now, sir, to consider that partof there-
port which relates to the State of Mary land,where
it is alleged the giossest outrages have been per-
petratcd*' by the military authority in interfering
with elections. Thcie was a general election in
that State in November, 1861. At that election
Governor Biadfoid, at present the Executive, was
chosen Governor. Just anterior to that election, as
I have remaiked, General MeClelian, at the re-
quest of Governoi Hicks, issued a proclamation
for the purpose of guarding the polls against the
intrusion of rebels and rebel sympathizers. But
Geneial MeClelian was not the only military offi-
cer who assumed to exercise a military ptotcc-
tion. General Dix also issued his proclamation
in the following words:
jieadquvutkks, bai/rimom;, november 1, 1861.
To the United State* Mmikalof MxtylaiuL and the Piovost
Mcishul of the City oj Baltimore :
lufoiillation hah come to my knowledge that certain in-
dividuals u'ho formerh msided in thw St,ife. and are known
to have !><;< n ree« mly in \ uginwi bt ar ,ng .utn- .igain-i the
author lty «• iid ihe [otee*of the United Statehas e returned >
ji to th.'ii io'ju'n home-; with tin, latemiou or taking parr m j
ij the elect.on of me Gthof November, instant, tun* carrying i
:l out at the polb the treason they have commuted in the 1
field. There is reason also to believe thatother individuals,
lately residents of Maryland, who have been engaged id,
similar acts of hostility to the United States, or in actively
aiding and abetting those in anus against the United States,5
aie about to participate in tho.eleetiotr for the same treach-
erous puipose, with the hope of carrying over the State by
disloyal votes to the cause of rebellion and neason. f,
therefore, by virtue of the authority vested in roe to afrrbst
all persons in rebellion against the United States, require
you to take into custody all such persons in any of tire elec-
tion districts or p'tecincts in which they may appear at the
polls to effect their cnminal attempt to convert the elective
franchise into an engine for the subversion of the Govern-
ment, and for the encouiageinent <uid support of its ene-
mies.
In furtheranceof this object, I request the judges of elec-
tion of tiie several precincts of the Slate, in case any such
person shall present himself and offer his vote, to commit
him until lie can be taken into custody by the authority of
the United States; and I call on all good and loyal citizens
to buppott the judges of election, the United States marshal
and his deputies, arid the provost marshal of Baltimore and
police, in their efforts to secure a free and fair expression
of the voice of the people of IVIaiyland, and at the same
time to pievent the ballot-box from being polluted by trea-
sonable votes. JOHN A. DFX,
Major General Commaiuling,
That election resulted favorably to what was
called the Democratic party. Governor Bradford
was the successful candidate for Governor. He
was elected underthe order bf General MeClelian
and that of General Dix. I do not remember to
have heard a single complaint against either of
those orders, though both were enforced. At that
election also tiie honorable Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Johnson] was chosen a member of the
State Legislature. Everything went off harmo-
niously. The whole country was satisfied thatat
that time at least there was a necessity for the or-
ders. Nobody found fault with them. There was
not then in Maryland, nor is there now, any law
prohibiting traitors from voting; and, so far as I
am advised, the qualifications of voters in that
State still remain precisely what they were before
the civil war broke out.
But just before the election of November, 1863,
a military order was issued which has been the
subject of great complaint and I think of great mis-
apprehension. I refer to the famous Order No.
53, issued by General Schenck. That it may be
understood, I will read it:
[General Orders, No 53.]
Headquarters Middle Department,
Eighth Aiimy Corps,
Baltimore, Maryland. October 07, 18(53.
ft is known that theie are many evii-dispo ed persons
now at large in tiie State of JVJaiyiarrd who have been en-
gaged in rebellion against the lawful Government, or have
given aid and comfort or encouragement to others so ♦Mi-
gaged, or who do not rccogmze their allegiance to the Uni-
ted States, and who may avail them-clve* of tiie indulgence
of the authority which tolerates their piescnce to embar-
rass the approaching election, or, through it, to foist ene-
mies of the United States into power. It is therefore or-
dered:
1. That all provost marshals and other military officers
do arrest all such persons found at, or hanging about, or a*p-
proaclung any poll or place of election on the 3d of No-
vember, 18G3, and report such ancnto these headquarters.
2. That all provost marshals and other mihtaiy otiieers
commanding in Maryland shall support the judges of elec-
tion on the 3d of November, 1663, in requiring an oath
of allegiance to the United States, as the te*t of citizenship
of any one whose vote may be challenged on the ground
that he is not loyal, or does not admit his allegiance to tiie
United States, which oath shall be in tiie following form
and terms.
The oath is simply a promise on the part of the
person taking it that he will not for the future take
arms against the United States or do any act to
aid or abet the rebellion, and has no reference to
the past. The voter is not required to swear that
he has not been in arms against the United States
or given aid to the enemy, but is required to prom-
ise that he will not do so in future. The order
goes on:
3. Provost marshals and other military officers are directed
toreport to these headquartersanj judge oi an election who
shall refuse his aid in carrying out tins oider, or who, ou
challenge of a vote being made on the ground of disloyalty
or hostility to the Government, shall refuse toicqunc the
oath of allegiance from such voter.
By order of Majot General Schenck:
W. II. CHfciSEBIlOUGH,
Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant .Sdjutant General.
The rule prescribed by General MeClelian
and General Dix's otdeis went much further, for
those orders prohibited all persons who were dis-
umomsts from voting, while the orderof General
Schen.ck was a mere promise of future good con-
duct. It was purely prospective, and was in no
sense prosenptive. And yet Governor Bradford,
in ins message to the Legislature of Maryland,
