96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 24.
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Howard.
Senate.
delivered in January, 1864, in his zeal to cover
that order with odium and make it hateful in the
eyes of the people, misstates and misrepresents it.
In speaking of (he order the Governor says:
" You wili be furnished with a copy of this order, and
it is not necessary (urtlier to lecite it than to state in gen-
eral teiins that it was to be executed hy the miliUuy, aided
by the provost marshals. They wore to arrest voters whom
they might consider disloyal appioaehing or hanging about
the polls; a pi escribed loim ot an oath was furnished, with-
out inking wluth no one, if challenged, could vote."
Thus giving the Legislature and the public to
understand that whenever a person approaching
the polls was challenged for any cause whatever,
he was obliged to take the oath prescribed in Gen-
eral Schenck's order; whereas, in fact, the order
only required the oath to be administered to those
persons who wore challenged, not generally, for
any cause, but upon the ground that they were
not loyal. The challenge was based solely on the
ground that the voter was not a loyal man, and
was limited to that question alone-. Governor
Bradford, without much regard for candor and
fairness, misstates the effect of the order. He
says:
"They were to arr^t voters whom they might consider
disloyal appioaehing or Imaging about the polls; a pie-
scribed form of oath was furnished, without taking which
no one, if challenged, could vote."
That, sir, was not the cfiect of the order 
Mr. JOHNSON. I will thank the honorable
Senator from Michigan to read the first clause of
the order.
Mr. HOWARD. I have once read the whole
Order except the oath. 1 wilt read it again, how-
ever.
Mr. JOHNSON". I moan the original order.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir. I mean the original
order. I am very glad that the honorabfe Sena-
tor fiom Maryland lias called my attention to it
again. The first clau.se is in these words:
" 1. That nil profon marshals and other military officers
do arre«t all Mich persons found at, or hanging about, or
appioaelnng any poll or place of election on the 3d of No-
vembei, ltfM, and lepousueh nucsttothese headquaiters."
The Governor in his message repeats this first
clause, and seems determined to treat it as if in
force during the election, although he well knew
it had been revoked by the Picsident of the Uni-
ted States on the 2d of November, the day before
the election,and at Governor Hrndfowl's request.
He seeks to make this order and those who exe-
cuted it odious. He misstates and misconstiues
it, and endeavors to impress the Legislature and
the public with the idea that during the election
the first clause was in force directing the arrest
of all persons found hanging about or approach-
ing the polls.
I have said that Governor Bradford's message
was hardly candid m itsstutcmentof the contents
of this order. On page 44 of the report of the
committee will be found a proclamation issued by
him on the &J of November, the day before the
election, to the people of that State. lie says:
'''Alter the above was in print,at tinee o'clock this after-
noon, I lecoived liom the l'i evident the following di-patch :
i; 1 ievoke (he lii-t ot the thiee piopot-itiotis m (Joneiul
PehenclvV <Trm-i.il Oidt r iVo. fnl, not that H is winng in
piiueipl'', bill beeaiisr the milil.in bruit:, ol necessity, ex-
clti-tve jud'xe a* lo who Miall be anested, the piovi-ion is
liable to abu.-o. Fot the levoked part I substitute the
following :
.V Tfi.it all piovo.st marshal-; and other military oflieers do
prevent all di-tm b.uiec and violence at m about tin; polls,
whether otirn'd by Mich pei-ons as above dc*enbrd oi by
any other person or pei-ons whomsoever The other tv\ o
prupo&uion* ate allowed to stand. My letter at length will
"each)ou to-nighr. A. LINCOLN."
Such was the dispatch addressed to Governor
Ki adfoi d, the day before the election, by the Pres-
ident. That revocation of the first clause was
formally announced by an order liom headqunr-
teis at Baltimoie on the day of Us daie,iti which
the general say*?:
<• Paintrraph loi (iencial Outers NTu.53,fiom the.se head
qti'tiK i^,is modified m> a< to load as follows:
"I. That .til j'tov cm utai^ltais <md utli.-r mi 11 tan offn ei-,
do pievenf ail disiiiibanee and violence at or about thf
polls, whelhri ofieied by -itch prisons a- above detcnbed,
or by any oihei person oi prison- wl',otn>oevei.
u iiy command o< "VI sjoj Oetier.il Srhcttek:
•'WILLIAM li. CflKSElUlOUGir,
'• Lieutenant L'olvitel and slwutant v'Lijutunt Gcneial."y
On the same day the Piesident of the United
States adihessed a inanusetipt letter to the Gov-
ernor in winch he sets forth his reasons not only
for altering the previous orderofGeneral SchencK
in that point in which it appeared to him to be
objectionable, but for retaining the rest of it, and
enforcing it during the election.
On Monday, the 2d of November, the Governor
issued his counter-proclamation against the mod-
ified order. It is a singular document, and may
be found on page 44 of the report of the commit-
tee. He says:
" T avail myself of the occasion to call to the particular at-
tention of the judges of election that they are, on the dny
of election, clothed with all the authority of conservators
of the peace, and may summon to their aid any of the ex-
ecutive officers ot the county, and the whole powei of the
county itself, to preserve order at the poll*, and secure the
constitutional lights of the voters.
" It is abo made their' especial duty' to give informa-
tion to the State's attorney for the county of all infractions
of the State laws on the subject of elections,and by these
laws it i< forbidden to any ' commissioned or non-commis-
sioned officers, having command of any soldier or soldiers
q(tattered in any (libitict ot any county of the State, to
muster or embody any ot said Hoops, or march any recruit-
ing party, within the view of any place of election during
the time of holding &aid election.'"
Again:
" I need not, I am sure, remind them of the terms of the
oath thoy are ) uquired to take before entering upon their
duties, and aeeotding to which they sweat to 'permit all
persons to vote who shall oiler to poll at the election, &e.,
who, iri their judgment, shall, according to the directions
contained in the constitution and laws, be entitled to poll
at the *aim; election, and not topet in it any pcr&on to poll at
the same election who is not, in their judgment, qualified
to vote as afoi>aid.'
'•It is the judgment of the judges of election alone,
founded upon the provision* of the constitution and laws
of the State, that muM determine the light to vote of any
person offering himself for that pmpose. I tiuct and be-
lieve that they will lotm their judgment and disehaige their
duty as then coiiK'ientious convictionsof itsreqmiemcnts
under the solemn obligations they assume shall dictate, un-
deterred by any order to provost maishals to report them to
'headquaiters.'
tv VV h.ilever power the State possesses shall be exerted to
pioteet iJiem tor anything donu in the pioper execution of
its law*."
This proclamation was a direct invitation to the
judges of election and the people of Maryland to
disiegaid the order, and, if need be, to resoit to
violence m resisting it. It was a threat to pro-
duce an insurrection; and to drive out the United
States troops by foiee. The report of the Mili-
tary Committee holds that the Governor had no
right to issue it, or to instruct the judges in this
manner. The Senator from Kentucky, in his
emphatic reply to this part of the report, tells us
that the Governor of Maryland had "a right to
issue a proclamation ooncermngolections." Who
denies itJ The Senator was combatting a prop-
osition the committee had not made. The com-
mittee do not say that Governor Bradford had no
right to issue a proclamation coneerningeleetions.
What they do say is, that he had no light to issue
this pi oclamation, and to assume thus to instruct
the judges of election, and that so far as he did
assume thus lo instruct them he was guilty of a
usurpation, as he clearly was. The language of
the committee is:
"The law ot Mankind ehaiges the Governor with no
authotity over election*, and vests him with no right to
instinct the judges of election* in the law ot then duty.
 " Tins ptoelamation was, therelore, a palpable UsUipa-
lion."
This is a very different proposition fiom that
which is put into their mouths by the Senator
from Kentucky. And he exclaims exulimgly:
" ft was left to the Mihtaty Committee of this honoiable
Senate, a learned committee, to be sine, to make the dis-
cover that the Goveinoi of Man land had no con-tilution.il
authoi uy to lsmw a ptoelamation concerning elections."
Mr. POWELL. What page of the report does
the Senator lead fiom?
Mr. HOWARD. From page 22. Undoubted-
ly, sii, tin' Govei nor of Maryland, like any other 1
Go\ ei nor, has a right to issue a pi oc lama lion on '
any subjectconnreted with his duties; but neither
theGowrnor of Mai yland nor any othei Governor
has the right to say to the judges of elections,
" Your duties ate such and such, and you must
do so and so." The law, not the Govei nor 'h pi oc-
lamation, icgulates their duties. And whatevoi
may be that law, whether in the shape of a State
statute or the older of a military man for the pro-
tection of I he polls, such as that of General
Sehenek, it is nevertheless law, and Governor
i Bradford had no more right to say to the judges
| thattiu-y were not to obey General Schenck's or-
] der than to tell them they were not toobeyastat-
1 ute of the United Slates. It did not lie in the i
mouth of the Governor of Maryland to dispense
them from that obligation.
He not only assumes to dispense them* but tells
them, almost in terms, that if they cannot suc-
cessfully resist the order without culling out fc*ie
power of the county, they are empowered to call
it out. He goes further, and tells them that what-
ever power the State possesses shall be exerted to
protect them for anything done in the proper ex-
ecution of its laws.
Sir, if the judges of election had been as hasty
as the Governor, if they had resorted to the power
of the county or other force for the purpose of
resisting the execution of this order, it is easy to *
see that before the sun of the 3d of November
went down below the western horizon the soil of
ancient Maryland would have been stained with
fraternal blood, and hundreds, perhaps thousands
of her sons been weltering in their gore; for it
would inevitably have led to a violent collision
between the troops of the United States and the
people of Maryland.
The Senator from Kentucky proceeds to close
his climax of denunciation against the committee
with these words:
"To what miserable quibbles and inconsistencies those
who defend tyrants and u*uipeis are driven 1"
" Tyiants and usurpers," arc they ? Men who,
under the flag of the Union, protect the ballot-
boxes from violation and pollution, and keep
from the polls rebels and those who are aiding
and assisting rebels in this great national strug-
gle of ours—these are tyrants and usurpers I Sir,
I may retort this personal invective. I may say
to the Senator from Kentucky, to what miserable
quibbles and inconsistencies are those persons
driven who seek to uphold what they assume to
be the rights of the States against the supreme
authority of the nation ! To what miserable quib-
bles and inconsistencies does this doctrine of
"State rights" lead us when we attempt to Fol-
low it! Sir, it is an ignis fatuus which necessa-
rily draws on its deluded votary until he is lost
in the brambles and thickets of a morass, until
he finally brings up in open rebellion against' the
United States.
The Senator further remarks:
" The destruction of the reputations of those who know
and have spoken of these disgiaceful and wicked usutpa-
tton< is the only means by winch they can e>cape fiom
that damning infamy which must m all time accompany
them."
" Damning infamy !" Mr. President, we must
run our risk with posterity. It is, however, for-
tunate, T think, for such declaimers that
"To each unthinking being, Heaven, a friend,
Gives not the useless knowledge of its end."
Were it otherwise, these gentlemen, while look-
ing into the future, if they are capable of looking
into the future, would curse themselves and call
upon the rocks and the mountains to cover them
fiom the shame that awaits their memories. It
would have been well for this class of politicians
if they had indulged in some previsions when
the cloud of this war was thickening and begin-
ning to roll above our heads. Had they exeicised
but common foresight, especially while banquet-
ing at their Belshazzar's feast on the plains of
Kansas, they might have seen the " half of a
man's hand" slowly revealing itself and writing
upon the wall of their power the oracular words,
tiaced by mystic but visible fingers upon the pal-
ace walls of that tyrant king, tiMcneymenet tekel,
upharsin: God halh numbered thy kingdom, and
finished it; thou art weighed in the balances, and
ait found wanting; thy kingdom is divided, and
given to the Modes and Persians." They might
have obtained a glance at such admonitions had
they been blessed with oidmary prescience; but,*
sir,intoxicated with power,blinded by presump-
tion, they allowed themselves to see nothing ad-
monitoiy in the signs of the times, until, finally,
their folly culminated in warupon their country,
by which their power has passed away, thank
God, foiever!
But, sir, let us particularize. What were the
acts of oppression m Maryland of which theSen-
ator fiom Kentucky complains ? We have a right
to presume that he has m his speech presented all
the proof which he deems material to make out his
pointagainst the Military Committee and insup-
port of his bill. I have shown, I think, that all his
proofs drawn from Kentucky me without weight,
