1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
I move to insert the"words "with the penalty
aforesaid;" so that the clause will read:
And if such person shall not pay the duties or taxes with
the penalty aforesaid and the fee of twenty cents and mile-
age as aforoaid, within ten days after the service or the
sending hy mail of such notice, it shall be the duty of the
collcctor or his deputy to collect the sa;d duties or faxes
and fee of twenty cents and mileage, with ten per cent,
penalty as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page '40, section thirty-two,
line thirteen, I move to strike o^-t the word " final"
before 44account" and to add the letter "s" to
the word account," so as to make it plural.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page 41, section thirty-two,
line fifteen, after the word " and" I move to strike
out the words tl within six months from and after
the day when he shall have received the collec-
tion lists from the said assessois or assistant as-
sessors, as aforesaid," and to insert "atleastonce
in each month;" sp that the clause will read:
And each of the said collectors shall complete the col-
lection of all bums u&sigued to him tor collection, as afoie-
said, shall pay over the same into the Treasury, and shall
render his accohnts to the Treasury Department as often
as he may be required, and at least once in each month.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page41,section thirty-three,
line six, after the word " thereto" I move to strike
out the words 44 and amount of penalties or for-
feitures collected, and shall be credited with all
payments of dutiesor taxes collected," and to in-
sert in lieu thereof "with the par value of all
stamps deposited with him, and with all moneys
collected for passports, penalties, forfeitures, fees,
or costs, and he shall be credited with all pay-
ments made as provided by law, with all stamps
returned by him uncanceled to the Treasury,
with the salary, fee, and commissions allowed by
law;" so that the section will read:
Sec. 33, Jliul be it further enactcd, That each collector
shah be charged with the whole amount of taxes, whether
contained in lists delivered to him by the assessors, respect-
ively,or delivered or transmitted to him by assistant assess-
ors trom time to time, or by other colleetois, and with the
additions thereto, with the par value of ail stamps depos-
ited with him, and with all moneys collected lor passports,
&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page 42, section thirty-four,
line nine, after the word " amount" I move to
strike out the words " of the taxes;" and in line
twelve,after the word "ascertainable," to strike
out the woids " in the office of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;" so that it will read:
That if any collector shall fail either to collect or to ren-
dering account, or to pay over in the manner or within the
times hereinbefore provided, it shall be the duty of the First
Comptroller of the Treastny, and he is hereby authorized
and requued, immediately alter evidence of such delm-
quencV, to report the same to the Solicitor of the Treasury,
who shall issue a variant of distress against such delin-
quent collector, directed to the marshal of the district,
therein expressing the amount with which the said col-
lector is chaigcable, and the sums, if any, which have been
paid over by him, so far as the saine are ascertainable.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page 44, section thirty-five,
line nine, after the words " fine of" I move to
strike out the words " $500 and to a forfeiture of
his compensation,"anil to insert " not exceeding
$1,000;" and in line eleven, before the words
"one year," I move to insert the words " not ex-
ceeding;" so that it will read:
That each and every collector, or his deputy, who shall
be guilty of any extortion or willful oppression, under color
of law, or shall Knowingly demand other or greater sums
than shall be authorized by law, or shall receive any fee,
compensation, or reward, except as iieiem prescribed, tor
the perfonnance of any duty, or shall willfully neglect to
perform any of the duties enjoined by this act, shall, upon
conviction, be subject to a fine of not exceeding $];0U0, or
to be imprisoned for not exceeding one year, or both, at the
discietion ot the rvnrt, aiul be dismissed from office and
be forever thereafter incapable of holding any office uuder
the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page 45, section thirty-six,
line two, after the words " assistant assessor" I
move to insert the words " revenue agent," sons
to.allow revenue agents to enter any brewery, dis-
tillery, &c., in the day time for the purpose of ex-
amination.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page 49, section forty-two,
line eight, after the word "compensation" 1
move to insert the words " and for allowances."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page 71, section sixty, line
fifty-two, there is a misprint, 1 suppose. The
word "or," at the commencement of the line,
should be " on."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correction
will be made.
Mr. HOWE. On page 158, section one hun-
dred and five, line seven, after the word " him,"
I move to insert these words: " to be transmitted
to the Commissioner of Internal Reyenue, there to
be charged to the account of such collector;" so
that it will read:
Sec. 105. J2nd he it further enacted, That for every pass-
port issued from the office of the Secretary of State, there
shall be paid the suin of five dollars; which amount may
be paid to any collector appointed under this act, and-his
receipt therefor shall be forwarded with the application for
such passport to tile office of the Secretary of State, orany
silent appointed by him, to be transmitted to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Itevenne, there to be charged to tile ac-
count of such collcctor.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I am not instructed by the com-
mittee to move the amendment which I am about
to move, but I will move to amend this same sec-
tion in the third line by striking out "five" and
inserting "ten" before the word "dollars."
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think that would operate
very hard upon the poor people who are natural-
ized in going back to their own country. A per-
son who travels for pleasure ought to pay §100;
but there are a great many people who cross the
ocean to see their friends m Germany and the old
countries, and I think ten dollars for a passport
would be an unreasonable tax and would be op-
pressive. Their fare is only about seventeen dol-
lars, from ten to twenty-five dollars.
Mr. HOWE. I agree thatan unreasonable tax
would be oppressive. This does not strike mens
an unreasonable tax. It is true it would be a
large sum for a poor person to pay; but the num-
ber of poor persons who visit Europe I suppose
to be very small. Indeed, I did notsuppose pov-
erty went so far to make a visit. I know that a
great many people are in the habit of going to Eu-
rope who are not poor, and I never happened to
know of one proposing to visit that distant coun-
try to whom the payment of ten dollars for a pass-
port would be any obstacle. Such people may
make such a trip; I have not happened to know
them.
Mr. GRIMES. I have known a great many
of them, men from my own town, neighbors of
mine who are in quite moderate circumstances,
quite poor, who, upon the death or in consequence
of the sickness of their relatives in Sweden or
Norway or Germany, have raked and scraped to-
gether money enough to enable them to go to the
old country; but if you now put a burden of ten
dollars upon them in place ofallowing them, as we
did last year or the year before, to go free 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Under the old bill we
charged them three dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. And now to raise it to ten dol-
lars would be burdensome to thatclass of people.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will ask the gentleman
if very many of those people are naturalized, be-
cause foreigners do not havelo obtain any pass-
port.
Mr. GRIMES. They are naturalized generally.
I think the amendment ought not to be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWE. On page 179, section one hun-
dred and nineteen, line twenty, I move to strike
out the words " Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue" and to insert the word "collector."
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page 182, section one hun-
dred and twenty-one, line twenty-seven, I move
the same amendment, to strike out the words
" Commissioner of Internal Revenue" and to in-
sert the word "collector."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page 184, section one hun-
dred and twenty-two, line twenty-six, I move to
strike out the words "Commissioner of Internal
Revenue" and to insert " Treasurer of the United
States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page 209 I move to strike
out all of the one hundred and sixtieth section
after the words " that the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue," and to insert what I send to the
Chair as a substitute.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume it is unneces-
sary to read the section proposed to be stricken
out. Let the Secretary read what is proposed to
be inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued, if there be no objection. • •'
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
inserted, as follows:
Shall cause to be punted or engraved upon all stamped
vellum, paper, and adhesive stamps prepared after the pas-
sage of this act,the date of the approval thereof, and there-
after he shall cause all stamped vellum, parchment, paper,
and adhesive Ptamps to be distributed and delivered to the
several collectors of internal revenue throughout the Uni-
ted Spates without prepayment therefor, sp that each of said
collectors and each of hisdeputles shall be Jkept constantly
supplied therewith ; and said collectors and deputy collect-
ors shall at nil times sell the same to parties applying there-
for at the par value thereof. And each of said collectors
shall be allowed a commission upon ail such sales not ex-
ceeding four per cent., in addition to the compefts&tion
heroin provided for other services, whicH commission shall
be deteimined by tlve Secretary of the Treasury. And all
sales of such stamped vellum, parchment, paper, or adhe-
sive stamps, after the passage of this acf, by the Commis-
sioner of internal Revenue or by any party other than such
collectors, deputy collectors, their vendors, or by those
who at that date were th,e bona fide holders thereof, is here-
by prohibited : Provided, That the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue may from time to time furnish, supply, and
deliver to any manufacturer of friction or other matches,
cigar lights, or wax tapers a suitable quantity of adhesive
or other stamps, such ad may be prescribed fur use in such
eases, without prepayment therefor,on a credit not exceed-
ing sixtv days, requiring in advance such security as lie
may judge necessary to secure payment therefor to the
Treasurer of the United States within the time prescribed
for such payment. And upon ail bonds or-other securities
taken by said Commissioner under the provisions of this
act suits may be maintained by said Treasurer in the cir-
cuit or district court of the United States in the several
districts where any of the persons .giving said bonds or
other securities reside or may he fo;yjnd,in any appropriate
form of action.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On pa°;e 211, section &ne hun-
dred and sixty-one, line eight, 1 move to strike out
the word " thereof " and to insert therefor." It
is a mere verbal amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page 218, section one hun-
dred and sixty-nine, I move to strike out all of
the section after the word " that,"in the'firstline,
down to the commencement of the stamp Sched-
ules, and to insert in lieu thereoff /
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall, Imme-
diately upon the passage of this act, deposit With theTreas-
utcr of the United States, or with the Assistant Treasurer
nearest to the place ot engraving, all stamped vellum, parch-
ment, paper, and adhesive stamps on hand and unsold,
keeping an account thereof; and all subsequent issuesof
such adhesive or other stamps shall be deposited in like
manner daily. And the Commissioner aforesaid shall de-
mand and receive from all persons employed in the pant-
ing or engraving of such new Issues sworn statements In
duplicate, showing the whole number and put value of
such new issues printed or engraved each day, one copy of
which statements shall be preserved by the said Comnris-
sioner, and the other deposited with the Fiist Comptroller
of the Treasury. And the Secretary.of the Treasury may,
from time to umejmake such further regulations as he may
find necessary to insure the sate-keeping and prevent the
illegal use of all such stamped vellum, parchjuent, paper,
and adhesive stamps.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move further to amend 4he
bill by adding the following as additional sections:
Jlnd be it further enactcd, That from and after the 1st day
ot July, 1864, the gross amount of all moneys received for
duties, taxes,chaiges, or revenue, received by virtue of the
act entitled "An actto provide internal revenue to support
the Government and to pay the interest on the public debt,"
approved July 1.186*2, or any other act io force connected
with the internal revenue,.shall be paid by the officer, col-
lector, or agent receiving the same into the Treasury of
the United States withqut any abatement or deduction on
account of salary, fees, costs, charges, expenses, or claims
of anydescitpuon whatever, any actor past of an act to the
contraty notwithstanding. <
Jlvd be it further enacted3 That so much money as may
he neces>ary lor the payment of the expenses incident to
carrying into effect the various acts connected with in-
terna! revenue which are or may be anthonzed and pay-
able alter the ls>t of July, 1864, be, and is hereby, appropri-
ated lor that purpose, payable out of any money in.the
Treas-my not otherwise appropriated, to be expended under
the direction ofthe Secretary of theTreasuiy. And lj shall
be the duty ot the collector or deputy collector of internal
revenue, u& the Seeietary may direct, to act -as disbursing
agents to pay the aforesaid e\pen>e  without incieased
compensation therefoi, who shall give good and sufficient
bonds for the faithful pcrfoimAnce of then duties as suCli
disbursing agents for.-uehsnm and hi such form as shall be
piescnhed by the i,vis>t Comptroller of the Tieasuiy, sub-
ject to the approval ot the Secietary of the Treasury: Pro-
vided, That the alorosaid appropriation shall continue in
force to the 30th day of June, 1865, and thereafter the Sec-
retary ol the Ti easuty biniii embrace in his annual estimates
the amount which,in his opinion, will be requited tor the
expenses of this branch o'l the public service.
