1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO^E.
1121
have been really no steps taken toward obtaining
it. The pernicious system of paper money has
been the only resource. The Secretary has, in-
deed, negotiated a large amount of six per cent,
stocks, but he has done it only by selling them
at sixty cents on the dollar. He is paying ten
per cent, per annum in gold for every dollar of
gold value he has received.
The Secretary with amazing effrontery informs
Congress, in his report to Congress, page 13, that
he kept steadily in view moderate interest on loans,
and congratulates himself upon his success in
that respect. Here is his language:
" Tho'cariiest negotiations were at the highest rates of
interest; for it is a distinguishing characteristic of our
financial history in this rebellion that the public credit,
which was at the lowest ebb in the months which pie-
ceded its breaking out,has steadily improved in the midst
of the terrible trials it has brought upon the country. The
first loans were negotiated at seven and thirty Imndiedths
per cent., the next nt seven, the next at six; moie recently
large sum* have been obtained at five and lour, and the
whole of the debt which is represented by United States
notes and fractional currency bears, of course, no interest."
The secession of South Carolina took p)ace De-
cember 10. Sixty days previously a $10,000,000
Federal five per cent, stock was negotiated at
one and a half per cent, premium. When events
progressed, Mr. Ghase himself was utterly unable
to negotiate any loan at any price. The capital-
ists of New York in April, 1861, offered him
#ii ety-three for a six per cent, stock, which he,
in his blindness, refused, and soon after was glad
to accept eighty-five for the same stock. He then
appealed to the capitalists for aid. The commit-
teeof the ChamberofCommerceand a committee
of the associated banks succeeded in negotiating
for Mr. Chase a loan of $9,000,000 at eighty-four
percent. In the mean time, while Mr. Chase was
iielplessly asking aid from banks, the whole peo-
ple came forwaid and poured $70,000,000 volun-
tarily into the Federal Treasury. Every State,
every county, every town gave its share to sus-
tain that Government whose credit Mr. Chase
tells us was so low. At the close of June Mr.
Chase, unable to use the credit of the Govern-
ment, was again dependent on the banks fora tem-
porary limn. \n July Congress authorized a loan
of $250,000,000, with which Mr. Chase could do
nothing until the associated banks again assem-
bled and made the loan for him.
Most true is it that the fear of the paper money
injured the public credit. It is also true that the
Secretary negotiated no loans except those for
which the banks give him gold at par, until by
the use of paper money he had depreciated the
value of the bonds to sixty per cent, on the dollar,
when they were apparently sold at .par on their
face, but really at an increasing discount. This
juggle was peiformed by paper money. The
same paper which cheats the workman outofhis
wages fills the pockets of the capitalists. It makes
the poor poorer and the rich richer. It enlists the
speculator, the jobber, and the plunderer in favor
of the war, and they gorge themselves with wealth
at the expense of the industiious many. With
the suspension of the banks forced upon them,
evidently by the design of the Secretary, the
money began to depreciate; and it was only when
that depreciation became very great that the cap-
italists bought it up to convert it into six per
cent, gold interest stock. December 1, 1861, the
Secretary sold to the banks $50,000,000 of twenty-
year six per cent, stock at eighty-nine per cent.,
or for $44,661,231 in gold, or at seven per cent,
interest per annum. In February, 1862, Con-
gress authorized $500,000,000 of six percent, gold
interest stock, into which paper money was to
have been converted, and the Secretary made
every possible effort to negotiate it, but with so
little success that in February, 1863, after the
lapse of twelve months only $25,000,000 had
been sold. Theie had, however, been issued
$250,000,000 of paper money which had depre-
ciated to such an extent that the public were
alarmed. They had received large quantities of
this paper for goods, and did not know how to
employ it. The Secretary had employed a large
number of agents to sell his stock, and these agents
represented that the stock would be paid, prin-
cipal and interest, in coin. They were then en-
abled to sell $133,000,000 in the three months end-
ing July 1, 1863.
.Now, sir, what was the coin value obtained
for that stock per $50,000,000? The average price
of gold was 145 in June, in which the largest con-
versions were made. In April and May the rate
had been higher. If we take the June average, the
gold value of the stock was 68-96 per cent.; con-
sequently the gold value of $50,000,000 stock was
$34,480,000. The price of gold fell during the
summer months, and there were comparatively
few sales of stock. The Government paper did
not, however, appreciate in respect to the values
of other commodities for reasons that will shortly
appear. In September the autumn trade was very
brisk, and large amounts of goods were sold for
paper. The bank deposits again increased largely
and flowed over into the five-twenty stock of the
Government. In the months of October and
November the Secretary sold $100,000,000, for
which he received $66,000,000 gold value. The
remainder of the loan was sold in December at
sixty-four cents gold value. If we recapitulate
these sales of stock by the Secretary we find them
to have been as follows in sums of $50,000,000:
o o >
u w to w
Thus, so far from a decreasing rate of interest,
as claimed by the Secretary, he wtis enabled to
sell the slock in no other way than by increasing
the rate of interest. The lowest rate of interest
he obtained was from the hanks, just before he
forced them to suspend. Since then the rate has
gone on constantly to increase. Now, sir, the
highest rate paid by Great Britain for money was
in 1804, at five and a half per cent.; $130,000,000
in round numbers, of a three percent, stock, was
sold for $70,000,000 in money, gold being then
eight per cent, premium. It may be here remarked
in passing, that this sale of the five-twenty stock
is a total perversion of the objects for which it
was created, and which object is sufficiently ex-
plained in section two of the law of February
25, 1862,authorizing them:
" Tlint to enable tlie Seeretaiy of the Treasury to fund
the Treasury notes and floating debt of the United States
lie is authorized," Sic., &c.
The meaning of this was to" fund" the notes;
that is, to call them in from circulation and de-
stroy them, giving the holders the six per cent,
stock in payment, thus clearing the market of a
superabundant and pernicious circulation. He
has sold all the stock and not a dollar of the notes
is " funded." The whole amount still floats at
an increasing depreciation.
The agents of the Secretary now boast that the
market will soon be in such a condition that they
can sell the ยง900,000,000 of ten-forty year stock
authorized by the act of March 3, 1863, at five
per cent, interest. Gold is now, say 175, or in
other words Government paper is at sixty-five
per cent, per dollar, which is the , price at which
the Government officers in California are com- 
pelled to sell the legal-tender money they receive
for their salaries. If the Secretary was able to
sell his stock at five per cent, to-day he would
realize, gold value, for $50,000,000 $30,000,000,
on which the gold interest would be $2,500,000,
or over eight per cent, per annum in gold. The
present inflation will go on with this object until
the five-twenty six per cent., recently sold at parT
shall bare touched 120, because that is the equiv-
alent of a five per cent, stock at par; that is, wheti
the six per cent, stock sells at 120 it gives the
same interest as a five percent, stock at 100, To
eflfeQt that gold must advance to 180, at which
price the gold value of the six per cent, five-twenr
ties at 120 currency will be 66 cents per dollar,
and the gold value of five per cent, ten-forties at
par currency will he 55 cents per dollar, at which
rate the Secretary will be borrowing at nine per
cent, per annum in gold. I have in these calcu-
lations assumed that the five-twenties were nego-
tiable at par for United States notes, which, how-
ever, is not the case. The Secretary ]s agents and
their friends have received a commission deducted
from the proceeds of the loans of three eighths of
one per cent, for a rate which on the negotiation
of $470,000,000 amounts to $1,762,500, which
is the sum of the discount for which the bonds
were sold for paper, and very large sums of the
five-twenties are reported held by the speculative
agents to realize the profit expected from the in-
flation which is to prepare the market for a five
per cent, stock at paper par. On $50,000,000 of
stock so held $10,000,000 of profit may be real-
ized, in order to juggle the public into the belief
that they are borrowing cheaper, when, in fact,
they are paying more. The same agents look
to a similar commission on the ten-forties on the
sum authorized. This will amount to $3,375,000.
THE METALS AS A STANDARD OF VALTJE.
One of the most simple as well as the most
ancient, machines for facilitating commerce and in-
dustry, is money of itself, yet it has been more
mystified and made the instrument of more frauds
upon the people than perhaps any other human
contrivance. The use of money, and of gold and
of silver as the material for money, appears from
all history, sacred and profane, to have been fa-
miliar to the most ancient nations of the world,
and yet down to very recent times a system of
barter trade has been maintained in many coun-
tries of Europe. It is obvious that as soon as
mankind by the operations of industry had pro-
duced a variety of commodities that their desire
to exchange them with each other manifested itself
almost simultaneously. To exchange one com-
modity for another, or several for one, was a la-
borious and inconvenient system, and mankind
seems by common consent to have referred all
articles to one standard of exchange, namely, the
precious metals. Those metals were eminently
fitted for the office of a standard, because they are
compact in form,are lessliable to deteriorate than
some others, and are less liable to fluctuate in sup-
ply, but the most important of all was the fact
that they are most widely recognized among na-
tions as a currency. This fact imparts to them a
large partof their value. It is estimated by M.
Chevalier, and other eminent writers upon the
subject, that the quantity of gold used as a cur-
rency by modern nations is 23,308,742 pounds
weight. Suppose all nations should abandon the
use of that metal as a currency, what would be
its value? What would become of the industry
of California and Australia? But all nations de-
mand gold for a currency; it is a labor-saving
machine with which they cannot dispense; con-
sequently, all the industry of all nations is at the
service of the possessor of gold.
When the metals became recognized as a me-
dium all transactions were for certain quantities
of pure gold and silver. It became necessary then
for every man to weigh the gold he received and
to be able to test its fineness. The early years
of California mining was an illustration of this.
Every man had his bag of gold dust and his
scales. The next improvement was coining. This
is nothing more than to prepare the metals m
pieces suitable to handle and stamp on them the
weight tind fineness, so that each man recognizes
