1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Howard.
Senate.
And now, whatis the proof of unfair interference
in Maryland? These are the alleged oases. The
first is Colonel Tevis's proclamation, from which
I will read a word; for I wish to show with what
ingenuity the Senator from Kentucky has slurred
over a most important fact connected with this
order.
Mr. POWELL. I "slurred" it over by put-
ting the whole order in my speech; every line of it
is there.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; but the fact of its
instant suppression is 'not given. This colonel
issued the following proclamation at Chestertown,
Maryland, on the 3u of November:
Headquarters Third Maryland Cavalry,
Chestertown, November 3, 1863.
Whereas the President of the United States, in leply to
a letter addtessod to htm by Hon. Thomas Swann, of Bal-
timore city, has stated that all loyal qualified votersshould
have a light to vote, it theiefore becomes every truly loyal
citizen to avail himself of the present opportunity offered
to place himself honorably upon the record or poll-book at
the appioachntg election, by giving a lull and aident sup-
pojtto the whole Government ticket, upon theplatloim
adopted by the Union League convention. None other is
lecogiiized by the Fedeial authouties as loyal or worthy of
the suppoit of any one who desiics thu peace and lestora-
tion ot this Union.
CHARLES CALIROLL TEVIS,
Lieutenant Colonel Commanding.
I am not certain but Tevis was correct in his
ideas; butit is certain he had no sort of authority
from General Schenck or any other military
source for issuing such an order. And it was dis-
approved as soon as known, and on the same day
of its date. Only about fifty copics were ever cir-
culated, as th^report shows; and on the day of
its issue Tevis himself was arrested by his su-
perior officer for thus transcending his authority.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky appears
to be blind to these important facts.
The second case presented by the Senator is a
statement made by a certain Thomas Sadler, not
that any one had been prevented from voting-, but
that the sergeant at the poll told him that before
General Schenck's order was received at hiscamp
he had received orders from his superiorofficer—
" To challenge every vot^r, to examine ali tickets offered,
to administer the oath contained in Order No. 53, and to
decline to allow any ticket but the yellow or Creswell ticket
to be polled."
There is no proof that any attempt was made
to carry out this subordinate order, and it is en-
titled to no weightas evidence except as showing
that the author transcended his duty in issuing it.
The third case put by the Senator is the state-
ment of Cyrus L. .Tones. Jones says:
" f called the attention of my brother judges, paying,
'Theie will he a hereafter to tins.' The seigeant then
guai ded the window through which the ballots wei e handed
in to be put in the ballot-box with soldiers, took his place
at the window, and rejected all who would not vote the
yellow orCieswell ticket. Hedidnotpermitaslngleticket
of any other description to be polled, although I saw two
men make several attempts, at different times during the
day, to vote a ticket with Mr. Crisfield's name on it, and
many other men were intimidated ft om offering to vote."
This statement contains no reason for'the re-
jection. It might have been because the pe^ons
offenng to vote were notorious rebels, or had al-
ready voted, or had refused to take the oath, or
were not qualified voters. It is, like the rest, an
ex parte statement.
The fourth instance is the statement of Mr. J.
H. Tarr that he offered to affirm to the conditions
of the oath as prescribed; that this was refused,
and he was ordered from the polls, and left with-
out voting. This statement is evasive, and plainly
omits to set forth the whole truth. He asked the
sergeant to define loyalty, showing that he was
at the polls merely bantering with the ofiicefand
uselessly consuming time, and hence driven off.
The fifth case is the statement of one Charles
Cole, that a certain man of the name of Wachter
was kicked and driven away from the poll; and
he furnishes to the Governor a certificate signed
by Mr. Wachter in support of his statement; but
Mr. Wachter himself in his certificate does not
say a word about the kicking or being pushed
away from the polls; so that I take it for granted
this part ofCole's statement is his own invention;
for it must be presumed that if Wachter had been
kicked or pushed from the polls as Cole asserts,
he himself would have made the statement in this
certificate.
The sixth is the statement of one of the judges
NEW SERIES—No. *7.
of election, that a Mr. Davis, though willing to
take the oath, was ordered to be arrested at the
polls, and left without voting; and that another
man at the same poll was induced not to vote by
a th reat of the officer to take the ballot-box from
the judges in case they permitted it.
Mr. President, these are allea> parte statements.
I will not say that they are ali untrue; it is suffi-
cient for my purpose that they are ex parte state-
ments, and made without a cross-examination or
any opportunity for the parties interested on the
opposite side to be present and elicit the whole
truth. They are, for the most part, the state-
ments of heated, disappointed partisans. And
what do these six cases of alleged abuse prove?
Only this, that in a few, a very few, instances the
power of the military was perhaps misused, but
leaving it quite uncertain whether it was misused
at all.
The Senator alleges that the judges were pre-
vented from executing the laws. In many cases,
he says, they were imprisoned. Let me say,
with the utmost personal respect for that Senator,
that I have discovered no'case,from the*beginning
to the end of this vast amount of written testi-
mony, which shows or conduces to show that
the judges of election were pievented in any case
from executing the laws. If there be any such
case, I hope the honorable Senator will be able to
lay it before the Senate. There are but two cases
in which the judges of election were arrested; the
one the case in Kentucky, which I have men-
tioned, where the judges of election openly and
contemptuously refused to recognize the military
authority and to execute the orders, and were
therefore placed under arrest; the other, of whi.h
I shall soon speak moie particularly, in Mary-
land.
In no case, sir, were the judges prevented from
holding the election; in no case were they im-
prisoned until they had plainly violated the mili-
tary order to which they justly owed obedience.
The two leading incidents of the election in
Maryland were, first, the arrest of certain parties
in Kent county, on the Eastern Shore, who had
been prosecuting certain persons employed by the
Government in enlisting slaves under the act of
1862, and second, the proceedings at Princess
Anne, in Somei set county. Perhaps the most suc-
cinct account of the former is to be found in the
report itself.
Jt is thus narrated by the committee:
" On October 31, 18G3, Mr. B. II Gardner complained in
writing to Colonel Piatt that he had been indicted and held
to bail in $3,000 for enlisting negroosfor the United States,
called in the indictment ' abducting slavesand that 'the
principal actors in the affair were James B. ltieaud, can-
didate lor the State Senate, George Vickers, sr., Je*-e H.
Hines, David A. Benjamin, Colonel Edwaid Wilkins,
William P. Fiaucis, Thomas Baker, John D.Todd,Geoige
B. Westcott, Samuel VV. Spence, and Charles Stanly.5
"On this complaint an order was made on the 1st of
November, 1863, as follows: 1 Colonel Tevis will arrest the
above-named men and send them to these headquaiters.'
"It was well known that the judge of that district is a
violent secessionist, who had lepeatedly prostituted the
power of the judiciaiy into an instrument for the prosecu-
tion of loyal men; he had caused the indictment of Gen-
em! II. II. GoUHbotough, for ariesting cettaiu traitors,
though he did not dare actually to incaiceiate him on his
indictment; and for that and other outrages he had been
attested and sent to Fort Warren, when he was icleased
by a mistaken clemency amounting to infatuation ; and he
signalized his return to the bench by a lenewal ol his evil
practices, till the public indignation has lately compelled
him to resign bis judicial position.
" Of course it was not to be ex pcctcd that the TTn ited States
would allow a disloyal judge to pervert the judicial raa-
ehmeiy of the State to annul the law allowing slaves to
volunteer; and the ouler tor the arrest or' the patties im-
plicated was given.
" When Colonel Tevis arrived'in Kent county"—
This was just before the election; I think on
the 1st of November or the last of October—
uhe learned that Medlers, Perkins, and Fisher, had been
also concctiird in this pio«ocutior>, and they were aNo ar-
rested foi that cau^e. Ail who wcic aircsted weie sent to
Baltimore on the 3d of November.
"Mi. Geoige Vickers had alr-o written an article, pub-
lished m the Kent News, on tlnx ofith and 31st of October,
inciting the people to lesist by foice the enlistment of
slaves, and the publisher ot that paper was arretted with
Vifket-?.
" Now, to cite these airc&ts as the commencement of
military interfWence with the election,"—
Arrests which took place before the election,
and had nothing whatever to do with it—
k* and to suppress the sufficient and wholly different causes
tor the aire-st, evinces a want of that candor which should
characterise an executive communication. Other proof
than a mere innuendo must connect them with tlk6 ejec-
tions." * * * * * * * * *
" So soon as this proclamation was known In Baltimore*
the use which would be made of it to connect it with the
arrests and to assail the integrity of the election was seen,
aud it was instantly disapproved'by t!)e general, Colonel
levis ordered to be arrested, and the persons who were
candidates were at once returned to Kent by steamer, oa
the night of tiie 3d of November, and they aruved early on
the 4th, the day ot election.
"Mr. Ricaud now sits in the Stale Senate*from that
county. They were returned, after disclaiming any share
in the prosecution of Gaidner, but on parole to appear for
further investigation."
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me
to aslc him one question, and that is where he
gets the proof that there were but fifty copies of
that proclamation circulated?
Mr. HOWARD. It is stated in the report.
Mr. POWELL. It certainly was not in the
pamphlet containing the Governor's message,
which was the only document I thought the com-
mittee had before them. I have heard of no other
evidence.
Mr. HOWARD. The other case is the alleged
arrest of the judges of election at the poll held at
Princess Afme, in Somerset county, by Captain
C. C. Moore, and the prevention by him of Ar-
thur Crisfield from voting. This transaction ap-
pears to have given rise to much clamor. It was
alleged that Captain Moore had wantonly ar-
rested the judges of election, and broken it up,
and that he had willfully prevented young Cris-
field, the son of Mr. Crisfield, a candidate for Con-
gress from that district, from voting. So great
was the disturbance of the public mind occasioned
by the complaints against Captain Moore that
the President of the United States at once, upon
application made to him, issued an order for the
arrest and trial of Captain Moore by a military
commission. The matter assumed the more im-
portance from the fact that Mr. Crisfield openly
alleged that he had been defrauded of a seat in
Congress by reason of illegal military interfer-
ence in the district, and chiefly at Princess Anne,
in Somerset county.
The case underwent a judicial investigation, and
I shall best subserve the cause of truth by laying
before the Senate the order of the President of the
United States directing that investigation and the
result of the investigation. The President issued
the following order:
" Major General Schenck will put on trial before a mili-
tary commission Capt.iin Moore, mentioned within, for
having transcended General Order No. 53, in arresting the
judges of elections, and for having hindered Arthur Cris-
field liom votin?, notwithstanding his willingness to take
the oath in said order prescribed. Let Hon. John W. Cris-
field be notified of time and place, and witnesses, named
by him a* well as by Captain Moore, be examined. Let
time and place be reasonably convenient to witnesses, and
full recotd kept and preserved."
Captain Moore was brought to trial upon the
charges here specified. Both parties, under the
order of the President, wwe enabled to produce
their witnesses, and the whole subject underwent
a most thorough, patient, and exhausting exam-
ination before an intelligent and impartial military
board; and that board came to the following con-
clusions, which they thus announce in the report
of their proceedings to the President:
"After a careful consideration of this evidence, the com-
mission is of an opinion that the closing of the poll? by the
judges preceded their arrest; and whatever may have been
the reason given by Captain Moore, the fact remains that
it was not judges he seized, but citizens who had aban-
doned their posts as officers. Jf any doubt remains, that
doubt is removed by their formal announcement made at
the time, and subsequently rcduced to wiiting, &worn to,
and published, that they could not and would not conduct
the election in accordance withGencral Order No. 53. The
commission therefoie finds:
1. That Captain C. C. Moore is not guilty of transcend-
ing Gcncial Older No. 53, in the aircst of James M. Dry-
deu, John C. Pints, and Thomas II. ^i.-hl'r.'',
Who were the judges of election.
"2. That Captain C. C. Moore is not guilty of hindering
Aithm Cn^fickt from voting while willing to take the oath
ot allegiance."
The whole proceeding1, therefore, resulted in
this: the officer against whom so much complaint
has been made, upon whose name has been heaped
so much calumny here and elsewhere, was found
guiltless of the charges preferred against him, and
to have acted in strict pursuance of his duty.
I read further from the report of the committee
on the subject of the Maryland election:
" The Governor of Maryland lias dealt In very general
abuse of the officers charged with its execution, and numer
