2702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
~ Jlnd 6c it further enacted, That all moneysnow directed
byla'wto be paid to tiie Commissioner oflnternai Revenue
shall, from and after the Jst of July, 1864, be paid into the
Treasury of the United States, the party making such pay-
ment taking a certificate therefor, which certificate shall
state the name of the depositor and on what specific ac-
count the deposit was made. The certificate of deposit,
when transmitted to and received by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, shall he considered a compliance with
the law requiring payment to be made to such Commis-
sioner, any act or part of an act to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Some of these amend-
ments seem to be very elaborate, and it is impos-
sible to tell their effect from merely hearing them
read. I think it is due to the Senate that the gen-
tlemen who present them should make a very
brief statemeni of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN.. Do you mean the one
just read ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have noticed several
proposed by tiie Senator from Wisconsin to the
bill. My purpose merely is to suggest that a brief
explanation ought to be made of the effect of the
amendments. Of course 1 do not want a discus-
sion upon them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will tell the Senator
what all these amendments mean.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is what I want to
know.
Mr. PESSENDEN. We came to the conclu-
sion, and the Secretary of the Treasury came to
the same conclusion, that the system which has
heretofore prevailed of making the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue an officer who received large
sums of money and disbursed large sums of money
ought to be abandoned, and we should make him
merely an executive officer, and disconnect him
entirely with all that matter, as other officers of
the Government of a similar description are, and
therefore we had to make a great many amend-
ments to the bill to accomplish that object. The
last amendment,]the Senator will notice, provides
for the payment of all this money into the Treas-
ury of the United States, and that the.payments
out of it shall be made by draft in the ordinary
form. With the exception of a few verbal amend-
ments, the other amendments that have been
adopted on the motion of the honorable Senator
ft-pm Wisconsin, who was charged by the com-
mittee with the duty of examining the bill thor-
oughly to see\yhere it should be altered, were the
necessary alterations to carry that improved sys-
tem into effect.
The amendment was agreed t$.
Mi-. HOWE, I wish now to move an amend-
ment upon my own responsibility, and then !
will yield the floor. On page 49, section forty-
three, line one, after the,word "that" to strike
out the words "the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, subjoct to regulations prescribed by,"
in line four, after the word " Treasury" to strike
out the words "shall be, and;" and after the
word " authorized" in the same line to strike out
the words " on appeal to him made, to remit, re-
fund 4 and pay back all duties erroneously or il-
legally assessed or collected, and all duties that
shall appear to be unjustly assessed or excessive
in amount, or in any manner wrongfully col-
lected, and also," and to insert the word "to;"
so that tiie section will read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby author-
ized to repay to collectors or deputy collectors the full
amount of such sums ot money as shall ot may be recov-
ered against them or any of them in any court, for any in-
ternal duties or liaenses collected by them, with the eo*ts
and expenses of suit, and nil damages amicowts recovered
against assessors, assistant assessors, collectors, deputy
collectors, and inspectors, in any suit which shall he brought
against- them or any of them by reason of anything that
shall or may be done in the due performance of their offi-
cial duties, arid also coinpioimsc such suits and ail others
relating to internal revenue.
Perhaps I ought to say a word in explanation
of this amendment. The amendments winch the
Senate has already agreed to have made a very
essential change in the character of this bill. As
the bill.stood originally this whole revenue was
placed under the control of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, it was not only in his cus-
tody, but it was subject to his disposition. He
audited the accounts and claims, and i do not
know that there was any limitation to his author-
ity to charge that fund with expenditures. He
procured tiie printing of the stamps provided for
the purpose of coliectinga part of this revenue.
He contracts for them as a matter of fact. The
law gave him no directions whatever.
It has charged him with the duty of providing
revenue stamps, but did not tell him how to do
it, gave him no directions, no instructions, and
imposed upon him no limitations; so that as a
matter of practice, I understand, he contracts with
competent engravers to furnish the Government
with stamps, and they keep on hand enough to
supply the Government. Stamps are like money
in one respect, and in another respect they are a
mere article of merchandise, because the lawau-,
thorizes the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
to sell them at a discount, to put them into the
market and sell them by wholesale at a discount,
and, they are retailed at the price fixed bylaw; so
that it was impossible upon that system of doing
business for the Commissioner or for anybody
else to know whether the amount of stamps afloat
in the community was one million or one hundred
million dollars. There was no possibility of his
knowing anything about it.
The amendments which the Senate has already
agreed to have provided that all the revenues col-
lected under this bill shall be paid by the collect-
ing agents just as the revenues derived from cus-
toms are paid into the Treasury of the United
States, and being in the Treasury of the United
States, they are under the same protection that
the revenues derived from customs are, and can
be only paid out upon appropriation; and every
such payment is to be audited and adjusted here-
after as other payments have been heretofore.
They provide also for placing these stamps under
some restriction. That they are adequate for the
protection of the Treasury 1 do not undertake to
say. They afford some security, whereas before
we had none.
There is one very essential advantage, I think,
gained by these changes. The law as itstood,in
addition to allowing the Commissioner to sell these
stamps to everybody who would buy in sums of
fifty dollars and upwards at adiscountof five per
cent., allowed him to sell such stamps as are re-
quired by the owners and proprietors of medi-
cines at a discount of ten per cent., and then al-
lowed him to select depositories wherever he
chooses to do so, and to deposit with them these
stamps without prepayment, and to allow them
the highest rate of commission, which is ten per
cent, for selling, taking of them a bond to pay
over the proceeds once a month. By these amend-
ments your stamps are disposed of by collectors.
They are deposited with the collectors and their
deputies throughout the whole country,and they
are disposed of upon commission, never to ex-
ceed four per cent, in any case; and you have all
thes$ collectors and their deputies as their guard-
ians. They are made the exclusive vendors of
the stamps; they are made the guardians of this
part of the revenue, and have an interest in watch-
ing over it and allowing no competitors in the
work of selling stamps; so that 1 think this rev-
enue is, by the amendments already adopted,
placed in a more safe position than it was before.
But still there is one power given to the Com-
missioner oflnternai Revenue in the section which
I am now proposing to amend, which, itaeems to
me, if the Senate adhere to it, makes all the
amendments you have agreed to entirely futile
and useless; for I conceive that this section in the
very words which I have proposed to strike out
still gives the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
unlimited and unrestricted authority over this
whole revenue, all that part of it, at least, that is
not derived from stamps; because it will be no-
ticed that the words which I propose to strikeout
authorize the Commissioner oflnternai Revenue—
under regulations to be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, to be sure—
On appeal lo liim made, to remit, refund, and pay hack
all duties wrroneou^Iy or illegally assessed or collected, and
all duties that shall appeal to be unjustly assessed or ex
cessive in amount, or in any manner wrongfully collected.
On appeal made to him, the Commissioner is
authorized and empowered to remitand payback
to any man and every man just such part or tiie
whole of ins tax as he sees fit. This is on appeal
to him, it is said; but it will be understood that
this is not an appeal brought up to him regularly;
it is an ex parte application made to him. It'is
heard on just such a case as the party sees fit to
make up, subject, of course, always to the vigi-
lance and integrity of the Commissioner of in-
ternal Revenue.
The present law provides that these different
kinds of taxes shall be assessed by the assistant
assessors. It gives to every man assessed a right
to appeal to the assessor. It gives also to the
Government the right to appeal to the assessor
from the work of the assistant assessor. It is a
qualified and quasi appeal that the Government
has, and it is only to he exercised in certain cases.
If an individual makes a return of the property
he has to be assessed under oath, and the assist-
ant assessor or the assessor is not satisfied with
it, if he thinks it is not true, he may have a re-
hearing and investigation of it; he takes proof,
examines witnesses, looks into papers,A)ooks,and
all tjiat on the subject of inquiry makes up the
case, and if he judges the return to be untrue, then
he imposes an additional tax, and the individual
assessed can appeal also to the assessor, but the
judgment of the assessor is final. After he has
pronounced upon the sum that ought to be paid
there is no furtherappeal. Then the warrant goes
to the collector, and he is' told the precise amount
of money for him to collect of every individual/
He collects it and it is paid into the Treasury.
But when it gets to the Treasury, this provision
which I propose to strike out tells any and every
individual,44 Let those papers, that evidence, that
proof, remain with the assessor, but make your
own application to the Commissioner; he has au-
thority to remit any part of the tax that, he sees
fit." As I said before, if you give him that au-
thority you will never know whether you have
$10,000,000 in the Treasury belonging to you or
$100,000; you will never know to whom the
money in the Treasury belongs. It is for the
Commissioner to tell you how much is yours and
how much belongs to these individuals, and it is
a power substantially in the Commissioner to ad-
just the taxation'of every individual who is sub-
ject to taxation. I do not know of anything more
dangerous than it is.
But now it is said that this authority must bo
somewhere, and it is said furthermore that it will
not do to have this authority final in assistantas-
sessor or in the assessor; I put it to the judgment
of every Senator if it be not better made final with
the assessor than with the Commissioner. The
assessor is nearer the residence, the locality, of
the person assessed. He has better opportuni-
ties of getting evidence, of examining the evidence
in the case. He is, likely to be as uninfluenced
as the Commissioner, and is likely to be as un-
prejudiced as the Commissioner. Then he acts in
the very community, where the applicant lives,
that is, in the very region, and the result of his
action is going to be known. If he is perjuied,
if he is bribed, if he is dishonest, corrupt, or weak,
and he remits theamount of this man's tax, it is
known to the community. Then the collector
knows how much the man pays. He makes it
known to his neighbors, and the neighbors know
whether he pays a less tax than those living about
him. But when he makes an application to get
a part of the tax he has paid out of the Treasury
of the United States nobody knows anything
about it.
It does seem to me that the only party who is
ever going to be wronged in the assessment of
these taxes is the Government. Individuals can-
not bo wronged. The power exists in the as-
sistant assessor to do wrong, but he must do it
willfully. In the first place, there is the oath of
the party. Every man can limit the amount of
his own tax by his own oath under this bill, un-
less his statement can be impcached by proof.
When an individual goes to theassistantassessor
with the schedule of the property that ought to
be assessed and swears that that is true, the as-
sistant assessor must take that as true unless he
can impeach it upon proof. If he can find evi-
dence that it is not true and submits that evidence •
to the assessor, the assessor may impose a higher
tax. When the individual will not swear to his
property, then the assistant assessor is directed
by the law to get at the best estimate he can of the
amount of property to be taxed, and to add a cer-
tain penalty, a certain percentage to it. It ia
meant to doom the man to pay an extravagant
tax for refusing to make an exhibit of his prop-
erty. In that case he may be injured, but it is
lus own fault, because he ought to have presented
his schedule himself and sworn to it, giving this
evidence himself. Therefore I see no probabil-
ity, scarcely a possibility, for a man who is will-
ing to pay an honest tax and will make an honest
