1726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
the quantity and value as right. It was requisite
that the highest faith should be reposed in the
marks affixed to the stamped pieces, and the sole
power to make them was conferred upon the Gov-
ernment. At this point steps in mystification and
fraud. No Government has ever been honest in
this respect. All of them have from time to time
diminished the quantity and quality of the metals,
thus defrauding the recipients, leading to uncer-
tainty in traffic and rise in prices, because if there
■was less metal than was originally stipulated less
goods would be forthcoming. In the Roman re-
public the as was the chief coin; it was simply
one pound weight of pure copper, but was grad-
ually reduced to one third of that weight. When
the Roman arms subjugated surrounding nations,
particularly southern States, gold and silver be-
camp abundant, and the imperial city concentrated
the metallic wealth of the world. The relative
value of gold to silver was then one to fifteen, or
one ounce of pure gold was worth fifteen ounces
of pure silver. With the fall of the Roman em-
pire Great Britain and the nations of western En-
rope developed their industry and drew to them
the metals before concentrated at Rome. The in-
crease of traffic and industry demanded contin-
ually larger supplies of the metals, and the mineis
did not adequately answer this demand; hence
money grew scarce. The crusades had carried
off a large portion of wliathad ciiculatcd, and the
payment of taxes became very difficult. In Great
Britain this fact facilitated the emancipation of
born slaves on the great manors. Each prince
in succession sold some of his born slaves, down
to Glucen Elizabeth, who finally sold freedom to
all the slaves born on her manor.
During this period of straitened finances tam-
pering with the currency was a favorite resource.
At the Onto of the Conquest a pound in money
meant a pound weight of pure silver which was
coined into twenty pieces called shillings. Dar-
ing the seven hundred and fifty succeeding years
the weight of the shilling was reduced until sixty-
six were made out of a pound of metal. If this
reduction had taken place in a lifetime the man
who was to receive two hundred shillings instead
of getting ten pounds' weight of silver would have
been compelled to take three pounds. Gold
fared no better. Under Edwaid III, one ounce
of gold was coined into twenty-one shillings.
There were twenty-four successive reductions of
the amount of metal in the coin until the ounce
was coined into seventy-eight shillings. In Scot-
land the reduction was to one fortieth of the ori-
ginal weight; in France to one seventy-second of
its original weight. These Government frauds
were all committed foi the profit of the Crown
exchequer. The weight of com that came into
the treasury for perhaps «£j,000 was lecoined se-
cretly and paid out for perhaps <£1,200. The
fraud would be fust discoveied in the foteign
trade. These were the practices of nations not
yet acquainted with the use of pap*>r as money.
The moment a Ct own minister could make money
by a punting ptess at will, there was no neces-
sity for reducing the intiinsic value of coins or
raising their nominal value. This system of
making a less quantity of the precious metals
seive for the same put poses that before required
larger ones operated only against the creditor in-
terest in the country which practiced it, so that
debased money would not be taken by foreign
merchants at the same value. Many nations
went fuither and substituted copper and adulter-
ated coins having some intrinsic value but far
below the nominal value.
PAPKB. MONEY.
I'he next step was the introduction of paper
money without any intrinsic value whatever.
This has been the source of the most fiightful
evils in most countries of Europe. It has given
rise to more discussion than must other elements
of human industry; and this because the public
do not locognize the difference between a useful
and valuable piomise that represents an actual
commodityand a promise which represents noth-
ing hut expense. The former is a very useful,
nay, indispensable aid to commerce and industry;
the latter is the most pernicious ftaud that can be
piaetiotd upon a people. So deep, widespread,
and disastrous are its ."Ifecls that the utterance of
it by Goveinim nt should be held to be thelugh-
est crime that can be committed against a nation.
It is now seven hundred years since the Bank of
Venice, originating like most banks in a forced
Government loan, commenced dealing in bills of
exchange. A bill of exchange is simply an or-
der to pay to the holder of it a sum of money in
the possession of the person to whom it is ad-
dressed. Before the invention of these bills a
merchant who sold his goods in one city was
obliged to transport thence the proceeds in coin
to some other city where he wished to make pur-
chases. The merchant of Venice who sold his
wares in Genoa, and wished to buy other com-
modities in Leghorn, was compelled to transport
thither the gold, the proceeds ofhis sale in Genoa,
while at the same time some other merchant was
making the reverse operation. Naturally, it oc-
curred to the first to sell to the second an order
on Genoa for the money, and he bought at the
same time an order for money in Leghorn. All
hazardous transportation of money was thus
saved. This was a great invention, and gave a
great impetus to the commerce of the woi Id. The
bills were usually drawn at a certain nuniber of
days' sight. The power of Venice and its bank
reached vast proportions in 1493. The bank
never suspended until 1797, when it perished with
the republtcunder the blowsof Napoleon. That
long career of six hundred and twenty-five years
was due to the fact that the bank nevei dealt in
or issued false paper. All the bills that passed
through it represented actual commodities, and
were canceled with the proceeds of those com-
modities. The bill of exchange having once an
established usage, it received many new applica-
tions. It was adapted to internal trade, and be-
came the medium by which much produce was
purchased and sent to market, each bill being
accompanied by the produce, the sale of which
was to pay and dischatge the bill, which was
dtawn at thirty or sixty days' sight, to allow
time for the saie of the goods. This was also a
vast labor-saving machine, and became the sub-
stitute for a large amount of money previously
used m internal trade.
The next step m this direction was to issue
paper payable on demand, to circulate as money
in the puicluise of produce. This was another
and eminently sensible invention when honestly
administeied. Its chief fault is that it is too easily
abused, and it then becomes in the last degree in-
jurious. The principle maybe briefly illustrated
thus: a drover about to .start on a cattle-buying
expedition goes to a bank, diaws his bill of ex-
change payable m New Yoik in sixty days for
§1,000. He receives the amount in bank notes,
travels through the countiy paying out the notes
in the purchase of cattle. These are then (hiven
to the city, where they arc sold for money with
which the sixty-day bill is paid; that bill has
then done its woikand has gone out of existence.
Meantime the bank notes received by the farm-
ers and graziers have by them been paid into
stores for supplies ofall kinds, which supplies had
previously been puichased by the storekeepers in
New York for their notes. The storekeeper
having thus gathered the bank notes, take them
back to the bank that issued them and received
for them the drover's bill of exchange. The
bank has thus paid out its notes for the bill, and
has got them back for the bill. The notes hav-
ing perfoimcd their office as money, have retired
into the bosom of the bank that issued them to
await a new operation. The storekeeper sends
the bill to New Yoik to his creditor, who gets
paid at the hands of the drover. Thus merchan-
dise has been sent to the country for consump-
tion, and cattle have been bought up and sent_to
the city in payment by means of these descrip-
tions of paper, namely, the storekeepers' notes,
the drover's bill, and the bank notes, each and
all of which weie called into existence by the
commodities they represented, and all ofthem
went out of existence with the consumption of
those commodities.
These arc the natural and eminently useful
functions of paper bills and money. When skill-
fully administeied, the quantity m circulation rises
and falls in exact propoi tion to the productive in-
dustry of the section or country where they are
used, and always with perfect safety. Theie can
be no possible limit fixed to the amount of money
or paper required. The opeiations of trade alone
can indicate it. The statesman or politician or
writer that undertakes to "regulate currency" or
determine the amount required, or to lay down
rules for its guidance, is unmistakably a knave
or fool. If the issuer of paper is skillful and hon-
est, no security whatever is required. If he is
neither one nor the other, no amount of security
will make his operations safe. The circulation
of New England is probably the best in the world.
It is not secured upon any pledge of stocks, but
rests on the production of the section. Every
dollar paid out must represent industrial wealth,
because it flies in the currents of trade directly to
Boston where it must be redeemed atsight, and the
commodities for which it was issued must be there
to meet it. The five hundred banks in that sec-
tion issue $45,000,000 of notes, and these as soon
as uttered begin to move to the common center
where their value is tested by prompt redemption
in specie. The uniformity with the constitutional
currency is absolute. Every great city is the
center of a similar financial system, and their cen-
ters are connected by bills of exchange on a specie
level, and the volume of all the circulation is reg-
ulated with perfect accuracy by the foreign ex-
changes.
When the volume of the national currency is
too full prices rise. This fact attracts goods from
abroad and checks the exports of pioduce. It
then happens that the increased imports cause a
demand for specie. This is felt at each business
center. Exports being less, all well-regulated
banks issue less notes, because the movement of
produce is diminished. Settlements in specie take
place, and the metals are exported until the cur-
rency has reached its proper level. This is ef-
fected by trade alone.
The amountof paper currency in Great Britain
is estimated at <£40,000,000 or $200,000,000, of
which $100,000,000 are legal-tender or Bank of
England notes, and the whole are based on
<£20,000,000 of gold and silver, of which, on an
aveiage, <£14,500,000 are held by the Bank of
England, «£;25500,000 by the Scotch, and a like
amount by the liish banks, making a total of cir-
culation, gold and paper included, of only about
$300,000,000. The issues of the Bank oi England
are limited to e£l4,000,000. That institution can-
not exceed this sum. The bank must pay notes
for specie or specie for notes whenever either is
demanded. It has no control over the amountof
circulation whatever. The whole is left to the
action of trade. All the bank can do is to charge
more or less interest according to the demand for
money.
Fiom what has been said it is self-evident that
legitimate paper money is in no shape capital.
It is the mere sign that capital is moving to market.
The volume of this sign will be in exact propor-
tion to the quantity of capital moving. Now, it
is equally apparent that if a bank undertakes to
issue notes for any other purpose than to move
commodities itcommits a fraud. If, forinstance,
it had lent the drover $1,000 to speculate in lands
or improve his farm, and he paid out the notes,
they would soon return upon the bank for pay-
ment and it would have nothing to give. It could
get nothing fiorn the drover until his speculation
was successfully matured. Meantime the bank
must pay specie. If it has not the means it fails.
Its loan to the drover was fictitious. It lent him
a credit which it must meet from capital, because
the drover's obligation does not represent capital
moving to market.
When a Go\ernment undertakes to issue paper
it represents an expense only. There is nothing
behind it which it icpresents and which will can-
cel it. A hundred millions in paper notes are
paid out to troops and cieditors. They fill the
channels of business but represent nothing which
is to juduem them. They have, so to speak, no
home. There is nothmgto take them back to the
Treasury, and more are continually issued to
meet new expenses. The notes will not leave the
country,because they have notthat faculty which
attaches to the precious metals of being univer-
sally acknowledged as currency. They necessa-
rily depreciate m value from superabundance.
The over supply of the currency causes prices to
rise, and the metallicparttfows off, without, how-
ever, effecting a remedy, because the Treasury
continues to pom foith Us flood of paper.
The law of finance is, however, irresistible; if
it cannot diminish the volume of the currency by
