"98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 5_,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Democracy of Kentucky, &c.—Mr, Anderson
Ho. of Reps.
ous complaints are appended to his message in proof of his
imputations.
'-lint for these proofs we might have feared there was
some foundation lor the complaints; but the slightest in-
spection of those papers discredits them, and official docu-
ments disprove them.
" We take the trouble to make a brief analysis of them,
so that the accusation shall fail by the confessions of the
accusers as well as the authentic history of the occur-
rences.
•' Th<*reare in Mai ylaud twenty-one counties and the city
of Baltimore, the latter containing one third of the people
of tne State.
u No illegal act is complained of by the Governor in the
city of Baltimore} or in sixteen of the twenty-one comi-
ties.
In one of the counties in which the election is pro-
nounced void — Ftederick— no candidate opposed Mr.
Thomas for Congress; he received 3,987 votes, Mr.Golds-
botouyh received 3,983 votes, and his competitor, Mr. Maf-
ttt, got 751 votes.
'• The objection to this election is confined to one voting
place.
At that place one person instated to have been com-
pelled to cast a ballot against his will.
"The per-ou who state-; this affirms that the votes ot loyal
voters were refused because they would not take the oath
prescribed by Gcncial Hchenck.
'• But lie ul>o says, ' Vour pioclaination to the citizens
and election judges of our State did not seem to be moie
regarded by the election judges at theii polls than iJ itiiad
never been issued.'
u So it tvas the judges of election, who, the Governor
tells us, aie the sole judges of the law, who thought his
proclamation was not law, and who thought u was legal to
require an oath as the test of citizenship.
" Does one vote m one preemct in one county seriously
compromise the seatot Mr. Thomas?
" Ever) other complaint is confined to the fir t distnet,
and to four only of the eight eounue* composing it; and so
futile is the case made against those counties that the Gov-
ernor disclosed his sense of its weakness by the significant
remark: 'In the statements and certificates which have
been torwiuded to me from different counties in that con-
gressional district, X have been furnished, f presume, with
an account of part only of the outrages to wliiclf their cit-
izens were subject.'"
1 will also read tin extract from another docu-
ment 1 hold in my hand respecting the same elec-
tion. It is the (i minoi ity report of the committee
on flections of the Mouse of Deleg<Ues"of Mary-
land on the subject of the elections which had
taken place in that State in the preceding Novem-
ber, and out of which had grown contests for of-
fices. The authors of this minority report are
regarded in that State as secessionists. Their
views, therefore, though wppcueutly eundid, are
not to be piosumod entirely free from partiality
and party bias. They nay:
4< In |lie eases before you it is unquestionably true that
no Hand, violence, or other illegalities were pi(mipted>in-
hiigatcri, or piaetieed by the feiieee^iul candidates, or by v r
thiough any ol their tuends, aaeneies, or nn-.nia, or in any
way intended to piomote their election.
*k II is equally elear that all sueh fian-N, v mlenee, ami
illegalities wen* prompted and indurated by those who weie
opposed to the sueeet-slul candidates, ami that tho> (the
suec-i^iul candidate*,) weie t ieeted in spite ol sueh mentis
ol opposition.''
Further:
u At a majority of the other pieeinets theie was moie or
less of nnluaiy lnteiieienec, appealing mainly to be de-
MgnC<1 to im(>>i11 tlie vote ol Mi. CiiMh Id, .ind to piomote
the election ot Mr, C'te.-sWel), opposing eandidatesiort'on-
(jre«s. without aiming especially at any othei candidate, ex-
eept by one John W. Davis, piovott maishal at Tya Utn
pit einet. who was willing tli.it any voter should vot<* lor
whom he pleaded, piovnti d the voier would vote orpioiu-
ise to vote lor him loi sherill*. Hut lie does not seem to
have received many votes; nor dot's ir appear that many,
H any, voters were excluded fiom the polls at that pieeinet.
At some ot the precinct theie wa> little or no interfotence.
'• Upon summing up the testimony jn jeg.ud to the mili-
tary interfeien'-e with the election, and its effects upon the
voters, it is evident to the minds of the tmdcisigned that
moie peiaons weie kept hom the polls who would have
voted lor the M'tuined etcik and le^i^tei than would have
voted for the contesting candidates. Many Oemoeiats did
not, attend Die polls on the giourtd that the mihfaivhad
been or would be sent to the county at the instance ot men
ot the Union paity ; and that they, the Demoeiats, a-, had
been the ease beiore in almost evei \ part of the State, would
not be allowed to vote. This impression appealing fiom
the prool to be, aeneial. the uiidei'Mgned a/e ck\wly con-
vinced tliat more Democratic voters weie kept from the
po|N than voteis of the Union patty. In consequence of
this impression, and the actual military intortereucc atthe
poll*, the ttitdetMgufri .tie satisfied, bejoud lensonable
doubt, that Levin Woolioid, the Democi.itte candidate tor
eleik, and John J. Da>hiel, the Denioeiatic candidate foi
register ot u.Hs, lo^t more votes than did the contesting
candidates,Cadnnis j)ashiel, for cleik, and S. C. f,ong tor
register. The} aie convinced thercloie that the lesul't, it
theie liad bten no lmiitaiv or other interference, would
have been the same, exempt that Levin YVoolfoul and J.
J. Dashiel would have been ejected by incieased majoti-
tie«.,J
As I said in the beginning, Mr. President, in
order to justify Congress in passing this bill, the
proof of e-xtstmg evils should be plain, indubita-
ble, and irresistible. The times especially re-
quire it. Were it a time of peace, I admit the
military authorities of the United States would
have no power to interfere with State elections;
but it is not a time of peace, but of war; a time
in which the feelings of every man in the nation
are taking a fixed direction, either in favor of the
Government or against it; a time when it is ab-
solutely necessary for the preservation not only
of the Federal Government but of the State gov-
ernments that a line of demarkation should be
drawn between the loyal and the disloyal, between
men who are friendly and men who are unfriend-
ly; and I insist that, in view of the evidence be-
fore us, there is no sufficient reason for the passage
of this bill had we even the power to pass it. in
reference to Kentucky, there is absolutely no
proof that any loyal man who wished to vote has
been prevented.
In respect to Maryland, the proof is that there
way have been a few instances of abuse, afew cases
perhaps, and only a few, in which loyal men enti-
tled to vote have been hindered; but 1 urge in reply
that the evils thus proved are by no means sufficient
to justify us in withholding military protection
from the great mass of Union men, and breaking
down in the border States the only barriers which
can guard them against the dangerous intrusions
of disloyal men. Such a measure would open the
door to far greater evils than those complained
of. And, sir, so far as the bill relates to the elec-
tion of State officers, I flatter myself I have dem-
onstrated that the measure transcends the power
of Congress. Such an.act of legislation would be
simply void for want of authority.
As to the State of Delaware, 1 have but a very
few words to say, and shall then take leave of
this subject. Those words will be the words
which the Legislatuie of that State have them-
selves uttered, and I shall leave it for the Senate
and the country to judge whether there was not
in the case of Deiawn re a necessity equally urgent
for the employment of the military in the protec-
tion of the polls. The Legislature of that State,
on the 29th of January, 1863, solemnly resolved:
"Thai under the same pretence freedom of spcech and
of the piess have become idle words, as if upon them did
not ict-t the comer-stone of the labnc of our fiee institu-
tions; that these, nionstious usurpations of power aie not
lebulifd by Congiess, but toleiated because of the declara-
tion that they aie neees*-aiy to put down the lebolhon.
Sueh diohuation is utterly false ; but if il weie tiue, regaid-
in  as we do the presentation ol civil hbeity paramount to
eveiv op; i oonsidetauon, we unhesitatingly declate that
the end piopo*ed to be attained is not worth the saenfiee
lequired.
u-l. That viewing the numeums violations of the Con-
stitution of the United States by the 1-Ydeial Executive as
tending to deshoy the hbei ties of the people and the lights
of the States, and the evident intent to cany on the ptes-
enl war lor 'heeiniuieipation ot slave-, and Ihe subjugation
of the southern ^fate^eithei of which, if s-ucce^t ul, wohld,
in the opinion of (hi-* fieneial Assembly, involve the whole
eouiitiy in nietiicvahle inin, and pievent 1'oicvci a icsto-
i anon ot the Union ; we theirfoi e dec hue, undci a solemn
'•"use of the oath we have taken to Mipport the Constitu-
tion ot ihe Tinted States, the ooj^titution of the State of
l.iware, and to perlonn our duties as members of this
Gcncial Assembly with fidelity, that wo can give no aid or
countenance to a war lbi hueh puiposes."
That is, to a war waged for the purpose of sub-
jugating ihe rebel States; or, in more intelligible
language, a war waged for the restoration and re-
establishing of legitimate government in those
States. Sir, this resolution of the Legislature of
Delaware 1 regard as tantamount toan ordinance
of secession; it is a declaration that they will lake
no port m this war because, in their opinion, it is
uncotnsiituiionaland unjust. What else have the
rebels said? What-have the rebels, by resolu-
tion or in their public journals, ever declared more
hostile to the Government of the United States
and its exertions to suppress the rebellion than is
contained in this traitorous resolution? for it de-
serves no better and no other epithet.
And, sir, by way of carrying out the ideas em-
braced in it the Legislature of the State on the !
25th of March, 1863, passed an act making it ;
highly penal for any person, a citizen of that
State, to keep or biing or have within five miles
of any voting place within the State any armed
troops, punishing such person with fine and im-
prisonment as if he were a felon. Why, sir, if
the laws of that State were carried out and the
President were one of its citizens, and should hap-
pen to be personally present at a place of voting
in Delaware in the command of a part of the Army
for the purpose of arresting or giving battle to
traitors, he would be liable under this Draconian
act of great and mighty Delaware to be indicted,
fined, and imprisoned as a malefactor. Sir, it is
useless to tell me that there was no necessity for
military interference in a State whose Legislature
could pass such acts. The Presidentof the Uni-
ted States would be blameworthy, he would for-
feit the respect of every friend of the country, did
he .not see to it that the rights of Union men and
of the Government were upheld in such places;
and for one, sir, I thank him for his salutary in-
terference. I thank him and I thank other mil-
itary men for their devotion to the cause of the
country, and their protection of the Union men
of Missouri, Kentucky, Maryland, and Delaware
in this terrible ordeal of civil war through which
we are passing. Sir, the country owses them a
debt of gratitude. The cause of human liberty,
protected by a written Constitution, is greatly in-
debted for their patriotic vigilance and devotion.
Sir, i beg the pardon of the Senate for con-
suming so much of their time. They will, how-
ever, attest that I have not hitherto been in the
habit of trespassing upon it in debate; but they
will, I trust, forgive me that on a subject so grave,
involving the powers of the Go vernmentasa peace-
maker and peace-keeper in the States, 1 have felt
it my duty to give this bill my earnest considera-
tion, and to lay the leading facts before the Sen-
ate, as I shall do before the country. And I trust,
as I close my remarks, the Senator from Kentucky
will be disposed to dismiss the flattering anticipa-
tion in which he indulged at the opening of this
discussion, when he announced that the proofs
were so strong in favor of his bill that he should
even expect the vote of the Senator from Michi-
gan when it should be put upon its passage. Sir,
I trust I have said enough to dispel that dream.
Democracy of Kentucky and their Allies in
the North.
SPEECH OF HON? L. ANDERSON,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
March 5, 3S64.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and having under consideration the
Piesulent's annual menage,
Mi. ANDERSON said:
Mr. Chairman: In the remarks I propose to
make a reply will not he attempted to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,] but will be
mainly confined to the situation of affairs in Ken-
tucky, which have prevailed since the outbreak
of the rebellion, and now presentthemselves,and
in which the people of my State have an all-ab-
sorbing interest, and which has produced more
or less of crimination and recrimination.
Thtee of my colleagues [Mr. W. H. Randall,
Mr. Smith, and Mr. Clay] and myself, have
been charged with deserting the Union party and
the platform of the State by voting for the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] for Speaker,
and the other Union officers in the organization
of this House. It is known to every intelligent
public man in Kentucky that the Legislature, at
its session of 1862-63, adopted the following se-
ries of resolutions:
"Resolved, That our institutions at e assailed by an armed
rebellion on one side, which can only be met by the sword,
and on the other by unconstitutional acts of Congress
and staitling usurpations of power by the Executive,
which we have seen by experiment can be corrected by
the b-illot-boA'. Policy as well as principle requires that
Kentucky shall await the process ot relonn, which is slow
but suie, and refrain fiom all unlawful and unconstitutional
acts winch have already biought terrible calamities upon
the couutiy. while we invoke the aid of all patriotic men
to avert the evils that threaten our fiee institutions.
"Resolved^ That this General A*scinbly now, in the exer-
cise of its right to differ in opinion with the national Ex-
ecutive, enters its solemn protest against the proclamation
of the Piesident of the United Slates, dated 1st Januaiy,
1863, by which he assumes to emancipate all slaves within
ceitaiu States, holding the same to be unwise, unconstitu-
tional, and void.
Resolved, That the General Assembly declares that the
power which has recently been assumed by the Piesident
of the United States, whereby, under the guise of military
necessity, he has proclaimed and extended, martial law over
States whcie war did not exist, and has suspended the writ
of habeas corpus, is unwarranted by the Constitution, and
its tendeticy is to subordinate civil to military authority,
and to subveit constitutional and fiee government.
