mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
ing its earliest and most critical period." His son was the
famous Sir George Downing, Engh&h Embassador at the
Hague.
Jn a letter to his brother-in-law, " probahlv written dur-
ing the frummcrof 1645," is a most luminous illustration of
the views of that day and generation on the subject of
human slavery. He bays:
"A warrwith the Narragansett is verie considerable to
this plantation, for I doubt whither yt be not synne in vs,
hatting power in our hands, to suffer them to inaynteyne
the worship of the devill"—
Massachusetts-like. They wanted slaves then,
and in order to make slaves of the Narragansetts,
fanatical-like they took up the idea that they
would make war because the Narragansetts wor-
shiped the devil. I think Massachusetts has
been guilty of a good deal of that sort of worship
since. But to continue this extract:
" 6 whicb their paw wawes often due j 2lie, If upon a Just
warre Jhe Lord should deliver them into our hands, wee
might easily haue men, woomcn and children enough to
exchange for Moores, which wilbe more gayneful pihadgc
for us than wee conceive, tor I do not see how wee r ;m
thrive until! wee gett into a stock ot siaues sufficient todoe
alt our buisine&s, loi our children's children will hardly see
this gieat Continent filltd with people, sue that our ser-
vants will still desire freedom to plant for themselves, and
not stay but for verie great wages. And I suppose you
know verie well how wee shall maynteyne 20 Moores
cheaper than one Engli&he servant.'"
A matter of domestic economy entered largely
into the subject. They could make valuable ex-
changes of Indian captives for Moors, a sort of
negroes, and this writersaysthatone white servant
was more expensive to his master than twenty
Moors.
"The ships that shall bring Moores may come home
laden with salt which may beare most of the chardge, if not
all of yt. lint 1 marvayle Conecticott should any vvayos
hazard a warrc without your helpe. (iM. II, S. Coll., IV,
vu«5.) E. Y. E."
.You see there the Massachusetts thrift. They
wanted to put the whole cost of the voyage upon
part of the cargo, so thatthe slaves they intended
to purchase should not bear any portion of it.
It is ilnus fdio \vn that nrgi o slavery was a Massa-
chusetts institution. In the Convention which
formed the Constitution, (he committee of deiaJ
reported the form of one with this clause:
<• No vx or duty shall he laid by the LegMature on arti-
cle?. exported nom any State ; not on the initiation or im-
pottatiou of sueli pcr.-ams a  the several States f,hall think
proper to admit; nor shall such migiaiion of imputation
be prohibited."
If that provision had been retained, or if one
authorizing Congress to prohibit the slave tiade
had not been adopted, any Slate could have con-
tinued it indefinitely. The people of Massachu-
setts were at that tune laigely and profitably en-
gaged in the slave trade to the southern States.
JLuther Martin, of Maryland, proposed to amend
the section as reported, so as to allow a prohibi-
tion or tax on the importation of slaves to be im-
posed by Congress. The membeis from Massa-
chusetts divided on this proposition of Luther
Martin. That section, with others, was referred
to a committee ofeleven, but Massachusetts failed
to vote on the motion to refer, and that committee
reported in lieu of it a provision authorizing Con-
gie.SN to piolnbit the^lave trade at ter the beginning
of the year 1800. Mr. Pinekney, of South Oai-
olina, moved to strike out itfUO and insert ltfOtf.
That motion pievailed, Massachusetts voting in
favor of it; and thus by her position the slave trade
would have been allowed to continue in perpetu-
ity; but other States controlling her on that point,
she was enabled to procure a continuance of it for
twenty years longer. She, and all the States,
voted for the provision authorizing the rendition
of fugitive slaves. To that, which *>he now op-
poses with frenzied passion, theie was no objec-
tion in the Convention. Her course is explained
by the fact that the slave trade was: her trade. She-
furnished the ships and sailors that visited the
slqfre marts on the African coast and putehiised
negro captives from their savage conquerois for !
rum and trinkets,and carried them to the southern
States and sold them for enriching prices in gold.
She voted to continue her trade m slaves.
If Alassachusetts 3iad been situated in the low
latitudes, and her soil had been rich, inexhausti-
ble alluvion, producing cotton, sugar, and rice,
who doubts that she would have been heavily J
peopled with Afiican slaves, that she would now :
have held and would continue to hold on to them '
with the firm gnp_ which has ever characterized !
the spirit of her aii-eovetousness, that she would ,■
to this day have been intensely pio-slavery; and i
that her two Senators, if under thutstate ofthinps I
they could have got to the Senate, would be her
most faithful representatives; and that she and
they would now be resisting vehemently and ob-
stinately such assaults upon the institution as
they are making upon it? Massachusetts has
always been active, energetic, alert, inventive,
intellectual, avaricious, intermeddling, fanatical,
and domineering; but her love of acquisition has
ever been and still is her master passion. She
continued illicitly the slave trade after the law of
Congress prohibiting it went into operation, and
when it was finally broken up by the combined ac-
tion of Congress, courts, and cruisers, and could
no longer minister to her rapacity by the smug-
gling of slaves into the southern States her more
subordinate characteristics, fanaticism and med-
dlesomeness, began to spring up, and after a while
became dominant. She conceived the project of
robbing the people of the southern States of the
slaves that she hud carried and sold to them for
money. In the name of a spurious philanthropy
she commenced to agitate in every form most in-
dustriously and intensely to destroy that prop-
erty, not m Cuba and Brazil, but among her own
countrymen and customers, and set up her im-
pudent and absurd " higher law" conceits to break
down the constitutional and legal guarantees with
which it had been so long environed, and which
she contributed so much to build up. She in-
augurated not only in her own borders, but in
every locality to which her people could gain ac-
cess, a general system of talking, lecturing, de-
claiming, and preaching against the "greatcrime
of slavery," publishing news papers,tracts,novels,
essays, books, and pictures, all fraught with the
basest falsehoods and slanders against it and slave-
owners, and rendering and intending to render it
abhorrent to the northern people.
Massachusetts thus estranged, divided, and
exasperated the people of the free and slave States.
She, with malice aforethought, schooled them to
hate each other with a diabolhal purpose of  sun-
denng the Union and subverting theConstitution
because of the protection winch it gave to the
owners of slaves. She complained that the free-
dom of spuech and of the press and her rights
were violated because the slave States would not
open their bosom to her nefarious agitation of that
property, and of the right upon which it was
founded. Let us look at her deliberate resolves.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will permit me, 1 will move an adjourn-
ment.
Mi. DAVIS. Well, this is a pretty good stop-
ping place.
Mi\,WILKINSON. I wish to move an ad-
journment; but before doing so, I ask the Senate
to take up Senate bill No. 41, to piomote enlist-
ments in the Army of the United States, and for
other purposes, with a view to make it the special
order for Thursday next, at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
be entertained by the unanimous consent of the
Senate. If there be no objection, that will be re-
ganied as the sense of the Senate, and thut bill
will be assigned for Thursday next, at one o 'clock,
and be made the special oiderfor that hour. The
question now is on an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 16, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. LI. Channixg.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMERCIAL RELATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting the annual report on commercial telations
of the United Stales with foreign nations for the
year ending September 30, 1863.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
it be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT. I submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That four thousand additional copies of the
import on ( op.ini- ir-Mi leiutfons of the United .-States with
lon-l-n n.ilioiH lor the \«\ir ending ^eplcmlier :i0, 1W3. !"•
printed in quaito iovm for the u-e ol tlie lloiw?; and alr-o
one thousand copies toi llic Uae oi tho tjtute Oepaitmem.
Mr. "BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I hope that these
commercial relations will be correctly printed.
They were very incorrectly printed last year. I
hope that great care will be taken m reproducing
the tables in print.
PERMISSION TO RECORD VOTES.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to record my vote on the twenty-
second and twenty-fifth amendments of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to
the conscription bill. I cam^in after my name
had been called.
Mr.STILES. I shallnotobjectifl amallowcd
to record my vote on the joint resolution amend-
atory of the confiscation act.
Mr. BROOMALL. lam willing to do all I can
to enable the gentleman to get his vote recorded.
There was no objection.
M r. BROOMALL voted in favor of the amend-
ments indicated; and
Mr. STILES voted against the joint resolution
amendatory of the confiscation act.
Mr. SWEAT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to record my vote against the same
joint resolution.
There was no objection, and the vote was re-
corded accordingly.
ARKANSAS CONGRESSIONAL REPRESENTATION.
Mr. DAWES. I rise for the purpose of calling
up the case of James M. Johnson, claiming to
be a Representative to this House from the second
congressional district of Arkansas, in order that
his credentials may be referred to the Committee
of Elections. When 1 offered them the other day
the gentleman from Mary land [Mr. Davis] moved
that they be laid upon the table. I hope that he
wiil withdraw that motion for a moment, so that
3 may make a statement.
Mi. DAVIS, of Maryland. I withdraw the
motion to lay upon the table for that purpose.
M i. DAW ES. Mr. Speaker, I had no personal
acquaintance with the gentleman who broughtto
me these credentials and asked me to present them.
He came to me with a letter of introduction from
the commanding general of thatdepartment,Gen-
eral Steele, through his brother, the distinguished
member from New York. From his statements
and ftom what I learned elsewhere 1 found these
to be the facts: the gentleman himself, his brother,
and brother-in-law, the present provisional Gov-
ernor of Arkansas under the new constitution
lately adopted, were residents of the same town in
this congressional distiict, and in the first month
of the war, in 1861, they were driven from the
State and from their homes by the rebels because
of the course they took at the thieshold against
the rebellion. From that moment they entered
intotheUnionarmies. Thisgentleman hasserved
in those armies,and in many battles of the South-
west he has had the honor, as a coloncl of one of
the Union regiments of Arkansas, to distinguish
himself. He holds a commission in that capa-
city at this moment. Whlie he was absent in the
Artny, never being able to set his foot in h>s own
State except at t he he id of the fot res of the Union,
the loyal people of the State of Arkansas met in
convention and adopted a State constitution,and
sent him here as the bearer of the constitution of
a tree State, the first unwilling fruit which this
rebellion lias borne. In his absence and without
his knowledge the voters of the second congres-
sional d isti ict of Aikansas, numbei ing four or five
tho usand , elected him as tbeirRepresentati ve upon
this floor. IIp offers his credentials through the
ordinary channels of the Hnuse, and though he
has had the honor of bearing here the first free-
Slate constitution out of the fire and smoke of
this war, and though he comes here, covered witl
honoiable scars won in defense of the flag of his
country, with a commission as a Repiesentative
elect to this House, he is denied so much as a
hearing.
The gentleman from Maryland does the un-
usual thing of moving to lay his credentials upon
the table lather than they shall 'be even referred,
as all others aie by the rules, to the Committee
of Ejections. The Committee of F.lections will
be quite willing to be relieved of this additional
labor. They are quite sufficiently borne down
with work a! i end y. But as one of that committee,
a lid its ,i member of this House, I never will con-
sent, wishouiopeiniig my mouth in protest against
it, that any man, however humble he may be, shall
