1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2703
return ever to be oppressed by the action of the
assessor or assistant assessor.
put suppose we admit there is a possibility of
this, can any one tell me that that possibility or
probability is any greater or any more imminent
if you allow final jurisdiction to be exercised by
the district assessor than it is when it is exercised
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue? The
Commissioner of Internal Revenue having this
final jurisdiction, there is justone man who has
in his power the whole revenues of the Union.
But if you give this final jurisdiction to the sev-
eral districtassessors, if any one or more of them
are utterly corrupt, the jurisdiction of each one
is limited to his own district; some of them will
prove honest and faithful, and you will get some
revenue; you will have the satisfaction of believ-
ing that it is not all under the control of any one
man.
The revenues collected from customs are put
into the Treasury. When a man wants to get
his duties remitted he must come to Congress, or,
after there has been a trial in the courts and a
judgment, upon the record of that judgment he
may appeal to the Secretary of the Treasury,as
1 understand the law. Here no such necessity
is imposed upon the party dissatisfied with the
amount.of taxes lie pays under this bill. With-
out any trial, without any proof, without any
contestant, he can appeal to the Commissioner,,
and the Commissioner has the authority to remit
just as much of his tax as he sees fit.
I think the amendment ought to be adopted,
and 1 hope it will be. 1 had not the authority of
the committee to move the amendment. There
was not a majority of thecommittee in favor of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply say that the
view which the committee had in relation to it (for
this matter was discussed in committee) was sim-
ply this: they thought, taking the United States
through, considering the number of officers and
the number of persons in the community to be
taxed, there would be very likely to be a great
many errors in the assessment of these taxes, and
that it would be rather oppressive to oblige every
man who felt himself injured, and upon whom
the taxes had been illegally assessed, to pay those
taxes on the judgment of the assessor, and then
come to Congress for relief; that there must be
some officer charged with examining these mat-
ters and correcting the errors made by the assess-
ors and assistant assessors. They concluded,
therefore, to leave this section substantially as it
is. We know how very difficult it is to get a bill
through Congress, and we supposed thatthe mat-
ter would cost a great deal more to individuals
than they would think it worth while to contpnd
for by following it up. Besides the matter of fact,
it might be very embarrassing to Congress itself.
They concluded, therefore, to leave the Commis-
sioner in the possession of this power.
The theory of our Government is that high of-
ficers are competent to discharge their duties and
are honest men. If they are not, they should be
removed and men m whom we have confidence
should be appointed in their place. We cannot go
upon the supposition that a man will abuse his
power, especially a man holding an office of so
much importance as this. It is an office of im-
portance to almost every one under the Govern-
ment.
The views which have been presented by my
friend from Wisconsin are very strong, to be sure,
but the committee could not, on the whole, come
to the conclusion to strike out the section. It is
for the Senate to dercide. We have no feeling on
the subject except to make the bill as good as
possible.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin if by his amendment he pro-
poses to take away from the Secretary of the
Treasury the power to refund a tax after it has
been paid into the Treasury because of an error
on the part of the assessor.
Mr. HOWE. The Secretary of the Treasury
has no such authority; it is the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; but it is all the same. I pro-
pose to take it from all of them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not prepared to go
that far.
Mr. CLARK. I hope this amendment will not
be made, for the Senate will see at once that if all
these assessors have the final power of adjudicat-
ing, and their decisions are to be final, we may have
a great many very different decisions in different
parts of the country. A man in one State may
be compelled to pay a tax at a different rate or on
almost a different article from another map in an-
other State. An assessor in one State will hold
this to be right, ond an assessor in another State
or district will hold that to be right. There should
be some supervising power; there should be some
head to whom we can all come. If I pay taxes
in New Hampshire and another man pays taxes
in Missouri, he should pay the taxes upon the
same rate and principle that I do. If this amend-
ment should be adopted the assessor in New
Hampshire may say, you shall pay so and so,
and the assessor in Missouri may say, you shall
pay differently; and there will be nobody to whom
we can appeal to say how that fact shall be.' There
should be somebody to whom we can come, and
the committee saw no better way than to retain
this provision in the bill, and I hope it will be
retained.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The amendment was
lengthy, and the argument of the Senator from
Wisconsin upon it was very able and lengthy; but
I do not understand it very fully. It seems to me
that when a lax has been paid into the Treasury
it ought not to be paid back again upon the dis-
cretion of any Treasury officer, but a correction
should be made if a man is illegally assessed be-
fore the money is paid. Iadmitall thatthe Sen-
ator from New Hampshire says, that there are
likely to be errors in the assessment; but they
ought to be corrected before the tax is paid. If
a man is wronged m the assessment, he ought to
make his application before lie pays the money.
If the bill does not provide a relief of that sort,
it should be so amended as to give him a remedy
before he pays the money; but 1 am not in favor
of allowing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
money out of the Treasury unless Congress ap-
propriates it. It seems to me that money cannot
be paid out except by an appropriation made by
Congress.
Mr. CLARK. This does not provide for that.
There is a provision, however, that the Commis-
sionermay refund it; butif thesection is retained,
that may be corrected; so that we can have the
appeal without the payment of the money, and
have the assessment corrected.
Mr. HOWE. The difficulties which the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire desires to avoid I
think are just as likely to be encountered by re-
taining this section, and a great deal moresc/, than
by making the amendment that I propose. He
says, if this jurisdiction be final with the several
district assessors you may have a different rule
of taxation in one districtfrom what you have in
another. The Commissioner of Internal Revenue>
under this bill as it stands is never going to settle
any rule of taxation by any decision that he
makes. Why? Simply because it is an ex parte
application made oy this individual or that to the
Commissioner for some reas#i or other to remit
a part of the tax that he has paid. He makes out
his own case. The public never knows what it
is unless the Commissioner sees fit to make it
public. _ .
But if such a provision was inserted in the but
as the Senator from Indiana suggests the case
would be very different. The assistant assessor
adopts some wrong principle or conies to some
wrong conclusion from which the individual ap-
pealslo the assessor, or upon some appeal to the
assessor the assessor adopts a wrong principle or
comes to a wrong conclusion: what then? The
individual is dissatisfied, still complains,and still
prosecutes his appeal to the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue or the Secretary of the Treasury.
What is the result? Then the papers, the very
proof which the assistant assessor or the assessor
is acting upon, go out; the fact that there is an
appeal is known to the community; the fact that
this individual protests against the sum imposed
upon him is known to the community; they look
at the case; it becomes a piece of litigation m
which the neighborhood are more or less inter-
ested, and with which they are more or less con-
versant. That makes a cause, iind when that
cause is decided that judgment will be as public
as the cause was.
There is but little danger from such a course of
procedure except the danger that arises from over-
whelming the head of a single bureau with the
number of these applications. Whether there is
any great danger of that or not, I cannot say. I
should not have serious-objection to such a pro-
vision as that; but this is a very different thfng.
This is an authority which allows,the Commis-
sioner to put his hand right into the Treasury! or
rather to make the Secretary put his hand in any
time on the application of any man to draw out
to the extent of the whole fund there, or rather
to the extent of that portion of the fund which
the applicant has paid in.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to amend
the amendment which has been adopted in com-
mittee on page 144 by striking out " thirty-five"
and inserting" forty-five;" sti that it will read:
On cavendish, plug, twist, and all other kinds of manu-
factured tolmcco not Herein provided for, from wlitoh tile
stem lias been taken in wliole or m part, or winch la
sweetened, forty-five cents per pound.
That will make it correspond with the tax al-
ready imposed on fine-cut.,
Mr. HENDERSON., I hope thalamendment
will not be adopted. The Senator from Michigan
seems to place its adoption upon the ground that
forty-five cents has been levied upon fine-cut
chewing tobacco. I do notknow what is £he state
of case in Michigan; but in my State the very-
finest qualities of tobacco are put in fine-out; there
is no common or ordinary tobacco ever put up in
that shape. So far as I am concerned, I should
like to see tobacco graded so that the quality of
tobacco that sells for less than twenty cents should
be taxed so much, that over twenty cents so much,
and that over thirty centsso much; but the Com-
mittee on Finance, as I understand, prefer not to
grade tobacco, not to fix the price of the article,
because in that way frauds have been committed.
They lmvc therefore undertaken to distinguish it
by different kinds of manufacture. They place
this tax of thirty-five cents on " cavendish, plug,
twist, and all other kindsof manufactured tobacco
not herein provided for." That includes tobacco
which does not cost in my State over three, four,
or five cents per pound in the leaf. Vast quan-
tities of tobacco are manufactured in that shape;
and to pay a tax of forty-five cents a pound on the
manufacture of if. seems to me to be a most exor-
bitant rate.
1 will state that there is one article of manufac-
tured tobacco named here, the article of twist,
which in my State always includes in the manu-
facture a very fine article of tobacco,and the Sen-
ator might includc "twist" in the forty-five-cent
schedule; but 1 do not think we should include
cavendish tobacco, which simply means plug to-
bacco. The\vord "plug" need not have been
used after it in this clause. Cavendish, as I un-
derstand, was formerly a plug weighing so much,-
say eight or sixteen ounces, a half,pound or,a
pound"plug; but they now use the words " plug"
and " cavendish" to mean the same thing. Either
one would have been sufficient.
To charge forty-five cents a pound upon ordi-
nary tobacco, a great deal of it lug tobacco that-,
is put in the plug, will be doing injustice to the.
parties who manufacture that tobacco. It is now
proposed to put it on an equality with fine-cut to-
bacco. I understand that in my State the very-
finest quality of leaf tobacco is manufactured into:
fine-cut. , The manufacturer can very well afford
to transport it, bulky as it is, because of its fine
quality. It would be very hard upon the manu-
facturer of plug tobacco in the extreme West to
compel him to pay a tax equal to the tax that is
levied upon the very finest quality of tobacco. I
know the Senator can answer me that very fine
tobacco is put up in the plug. I am aware of that.
The very finest qualities of tobacco are sometimes
put up in that shape, and if it could be graded by
the value of the article I should be perfectly will-
mo- to see it done; but inasmuch as the committee
leave all these descriptions of tobacco together in
this clause, of course it includes a very inferior
quality of tobacco. I think it would be exceed-
ingly unjust to putit upon anequality with the fine-
cut tobacco, which is generally put up in small
parcels, and which can afford to be putm tin-foil.
1 think the amendment ought not to be adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. The same qualities of to-
bacco precisely are cut and packed. In fact,some
of the very highest grades, the highest-priced to-
baccos are put up in the shape of a Virginia plug.
What is called Virginia plug is a tobacco that
sold for about a dollar a pound when this fine-cut
