682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
grave question, very probably within the range of
a civil war for the presidency, superadded to the
pending; civil warfor the integrity of the Republic.
It was because I saw these consequences involved
that I moved to lay these papers on the table. It
was because the President has called on General
Banks to organize another hermaphroditegovern-
ment, half military, half republican, representing
theldligators and the frogs of Louisiana, and to
place that upon the footing of a government of a
State of the United States.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman yield
for a question ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. With great pleas-
ure.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Maryland, if he denies that the
Committee of Elections has the right to examine
and report whether there be a Legislature in the
State of Arkansas qualified to fix the qualifica-
tions of electors for members of Congress, what
right has he to assume, and act upon the assump-
tion, that there is no Legislature there? Where
does he get his own information, and how is the
House informed on that subject?
Mr, DAVIS, of Maryland. My opinion is
exactly that of the gentleman and every one in
the House. Wo know in point of law that there
is no government there, just as we recognize the
great seal of Arkansas when there is one. We
recognizc the counterfeit, and know it to be one.
We know that Arkansas has thrown off alle-
giance. We know that she defies the authority
of the United States, and resigns all possible, State
government. We know that we have recognized
none, and there is none.
Mr. MALLORY. Does the gentleman from
Maryland assert in his opinion that the State gov-
ernment is destroyed in Arkansas; that she is ob-
literated as a State; that she is no longer one of
the States of the Union; and that she must come
back into the family of States upon application,
just as a State comes in from a Territory?
Mr. DA VIS,of Maryland. I will answer the
gentleman. Does the gentleman recognize the
constitution under which this gentleman comes
here as the constitution of Arkansas?
Mr. MALLORY. I want to know something
about that constitution from tfto Committee of
Elections. 1 want to know all about it, and then
I am ready to act. When I have the report of
the able Committee of Elections, over which my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] pre-
sides, 1 shall be better able to answer these ques-
tions. So much for that.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask my friend
from Kentucky to give me a conee,t and candid
answer. He knows as well as i do that this
constitution and form of government brought
here as the basis to allow this gentleman to enter
this House upon were made" within a month
Does he recognize that himself as the government
of Aikansas?
Mr, MALLORY. Mr, Speaker, I do not like
the Yankee moth' of proceeding which the gen-
tleman adopts on this occasion of answering one
question by asking another. He has not an-
• swered the question I put to him, and 1 do not
think it is fair for him to ask me one until he has
answered the one 1 put to him.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. { will answer the
gentleman's question. I am not anxious in the
least decree to avoid it.
Mr.Speaker, i think that the State of Arkansas
is not extinguished. I think that no citizen of
Arkansas has lost any personal privilege of citi-
zenship; nor have they withdrawn from any re-
sponsibility to the Government of the United
►States,
Mr. MALLORY rose.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Allow me to an-
swer the question.
A State should exist with a government. The
Constitution ol the United Slates assumes that
when it compels Congress to guaranty agovern-
ment. The Supreme Court of the United States
assumed that, when, m the case of Fisher and
Walton, they said if a militai y government be
established in a State it would be the duty of the
United States to abrogate and remove it. The
rebel government in Aikansas is a military gov-
ernment, and therefore not a republican govern-
ment, and the United States is now engaged in
removing it. When it h removed there wilt he
no governmentin point of fact, as there is none m
point of law. To-day the condition of Arkansas
I take to be this: her political privileges depend
upon her organization of a State government, and
not upon the fact of her being a State. Without
her Legislature there are no electors; there is no-
body entitled under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted, States to vote for members of Congress. She
isln the condition where Tennessee was under
the administration, I believe, of General Wash-
ington. Tennessee was admitted into the UnioHi
without the scratch of the pen of a constitution.
It was a State withouta State government. When
Tennessee organized her State government, that
was recognized by Congress. When Arkansas
shall organize a State government, that will be
rccognized by Congress and the Piesident. Un-
til that condition precedent representation upon
this floor does not exist. A man may live, but
without arms he cannot well work; without legs
he cannot well walk. The substance of the man
is there, but the faculty of action is gone. It is
the paralyzed condition in v^hich the rebel States
now exist.
Mr. MALLORY. Can he live without brains?
Mr. DAVIS,of Maiyland. JNo, sir, not with-
out brants; and we think Arkansas has the brains,
but her hands and arms are tied by the rebellion,
and we are going to loose them.
Mr. STEVENS. Arkansas is now under a
military governor, and I want to know whether
any State under the authority of a military gov-
ernor and general can euactany civil laws which
will be binding. And I refer in this connection
to California, in reference to which it was decided
by the Supreme Court that while the military law
existed the military governor and general could
authorize no civil law,and that therefore the law
in reference to revenue was void.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I take it there is
no authority to pass any law in Arkansas at this
time foranybody; and thatany government there
not recognized by the United States is a usurpa-
tion agamstauthority. Thegovernmentof Cali-
fornia was the government of a foreign tenitory,
directly recognized, without any intermediate ter-
i i to rial existence at all. The State o I'Texas was
a foreign State, recognized without any inter-
mediate territorial government at all. But the
State of Texas was no more entitled to represent-
ation here until we saw fit to recognize her rep-
resentatives and herself as a State than is the
State of Aikansas at this time to representation
here.
Now, having answered my friend with all the
distinctness possible, I ask him whether he rec-
ognizes astlie existing governmcntof the State of
Arkansas that government under which the gen-
tleman from Arkansas here claims a seat.
Mr. MALLORY. I recognize the existing con-
stitution whieh forms thegovernmentof Aikan-
sas as the government for that State now; and
whenever under that government the people of
Arkansas choose to send a Representative to this
House, claiming that he is their Representative,
if I have any doubt upon the subject whether he
is such or not, I would refer his claim 10 the Com-
mittee of Elections to have it decided.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Still the gentle-
man has not answered my question; but of course
I have no right to press it.
I merely wish to make this observation, that the
gentleman labois under the same confusion of
ideas which seems to pervade all the gentlemen
upon this floor in that respect. They suppose
that a constitution, written on paper, laid away in
the archives, with no organization to put it in
force, is the i;ovei nment. The constitution is the
form piescribed; the government is the body of
men in whom it is vested, by whom it acts, through
whom it lives, whom we recognize; and the con-
stitution of Aikansas is now, by the mere effect
of the rebellion, absolutely dead and incapableof
revival except by a revolutionary process.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Maryland that I do not regard the
constitution of Aikansas as the government of
Arkuns. s; but 1 regard the constitution as the
organic law which forms tho government and
gives it powei. 1 had supposed that was the
opinion of the gentleman from Maryland. 1 had
supposed the gentleman eoneurred with me in the
opinion thar the Constitution of theUnited States
is the organic law which give* power to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. I think that was
once Ins opinion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maiyland. I am not aware
that I have changed any opinion upon the subject
of the Constitution of the United States that I
ever entertained. On the contrary, I have enter-
tained the opinion, and entertain it now, that the
solution of this great social struggle, and the so-
lution of the question of the reestabhshment of
State governments in the States where rebellion
exists, is under thatgrcat law of the Constitution
which says the United States shall guaranty-
not may—bin shall guaranty a republican form of
government in every State. It is then: duty, not
mciely their right, to do so. They are bound to
see that it is not merely a mushroom growth
under the dictation of a military commander or
the President's proclamation.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 concur in that mostfully.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. And in reference
to the old constitution of Arkansas, which they
destroyed when they rebelled, that has ceased to
be their government. They have no republican
government there; and the papers read here, no
mattci by whom made, 01 how, or under what
auspices, are nothing until we have examined and
ascertained that they*are proper ones.
Mr. HARDING. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a single question?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. With greatpleas-
u re.
Mr. HARDING. I propound this question to
the gentleman, whether, in his judgment, the
State of Arkansas is in or out of the Union? I
want a direct answer.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, i will not follow
the example of my other friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Mallory] by evading it, but I will say
that, m my judgment, it is in lhp Union; in the
Union so far that we are bound to lee that nothing
which has the form without the substance of a
government shall control her citizens; so far in
the Union that we are responsible that she shall
be governed according to republican Jaws; so far
in the Union that the loyal men of Arkansas
cannot be governed by traitors who call them-*
selves the Legislature of Arkansas. Weare bound
to protect them. It is not merely our right, it is
our bounden and highest duty; and it is for that
reason and under these grave responsibilities—
and not for the purpose of making an issue with#
my friend from Massachusetts, for whom no one in
this House lias a greater respect or a kinder regard
than I have—that I thought I would present this
giave question which rests upon our consciences
as one which ought not to be passed upon as a
sccondaiyand incidental issue in an election case.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Maryland whether by the motion he
has made he intends to commit this House, if his
motion shall prevail, to the doctrine that the claims
of tins gentleman are not some time to be con-
sidered ?
Mr. DA VIS, of Maryland. No, sir. I do not
know, nor do 1 piotend to know wluU his claim
may be. If the people of Arkansas have taken
steps to organize a government, and upon inves-
tigation we shall be satisfied that what they have
done fairly repiesents the masses of the people of
Aikansas; if we shall be satisfied that the thing
called a government i«; one to which we can in-
trust the interests of the people of Arkansas; if
it is such an organization that we feel ourselves
entitled to say, " Men of Arkansas, you shall
| obey it, obey it under all the responsibilities of
the United States Government, and if you revolt
against it we will compel you to submit to it,"
for that is the grave aspcctof the question; if we
shall be of opinion that the government so organ-
i ized is one which we can say shall be obeyed and
which we are ready to commit ourselves to en-
force. compulsory obedience to, then I will con-
sider the questions of election law involved in this
case. But it must be done not by this House
alone; it must not be done by the "Senate alone;
it must be done not under the proclamation of the
President, which, so far as it is anything more
than a State paper, is a grave usurpation3 upon
the legislative authority of the people of the United
States; it must bo done by the concurrence of the
legislative and executive powers, and without that
it is nothing.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Pardon me a moment, I
wish to say that, understanding as I do from the
