GLOBE.
i)r
atefe
safe!
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGEESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN €. RIVES, WASHINGTON,g:':aj
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE.M 1864.
, New;.
 Kov 170.
vide for the cigarettes, but also to prevent certain
of these valuations from escaping the tax. For
instance, take the cigars valued from $10 to $20
per thousand. If they costfll without the lax
and you impose a tax of $8, they will not come
up to the value of $20; but if you impose the $15
they do come up to that and will pay the ta&; so
that on$ assessor might impose the tax of §8and
another of $15. It is the practice of the assessors
to value them with the tax on. I propose to
change thatand make it the rule for them to value
them with the tax off. I leave the valuation or
prices very much as they were in the old bill.
The amendment wak agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the leave of the
Senator I move that at half past four o'clock the
Senate take a recess until seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I have one further amendment
to offer. It is to insertat theend of section ninety-
three, on page 146, the following:
And every cigar maker or apprentice cigar maker, oi
other pet^on, betore making an> cigars, after tbc passage of
this act, shall apply l'or ami piocuie fiom the assistant as-
sefc*oi of the distucf in which ho or she reside*, a permit
authoiizmg such person to carry on the trade of eicar mak-
ing, foi which pennit ho or she shall pay said assistant as-
sessor the sum of fitly cent*.
And every cig.ir njakei or apptentice cigar maker, or anv
other person employed or woiking at the busitiesS Ot'cigai
making in any other distiici than that in which lie or she
is a re>ulent, shall, before making any cigar-- in such other
disU ict, picaent said permit to the a«-bi&tant a-^e-.toi of tlie
district where ^o employed oi working, and piocure the
liidoi cement of said a.s?iitant assessoi thereon, authoiizing
t-aid business in said district* for which indorsement the
assistant assessor shall be entitled to receive from the* ap-
plicant the sum of ten cents.
And it phall lie thfj dnty of every assistant assessor, upon
application of any cufar maker or apprentice cigar maker,
or other pertvOn residing in las district to furnish a permit,
or to indorse upon the peniutot the applicant, if resident
in another district, uuthouty to pui&ue the tiade of cigar
making within tiie pi oper district of such assistant assess-
or. S.iid assistant assessor Khali keep a record of all per-
nnts'granted or indorsed hy inm showing tlio date of each
permit, the name, residence, and place of employment of
the parry named theiein, the name and district of the offi-
cer who oi igmaily granted the sumo, or who may have made
any subsequent indorsement thereon, and the name or
names of the party or paities by whom the cigar maker or
nppientice named in such peimit U employed,or, ll work-
ing for himself or herself, stating such met. *
And eveiy person making cigars shall keep an accurate
account of [ill the eigaismade hy him, for whom, and their
kind oi quality; and if made for any other person thanhim-
seJf, shall state m >aul accouut the name of the person for
whom tiie same weie made and his place of business; and
such person shall, on the first Monday of eveiy month, de-
liver to the assistant assessor of the district a copy of such
account, verified by oath or affirmation that the same is
tute arid correct.
And if any peison shall make any cigars without piocui-
ingsuch permit, or the proper indorsement fbeieon,he shall
be punished by a fine of rive dollars for each day he shall
so offend, or by impugnment for such time as the court
may outer for each day's offense, not exceeding thirty days
in the whole upon any one conviction. And it anv per-on
making cigar* shall fail fo make the return herein requned,
oi shall make a false letitrn, he shall he punished b> a fine
not exceeding $100, or by imprisonment not exceeding thn ty
days.
And if any person, firm, company, oi corporation shall
employ oi procure any person to make cigars who has not
the permit ot the indorsement theteon required by this act,
he or they shall be punished by a fine of ten dollars for
each day he or they shall employ such person, or by im-
prisonment not exceeding ten days. And if any peison
shall be found making cigar* without such permit or the
indorsement theieon the collector of the di^tuet inayteize
any cigais or tobacco for making cigars which may be
found in possession of such person, and the same shall be
lorleued to the United State-, and sold, and one half of the
T>!oeeed-> paid to the United fUate  and ihe other half to
the < olloetor making the seizuie
This amendment is necessary to preventagreat
many frauds that are committed in the large cit-
ies by persons who manufacture cigars in out-of-
the-way places, in collars or garrets, and move
about almost from day to day so that you can get
no trace of them. They make cigars and go into
the market and soil them and pay no tax on them
at all. This amendment requires every cigar
maker to procuie a permit at a small price; the
assistant assessor is to grant a peimit to anybody
who applies; and then they are to keep a record
of the number of cigars they make and make re-
turns to the assisitantassessor, so that he can trace
the matter. If he goes into a place and finds a
170
man making cigars in this way witKdut'a permit,
tie ca!ti take what he has got there and appropri-
ate if1, bnf as the law now stands he go into
a place where he finds a man making cigars in
this way, but he cannot seize them; and when he
Comes back the next day he is gone. In that
fyay, the business becomes, you may say, transi-
tory and fraudulent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a very good pro-
vision.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I move a reconsideration of
the vote taken a little while ago increasing the
duty on plug tobaoeofroru thirty-five to forty-five
cents a pound, ,
Mr. CLARK. Allow me,to inquire of the Sen-
ator if he desires to keep up the distinction or
wants to reduce the tax on the low-priced.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no anxiety about it my-
self; but at the request of a Senator who desires
to make a statement, I have moved the reconsid-
eration.
The PRESi DING OFFICER. The Senator
from New :York moves to reconsider the vote in-
creasing the rate of duty on " cavendish, plug,
twist, and all other kinds of manufactured tobacco
not heiein piovided foi, from which the stem has
been taken out m whole or in part, or which is
sweetened," from thirty-five to forty-five cents
per pound.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senate will recon-
sider that vote. The Senator fiom New Hamp-
shire wished to know what was to be done after
the reconsideration. 1 will state that I am willing
to vote to reduce the fine-cut to thirty-five cents.
That is the object I have in view. 1 am clearly
of opinionuhat this manufactuie will not bear a
tax of forty-five cents a pound. I think it will
ruin the business.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the vote will be allowed
to remain as it is now. The tax is simply on the
chewing tobacco, and each Senator can form his
own judgment on the question whether chewing
tobacco will stand the proposed tax. i. suppose
every Senator desires to have as large a tax im-
posed upon it as H will bear.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to correct the
Senator. The first clause does not confine it to
chewing tobacco; it does not say "ail plug to-
bacco which is chewing tobacco." It does not
'define iu*o be chewing tobacco. Tobacco is very*
frequently put up in that shape and smoked.
Mr. CLARK. No person is compelled to smoke
it; he need not do so unless he chooses; he can
get the ordinary smoking tobacco, which pays
twenty-five cents duty, if he chooses to take the
plug, twist, or fine-cut that pays fot;ty-five cents,
and chew it, nobody will object, I think, and the
Govei nrnent will get the tax.
Mr. HENDERSON. You define the otheras
smoking tobacco.
Mr. CLARK. It is not necessary to define this
as chewing tobacco, because everybody knows
ir is; hut if a man chooses to smoke it there is no
objection if he pays the tax.
Mr. HENDERSON. A cheap article of smok-
ing tobacco is very frequently put up in plugs.
Mr. CLARK. It need not be put up m that
shape.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not.
Mr. CLARK. Jf a man desnea to avoid the
high lax he will not put it up in that shape; but
if he docs put it up in that shape as chewing" to- '
bacco, why not let him pay the taxr It is en-
tirely at his option. Thin will not tend, as 1
understand it, to diminish the production of to-
bacco, because people will chew; and I apprehend !
they will chew just about as much if the tax be
forty-five as if it be thirty-five cents. If you now
put it back to thirty-live cents it will be precisely
the grade fixed by the House of Representatives,
and the question will not be before the committee
of conference for consideration. I suggest that
it had better be left as it is now, though I have
no wish about it except to arrive at a correct con-
clusion, and give the country as large a tax on
the articl£rfcUi it Vili-f&irly bear, and not "by ahd
by curry it^up again.
Mr. HENDERSON. * i-pfetfedtly willing
to make & distinction "between the d®reot qual-
ities of tobacco, to tfcke thfc more valuable knd im-
pose a tax of forty-five-cfents a pound on it, and
then take that fyhich is les& valuribfc and impose
a tax of thirty-five cents a pound; b\j't some <sf
our western friends insist tnat it will-not do to
make ahy discrimination; and as our ea&terh
friends too say it will not do to make a discrimin-
ation, and they'get Up first one quality and then
hitch- up another quality by dividing us, I insist
that we reconsider thi3 vole And thfrn that we put
them upon an equality if gentlemen will not make
any distinction between(inter qualities'of
tobacco. My understanding is that fine-cutchew-
ing tobaccd is the very'finest quality, And ^hat it
will hotdo to putup&n ordinary article-oftobftcco
in that shape, f thought, therefore, that that would
stand a tax of forty-five cents; but if yoU impose
a tax of forty-five cpnts a pound on thfc V>lug to-
bacco, one half of which is of the most ordinary
quality, I eay you almost ruin the business in
Iowa and Missouri, aVid several other western
States. The Senator from Mrehigan has stated
a fact of which 1 was not before aware, that an
ordinary quality of tobftceo is put up and called %
fine-cut. 1 had thoughtdifferently. 1 know that
the manufacturers who manufacture fme-cutvery
laigely in my State always use a superior quality
of tobacco. But if we arc to bo hitched up in thiW
way, first On one side and then on the other, I
insist that Senators representing States that ar 
inteiested in this production do not suffer this
interest to be entirely overcome and destroyed
For my part, rather than see a tax levied upor:
plug tobacco which it cannot^stand, I will vote
with the Senator- from Michigan to reduce fine-
cut to thirty-five cents. T wish to be perfbetly
frank on this subject and let gentlemen understand
my position, not that 1 do not think the superior
qualities can stand a tax of forty-five cents, but
if Senators will make no discrimination 1 will ac-
cept the proposition and make none myself.
Mr. GRIMES. It seeths to me that there is
something radically wrong in the system that wo
have attempted to adopt here in regard to the tax
on tobacco. Why there should be the same tax im-
posed on the meanest and most miserable quality
of tobacco that there is on the highest quality-of
tobacco, I am utterly unable to perceive. We all
know that the finest tobacco which is raised in
this country is raised in the Connecticut valley.
Such tobacco as finds a market at Sptingfield and
Greenfield, Massachusetts, and Hartford, Con-
necticut, is worth four times as much as the best
quality of tobacco that is raised in the West,
Under this bill, aUhough a million pounds of to-
bacco in the, Connecticut valiey may be worth
$4,000,000, ntid a million pounds oft he best tobacco
m Missouri or Iowa is only worth $1,000,000, you
tax that million pounds, in Iowa or Missouri pre-
cisely as the $4,000,000 worth of tobacco in the
Connecticut valley. That seems very hard to my
sense of justice and right.
Then,'in order to mak<* the thing still worse,
we have to-day adopted an amendment by which
we have declared that the meanest kind of lug to-
bacco, which is made out of the outside leaves of
tobacco, such as the farmers in New Hampshire
and Maine and Vermont use to destroy the hoof-
jot in wheepand kill " ticks" in lambs, and which
is hardly fit for any other purpose in the world,
«hall pay the Same tax as the finest quality of
cavendish tobacco that was worth adollara pound
before this rebellion began. Does that look reason-
able? Is it right that we should tux that miser-
able tobacco, which is hardly overused except for
the purpose I have stated, thirty-five orforty-five
cents a pound, as much as we tax cavendish to-
bacco that gentlemen were willing to pay a dollar
a pound for before the rebellion began ? It seems
to me not.
1 trust that this amendment will be reconsidered,
nnd that some scheme will be devised so that we
shall have an equitable rule established by which
