1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
remark of the gentleman from Maryland that he
intends by his motion only to lay these creden-
tials upon the table until the great question as to
the political condition of Arkansas is settled, I
concur entirely in the wisdom of his proposition.
I think it would be a most unfortunate thing
for this country, and of course most unwise, for
this House, by its action upon an incidental mat-
ter, to settle the condition of the State of Arkan-
sas, or of any other State.
But I cannot concur with the gentleman from
Maryland in the suggestion I understood him to
make as to the lack of good faith on the part of the
President or on the part of General Banks, both
of whom I believe are acting, with regard to the
State of Louisiana, and I have no doubt that the
President is also so acting with reference to Ar-
kansas, with the most patriotic intentions.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. My friend mis-
understood me. I do not in the least degree cast
any imputation upon the faith of the President.
I impeach very seriously the legality of his proc-
lamation .
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not propose to dis-
cuss its legality, but I have a settled conviction
that this nation in its present condition ought, be-
fore it, by any process, either executive, legisla-
tive, or judicial, recognizes the existence of these
rebel States, to canvass the whole question. The
rightof this gentleman, if he luisany legal right,
to a seat upon this floor, is a very subordinate and
unimportant claim as compared with the 1 i«;ht of
the loyal people and the loyal States of this Union
to know, first of all, and upon most substantial
and thorough investigation, whether Arkansas is a
State in this Union. I have examined this matter
as much as I was able, from the commencement of
the contest till now, and 1 have the settled convic-
tion that the State of Arkansas and the other ten
cooperating States in this rebellion have no legal or
constitutional existence as States of this Union.
Mr. GANSON. I would like to ask the ques-
tion when those States ceased to exist. Was it on
the passage of the secession ordinance? If not, I
should like to know at what point of time they
ceased to ovist and got out of the Union.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will state my own views
in my own way, and as I go on I shall answer
the inquiry of the gentleman from New York.
The foundation of my whole theory is in this
political proposition, thaton this continent neither
a colony nor a State has ever existed except by
the will of the people within its limits. From
that proposition I infer another, which is that no
State can cease to exist as a State except by the
will of the people within its limits. If you deny
the constitutional power of the people to annul
their existence as a State, as a political organiza-
tion, you have to admit that, whatever may he
the constitutional right or absence of right, the
fact still is that the ^ower is in the people of a
State to declare whether they will exist or not;
and there is neither power under the Constitu-
tion, theie ts neither force in the nation, there is
neither power in the universe, in the absence of
divine interference, to create the State of Arkan-
sas and compel her to take her place in this Union,
to send members to this House and Senators to
the other branch of Congress, except with the
consent and will of the people themselves. We
have before us this great fact that for nearly three
years past Arkansas has declared, in the piesence
of the world and in the most formal niaiuioi
known to human pioceedmgs, that, as a State, she
has t eased to exist in the American Union.
Mr. GANSON. "Will the gentleman yield to
me ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. No; I think I will go on.
The State has ceased to exist. Call it suicide if
you may; but though it be suicide it is none the
less a fact. You search human and divine laws
in vain for authority that an individual may take
his own life. Ali law is against it. But when an
individual commits the act of self-destruction,
when his lifeless body lies before you, itis in \am
that you reason on law, and say that he had no
right to do the deed. He has ceased to exist by
his own will. The State of Arkansas, by the will
of its people, expressed in some way or other,
but according to the form which has had potency
and effect duung these three years, has ceased to
exist as a State of the American Union.
Mr, ULA1R, of Missouri. The gentleman
fiom Massachusetts Will peumt me to ask him a
question. He says that the State of Arkansas has,
by the will of her own people, ceased to exist.
Have not all the States of the Union some interest
in that question as well as the people of Arkansas?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I answer yes.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Have not the peo-
ple of the Union such an interest in that direction
as to prevent even the majority of the people of
Arkansas from taking out the State ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the gentleman asks me
whether there is a power in this country 
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not mean the
power; I mean the right.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the gentleman asks me
whether there be the right in tins country to pre-
vent the people of Arkansas going out of the
Union 1 say yes; butifheasks me whether there
be any constitutional power by which weean pre-
vent the people of Arkansas from declaring that
their State organization has ceased to exist I say
no. That is a matter within their own control as
a fact; and you cannot escape from a fact what-
ever your reasons and theories may be. 13y the
voice of the people of Arkansas their State or-
ganization has ceased to exist. What remains?
The jurisdiction of the General Government un-
der the Constitution over the territory of Arkan-
sas exists unimpaired, exactly as it was before
this so-called ordinance of secession was passed.
What more remains? Jurisdiction and sover-
eignty over the people of die State of Arkansas,
neither moie nor less than it was befoie the act
of secession was passed. What is the condition
of the people of Ai kansas ? Speaking legally and
also as a matter of fact, they have just those
rights which they can enjoy without a State or-
ganization. Of what, then, are they deprived?
Of those privileges undt r the Constitution of the
United States which can be enjoyed only through
a State organization.
Now what lemains for us to do?" To wait till
the people of A1 kansas, " clothed und in their ight
mind," without the exercise of military force,
without coercion, by numbers so great us to give
assurance that they will lernain loyal to tlie Union,
shall appear before the legislative* and executive
departments of the Government, and ask to be
replaced as a State with a constitution, and ad-
mitted to all the rights of the several States of
this Union.
Theie are six essential conditions to the exist-
ence of a State as a Suite of the American Union:
1. Ti'iiitmy (ii aiea within the jurisdiction of
the United Slates.
2. Inhabitants.
3. A constitution or organic law in which the
existenee.of the Constitution of the United States
is recognized, and its supremacy in certain par-
acusis declared or admitted.
4. Oilicers of the State appointed or elected and
swoin to support the Constitution of the United
States, as required by that Constitution, (Articlc
VJL)
5. Admission into the Union.
G. Senators and Representatives appointed or
elected to the Confess of the United States.
The third, foui rh, and sixth of these conditions
arc wanting in the case of Ai kansas and the other
States engaged in the present rebellion, and have
been so wanting for thine years.
1 think that it j< a suhoidmale and unimpoitant
question as to who shall come from Arkansas to
lepH'S'MU her upon the* floor until we can settle
the ureal qu< stion of the light of Ai kansas to a
State government as a Stat)1 of this Union. I am,
for one, for waiM mr to g' ve in y affirm at i ve vote until
a majority of her loyal people shall hamc a con-
stitution iiuaiantying full and exact justice to all
men, black and white. I will wait until we can he
satisfied in all particulars that the people of that
State will be loyal to the national Government.
Mr. Speaker", I have befoie me a resolution
which I intended to present to the House in the
ordinary way, but I mnv ask to have it read as a
part of my lemarks.
The Clerk read, as follows:
RctoIrc J. That the committor: on the rebellions State-be
im-mii't'M to consider and lepoit upon the expedient} of
recommending to thi< Jiou^e the adoption of the following
Dal/nation of Oy-ouons.
fn view of the pie-cm coml.hon n> the countiy, and «>-
pi ci.div m Vii \v or the j eoont . of J})■
tenia! hi in-. p
Mil'j .1 -pri (jv i;
- Ill-; 1oi!.i\\ mi
Ihe iiiftitution of j-Ktv
w i tlaow of the lebdhon,
df'daiaUon of opinion-;
;iy ni the Stute^aed paiu
of States engaged in the rebellion, and embraced in th«
pioclamation ot emancipation issued by the President on
the 1st day of January, A. D. 1863; and also concerning
the relations now %>uhbi&ting between the people of such
States and parts of States on the one side and the Ameri-
can tmion on the other.
It is therefore declared, (as the opinion of the House of
Representatives,) That the institution of slavery was the
cause of the present rebellion, and that the destruction of
slavciyintheiebelliousStatesis an efficient mcanaofweak-
enhig the power of the rebels,; that the President's procla-
mation, whereby ah persons heretofore held as slaves in
&ueh States and parts of States have been declared free,
has had the effect to increase the power of Hie Union and
to diminish the power of its enemies; that uie fieedoni of
such persons was desirable and just in itself, and an effi-
cient means by winch the Government was to be main-
tained and its authority reestablished mall the territory and
over all the people within the legal jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States; that it is the duty of the Government and of
loyal men cverywheie to do what may be practicable for
the enfoi cement of the proclamation, in order to so«uro in
fact as well as by the tonus of law the extinction of sla-
very m fcueh States and parts of States; and finally, that it
is the p.uamount duly of the Government and of all Io\al
men to I ibor lor the le^torauon of the American Union
upon the basis of lieedom.
•ignrf t/us House does jwither dcclare. That a State can
exist oi cease to c.\Ht only by the will of the people within
its limit", and that it cannot be created or destroyed by the
external foice or opinion of other States, or even by the
judgment or actum of ihe nation itself; that a State, when
eieated by the will ofit-* people can become, a member of
the American Union only by its own oiganized action and
the eoneui ten taction of the existing national Government;
that when a Stale has been admitted to the Union, no vote,
resolution, oidmanee, or proceeding, on its part, however
formal in character oi vigorously sustained, can deprive
the national Government of the legal jurir-dietion and sover-
eignty over the temtoiy and people of &.ueh State which
existed previous to the act of admission, or which weie ac-
quired theieby; that the effect oi the so-called acts, resolu-
tion^, and ordinances of hcce^sion adopted by the eleven
States engaged in the piesent rebellion is, and can only be, to
diMioy thoiM' political oujamzatiou* a<.States, while the le-
gal and eoiitauuuoital jurisdiction and auihouty of the na-
tional Government over the people and territory icmain
unimpau ed ; thatthe-e seveial eoinmmniie->euu be organ-
ized into Slates only by the will ot the loyal people expiessed
heely and in the absence of nil coercion ; that States- m> or-
ganized can become States of the American Union only
when they shall have applied for adnuv-ion and their ad-
mission shall have been uuihou/cd by the existing national
Government; that when a people have organized a Stale
upon the basis of allegiance to the Union and applied for
admission, the chaiaetei of the iu>nmiionsoI<-ueh proposed
State may constitute a suflieient pMilication for gi anting
or^'jeoting >uch application ; and iihi-mueh a  e\pei icii't
has Miowifthat tlu: existence ol human slaveiy t.-, incom-
patible With a republican form of government m the seveial
States or in the United Slates, and inconsistent with the
peace, pios-perity, and unitv of Ihe nation, it is the duty of
the people and ol all men in auihouty to resist the adihis-
Mon of ?f'ive States when vet organized within the juiis-
dielioiv-of the national Government. ^
Mr. KERNAN. Mr. Speaker, f only desire to
say a few words. I agree in that partof this reso-
lution which says that it is the duty of loyal men
to strive to preserve and restore this Union; and
my only object in asking to say a word is to appeal
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] and others, whether they believe, or wheth-
er the members of this House believe, we are, as
the leprt sentatives of the people now involved m
these ten il>le difficulties andlhis great struggle,
whether we are doing; anything winch tends to the
preservation or the restoration ofthis Union, when
wc nre spendingdayaftrrday and hour after hour
in discussing-questions which can be postponed,
and when questions are pressing upon us which
threaten the destruction of the Government ami
the ruin of this people? Now, sir, neatly three
months have passed, and no bill has yet beencon-
sideied to sUengthen the credit of the Govern-
ment; and any man who knows anything must
know that it is in danger of breaking down daily
and bringing rum upon our causeand country for
want of proper legislation to stiengthen our credit
and enhance our finances. We have spent months
here uselessly. The other House spent two months,
or the greater part of two months, in discuss,ug
the amendments to the em oilment bill before they
came to an agreement. There being no opposition
to what they did, the Uouse,oi a majoiity ofihe
House who believed in it, passed the hill speedily,
without much discussion on either side compared
with the Senate; and the reason was put forth that
theie was no tune for long discussion, and the ne-
cessities of the count! y were great. That bill has
been returned n jeeted by the Senate, or returned
to us with the amendments of the House non-con-
curred in. It lies he re; yet we can take hour after
hour in discussing these meie resolutions on ab-
: btiaet questions, which must tend to divide the
| people of the loyal States, and which tend to the
! detune ot of the Government and not to its benefit.
! it seems to me that tho.so of us who have the
