684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
desire to save the country should engage our time
with practical questions and not with resolutions
on abstractions upon which men may weli differ.
I submit to a majority-of the House if we are to
have these propositions, let us not have tbftm in
the form of crude resolutions expressing the
opinion of one man, but let them come in from
the regular committee, and let us discuss them if
they are to be discussed. But let us first pass
upon practical questions which are pressing upon
us, and which are important, if we mean to
strengthen the Government in the prosecution of
this war. In the name of all that is good, let us
first address ourselves to the question of how we
shall best enforce the Constitution before we em-
bark on the wide sea of resolutions of what we
will do in reference to questions that well may be
postponed.
I suggest to this House earnestly, therefore,
that there are practical questions before us; that
there is some importance to be attached to trying
to preserve this Government for white men as well
as for black men. Let us not, then, spend all our
time upon one subject, when every man knows
we are endangering the liberties, the rights, and
the Government of the country, and are doing no
practical good to the unfortunate black man,
who is being ground to powder under these cir-
cumstances.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he voted for the passage of the enrollment
bill?
Mr. KERNAN. No, sir; I, like the Senate,
rejected that bill. But there is nothing improper
in that. I did not rise for the purpose of discuss-
ing that bill at the time it was under discussion.
1 proposed a few amendments which we thought
wise. But they were voted down, and I have
nothing to say. I recognized the fact that that
was the policy of a majority of the House, and
we did not propose to embarrass them. What I
complain of is, that while it is their policy, while
they would not give us time to discuss it because
they deemed it so important, theie is never a
want of time to discuss n crowd of lesolutions as
to what will happen when we put down the re-
bellion—if we put it down. ^
Mr. SCHENCIC, (interrupting.) I have been
watching all the morning for an opportunity to
make a proposition to the House, and I think this
is a good opportunity. I ask the consent of the
House to introduce a motion that the House in-
sist upoif its amendments to the Senate enroll-
ment bill, and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. KERNAN. I yield with the greatest
pleasure to anything of that kind.
Mr. COX. I object. I want it to come up in
its order.
Mr. SCHENCK. And I wish it understood
that my colleague objects.
Mr. COX. I object because I do not know
what the nmendmuints of the Senate are.
Mr. SCHENCK. I can inform the gentleman.
Mr. COX. The gentleman should not impugn
me in that way.
The SPEAKER. The Chan would state that
the Senate merely non-concurred in all the House
amendments.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Senate non-concurred
in everything we did, and therefore we ask a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. COX. i prefer that the House shall pro-
ceed in the regular way; and therefore I keep my
objection standing.
'.The SPEAKER. Objection is made,and the
gentleman from NewYoik is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KERNAN. If we—and I address that to
myself as well as to everybody else—will turn
our attention to necessary, practical legislation,
and show the country that we are earnest in doing
what the majority think should be done for sus-
taining the 'Government; if we postpone those
theoretical questions which can do no good and
may do harm, icferring this question to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and allowing other questions
which gentlemen arc thrusting in by their resolu-
tions to await their time, the country will be sat-
isfied, and we can get through our business and
adjourn early in April, and do more good for the
country than if we sat heie until July discussing
humbug resolutions.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to make a short state-
ment in reply to the remarks of the gentleman
from New York; it is that while he is now ap-
pealing to the majority of the House to proceed
with legitimate business and the practical legis-
lation of the country, that side of the House for
two long weeks prevented theaction ofthe House
upon the confiscation resolution. They insisted
upon debating it, and thereby lost two weeks'time.
Mr. KERNAN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment. I submit to him that his
charge is a most unjust one, when his own side
of the House, upon a bare statement of a minority
of the committee, said the resolution must be dis-
cussed. We only asked for a fair discussion.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a joint resolution tendering the
thanks of Congress to Major Geneial W. T.
Sherman; when the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed the bill (H. R. No. 156) to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the fis-
cal year ending June 30,1864, with amendments;
in which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
ARKANSAS REPRESENTATION AGAIN.
Mr. WILSON. In reply to what the gentle-
man from New York has said 1 wish to say—
and the House will bear me out in the fdcts—that
on two several occasions I appeal* d to tlmt side
of the House to fix a time for taking the vote upon
that measure. I asked them to have it disposed
of in order that the legitimate business of the
House might £0 on and that other committees
might submit their leports. The objection, as I
have said, came from that side of the House, fins
side of the House, when 1 first asked that a time
should be fixed for disposing of the resolution,
had agreed upon what they would support and
were ready to take a vote, but we were notified
by gentlemen upon the other side of the House
that they would resort to all the parliamentary
proceedings and all the dilatory motions within
their power for the purpose of preventing the ac-
tion of the House.
I submit further that it is not entirely proper
fora gentleman who has taken upas much of the
time of the House in discussion as any other one
to deliver lectures to the other members of the
House in relation to the time they shall consume
in discussion.
Now, sir, that is all I desire to say, except to
ask one question of the Chair. I desiie to ask
the Chair whether, if the motion to lay the cre-
dentials upon the table shall prevail, they can be
brought before the House again by a majority
vote, orwhether it will require a two-thirds vote ?
The SPEAKER, Tins being a question of
privilege, affecting the right of a member to a
seat, the credentials can be called up at any time
if laid upon the table.
Mr. WILSON. If laid upon the table by a
vote of the House >
The SPEAKER. They can ho taken up by a
vote of the House at any time.
Mr. WILSON. By a majority vote?
Tiie SPEAKER. They can; in that respect
privileged questions difi'er from ali other busi-
ness.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the House is,
with good reason, I observe, quite tired of this
discussion, and so far as 1 am responsible for it,
1 will bring it to a close immediately.
1 wish merely to call the House back, if I can,
to the simple proposition before it, for as long as
I havebeen here dunng these times, I have tued
at all times to find some common ground upon
which we can all stand and all work, rather than
to seek points of difference between me and my
neighbor whom 1 know to be just as earnest and
as patriotic as myself; and tliuiefore, so far as the
peculiar duties of the Committee of Elections are
i concerned, duung the last Congress and during !
[ this, whenever questions of this kind have cropped |
! out 1 have at all times refrained, as far as possi- |
! ble, from seeking points upon which 1 may be I
able to differ from those around me, but have
sought rather to gather up at all times those upon
which we can all agree.
1 have not this morning, sir, sought to break a
lance with the distinguished and patriotic gentle-
man fiom Maryland, [Mr. Davis.] Leastofall
has my vanity so overcome me as to lead me to
seek to wrestle with my friend and colleague from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell;] butlet me say
to him that in his attempt to cooperate with the
gentleman from Maryland in stifling even for the
time being the simple petition of the loyal men
of Arkansas to be heard here in this House, he
is not true to the ancientfame of the State of Mas-
sachusetts in that regard, however true he may
be to her principles in all others, and however
shining may be the light he-has brought into this
House. Sir, I, for one, have been raised in quite
a different school at home from this. I have been
brought up in a school that stood shoulder to
shoulder, through many a fight, with " the old
man eloquent"in Massachusetts in securing every
one, high or low, to the humblest individual,
though he may be in the furthest nook or corner
of this great Republic, a right, notmerely to come
here with his petition and have it laid upon the
table to suit our convenience, but to have it re-
ferred to a committee to examine into the facts
and causes and reasons of his complaint and his
grievance, and to report thereon to this House for
its action.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would say to my col-
league that my remarks proceeded upon the idea
that the pending proposition is to lay these cre-
dentials upon the table for the time being and
temporarily merely,and not as a final disposition
of the matter.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague cannotfail to see
thatif the matter shall be postponed until the dis-
cussions in this House shall bring us to a united
course of action m regard to the treatment due to
| the rebel States it will be equivalent to saying to
the petitioners*, "Wait till a distant and far-off
day." This Congiess will have ceased from its
labors, and we shall have returned to our con-
stituents to give an account of our delay and
waste of time m wrangling over non-essentials
here, before these men could be heard here in this
Hall, if that day shall be waited for. Sir, I will
not stop to say to my friend fioni Maryland that
no familiarity with violence at the polls, no vio-
lent interfeience with the attempt of the people to
express their free choice at the ballot-box, how-
ever feeble that voice may be, however inade-
quate may be the exptession of their desire and of
their loyalty, no matter how little in accordance
with legal forms, when they come to the essential
and heart of the matter—no familiarity, I say,
with that, however long continued on the part of
others, has taught me or can ever reconcile me for
one moment to the attempt here in this House to
stifle their voice. *
Sir, the gentleman from Maryland deprecates
the decision of important questions like those
which lie under and hang about this, on so col-
lateral a matter as the decision of a man's right
to a seat on this floor, yet he pioposed, himself, to
decide it by a motion to lay on the table.
Mr. GANSON. I would like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections whether Lou-
isiana was not one of the rebel States, whether
persons did not come here with credentials from
that State, whether we did not receive their cre-
dentials and refer them to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and whether the repoit of that committee
was not made, received, and acted upon? I ask
whether Arkansas standsin any differentrelations
to the Union than Louisiana does. If not, where
is the difference so far as suicide is conccrned, or
! self-destiuction, or political or military inteifer-
rencer
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, on the question
of reference of these credentials to the Committee
of Elections, I refuse to argue that more import-
ant question which so undeilics our work here,
and which we so trifle with. I do not know how
far in the argument of it 1 may be led to differ
with my friend from Maryland or with my dis-
tinguished colleague on my right, [Mr. Bout-
well.] If, however, I undeistood his enuncia-
tion to-day, ins principle, and his line of conduct
here, 1 must say, wuh a good deal of want of con-
fidence in my own ability, that I am unable, as
yet, to bring myself to those grounds.
