2706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
tobacco is to bef. assessed «nd pay according to
whntit is legitimately worth, and not to abso-
lutely fix the same tax upon every quality of to-
bacco, whether it be good, bad, or indifferent.
"Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Missouri
speaks about hitching upone side and then hitch-
ing up the other* Will the Senator from Missouri
bear in mind at whose suggestion one side was
first hitched up ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I can state that the Sen-
ator asked me about the grades of tobacco, and
I told him that the finer articles of tobacco, the
■twist and fine-cut, could stand a, higher tax. I
stated so in my. remarks; I state so now. I have
stated every time I ha,ve been on the floor that
there ought to be a discrimination between the
superior quality of tobaccoand the ordinary qual-
ity. I have stated that fine-cut and twist tobacco
can better stand forty-five cents than ordinary
plug tobacco can stand twenty cents; but 1 can-
not get that discrimination; Senators will not let
me have it. The Finance Committee insist that
there can be no discrimination; that to allow it
will lead to fraud. I do not desire to have the
manufacturers in my State of the ordinary quality
of tobacco broken up in order to get what! think
is right. I think it is right to impose a superior
tax on superior tobacco. .
Mr. CLARIC. Allow me to inquire whether
the Senator is willing that the tax on fine-cut,
which is now fixed at forty-five cents, shall go
back to thirty-fivje with the rest.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not think that is
right; but rather tjian vote to break up the. man-
ufacturers of my State, I will vote to put these
grades back on an equality.
Mr. CLARK. I desire mainly to avoid the
discrimination; I do not care so much myself
whether the tax is thirty-five cents or forty-five
cents; I am willing to leave that to tl|e judgment
of Senators.
Mr. HENDERSON. I "will not divide the
western Senators on a subject of thi£ sort. 1 de-
sire to carry the measure,'and I do hot wisli our
people to be oppressively taxed.
Mr. CLARK. ' Everybody will ace that you
cannot have such a tax as the Senator from Mis-
souri or the Senator from Iowa proposes. You
cannot say that tobacco used to kill" ticks" shall
be taxed but five cents a pound; that tobacco of
the finest quality shall be taxed so and so, and the
next quality so and so.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me aslc whetherto-
bacco cannot be examined and graded by the in-
spectors just as well as whisky. You establish
a grade for whisky; you say that a gallon offirst
proof shall pay so much, and that if it is double
proof it shall pay double as much. Individuals
acquainted with this business, inspectors ap-
pointed for the purpose, can tell the quality of
tobacco just us well as a man can tell whether
whisky is first or second proof. There is no
difficulty about it. But the Finance Committee
insist that it shall not be done; I say it ought to
be done. 1 noticed the other day a sale of to-
bacco in Louisville, Kentucky, at four dollais a
pound in the leaf. Suppose that tobacco is put
up into chewing tobacco, is it right that it should
pay no more tax than the lug tobacco spoken of
by the Senator from Iowa which is put up into
plug tobacco? I say not. That tobacco is not
worth over three, four, or five cents a pound at
the outside, even at the present high prices, and
ordinarily it was worth from a cent and a half to
two cents before the rebellion.
Mr. CLARK. Commercially, I suppose fust
pioofand second proof are well known andPes-
tablished in reference to spirits. There is no first
'proof of tobacco.
Mr. HENDERSON. Cut there is first quality,
second quality, third quality.
Mr. CLARK. But they run into each other;
there is no distinct line of division. You may
have plug tobacco good or bad, you may have
twist good or bad, you may have cavendish good
or bad, you may have (iue-cutgood or bad. You
have to tax by the kind.
Mr. HENDERSON. You can have inspectors.
Mr. CLARK. Different inspectors would have
different lines. Neither can you value it by the
price; lot if you say that tobacco valued at such
a number of cents per pound shall pay so much
tax, and so on, you would have the line fluctu-
ating continually, and the man who was sharp
would get his tobacco of good quality under the
line, and you would have continued frauds all the
time. You must take some well-defined line, as
between smoking and chewing, or the grades of
chewing and smoking.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will suggest to the
Senator, with his permission, that whatever efforts
may be made by the manufacturers in my State
with the view which he suggests, the very mo-
ment the tobacco is sent toNew York and looked
:t by a purchaser there, he ean tell the exact
juality of the tobacco, and precisely what to pay
for it. The difference in quality and price will be
known to the inspectors and purchasers. When
a box of tobacco is opened, I care not how it is
branded, a man who knows anything of the busi-
ness can tell within half a cent what it is worth.
Mr. CLARK. Let us see how that would
work. A hogshead of tobacco is sent to the New
York market. It is opened or sampled. The
man who goes to buy it knows what he is will-
ing to give forit. " 1 will give you so many cents;"
but can you leave that to an assessor about a
tax ? Can you permit the assessor to go and
look into a hogshead and say what kind of to-
bacco that is, and how much tax he will put upon
it? The law has got to fix the tax before he sees
the tobacco.
Mr. HENDERSON. The very thing to which
the Senator objects was done in the law of 18G2.
Mr. CLARK. I begtheSenator'spardon. In
the present law it is just as it is here: cavendish,
plug, &c., fifteen cents; it is not graded by qual-
ity.
Mr. HENDERSON. Itis in the law of 1862.
I have it before me, and I will read from it:
"On tobacco, cavendish, plug) twist, fmo-cut, and man-
ufactured of ail descriptions, (not including snuff, cigars,
ami smoking tobacco prepared Willi all the stems in, or
made exclusively of stems,) valued at more than thirty
cents per pound, fifteen ceuw per pound; valued at any
sum not exceeding thirty cents per pound, ten cents per
pound."
Mr. CLA*RK. If the Senator will go on he
will find:
"On smoking tobacco piepaied with all the stems in,
live cents per pound."
And if he will go further he will find it more
distinctly defined still.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator will admit
that by that law the value of tobacco at thirty
cents a pound was the dividing line; all over that
was taxed fifteen cents; all under ten cents.
Mr. CLARK. As to that particular kind; and
the frauds under that particular kind have been
such that it is found absolutely necessary to ignore
that line of division, or you will get the lowest
tax on all.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am so informed by
members of the Finance Committee; bat I heard
nothing before of frauds of this sort.
Mr. CLARK. 1 have occasion to know from
information I have from the largest districts ol
the country where most of the tobacco is manu-
factured and sold, that such is the state of the
case, and that the tax cannot be well enforced if
that hue of distinction be continued, and hence
the House Committee of Ways and Means left
it out entirely, and I believe the Finance Com-
mittee of the Senate are unanimous that you can-
not tax it in that way and secure a revenue. We
think the dividing line between smoking and
chewing tobacco is distinct, and we have made
but one gradp ol smoking tobacco for the purpose
of securing the duty. 1 have no particular wish
about this matter except that the tax should be
made equal oil the same kind. 1 was induced to
recommend a tax of forty-five cents on fine-cut
upon limited information. 1 do not think that
distinction should be made.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like to inquire of the
Senator why a distinction cannot be made as to
the value of tobacco for the purpose of assessing
it, as well as a distinction in the value of cigars ?
Mr. CLARIv. Because the value of cigars, as
I am told, is deteimined very much by the way
they are made; and we have provided that every
box of cigars befoie it it. put into the market shall
bo inspected by an inspector. We have several
grades. He goes through and determines which
of those grades the particular cigars fall within,
and puts a stamp upon them. There is no such
provision in regard to tobacco; there cannot be.
Mr.GRIMES. There is no such provision in
the bill, I know; but perhaps the Senator is aware
that in tobacco-growing States there always have
been inspectors of tobacco under State authority
who have done that.
Mr. CLARK. Not in that way.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator would inquire
of gentlemen representing tobacco States, of the
Senators from Missouri and Kentucky, he would
find that it is so.
Mr. CLARK. There are inspectors of chew-
ing tobacco, but not ifi the way we have provided
for cigars. The Senator asked me to give area-
son why it should not be done in reference to to-
bacco as well as in reference to cigars.
Mr. GRIMES. I know there is no such pro-
vision here in reference to tobacco; but the Sen-
ator has failed to show me why such a division
cannot be made in regard to tobacco as it is in
regard to cigars. He says the cigars are made in
different ways. So is tobacco. Nearly all cigars
—we know how they are made—are made of
Connecticut-grown wrappers,and the best quali-
ties filled with Cuba filling. What is there pecu-
liar about that? They are going to continue to
make them precisely as they have been malting
them. I cannot see any reason why an inspector
of tobacco cannot just as readily determine the
value of the article as the inspector of cigars can
determine the value of the cigars. •
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to be perfectly
frank in relation to this matter. I think that the
proposition as it has been adopted, as 1 told the
Senator from New Hampshire at the time that he
charged me with having told him that I  
Mr. CLARIC. 1 charged the Senator with
nothing.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator said that I
suggested that the finer qualities of chewing to-
bacco could stand forty-five cents,
Mr. CLARIC. No. I inquired who first made
the suggestion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I admit that 1 so sug-
gested, and I did it for the purpose of making a
levenue; but I had no idea at that time that the
Senator would take the most common qualities of
tobacco and put them on an equality with the
finest chewing tobacco. I stated to the Senator
that a discrimination ought to be made between fine
tobacco and the common kind, that they ought not
to be put upon the same footing. Now, while I am
up and am talking on this subject, I desire to call
attention to an outrageous discrimination which
hasjust been alluded to by the Senator from Iowa;
and 1 have suggested it to the Senator from New
Hampshire, but have never said a word about it
in the'Senate. A tax of 45 cents a pound upon
common chewing tobacco which .costs say five,
six, or seven cents a pound after it is manufac-
tured is a very high tax. If the tobacco costs
7 cents, a tax of 45 cents would be over over 600
per cent. When you come to cigars, what is the
lax? The article of which cigars are made is
grown largely in the New England States, very
largely in the State of Connecticut. What sort
of discrimination is made here? While you im-
pose a tax of three, four, or five hundred percent,
on manufactured tobacco which is grown m the
western States, when you come to the article of
cigars made of tobacco grown in New England,
what sort of discrimination do you make?
On cigars valued at over §10 and not over$20pet thou-
sand, §Sper thousand.
Cigars worth $20 per thousand pay $8 a thou-
sand as tax, 40 per cent., while you tax us five
or six hundied per cent. I said at the same tiine
to the Senator from New Hampshire, as he will
bear me witness, that these cigars ought to be
taxed higher.
Again:
On cigars valued at over §20 and not over $40 per thou-
sand, §15 per thousand.
Cigars worth $40 a thousand are taxed $15, or
only 37| percent. Is there any equality about
a thing of this sort ? I say there is not, and 1
mentioned the matter in conversation to the Sen-
ator at the same time.
Oil cigars valued at over §40, and not over g75 per thou-
sand, per thousand ; valued at over -S'7-3 per thousand,
§40 per thousand.
Cigars valued at $75 or $100 a thousand are
taxed only $40 a thousand by this bill, while you
are taxing us three or four hundred per cent, oil
various articles of manufactured tobacco. If there
is any justice in this I have failed to see it. I
have never opened my mouth in the Senate in re-
