1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
103
38th Cong..., 1st Sess.
Democracy of Kentucky, dec.—Mr, Anderson.
Ho., of Reps.
the second lesolution has been reported bytheClcik in-
stead of the fiist.
" Mr. Holman. I raise the point of oidor that the first,
though ealled a resolution, is really in the nature of a pre-
amble-', and should be voted on last.
" Tlx; Speaker. It is not, however, a preamble. It
commences with the word 'resolved.5
"Mi. Holman. I suppose that the vote now can only
be set aside by unanimous consent.
" The Speaker. The Chair supposes that there can be
no objection to setting aside the roH-call.
"Mr. Holman. I object.
"The Speaker. The Chair will take the responsibility
of ordeiing the i oil-call to be suspended, subject to thecen-
suie of the House if he be wrong in doing &o.
"The Cleik repoited the first resolution.
"Mr. Cravens. I move to lay the resolutions on the
table.
"Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois. On that T call for the
yeas and nays.
"Mr. Cravens. I withdraw my motion to lay on the
table.
t " Mr. Ancona. I renew it.
' "Mi. Wasiibdrnej of Illinois. I call for the yeas and
nays.
"The yeas and nays were ordeied.
"The question was taken; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 60, nays 100; as follows:
" Yeas—Messrs. James C. All'??), William J. Allen, An-
emia, Blis<, Brooks, Chattier, Clay, Cotiioth, Cox, Cra-
veu.s. Dawson, Denison, Eden, Edgertoti, Eklririgc, Eng-
h>h, FinckjGiidt'i, Flail, l-Iarding, Harrington, Benjamin G.
II<ii t is Ch.u l('5> M. II.uus, llcrriek, William Johnson, Kcr-
lian, Kniff, Ktiapp, Law, L  Blond, Long, Mallory, Mc-
Dowell, xMeKmncy, Middleton, William H. Miller, James
K. Moi! is, Mon ison, NeNon, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendle-
ton, Rad(oid. Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogcis, James
S. iiohms, Ro.-s. John B. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart,
S we.it,V ooi hees Wad^woith,Wheeler, Chilton A. While,
JoiepU W. White, Winfield, and Fernando Wood—60.
w N Me-«> *. Allison, Ames, Atnold, Ashley, Baily,
C. Baldwin,John D. Baldwin, Beamatt, Blame,
Blow, BoutweM, Boyd, Brandegee, Broomall, James S.
Urnwii. William G. Blown, Ambrose W. Clark, Fieeman
Cjiiike, Cobb, Cole, Cie^well, Henry Winter Davis,
Thom.e- T. Davis, Dawes, Deniing, Dixon, Donnelly,
Diug.-, Duinont, Eel? ley, Eliot. Farusworih, Fen ton, Fiank,
Gan-o:i, Gat field, Gooclt, Gi innell,Gr'swold, Hale, Hiyby,
Iloon^r. Ilotehkis-. Asaln'l W. Hubbard, John II. Hub-
haul". Hulbuid, Hutch ins, Jencke*, Julian, Kass-on, Kellev,
Fianet-5 VV. Ivello;™;, Oiiando Kellogg, Loan, Lovejoy, Mar-
vin. MeAllibtei, MeBudc, MeCluig, Melndoe, Samuel F.
Miliar, Moorhead, Momll, Daniel Moms, Amos ftlvets,
Leonaid Myeis, Norton, Odell, Chatles O'Neill, Orth, Pat-
terson, Pcihant, Pike, Pomoioy, Puce, William II. Ran-
dall, Alexandei H. Rice, John II. Rice, Edwaid II. Rol-
lins, Schunck, Seoliekl, Shannon, Sloan,Smith, Simthers,
Spalding, Stebbm-, Stevens, Thayer, Ttacy, Van Valken-
buigit, Ward, Elihn B. Washhuine. Wtlliam 13. Washburn,
Whaley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom,and Wood-
bndge—100.
"So the House n'fuacd to lay the resolution on the
table.''
These resolutions are to the point; and it does
seem to mc tluit there is nothing in them to which
any m.ui could object who is really for crushing
the lohellion by the sword. Such being the fact,
how does it happen that gentlemen who claim to
l)e Union manifest so much opposition to these
lesoiutions? Why vote to lay them on the table?
If tlu* doctrines set forth are correct and ought
to be earned out by the constituted authorities,
why endeavor to bury them? These are ques-
tions which every Union man will demand should
be Miisweted by the sixty Representatives who
voted to lay them on the tabic. Mr. Chairman,
if this rebellion is not to be destroyed by force,
will gentlemen who oppose it being done in that
way tell us how it is to be done? Is it by com-
piomise, or conciliation? If the former, how
shall we set about it, when the rebels, from the
highest to the lowest, have declared time and time
again, upon every occasion, that they would agree
to nothing save the acknowledging of their inde-
pendence ? Evei y act and declaration of those in
rebellion is to this effect. Then why talk about
compromise unless you are willing to compro-
mise on that basis' Why is itthat when the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] introduced
his celebrated peace resolutions during the pres-
ent session of Congress, we find fifty-nine Repre-
sentatives voting against a motion to lay them on
the table; or, in other woids, voting to appoint
commissioners to open negotiations with the au-
thorities at Richmond, to the end that this war
shall cease?
u Mi. Fernando Wood submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was r<-ad by the UJeik:
" Wheieas the President, ID his message delivered to this
House on the 9th instant, and in his recommendation to
the people to assemble at their places of woibhip and give
thanks to Cod for recent victmiPs, claim* that the Union
cau-e has gaim-d impoitant and substantial advantages;
and whoieas, in view ot tlies?c triumph*, it is no longer be-
neath oui dignity, nor dangeious to our safety, to evince a
generous magnanimity becoming a great and poweiful peo-
ple by offering to the insurgents an opportunity to return to
the Union without imposing on them degrading or destruct-
ive conditions: Therefote,
" Resolved, That the President be requested to appoint
three commissioners, who shall be empowered to open ne-
gotiations with the authorities, at Richmond, to the end that
this bloody, destructive, and inhuman war shall cease, and
the Union be restored on terms of equity, fraternity, and
equality under the Constitution.
"Mr. Fernando Wood. I ask for its adoption; and on
that call for the previous question.
"Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid upon the table; and on that motion call for the
yeas and nays.
" The yeas and nays were ordered.
"The question was taken; and it was decided in the
afTnmattve—yeas 98, nays 59; as follows:
"Yeas—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Andeison, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Baily, John D. Baldwin. Baxter, Beaman, Blaine,
Jacob 13. Blair. Blow, BoutweM, Boyd, Braudegee, Broom-
ail, William G. Btown, Ambiose W. (Jlatk, Freeman
Clarke, Cobb, Cole,Creswell,Henry Winter Davis, D.uvos,
Deming, bixon, Donnelly, l)rig-?s. Pmnonl, Eeklev,Eliot,
Fain>wottlt, Fenton, Gannon, Garfield. Gooeh, Grinnell,
Grisvvold, Higby, Uooper, Uotchkiss, A&ahael VV. llubbard,
John II. Uubbatd, llulburd. Jenckes. Julian, Knsson, Fran-
cis W. Kellogir, Oiiando Kellogg, Loan, Lon«vear, Love-
joy, Marvin, MeBride, McCluig, Melndoe, Samuel F. Mil-
lar, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Mynis, Leon-
ard Myers, Noiton, Chatles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Per-
luim, Pike, Pomeroy, Piice, William H. Randall, Alexan-
der II. Rice, John H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Schenck,
Seofiold, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smithers, Spalding, Ste-
vens, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenburgh,
Ward, Ehlm B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wha-
ley. Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, Wood-
bridge, and Ycatnan—98.
" Nays—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen,
Ancona, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks, Chanler,
Clay, CofFioth, Cox, Ciavens, Daw-on, Denison, Eden,
Fidget ton, Fildrulge, English, Finck,Gnder, Ilardmsr, Har-
rington, Benjamin G. Iiuiris, Chailes M. flains, Heuiek,
Holman, William Johnson, Keriian, Kmg, Knapp, Law,
Lazcar, Le Blond, Lonar, Malloiy, Matey, McDowell, Mc-
Kinney, William 11. Miller, James It. Morris, Morihon,
Nelson, Noble. Ortoil, Jolm O'Neill, Pendleton, Robinson,
Jame> S. ttoihn*-, Rosj-, fcieott, Stebbins, John B. Steele,
Smart, Sweat, Vooihees, Wadswotih. Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, Winfield, and Fernando Wood—59.
<• So the resolution was laid upon the table."
All who thus voted, with perhaps one excep-
tion, belong to the Democratic party, or act in
conceit with it. "Why are gentlemen on this floor
so anxious to send comrrfissioneis to treat with
rebels and so loth to vote men and money to fight
them? The rebels began the war, struck the first
blow; and when they are satisfied with fighting,
and have fasted sufficiently of Yankee bullets and
bayonets, the presumption is that they will say
so, and lay down their arms ond submit to the
Constitution and laws of the U'nited States. Until
they do so, I never will by any act of mine say
compromise once.
Again, the armiesof the Government are need-
ing supplies of men and money. An enrollment
bill is reported from the Military Committee to
raise the troops called for by the Piesident; and
also to raise what may be deemed necessary m
the fufnre to put down the rebellion. To this bill
it was hoped there would be no opposition from
the Democratic party, especially as they have
voted, when forced by a majority of the House,
for the second resolution of my colleague, [Mr.
Smith,] "that it was the duty of Congress to
pass all necessary bills to supply men and money
to the constituted authorities of the Government
in crushing the rebellion;'' yet day by day they
discuss and denounce the bill by which alone the
armies of the Government can be filled to meet
the rebel hosts, and finally on its passage almost
to a man vote against it.
Such, sir, is the record of this party; a record
which cannot be defended before an enlightened
and patriotic people; a record in direct conflict
with the platform of the Union party in Ken- j
tucky; a leeord against the soklieis now in the
field, under the flag of the country, fighting armed
rebels; a iccord which already stands justly con-
demned by the voice of a fiee people—by the peo-
ple of my "State at the last August, election. This,
sir, is the party with which the Union men of my
State are told they must act in the coming presi-
dential contest. Sir, the Union men of Kentucky
will never forget their traditions for patriotism;
never forget the teachings of that statesman,
Henry Clay, whose principles they yet cling to,
so far as to join hands with the Vallandigham or
so-called Democratic party of the North. No,
sir, never; but her true sons will rally from her is
mountains, her rich valleys, and all along her i;
smiling plains, and act in concert with the true
Union men of the North and South, and at the :
ballot-box in November nextsay, by their votes,
to the Vallandigham Democracy, " Weighed in
the balance and found wanting" in patriotism.
The true friends of the Union men in the bor-
der States are the supporters of the constituted
authorities of the land, who are now and have all
the while been endeavoring to put down this*rc<?
bellion. We should not obstruct or endeavor to
thwart the President in his efforts to crush the
rebellion, by uncalled-for denunciations orunjust
criticism on his acts, even though we may differ
with him. To do so is to assist the insurgents,
and to give them "aid and comfort." * Sir, my
State has suffered enough in consequence of this
rebellion, and that too at the hands of rebels and
traitors, as is truthfully set forth in the fourth res-
olution adopted by the convention at Louisville,
Kentucky, referred to in a former portion of my
remarks ; but had she proved faithless to duty and
followed the advice of her traitorous sons, Breck-
inridge, Burnett,and others, her situation would
have been ten-fold worse; her fields would have
been desolated, and devastation would have swept
over her like a tornado. The effects of this un-
justifiable rebellion are, however, to be seen all
over the State; in home circles, broken families,
separated and imbittered on the causes of this
terrible contest.
Sir, to be a Union man in a slave State is no
easy task; he suffers the taunts and jeers of those
who are ignorant, led on by designing dema-
gogues, who too cowardly to fight remain at home
with an oath on their conscience, protected by
the Government, but on all occasions are talking
about the Constitution and its violation by the
President and those aiding him in crushing the
rebellion. These arc the men in my Slate who
call themselves Democrats. They are the men
with whom the so-called Democrats oftheNorth
sympathize; and it is such conduct as this, in my
judgment, which is prolonging the war; and be-
fore God and the country, 1 believe that the op-
position to the prosecution of the war by men
professing to be Union men has largely contrib-
uted to keep up this struggle to the present time.
All the acts of the Opposition in this House, to-
gether with all the declarations of its members,
show to the world that they are opposed to de-
stroying the rebellion by force of arms. They
declare over and over again that war cannot bring
peace, and that the people in rebellion can never
be subjugated. These declarations and this op-
position is made known to the rebels, and it has
the effect, whether intended or not, to give them
encouragement and make them hold out longer
in the struggle. Why is it, if these gentlemen
are for crushing the rebellion, they do not rise
above all party feeling and prejudice, and by their
acts, their votes, and speeches, aid the constituted
authorities oftheland in destroying the rebellion?
If this course was pursued we would all be united
and no power under heaven could defy us. The
Opposition may think that the measures adopted
by the President are not the bestadapted success-
fully to put an end to the rebellion; but by the
Constitution he is Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy, and it is the duty of all good
citizens to aid and strengthen^ him in his efforts
to restore peace and tranquillity to our bleeding
cou ntry.
Mr. Chairman, there is no difference in moral
guilt between those wbo adhere to a foreign des-
pot and those who encourage a domestic traitor. A
tyrant in 177G attempted to smother a country in
its infancy. Traitors in 1864 seek to destroy a
nation in its manhood. Those who gave aid and
comfort in 1776 to the enemy, either openly or
secretly, were not as culpable as those who now
either openly or covertly sustain this infamous re-
bellion. The Tories of 1776, the nullificationists
of 1832, and the opposcrs of this war, will all in
our country's future history be consigned to one
common grave of infamy and execration. Trttf
and devoted Unionism knows no conditions, but
stands by the constituted and lawful agents of
the Government in all their action to crush the
rebellion—scrutinizing such action, it is true, but
doing so like earnest patriots, not like covert trai-
tors. In times like these party spirit should be
hushed. That spirit was hushed in the Revolu-
tion when our fathers were struggling to establish
this Government. And when the hero of New
