1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
gard to this discrimination, but I feel it my duty
now to do it, and 1 call attention to it.
I called the attention of the Senator from New
Hampshire to it, and I asked that it should be
made equal. 1 said to him that 1 thought a tax
of 35 cents a pound upon the various articles of
plug tobacco was exorbitant. At the same time
1 st&ted to him that a tax of 45 cents a pound
may be very well laid upon the finest article of
fine-cut tobacco and upon twist tobacco, but it
will be injurious to the otherarticles. If no other
discrimination can be made, if the committee will
consent to none other, then I will vote with the
Senator from Michigan to reduce the tax entirely
to 35 cents. I .do not wish to be sectional; but
if the manufacturers in our country are to be
broken up, if Senators from New England will
vote in a body and will make no discrimination,
if after raising the finer quality with a view to get
revenue they then bring up the coarser qualities
of tobacco, I, for one, am ready, and I am frank
in saying so, to go back and put it all at 35 cents
apoi*nd.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It being now
half past four, the Senate will take a recess until
seven o'clock this evening;.
JEVENfNG SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p. m.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 29th of April, a copy of the re-
port made by the military commission appointed
to examine into military operations in theWestern
depai tment, of which commission Major General
McDowell was president, together with all letters
in the War Department touching the subjects
embraced in that report; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution from the House of Rep-
resentatives (No. 90) to refer the claim of Nahum
Ward back to the Court of Claims was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Ciaims.
3). ITrZGERALD AND J. BALL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask leave to withdraw
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
Senate passed the bill (S. No. 244) for the relief
of Daniel Fitzgerald and Jonathan Ball.
The PRESIDENT pi*o tempore. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE objected to its withdrawal, but sub-
sequently said: Some explanation has been made
to me which induces me to withdraw my-objec-
tion to the withdrawal of the motion to recon-
sider by the Senator from Michigan.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The objection
's withdrawn; and the motion to reconsider is
withdrawn if there be no further objection.
PUNISHMENT 01? COUNTERFEITING.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to take up for
vonsideration the bill (H. R. No. 455) to punish
ind pi event the counterfeitingofcoin of the United
States.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent; and the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill. It pro-
vides that if any person, except as now author-
ized by law, shall hereafter make or cause to be
made, or shall utter or pass, or attempt to utter
or pass, any coins of gold or silver, or other metals
or alloys of metals, intended for the use and pur-
pose of current money, whether in the resemblance
of coins of the United States or of foreign coun-
tries, or of original design, he shall, on convic-
tion, be punished by fine not exceeding $3,000,
or by imprisonment for a term not exceeding five
years, or both, at the discretion of the court, ac-
cording to the aggravation of the offense.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third tune, and passed.
CENSUS IN 1863.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to take up for consid-
eration Senate joint resolution No. 45.
Mr. HALE. What is it?
Mr. FOOT. Before the question is put upon
giving unanimous consent, I think the mover or
the Chair ought to direct that the title of the bill
or joint resolution should be given so that Senators
may know what it is, in order to decide whether
they are to give unanimous consent or not.
Mr. HARRIS. It is simply in relation to the
taking of a census.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New York asks unanimous consent to take
up Senate joint resolution No. 45 in relation to the
taking of acensus in the year 1865. Is there any
objection to its present consideration?
Mr. COLLAMER.# I object on account of the
present condition of the Senate. I wish to have
such matters taken up in the Senate only when
it is reasonably full.
COAL LANDS AND TOWN PROPERTY.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask unanimous consent to
take up for consideration Senate bill No. 264, for
the disposal of coal lands and of town property
on the public domain. I think it will not origin-
ate any discussion.
By unanimous consent the bill was read the
second time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that is too much
of a bill to be taken up in the present state of the
Senate. We had better not proceed any further
with it to-night.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state to the Senator
that it has been carefully examined by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office and by the
Committee on Public Lands. The object is to
enabl^persons to obtain titles to town lots in
advance.of public surveys. Frequently towns
spring up and have thousands of inhabitants
many years before the public surveys are ex-
tended to them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
it is all light; but in the present thin state of the
Senate, with no one's attention called to it, it is
hardly wise to take up a bill of that .character.
Mr. HARLAN. I will slate to the Senator
that this is a bill which will bring some money
into the Treasury from the proceeds of coal lands
and town lots.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that I
have any objection to it.
Mr. HARLAN. We usually report bills ap-
propriating money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We give something for
the money we get, then; do we not?
Mr. HARLAN. We aie realizing nothing:
whatever from them now. The coal lands are
lying idle.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have very great con-
fidence in the Senator from Iowa, and m what he
says; but 1 think the bill is too important to be
considered in this thin Senate. 1 think we had
better proceed with business regulailv.
Mr. IIARLAN. I will consent to let it go over.
INTERNA L HEYENUE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The business before the Senate is
bill II. R. No. 405, to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes. The pend-
ing question is on the motion of the Senator from
New York [Mr. Harris] to reconsider the vote
agreeing to the amendment of the Senator fiom
New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] raising the duty
on certain descriptions of tobacco from thirty-five
to forty-five cents.
Mr. CLARK. I would not detain the Senate
further if it had not been for a remark or two
made by the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Hen-
derson] in regard to this matter. He called the
attention of the Senate to what he said was an
outrageous discrimination in this bill, a discrim-
ination between the tax on tobacco manufactured
and on cigars, and then he called the attention of
the Senate to the difference between the tobacco
of the West and the tobacco of the East, and men-
tioned Connecticut.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to say, and I think
the Senator from Missouri will believe me when
I say, that in al! this consideration of the taxation
of tobacco or cigais, whether it was on chew-
ing or smoking, u did not once enter my he.ul at
any time where the tobacco was maimfaetuied, or
where the tax would bo levied. I had not thought
over that until it was mentioned by the Senator;
and I desire now entirely to put from me and that
the Senator should put fromhim all considerations
of that kind; and if it shall turn out that tcrbaceo
of one kind is taxed unjustly when compaied
with another, 1 hope the Senate will rectify any
mistake of that kind.
The Senator says that cigars are made ^Con-
necticut, or rather the tobacco made for the* cov-
ering of cigars is grown there, wrappers as they
arc called I think. I never use tobacco in any
way, and perhaps if I mistake the terms I may
be pardoned; I certainly should be at a loss to
judge as to the quality, for I do not know any-
thing about it from its use, though I have some
information as to the manufacture. If it should
turn out that there has been any injustice done to
anjr portion of the country in that particular, !
desire that it should be corrected; but 1 will ask
Senators to turn their attention to the present law
on the subject; and here I will state that I was
entirely right before the recess as to what was the
rate of taxation on tobacco now. I said there was
no line of valuation iit the tax. The Senator said
theie was in the act of 3862, and he read the act
of 1862; but that is not the act under which to-
bacco is now taxed. There is no valuation of
manufactuied tobacco as now taxed. Tobacco
is taxed under the act of March 3, 1863, and the
provisions of that act are these: ^
ct On tobacco, cavendish, plug, twist, fine-cut, and man-
ufactured of all d<veiijmoui*, (not including s>nuflT, cigars,
and smoking tobacco ptepared wnli all the stem*? In or made
exclusively of stems,) lifteen cents per pound."
Just in the same way that we propose to tax
it, only not, described in the same way. The act
under which tobacco is now taxed lays a tax on
all kinds of manufactured tobacco alike, a tax of
fifteen cents a pound, with no valuation, no grade.
We propose to follow the policy of the Govern-
ment. The Government never did value manu-
factured tobacco except for a paitof one year,
and after a short experience they altered the law,
and laid that valuation entirely aside, because it
was so productive of frauds. We only propose
now to follow the policy adopted more than a
yearago, taxing the tobacco in the same way, but
increasing the tax; and flow, if the Senator from
Missouri will give me a moment's attention, I
think I shall show to him from the piesent state
of the law and what we propose to do that we
have not been unjust to the West nor partial to
New England, taking it for granted that the to-
bacco from which chewing tobacco w made comes
from the West, and taking it for granted, as he
seems to suppose, that tobacco fiom which the
best cigars are made comes from Connecticut.
The present rate of taxation on manufactuied
tobacco is fifteen cents a pound. That is the tax
we pi o pose to make forty-five. That is just tie ti-
ling the tax, making it three times as much as it
was a year ago. Now, what is the present late
in regard to cigais ? That will determine whether
we have made an unjust discrimination or not.
The present law is:
'■ On cjjj.us valued at not over ,$5 pei thousand, $1 50 per
thousand." *
We bring the tax on those cigars up to three
dollars a thousand in this bill. Again:
<• On oigais valued at over $5 and not over $10 per thou-
sand, £3 pei thousand."
We say in this bill that the tax on cigars valued
at over #6 and not over &20 a thousand shall be $8
a thousand, four times as much. Then on cigars
between §20 and $35 a thousand in value, we
here put a tax of $15 a thousand. By the present
law cigars between $10 and $20 a thousand pay
$2 50 per thousand, and over $20, $>3 50. We
make a tax of $40 a thousand, eleven tunes as
much as it was before, and that is discrimina-
ting in favor of Connecticut. We only put thiee
times the present tax on chewing tobacco, and we
put eleven times on the higher-priced cigars, and
that is an outtageous disciimination in ftU'or of
Connecticut. I hope the Senator will agiee with
me that I did not think anything about Connec-
ticut when that tax was proposed; I had it not in
my mind. My desire was to get the most ieve-
nue for the Government out of these things and
not dnve them out of consumption.
Now, let me make a suggestion to gentlemen
of the West. They disagree among themselves
as to the amount of the tax. If they will settle
among themselves how their different grades of
tobacco sihcill be taxed, giving the most revenue
to the Government, I shall be entirely content,
