686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Association of the State of Arkansas." Is the
Union Association a State? Is it, as a body of
m« i, known to the law? Is it a government? Is
it anything excepting a caucus collected together,
sanctioned by the military authorities, to send
members to this House?
Now, in reference to another point made by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, I respectfully say
that a " military governor" is appointed under
no law of the United States; he has no,assigned
functions. It is a mere name creutcd in an office
in Washington and given to a man who is not
charged with any legalduties. Agoneral is known
to the law and has a right to exercise all over the
rebel country within the limits of his command
the authority of a military commander; that is,
to remove traitors, to suppress violence, and to
cxercise' the ordinary police powers in time of
war. Beyond that he has no power. And when
the gentleman refers to the judgment of the Su-
preme Court with reference to Cahfot nia,and says
that they recognized the authority of a military
governor, I respectfully differ from him as to the
judgment of the Supreme Court. They recog-
nized the right of the President of the United
States to levy military contributions m Mexico,
flagrante bello. When thai " military governor,"
as lie is called, undertook to create a court to de-
termine on questions of prizes in California, the
Supreme Court said there was no authority to
exercise that function of Government excepting
by the legislative authority of the United States.
It is only under the assumption of illegal author-
ity by the Executive—one of the mako-shifis of
the times; because, in my judgment, Congress
has not done its duty in prescubing how the na-
tional authority shall be enforced over the rebel-
lious States, that such u thing as a military gov-
ernor" is known anywhere.
Mr. DAWES. 1 Vill state to the gentleman
what 1 understand the decision of the Supreme
Couit to have been in the California case. A
collector of customs was appointed by the mili-
tary governor of California. lie instituted rules
and regulations, attempting to give to them the
force of law, as to the manner of collecting and
tin1 amount of the customs. They covered thiee
peiiods of time; one period during the war, a
second period alter the war had ceased and before
the revenue laws of the United States were by act
of Congress extended over thatTerritory, and a
thud peiiod after by act of Congiess the leveuue
laws were extended over that Territory but before
the collector appointed under those laws readied
California. The duties collected were paid over
by that collector into the hands of the collector
appointed under the law of Congress. Suit was
brought to recoverthemoney thuspaul undei pro-
test. The decision of the Supreme Couitcovered
the three points, flagrante bello> in peace without
revenue laws,and while theie were revenuelaws
but no other officer but the nulitaiy governor and
his collector. I submit to my learned friend that
1 am entirely mistaken in my reading if the Su-
preme Court of the United States did not. sanction
the rules and legislations and give to them the
force of law for the periods while war was taking
between the cessation of hostilities and the exten-
sion of the revenue laws over that poi t, and while
there were no other officers but the military gov-
ernor The authority for the appointment of a
military governor is discussed in that opinion,
discussed by the Secretary of State at that time
and by the then President of the United States.
It \h founded by them all in the authority of the
Commandc r-in Chief to appoint all the militai y
officers necessary to carry fait his functions as
Commander-in-Chief. My fiiend might just as
wUI inquire of ine what legal authority there is to
place pickets on the frontier line of our forces, or
to place a guard over prisoners of war, as to in-
quire of me what legal authority, if he mean statute
authoiity, there is for the appointment of a mili-
tary governor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. A military gov-
ernor is an officer unknown to the laws of the
United States. Ho is charged with no functions
by law. Hisappointment isnotconfiimed by the
Senate. He has no fixed salary. He is a mere
agent of the President without any authority of
law whatever to appoint him. If he be an inci-
dent of the police of the camp, well and good.
Tluu gWra U im no authority to institute a po-
litical movement. By reference to the Supreme
Court reports it will be seen that it was decided
that the money collected was not even money in
the Treasary of the United States, and I think
that Congress had to pass a law subsequently to
enable it to go into the Treasury.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me a single word ?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not wish that we shall
inadvertently, by any record of ours, so entangle
ourselves that hereafter we may be estopped from
denying the particular condition of those States.
Differing equally with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts and with the gentleman from Mary-
land on their expressed notions about the status
of those States, and yet considering that before
the case g#es to the Commtltce of Elections, the
condition of the State ought to be decidcd, and
that speedily. I hope it will be seen by all the
gentlemen of the House that the best disposition
to make of the case is to refer the question to the
sclect committee on the insurrectionary States.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, is the Congressof the
United States confined to that side of the House?
The SPEAKER.- The Chair was waiting for
some gentleman to call his attention to the fact
that gentlemen are not in their seats, as the rule
requires. Cfentlemen standing in the aisies must
resume their seats.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether he could
not find authority for the Committee of Elections
over this subject, when he found authority for his
vote to admit West Virginia, and with his leave
I will read his views on that subject, that the
House may sec where he is leading us. This is
what my friend said:
l- I shall vote for tlie adim^ion of this State, and f de-
sire to ht.ue the gitalin^ for «o lining. I do not de-ur to
bo understood as bem«r deluded by ihe idea 11),it we aie ad-
mitting ibi^ Stale in pui-uauee of any pro\i-ions of the
CtmMilution. 1 lira! nofiich provision that iihtitus it, and
llie argument in favor of tlx- voiif-iitutiouunty or it is ono
got up !>> tliOM; who  -'iliiei honestly enteitaru, I think, an
enoneous opinion, m who desire to jn-.ti! \, bv a tuiccd con-
.stiue tion.au aet which thej have predetermined to do. By
the Constitution a Stale may be divided by the eon.-'Mif ol
the Le^iflatuie thereof, and by the eons-en I of Congress ad-
mitting the new State into the Union.
"Now, so-, it i-, but moi Kcry, m my judgment, to tell me
that the Legislature of Vugmu lias ever eoi'rsentcd to tins
division."
Further on the gentleman says:
" But, sir, F understand that these proceeding all take
place, not under any [netcnse of le^al or constitutional
hut in virtue ot the I uw ot war ; and b\ the law* ol
nations theodaws are just what wo choose to make then)."
This is the lead of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and I wain this side of the House
against following it.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 am very much obliged to
the gentleman. These are precisely the doctrines
that I hold yet. When West Vnginia applied
lor admission, it was pretendtd that old Vnginia
had given her consent to the partition, because a
few gentlemen in old Virginia had gone to one
comer of that State, at Wheeling, and declared
that they wore old Vnginia, and that they con-
sented to the partition, and then that, they were
West Virginia, and consented to make it a new
State.
Mr. DAWES. I am not justifying the vote,
for I voted against it.
Mr. STEVENS. I know that the gentleman
voted ngainM it, because he did not believe that
the Constitution permitted it.
Mr. COX.. Will the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania yield tu me ?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. COX. Do 1 understand the gentleman from
Pennsyi vatua to say that the memhei s on that side
ofihe House voted for theadunssion of West Vir-
ginia, knowing that it was a violation of the Con-
stitution ?
Mr, STEVENS. No; it was only I that did
that. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. Knowing that it was the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania who did that, 1 want
to warn the House, lest by again following him
they commit other errors.
Mr. COX. Take it as a warning to do so no
mote.
Mr. STEVENS. I do take it as a warning. I
know that the gentleman fi <>m Massachusetts has
a gieat respect for me, and 1 am always glad |
when he finds something 1 have said worth lead- i
ing. As lie lias read what I said upon the ad- I
mission of West Virginia imo the Union, I hope
that he will read also whatt said about the in-
vestigating committee last Congress.
Mr. DAWES. The last House disposed of
what the gentleman said about that by a majority
of four to one.
Mr. STEVENS. To go on with what I was
saying: I do not regret having voted in favor of
the admission of West Virginia. I do not say
that it was in accordance with the Constitution
administered in time of peace. I knew that the
Constitution and martial law were notat war with
each other. I do not regret having voted for the
admission of West Virginia, except when I find
its members voting against us,and then I wish it
the other way. [Laughter.]
I did not rise to make a speech. I am glad that
the House is in a good humor, and I expect that
it is ready now to vote. I move that the credentials
be referred to the select committee on the recon-
struction of the States, and on that motion I call
for the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCXC. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question for that purpose.
Mr. SCFIENCK. Mr. Speaker, it is not, in
my opinion, important whether this paper, pur-
porting to be the credentials, I believe, of some
gentleman elected from the State of Arkansas,
shall go to the Committee of Elections, the select
committee on reconstruction of the rebellious
States, or to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Either one of those committees would satisfy me.
I desire to say, Mr. Speaker, that this debate
proves one thing, if nothing more: that, as the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] has
said, underneath this question of the admission of
a gentleman as a member upon this floor there is
a more importan t question, and that is whether
there is a State to be represented here or not. Be-
lieving that to be the case, I think that the lef-
erenee should take such shape, whether by going
to one committee or another, that it should be ac-
companied by instructions directing the commit-
tee to investigate and report upon the main fact
before the incidental question is reached or can be
properly disposed of. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania has moved that the credentials be re-
ferred to the select committee on the rebellious
States. I think myself that there is an appro-
priateness in that. That committee, if I remem-
ber the resolution defining its power, was ap-
pointed for the purpose of considering the plan
of reconstruction contained in the President's mes-
sage, and all questions pertinent thereto, if it be
that that select committee was raised with a view
to consider this very question, whether a Slate
exists there or not, then these credentials should
properly be referred to it.
But, as I have said, I am indifferent to what
committee they should go. Still, to whatever com-
mittee they are referred, I want the committee to
be instructed to treat first what the gentleman
from Massachusetts has called the underlying
que&tion before reaching the subordinate questions.
I move, thciefore, as an amendment to the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the follow-
ing instructions: that the committee investigate
and report, by bill or otherwise, whether there is
any suth existing organized government in the
State of Arkansas as entitles the State and its
people to be represented in the Congress of the
Ijntted States.
On that proposition I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. What xs to be understood by
reporting by bill or otherwise? 1 suggest to the
gentleman that there is no particular occasion,
either in the position taken by the Committee of
Elections or othenvise, to treat the Committee of
Elections differently from what you would any
other committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my demand for
the previous question in onler to reply to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. The gentleman in-
quires what 1 mean by requiring of this committee
to report by bill or otherwise." What 1 mean is,
to make the power of the committee broad enough
to cover any contingency in the case. If they
shall come to the conclusion that there is a State
here with a constitution knocking through its
Uepicsentatives for admission at the door of the
United States, that they may present a bill for the
