3L732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
lions in paper money. Indeed, we are now trav- j
elingfastinthefootstcpsofSecretary Memminger, ;
and if our resources were not infinitely greater I
thai) those of the South, if our means were not
as a hundred to one of theirs, if our numbers
.were not infinitely greater, we should soon be
driven into that gulf of repudiation into which
Memminger himself is now plunging. Avoid it,
then. Shrink -back from this gulf of perdition,
Mr- Secretary. Stand by precedent and princi-
ple, and remember there is no money but gold,
.and no source of property but labor.
The remedies proposed fortius unhappy state
■of tilings by the honorable gentleman from Ver-
.rnont [Mr. Morrill] and by my colleague from
'New York [Mr. Stebbins] is a heavier tariff, high
enough to exclude importations; or, if not that,
a great increase of duties to prohibit luxurious
importations. If I understood my colleague from
New Yorkaright, ho was forexcludingeverything
in the way of foreign importations. He wasior
cu tting off this whole source of our troubles and for
•shutting off the great mass of foreign commerce.
Why, sir, that would be killing the goose which
laid the golden egg. It is indispensably neces-
sary for us to have a large foreign commerce, in
order that we may collect duties in gold, because
our only means of paying interest 011 the public
debt is by receipts at the custom-house. The
honorable gentleman from Vermont tells us that
ourannual expenditure in gold coin for interest 011
the public debt is $43,000,000. Well, we must col-
lect $43,000,000 in gold; and in order to do that
.there must bo 110 prohibitory duties. Customs
mustbe paid. Importations must be encouraged.
Comnicrce must goon and be sustained. Hence,
in framing a tariff, true wisdom will consist not
in leveling lines of dutv at twenty-five or fifty per
&nt, us proposed yesterday, but in discrimina-
tions between ceitain duties and certain articles.
Some articles may have tho duties largely in-
creased. On others the existing duties should be
diminished. 1 do not wish the United Slates to
adopt tho system of the Chinese, or of the Japa-
nese, (for the Chinese have given itup,)and shut
ourselves up from all the other nations of the
earth. But the whole system of paper money in
vicious; we are moving in a circle of vicious ne-
cessity. Wo must import. We must buy foreign
goods. We must buy silks tuid satins and laces
isnd tapestriesand carpets, because it is indispens-
ably necessary to have §43,000,000 in coin col-
lected therefrom, in order lo have com for the pay-
ment of'eur interest on the national debt. Hence
k would almost seem as if we must make paper
money at home to enable people to be rich enough
to buy luxuries from abroad; and then when we
start wrong we move in this e,irele of a vicious
necessity. The curtailment ofthecurrrncy, how-
ever, is indispensably necessary as a first check
upon importations. And that is the only way to
check too large Importations. But while the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has been expanding the
currency, he or his friends seem amazed at the
enormous amount of importations into the port
of New York. They cannot comprehend it.
Why, the explanation of it is all clearly in the
$680,000,000 of lus own paper currency. Justas
you make money plenty in this country, to that,
then, the dearest market in the world, will rush
importations from the cheap markets of that woi Id.
The great cause of importations is the axpansion
of the cunency; and the true way, 1 repeat, to
check the enormous importation is to check the
expansion of the currency.
1 will not detain the House by showing what
are statistical facts on this result, but it is worth
while to look at the few biief records which I
have before me, for the purpose of our own con-
templation and instruction.
i hold in my hand a table of the imports of
New York, from January 1, 18G4, to April 1,
1864. In that period of time, the impoits were:
In lfc0'2 $46,538,560
Jn 1BG3  51,268,439
la 1364  63,369,701
In the same period of time the exports were:
111 1S63 ...$32,599,140
In lbG3    01,603.3-10
In 1864    38,869,2*5
That diminution 111 exports took place because
in no jsmuli degree our people have turned spec-
ulators, not produce?*, Any one seems a block-
head fiow-n-iiavs who lives in the country, rais-
ing potatoes and cabbages, when he can go to
New York and make §20,000 or $30,000111 a day.
Last Monday week 1 saw a long queue mnged
around the New York custom-house waiting turns
to buy gold certificates at 65, while gold was sell-
ingat 75. Laboringmen quitwoikand assembled
around the custom-house. They gathered thereat
threeo'clock in the morning, but the police would
not allow them to form a queue till six o'clock.
Then they formed a queue, the strongest beating
back the weakest. There they stood till the cus-
tom-house. opened at ten o'clock. Brokers or
their agents, going down there at eleven or twelve
o'clock and seeing the small chance they had if
they took their places behind of getting theirgold.
certificates, looked about in the queue for men
who looked as if they were not in great need of
gold certificates, and induced them to yield their
places for two or three hundred dollars. A man
is a fool to handle .a trip-hammer, or to dig or
work, when he can go into Wall street and earn
§300 by standing ill a queue from threeo'clock in
the morning till twelve noon. That was one re-
sult of the plan adopted by the Secretary of the
Treasury to make gold cheaper, while he kept 011
issuing paper, and the whole thing became so
ridiculous that by general consent it was aban-
doned.
As I was about to say, the exportation was
§38,969,225. Now look at the statistical results.
Our imports are computed at gold value, while
our exports are computed at the value of legal-
tender notes. And the figures I have stated will
produce this result.
The imports,gold value,from January 1,1864,
to April 1, 1864, were $63,679,701; while the cx-
poitsfor the same ptniod, 111 gold value, were but
about $25,000,000; so that tho surplus imports
from January 1,1864, to April 1,18G4, were about
$38,000,000. The imports for a single week prior
to April 1, 18C4, wen- $6,138,714, while the ex-
ports for the same period, gold value, were but
about §2,000,000, paper value being §3,177,025;
making a surplus of imports of some ^4,000,01(0
over the exports for a single week into the port
of New York.
And, s.;',justas you expand the currency of the
country, no matter what regulations you make
in regald to gold, or ordinances you pass, 110 mat-
ter what tariffs you may impose, just as you ex-
pand the currency, the importations will increase.
What cares the man who is making $30,000 a
week what he pays, what tariff you impose upon
the silks and satins that his wife may want to
purchase? Nothing whatever. The duty may be
two or three bundled per cent., and if his family
wanted the silks and satins most unquestionably
he would pay the duty. I dare say my friend
who stayed in that queue of which 1 have spoken,
and earned §300 by it 111 a single day, having
never earned money so easily before, wont to
Stewart'sand bought silks and satins for his wife
and children, depositing it all for the benefit of
the manufacturers of England and Fiance. I say,
then, Mr. Chairman, that these statistics impress
upon my mind,andl think will impress upon the
mmd of the public, the fact that the source of all
our difficulty is not 111 our importations, but in
the expansion of our currency.
Mr, Chairman, I believe 1 will not trouble the
House any longer with the narration of these sta-
tistics. My geneiahdens, 1 think 1 have impressed
upon gentlemen, and I hope they will bear them
in mind. I assure gentlemen 011 the other side of
the House that 1 have 110 other object in present-
ing these views than the public good. Their for-
tune is my fortune; their misfortune is my mis-
fortune. Weare 111 the common ship of State, all
going together. As I said 111 the outset, I know-
that 1 am only a passenger in that ship—a pas-
senger confined 111 the cabin too. But 1 am sail-
ing under the same flag to the same destiny that
they are, and trust that God will piosper thumin
the voyage for the restoiation of the unity and
Constitution of our common country.
Permit me to do, then, what a Quaker of Mas-
sachusetts was driven to do when on board a pri-
vateer in the last war with Great Britain. He
happened to be off the coast of Massachusetts on
a privateer, going to some port in his own State,
when they were attacked by a British privateer.
He witnessed the mismanagement of the steering
and the mismanagement of the guns until he could
endure it no longer, and, Quaker as he was—a
peace Democrat—and opposed to the war as he
was, he broke the shackles of his principles, and
leaping out upon deck he stud to the captain: " If
thee wants to take that British rascal thee must
steer so and so, and shoot thy guns so. 1 am
opposed to shooting, but if thee wants to take
that ship thee must shoot thy guns so and so,"
[showing how.]
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee here informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the Chair, a message was
received from the Senate informing the House that
the Senate have agreed to the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 126)
to amend an act to incorporate the inhabitants of
the city of Washington, passed May 15, 1620.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill (No. 38)
to authorize the settlement of the accounts or'A.
Bush,late public printer of tho Teriitory of Or-
egon; in which be was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
The committee then resumed its session, atitl
proceeded again to the consideration of the
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. BROOKS. Sir, 1 tell honorable gentlemen
upon the other side of this House that if they
would succeed they must follow principles and
precedents in'the conduct of tho war. They must
not be ever running in debt and never paying. Tax-
ation is indispensably necessary, all men ac-
knowledge. This tax bill ought to have been here
in December last and not postponed till now,
when its machinery can bebrougut to work only
after the presidential election. It ought to have
preceded all the appropriations. Nay, it should
have been introduced and put in opeiation two
years ago. With taxation will come reflection.
Passion will subside, and reason will resume its
sway, if we are to go on with the war we shall
go 011 with it for constitutional purposes, and the
administration of the Government will pass into
the hands of constitutional men. But in the dis-
cussion of this subject of taxation and currency,
t intend to refiaiu, as much as possible, from all
party provocation. If I know my own heart, I
am no mere party man, and my highestambition
is to serve my country uidependentof, anil above
all party. I happen to be adverse to the Repub-
lican party at tins timf; because, trained as I was
in the schools of Clay and Webster, 1 cannot be
a modern Republican without an ntiei abandon-
ment of every great lesson they left or taught.
Whenever the R.epublicansare ready toeome over
to the great principles of a Clay and a Webster,
or to that Whig party with winch 1 was so long
identified, I shall be too happy to act once more
with many an old, but now lost political friend. I
stand now where I have stood in public life, more
or less, for twenty-five years, upon great princi-
ples and precedents; and those {Jimci pies and pre-
cedents leave me now no association but with the
Democratic party. I shall stand there as long as
they stand there, and I see little or no hope now
for my country but 111 then- restoiation to power.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I want the
gentleman from New York to state whether In- is
ill favoi of the passage 01 amendment or rejection
of this tax bill.
Mr. BROOKS. I remember some years ago
when 1 was 111 the LegislatuM-of New York, there
was presented a codification of the State laws, a
huge book much bigger than this, [holdingnp tho
tax bill.] and we had to take it on faith 111 a lump.
Ill all probability we shall have to take this, or the
most of it, 011 trust and 111 a lump, for butfew
can get time even to read it, and I hope that there
will be 110 misplaced confidence 111 the committee
that reports it. 1 can assure the gentleman from
Connecticut hisfriends will have 00 trouble fiom
me 111 passing it.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman, however agree-
able it would be to investigate the political and
mental processes of the gentleman fiotn New
Yolk [Mr, Brooks] in his transitions from that
Whig party which he now recommends to us,
however important it would be to asceitain by
what system of ratiocination as the Wing party
declined 111 power he declined into the Know-
Nothing party 
Mr. BROOKS-. Will the gentleman permit me
to inten upt him <
Mr. KASSON. Not now, as 1 have some-
thing more to say in the same direction.
