1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2709
Let the inspector, whoever he is, be a judge of
tobacco and the price, and he will reach the re-
sult as unerringly and justly fur the Government
and all concerned in one case as the other.
My impression is that in order to tax tobacco
justly, it is necessary to grade it. On that tobacco
which is worth say thirty cents a pound,fix one
tax, that which is worth forty cents fix a higher
tax, that winch is worth fifty cents fix a higher
tax, that which is worth sixty or seventy cents
or one dollar fix a still higher tax, I think the
cigars are taxed in a proper and equitable mode
in this bill. I think the grades are proper, and
I tell the Senator what I know of my own per-
sonal knowledge, that there is no more difficulty
in inspecting the manufactured tobaccos than there
is in inspecting the cigars and fixing the proper
value.
I have been beset by a great many persons
about the tax bill. If a man comes about who
has a large quantity of whisky on hand, in nine
cases to one he will tell you that it will bear a very
heavy tax; and if a man comes about that has a
very laige quantity of the lower grades of manu-
factured tobacco on hand, lie will tell you to tax
it all very high. We are surrounded, these lob-
bies are filled with men who have their personal
interests to subserve, and they seek every Sena-
tor here and strive to impress him with that kind
of knowledge which will cause him they think to
subserve their interests. I dare say there are
persons in my hearing now who are engaged in
doing that. I am notgoing to censure them very
harshly, for I know that in these times almost
everybody is looking out for himself; but I want
to look out for all, or at any rate for the gieatest
number.
The tobacco trade is a very important interest
in the West; indeed, it is an important interest
throughout the whole country. I know it is an
article that will be taxed heavily, and it ought to
be taxed heavily; but we ought to tax it justly.
I hope this vote will be reconsidered, and that
some gradation will be made in these taxes. Ar-
lange the manufactured tobacco as you have the
cigars; Chat which is low-piiced fix a low tax
upon; that which is high put a high tax on. If
you impose a tax of forty-five cents a pound on
tobacco which waM worth only eight cents before
the war, tobacco used by poor people, it will fall
heavily and onerously on them; it is not right.
On-cigaisthatpoor people use, the price of which
is #7per thousand, you put a tax of a thousand,
and it is plenty. Those that arc worth $75 a thou-
sand you say shall pay $10 tax; the rich men who
use these fine cigars should pay for the luxury.
So it ought to be in regnrd to tobacco. The Sen-
ator from Now Hampshire is impressed with the
idea that you cannot do it without fraud. I can
assure him that he maj dismiss that ftar. Any
Senator here who is personally acquainted with
this business will bear me out in the assertion
that you can readily arrive at the truth about tin
value and quality of tobacco. It is just as easy,
and indeed many of the manufacturers tell me it is
more easy, than it is to find out the quality of cigars.
But, Mr. President, if we have to stand a uni-
form tax, I greatly prefer that it should be thirty-
five rather than'forty-five cents; and if this vote
shall be reconsidered, and the Senate will not make
any grades, I shall then vote to reduce the fine-
cut down to thirty-five cents. I would prefer to
have this portion of the hill as it came from the
Committee on Finance than to have it in its
amended form.
Mr. CLARK. I hope I shall be pardoned a
moment by the Senate, and not become tedious.
The pending motion is a motion to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate brought up cavendish,
plug, and twist to forty-five cents, and put it on
an equality with fine-cut. The motion is to re-
consider that vote so as to let the tax stand forty-
five cents upon fine-cut, and thirty-five upon cav-
endish, plug, and twist; but it docs not involve
all the discrimination of which the Senator from
Kentucky has been speaking. There is no propo-
sition before the Senate now to tax tobacco in
that way, and therefore I shall not follow him in
his line of remark. But I have had put into my
hand, as I supposed I might before the session
■was through, an article of tobacco, a fraudulent
article, put up to evade the tax, [exhibiting it.]
Here is a leaf of tobacco put upm this way; there
* is no manufacture to it; the stem has been taken
out; it has beendippedin licoriceandsweetened;
it is of the very best quality; retails for $1 50 a
pound, and yet has paid no tax. it retails for
that in this city, and has been bought since the
Senate took the recess.
Mr. JOHNSON. What does that prove?
Mr. CLARK. It proves that somebody de-
frauds the Government. It proves, on the gen-
eral principle of the proposition we have now
before the Senate, that one method of taxation
would have avoided this very fraud.
Mr. JOHNSON. The uniform measure for
manufactured ?
Mr. CLARK. No, sir. This tobacco is not
manufactured, but it is sweetened. We have a
provision in this bill that if the stem has been
taken out, in whole or in part, andsweetened 
Mr. GRIMES. Let .me ask the Senator what
is the process of manufacturing tobacco?
Mr. CLARK. Not this.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to know what it is?
Mr. CLARK. Simply sweetening does not
constitute it.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from New
Hampshire has produced an article of tobacco
here that 1 suppose is worth one dollar a pound.
It is a very superior article of tobacco, I can as-
sure him. It is an article that the fine-cuttobaeco
is generally mude of.
'Mr. CLARK. The case is worse than J sup-
posed. I find that this has not even been stemmed,
i infer from this that fine tobacco will bear this tax.
Mr?FESSENDEN. 1 desire to give notice
that if Senators do not come to a vote on this
question pretty soon, t shall have to try to leave
off chewing tobacco, and that will diminish the
revenue largely. [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the vote willbe re-
considered, and perhaps we can agree upon some-
thing in the course of a few minutes. I think it
is but just that the vote be reconsidered, and then
we can determine whether we shall put the rate
back to thirty-five cents or else have a gradation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is aware
that however we may fix it in the Senate it has
got to go to a committee of conference of the two
Houses. Our action will not be conclusive. I
think he will stand justas well by letting it go to
a conference as it is now.
Mr. HENDERSON. Rut the period is so late,
we are so near the close of the session that J fear
the committee of conference may agree to the
proposition as it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it is probable
the bill will take the same course it did two years
ago; the House of Representatives will refuse to
concur in ali our amendments and send it to a
committee of conference at once, because if they
attempt to go through with the bill m the Houuc
imd act on each amendment, we may ys well give
up the idea of getting through this year
Mr. HENDRICKS. I asked a member of the
House of Representatives about that very queis- j
j tion yesterday, and he snid that there was no ;
j probability of thai course being taken, but that. ,
! the House would consider the amendments. ■
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they desire to stay here |
two <>r three months longei, they will; but my im- :
prcssion is that they will follow the usual course. I
Mr. HENDERSON. Tim House of Repro- !
reritatives fixed the tax at thirty-five cents. If j
we reconsider this vote, and put it all again at
that rate, there will be no difference between the
two Houses for a comm'itrre of conference to con-
sider; this point will be settled.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is a good deal of the
inferior kind of tobacco if there be any difference
in the kind (m my opinion it is all bad enough)
j made in Maryland, and fiom what I understand
! it is of that kind (hat will not bear a tax of forty-
• five cents. It is supposed—and in that opinion
! the Senator from Missouri concurs—that the finer
I kind of tobacco, fine-cut tobacco, will bear forty-
| five cents, and he and those whoargrce with him
| have no objection to levying a tax of thirty-five
cents upon the other three kinds which are not 1
able to bear the forty-five cents, and levying a tax ,
of forty-five cents on the better kind which isabie
to bear it. But the honorable member from New ;
Hampshire—and in that no doubt tu a great ex- !
tent he is correct—supposes that unless theie is
a uniform rate of taxation, fiaml upon the reve-
nue will be perpetrated, because it will be difficult,
if not impossible, to prevent their biinging the ;
finer cut to look in appearance like the lower kind,
so as to reduce all practically to the Qne tax pf
thirty-five cents. Now, if that be true, if-tliat
cannot be avoided, it would be iru>st unjust to bsring
up the other thiee kinds which are not ^ble- to
bear the tax of thirty-five cents tp the tax which
the better kind isiabk* to bear, it would be^m-uch
better, if uniformity is desirable for the reasQfi
stated by the Senator from New Hampshire,;that
we should put them all at a uniform, rate of taxa.-
tion. Then there can be no fraud perpetrated at
all. It will be a specific tax upon chewing.-to-
bacco of every description. 1 h-ope, therefore,
that the vote will be reconsidered, and that either
the discrimination will be permitt$d,lo remain as
against the fine-cut, or that all will be brought to
a tax which, the inferior kin-da will be able to sup-
port. ■ -
Mr. CHANDLER. . What ! hav  been con,
tending for is uniformity. If if. is the judgment
of the Senate that thirty-five cqits is enough upon
all classes of tobac&o, fine-cat as well as plug, 1
am content; but it is this discrimination to which
I object. A discrimination of twenty-five per
cent, would utterly rum every tobacco cutter in
the United States, and yet the discrimination is
greater than twenty-five per cent.; it is ten cents
on thirty-five cents. As 1 stated before, if it is
the judgment of the Senate and if the Committee
on Finance will consent to fix the. rate at thirty-
five ccnts on the whole, I am satisfied, perfectly
content,. But 1 object to reconsidering this vote
unless theymtemi to reconsider the vote by which
forty-five was placed upon fine-cut, and J. would
ask the Senatorfrom New IlampshireortheSena-
torfrom Missouri if it is his intention, should this
be reconsideied, then to move to reconsider the
vote by which forty-five cents was placed on fine-
cut.
Mr HENDERSON. 1 certainly shall do so
if H be the desire of the Senator from Michigan.
I have not ciianged my mind in regard to it. I
think that tobacco can stand the tax, as I have
stated repeatedly, agreatdeal better than the lower
qualities; but if the Senator insists that they cut
any considerable quantity of tobacco in his State
of an infciior quality, 1 do not wish to oppress
the manufacturers of that. I am sure the manu-
facturersof plug tobacco in my State cannot stand
over thirty-five cents, but I do not desire to sepa-
rate the interest of the tobacco-growing regions
of the country, so that we in our own divisions
will inilict a heavy and burdensome tax upon our-
selves.
Mr. CHANDLER. Are the Committee on
Finance satisfied that thirty-five cents is enough ?
I ask the Senator from New Hampshire. I ob-
ject in tolo to a reconsideration of this vote unless
the vote placing forty-five cents on fine-cut is to
be reconsidered.
Mr. FESSHNDEN. I suggest to the Senator
that by voting wo shall ascertain what the Senate
| intend?-. Do lot us vote. H has been discussed
for houis. *
Mr. CLARK, i will say to the Senatorfrom
Michigan that 1 am well &atisfied it can bear a
tax of forty-five cents; and I want to keep it there.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I hopethe vote w;ill
not be reconsideied.
The motion to reconsider wag agreed to—ayes
twenty-four, noes not counted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move a rcconsid-
eiation of the vote by which fine.-cut was taxed
forty-five cents.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony.)
The question now is on the amendment which has
just been reconsidered—theamendmentoftiieSen-
ator from Michigan to strike out*4 thirty-five "and
insert " forty-five."
Mi. JOHNSON. Upon the whole ?
Mi'- FESSENDEN. Upon cavendish, plug,
twist, &c. All we have done is to reconsidcr the
vote agreeing to that amendment. Nowwemust
put the question on the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which forty five cents was levied upon
fine-cut.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan moves to reconsider the vote on
the amendment on page 145:
1 On One-cut tobacco, wliether manufactured with the
'■ £>t"m in or not, or however soM, whether loose, iu bulk, or
1 m package.^ papers, vviapperi, or boxes, forty-five cent?.
