1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Amendments to the Constitution—Mr. Davis.
Sbsaie.
ued it. Ifali the States that held to slavery at the
close of the war of the Revolution had continued
it to the present time, the subsequent mischievous
agitation by the people of some of the States of
slavery in other States, and the present convul-
sion would never have been heard of. Slavery
would not have been even an imputed cause of
any warortrouble among the States. TheStates
that abolished slavery themselves departed from
the homogeneous condition of the coloniesand ori-
ginal States. They had no power or reason to
claim more than the right to control that institu-
tion within their own borders, to abolish it or to
'continue it, as seemed to them best; and they
ought scrupulously to have abstained from inter-
meddling with it in other States who chose to
continue it. The plainest policy and the com-
monest good faith required this forbearance.
The right of Kentucky to continue slavery was
-as perfect and absolute as was the right of Massa-
chusetts to abolish it. She had no more just
ground to insist that the other slave States should
abolish slavery than they had that she should
continue it. But Senators seem to lose sight of
this great feature in our blended system of gov-
ernment. To maintain it, to hold it in its har-
monious and perfect action, it is as essential that
the existence of the authority and powers of the
States within their reserved sovereignty should
be upheld, maintained, and preserved as it is
that the limited and delegated powers and sover-
eignty of the Genernl Government should exist,
be supported, defended, and exercised. Sir, our
complex system of government was so fashioned
and understood by those who made it. I will
read from the thirty-ninth number of the Feder-
alist, which was written by Mr. Madison in sup-
port of this important principle. He is discuss-
ing the character of the Government and its mixed
features, and he says:
<l But if the Government be national, with regard to the
operation of Us powers, it changes its aspect again when
wo contemplate it in relation to the extent of its powers.
The idea of a national Government involves in it, not only
an authority ov«*r the individual citizens, but an indefinite
supremacy over all pen otu> and things, so far as tliey are
objects of lawful government. Among a people consoli-
dated into one nation this supremacy is completely vested
in the national legislature. Among communities united
for particular purposes it is vested partly m the general and
partly in the municipal legislatures. In the former case all
local authorities are subordinate to the supreme, and may
be controlled, dnected, or abolished by it at pleasure. In
the latter the local or municipal authorities form distinct
and independent portions of the supremacy, no more sub-
ject, within their respective spheres, to the general author-
ity than the general uuthouty is subject to them within its
own sphere. In this relation, then, the proposed Govern-
ment cannot be deemed a national one, since its jurisdic-
tion extends to certain enumerated objects only,and leaves
to the several States a jesiduary and inviolable sovereignty
over all other objects."
The men who framed the Constitution were
preeminently wise, experienced, and patriotic
statesmen. Its contemporaneous expounders un-
derstood it well, and the presentation and argu-
ment of its leading principles in the numbers of the
Federalist, for ability and truth never was ex-
ceeded by commentary or gloss on any Govern-
ment. If those who have charge of and admin-
ister the Government nowand in the future would
learn from them, maladministration could be but
rare and of no great or abiding mischief. In no
treatise which 1 have read can as much be learned
m the same space of the true nature and principles
of our Government as in number thirty-nine of
the Federalist. In this paragraph the sovereignty
delegated by the people of the States to the Fed-
eral Government and that retained to themselves
and their governments respectively is clearly
stated. In the first " its jurisdiction extends to
certain enumerated objects only, and leaves to the
several States a residuary and inviolable sover-
eignty over all other objects." The Government of
the united States and of the States have separate
and distinct portions of the aggregate mass of all
political sovereignty, and each government is of
paiamount and supreme authority within its
proper jurisdiction. To make war upon theUni-
ted States or any State when they are respect-
ively in the exercise of their constitutional pow-
ers or to resist by armed force the execution of
their laws is equally treason; and if this war or
resistance is made by officers of the United States
against a State, or by officers of any State gov-
ernment against the United States, it is no less
treason against the State or the United. States re-
spectively than it would be if the delinquents were
unofficial persons. The President may commit
treason against a State and a Governor of any
State against the United States by the same acts
that would be treason if done by private individ-
uals. No position of office or authority, whether
under the United'States or a State, gives any im-
munity whatever for acts of treason against either.
Mr. HOWE. As the Senator and I seem to
be agreed upon one point, and I wish to know
how far I am committed 
Mr. DAVIS. I do not hold you committed at
all.
Mr. HOWE. In reference to that I should like
to ask him a single question. I ask him whether
the Army of the United States commit treason in
making war against ihe laws of South Carolina?
Does he hold that that is one of the States whose
laws limit the action of the Army of the United
States ?
Mr. DAVIS. No, I do not hold that, but I
lay down my position thus: that when a State is
in the peifurmance of its duty in conformity to the
Federal Constitution, that State is entitled to the
same immunity from infraction of its laws and
sovereignty by the Presidentof the United States
and all officers of the General Government, civil
and military, as from its own citizens, and as the
United States and their Governmentare from the
Governor and other officers of the State. That is
my position. The absorption of the sovereignty
not delegated by the Constitution to the General
Government, and consequently reserved to the
States, or any portion of it, by the President or
Congress, would be revolutionary and destructive
of our system, as would be the absorption by the
States of the sovereignty, or any portion of it, del-
egated to the Government of the United States.
The encroachmentof either upon the otherwould
be equally unauthorized and criminal, and the
persons engaged in making itpunishable for par-
allel offenses by their respective judicial tribunals.
There is acommon and reciprocal duty and right
between the Government of the United States and
the States, to respect the powers and rights of
each otherand to defend their own. It is the high-
est obligation of every citizen to support and de-
fend both against all assailants, though they be
the officers of the other, and*with its colorable
authority. Mr. President, [Mr. Powell in the
chair,] it is clearly and imperatively the duty of
you and myself todefend the reserved rights and
sovereignty of Kentucky against the encroach-
ments of Abraham Lincoln and his party,as it is
to defend the limited sovereignty of the United
States against the assaults of the rebels. To fail
in either would be equally delinquent and crim-
inal. Whoever, and by whatever command,has
resisted by an array of force the execution of the
laws of Kentucky, has committed the offense of
treason against that State, and should suffer the
penalty denounced against the crime. The Pres-
ident of the United States, the Secretary of War,
and generals high in command have moved armed
bodies of men hi to Maryland, Delaware, Ken-
tucky, and Missouri, to resist and defeat the ex-
ecution of the election laws of those States, and
have themselves, by the power of the sword,
driven their free citizens from their own polls,
and themselves virtually appointed the minions
of executive power to seats m the House of Rep-
resentatives of Congress and to State offices.
Those high functionaries thereby committed trea-
son against those States, and the most important
and impeiative duty of their authorities and peo-
ple is to have those great delinquents arraigned
and punished for their crimes by the judgment of
the courts of the States against which they were
committed. The punishment of Federal officers
so high in authority for the commission of trea-
son against the States, by the just and firm ex-
ecution of the law m their civil courts, would be an
example of the mostsalutary influence. To sup-
press the rebellion by force of arms, and to punish
by the due administration of the law its most
guilty authors, and also the great violators of the
Constitution of the United States, who profess to
be acting under its authority, and who have com-
mitted treason against States, would effect more
in the suppoitand preservation of constitutional
liberty, and to vindicate the capacity of the peo-
ple for self-government than the performance of
any other duty or work.
But to the objection that the proposed amenc^
ment of the Constitution would infringe the right
of the States to manage their local and domestic
affairs, it may also be answered that slavery con-
cerns all the States as well as those in yvhich it
exists. If there be truth in this position, it may
be replied that there is no important property in-
terest,. pursuit, or institution in any State that
does not, directly or indirectly, concern the peo-
ple of every other State; and thatargument would
require the Constitution of the United States to
be so amended as to give the Federal Government
power over all of them, which would establish ct
perfectly consolidated Government and virtually
annihilate the States.
There are many matters, the control of which
is left by our Government wholly and exclusively
with the States, and over which the people would
not have confided to Congress and the President
a particle of power when the Constitution was
formed, that much more closely and momentously
concern all the States than the continuance of sla-
very in some of them. Religious faith is one.
There is intrinsic antagonism between Romanism
and Protestantism. For the first half century
after the colonies became a nation the former was
so weak in comparison with the latter that any
great disturbance by conflict between them.was
impossible. But in the last thirty years Roman- -
ism has made great increase on Protestantism in
the United States, both by immigration and pro-
pagandist)!. In Europe the fiercestand most im-
placable contests that man ever made with man
has often occurred between these professors of
the same Christian religion, and about it. There
is no reason to hope that they will not be repro-
duced both on that continent and in the United
States. The Federal Government has no power
to interfere in any way with the subject of reli-
gion, although it has recently by its military offi-
cers made such interference, in violation of the
express prohibition of the Constitution. The en-
tailment of real and personal property, the prin-
ciple of primogeniture, a system of railroads and
other internal improvements in the several States
connecting with the systems of other States—all
these are subjects of domestic and local concern
within every State, of which it has the exclusive
management; and yet each one more nearly, and
with larger interest and greater sympathy, would
concern the people of all the other States than
does slavery in the slave States the people of the
free States.
The commerce, the social intercourse, and the
material prosperity of the people of each State
require that its mediums of travel and commerce
should connect with those of all the adjacent
States. Our general system of government is
based upon the principles of popular equality and
the equal distribution of property, upon the death
of its owner, among all his children and heirs.
The whole people of the United States have an
indirect but essential interest in the maintenance
of these principles in all the States; and a policy
of self-isolation, or the establishment of entails
or primogeniture in one, and especially in many,
of the States, would be seriously hostile to those
principles, and very repugnant to the people of
the other States. The questions of the religious
faith of the people of each State, whether all phases
shall be tolerated, whether Romanism or Protest-
antism shall dominate, whether any and what form
shall be recognized by law and have exclusive priv-
ileges as the religion of the State, whether Mor-
monism, Deism, oi Atheism shall be established
and exist in one or many States, and other modes
of intercommunication and trade in each State to
coifnect with those of all the others, are matters
of much more real interest to the whole people of
the United States than the continuance of slayery
in the slave States can be to the people of the free
States. The matter of religion is more apt to
grapple strongly the passions and the imagina-
tions of mankind, and the other subjects their
selfishness and prejudices, than the existence of
slavery in communities of which they are not
members. Slavery, in this day and generation,
has for the people of the United States a factitious
but an absorbing interest; in the future, under
altered circumstances, the others, and especially
