1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
consideration of the House for admitting that
State, or for recognizing that State rather, us it is
an old State, as an existing organization.
But I do not confine them to a report by bill.
Purposely i put in the broad general language,
"report by bill or otherwise," so that if they
will they may give a special verdict, and simply
report back to this House the facts.
Now, as to meaning any disrespect to the Com-
mittee of Elections,! thought I had already suf-
ficiently disclaimed any such intention. I have
expressed myself almost indifferent as to which
one of three or four committees named this ques-
tion might properly be? referred to. I should
not much object to its going to the Committee of
Elections, or to the Committee on the Judiciary,
as involving a great question of constitutional
power. But inasmuch as the House has already
raised a select committee upon the President's
message relating to this very subject and this
class of subjects, I think it very appropriate in
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to move to refer
the matter to that select committee. To what-
ever committee «t may go, thinking it should not
go without instructions such as I have proposed,
1 move those instructions in reference to both the
motions to refer. 1 demand the previous question.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. I had
a light to the floor before thegentleman from Ohio
called the previous question. I claimed the floor
before he offered his amendment and before he
called the previous question upon it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciienck] was upon the floor, but had
yielded it momentarily to the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. COX, ye did not yield it to the gentleman
from Massachusetts until I had claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
did not surrender the floor at all; and for that rea-
son the Chair ruled that the gentleman from West
Virginia [Mr. Blair] could not move to lay the
matter upon the table, as he indicated a desire
to do.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I yielded the floor to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, and to nobody else,
although half a dozen other gentlemen wanted to
take it from me.
Mr. COX. I ask my colleague to yield it to
me a moment.
Mr. SCHENCIt. I cannot.
Mr. MJLLEIi, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
point of order. I ask the gentleman if he insists
upon the demand for the previous question when
we did not know upon what specific proposition
he proposed to call the previous question until
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Cox] took the floor?
The Speaker himself was not aware, until long
after my friend had the floor, what the specific
proposition was which came fiom thegentleman
on the other side of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Ch.ur would state that
that is not a point of order. The Chair asked the
gentleman from Ohio whether he moved his in-
structions to apply to both motions of reference,
or only to one, and he replied, m the course of
his remarks, that he desired it applied to both.
Mr. COX. I rise to another point of order. It
is that the amendment of my colleague is not ger-
mane to a matter of this kind, for the reason that
theie is nothing involved in this matter except
the reference of this memorial. That reference is
under the ruin of the House which was read a
moment ago by the Clerk. It requires that the
Committee of Elections shall "examine and re-
port upon the certificates of election, or other cre-
dentials, of the members returned to serve in tliis
House; and to take into their consideration all
such petitions and other matters touching elec-
tions and returns as shall or may be presented or
come into question, and be referred to them by the
House." These are privileged questions, and
this petition goes to that committee as a matter of
course It can goto no other committee. There
is nothing whatever in this question which in-
volves reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot sustain
the point of order; and he does so upon the very
rule to which the gentleman refers. It is the duty
of the Committee of Elections " to take into their
consideration all such petitions and other matters
touching elections and returns as shall or may be
piesented or come into question, and be refeued
to them by the House." The question of the or-
ganization of the State of Arkansas has come
into debate to-day, and any motion to refer that
question to the committee is in order.
The Chair would state further, that he thinks
the instructions are certainly in order as germane
to the very question before the House; but when
the Committee of Elections report as to whether
a gentleman is or is not entitled to a seat, then the
usage is, that no collateral questions can be moved
as amendments, because the person claiming the
seat has a right to have the question decided
whether he is or is not a Representative.
Mr. COX. The Chair will permit me to make
one suggestion. It does notappear by the paper
presented here that this case involves the ques-
tion of reconstruction. The Chair only finds it
out by hearing the debate here, the loose debate
which has sprung up, and which has no rel-
evancy to this petition so far as the face of it
shows. And yet, upon simply hearing this loose
and irrelevant debate, the Chair holds that the in-
structions proposed by my colleague are relevant.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds it to be
competent for the House to instruct any commit-
tee which they have appointed or authorized to
be appointed.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to inquire what will be
the order of the questions?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was just about
to state it. The fust question after the instruc-
tions will be on the reference to the standing com-
mittee, as that takes priority of a motion to refer
to a select committee.
Mr. DAWES. That is upon my motion to
refer the credentials to the Committee of Elec-
tions?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Does that cut off the amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. It does not, as the amend-
ment has priority of cither.
Mr. DAWES. I understand the amendment
to be to refer to a select committee, and my mo-
tion takes precedence of,that.
Mr. STEVENS. The amendment is an in-
struction to both committees, and if it is carried
I am entirely.indifferent as to which committee
the matter is referred to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would hold that
after the main question is ordered the first ques-
tion will be upon the instructions moved by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schen*ck,] because
they apply to both committees. The next ques-
tion will be upon reference to the standing Com-
mittee of Elections, as by the rules that question
takes priority. If that fails, then the question
will be upon reference to the select committee.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was dccided in
the negative—yeas 53, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. .Turner C. Allen. Alley, Alison, John D
Baldwin, Boaman, Blow, IJoutwell, Boyd, Bioomall, Am-
biose W. CI.irk, Fieeman Clarke, (Jobb, (Jret-vvell, Jlerny
Wintei Davi-, Donnelly, Dug;.'-*, Bden, Eliot, Frank, Gar-
field, Hale, Ilicbv, John I!, Ilnbbaid, Hiilbnrd, Julian,
Francis W\ KellOirir, OrJando KHIojri?, Knapp,Loan, Long-
year, MeBiide, AlcC'Uus, Mefndoe, Samuel F. Miller,
Daniel Morns, Amo> Aijcr-,, Ouli, Paitrwm, Perham,
Puee, Joini II. Hire, Robm-on, Scbenck, Smith<li>, Spal-
ding. Stevens. Suit's I'hayci, Up-on, (.'Hilton A. White,
WiHiam-. Wild< r, and Woodimdire—•><'■
NAYS— Wiiiuiti) J. Allen, Aucona, Anderson,
Arnold, Ba.lv, Ainjiislu-i Baldwin, I'  \ter, Fiance I'.
Blai!, Jacob B Blau, Die -, Biande^'i'. James, S.
Brown, ('hauler, Clav. Coifiotb, Colo, Cox, Craven*,
Thomas T. Davis D.iwe-, Dawson, Dcrmng, !)enrn.<ori,
Dixon, EckK'j, Ed^'iton, Kldud <.\ Fnsli^i, Farnsworlb,
Finton. Fine k, Guil-oii, Guoth, (jlnder, Cunncll, Gu^-
ivoUMIall. llatdmir, Hamilton, Beniamin (J. Iluins.Iler-
rick, Flolman, IItitehin>, Jenekt^, William Johnson, Kas-
mn, Korean, Kins, Law, La/jut, Le Blond, Lorn:, Mallory,
Maiev, Maivin. McAi!i>ter, MHJoweil, MoKmney, Mid-
dleton, Wilham N. Miller, itiooihead, Monkon, Lennaid
Mveis, Nelson. Xoble, Norton, OdcJI-Chatles O'iV'iil, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Peiry, Pike, Ponn ioy, Saimed J. Pan-
da!!, William II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Edward U.
Roilm4-, James S. Rollins, Ros-, Soofield, Scott, Shannon,
Smith, Stebbin^. John B. Sk't'le, William G. Steele,
Strou^e,Sttmit. Svvoat,Thomas Tracy, Van Vall<cnlmnjh,
Voorhees Wad'-worth, Eiihu B. Wa-dilmmo, William B.
Washhisi n, Web-tei, Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Wilson,
Windom, Wmficld, and Fernando Wood—104.
So the instructions were lejected.
Daring; the ioll-call, „
Mr. COBB stated that Mr. Sloan was detained
from the House by severe sickness in his family.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, moved to Jay the
whole subject on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the reference of the
credentials to the Committee of Elections; am!
they were so referred.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the credentials were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSUL GENERAL TO CANADA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States in
answer to a resolution of the House of the 8th in-
stant, transmitting a report to the Secretary of
State and the documents by which it was accom-
panied, touching the arrest of the United States
consul general to the British North American
provinces, and certain official communications re-
specting Canadian commerce.
The message and documents were referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
CONSCRIPTION BILL.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, asked and ob-
tained permission to have his vote recorded on
the conscription bill; he voted "no."
Mr. PATTERSON obtained the like privilege,
and voted " ay."
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, obtained the
like privilege, and voted " no."
Messrs. C.A.WHITE, HARRINGTON, and
KING obtained tlie like permission, and voted
" no."
Mr. SCHENCIC. I move that the House in-
sist upon its amendments to the conscription bill,
and ask for a committee of conference. The
Senate has simply non-concurred in everything
that the House did.
Mr, STILES. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is very oftef the practice
for the body that non-concurs lo let the other body
ask for a committee of eonforence.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will withdraw his objection.
This is the usual course in matters of this kind.
Mr. STILES. Let it come up in the regular
order.
Mr. GARFIELD. This is the regular order,
as I understand, to ask that a committee of con-
ference be Appointed.
Mr. STILES withdrew his objection; and Mr.
Schenck's motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL KKVENUE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the unfinished business of yesterday, which
is the amendments of the Senate to House bill
No. 122, to increase the internal revenue, and for
other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly proceeded to the consideration of the
amendments, on which thegentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. J. C. Allen] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. COX. With the permission of the gentle-
man from Illinois, I desire to offer the amendment
which I suggested yesterday. It is to amend the
fifth Senateamendment by insertirigafterthe word
" proof,'' in the thirty-fourth line, the following:
PiOiii'ciJ, That on all spirits on band for salu distilled
prior to the Ut dav of Maroh. 18G4, there shall bo levied
and collected, in addition to the duty of twenty cents per
gallon as provided by the laws now m force, a duty of
twenty eent^ on each and evoiy gallon : Provided, Thattlna
proviso r-hail not apply to any ea-^e where such spirits may
he owned and held bona fide in the usual course of business
in quantities of ten bairels and under.
Mr. HOLM AN. I raise the point of order that
the amendment is not applicable to the Senate
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, so far as the amendment is con-
cerned to which this is intended to refer; but the
Chair holds that the amendment cannot now be
offered,  s the first amendment of the Senate is
now under consideration. The gentleman from
Ohio can offer it by unanimous consent.
Mr. COX. Then I offer it by unanimous con
sent. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; I object.
