2710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3.
Mr. POWELL. That was adopted in com-
mittee. The motion should be to strike out
"forty-five" and insert " thirty-five."
Mr, CHANDLER. I move, then, to strike
out44 forty-live" and insert " thirty-five."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proper
motion would be to concur with the Committee
of the Whole in this amendment,
Mr. CLARK. A motion to amend can be made
before concurring.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan moves to amend this amendment
by striking out " forty-five" and inserting " thir-
ty-five."
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordcied.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, this is a
proposition to break down every single cutter of
tobacco in the United States. There is not one
of them who can live a week under that unjust
and wrong discrimination. If you make your tax
forty-five cents or fifty-five or seventy-five, I do
not care whore you put rt, let cutters stand on an
equality with packers; do not make this unjust,
wrong discrimination that will utterly destroy
their business. The city of Detroit alone pan!
about a million dollars of your revenue I,iht year,
and under this new law kIic will pay from two to
three million dollars the coming year; and yet
you will shut up every single tobacco cutter in
that city with this discrimination. No business
can stand it for a mouth. There is not a tobacco
cutter thionghout. the country that will not tell
you the same tiling. You will find a few men
who have Iwge stocks on hand who think they
can make more by the rise on tobacco than they
can by their legitimate business, who have been
heie lobbying to have a heavy tax put upon tins
tobacco. Put every hgitimate tobueco cutter in
the country will tell you that a diseriminat ion of
twenty-five per cent —and it is more than that—
will break down every oneof ihem. 1 supposed
when the other motion to reconsider was made
that the Senate had decided to make the tax thii-
ty-five cents all around instead of forty-five, and
that .satisfied me. (had no complaint to make of
th.it; if that was to be the judgment of the Senate
I would not contest it; but I suppose d it was d is-
tmctly undcistood thai, you intruded to irduo the
tax on nil to thn ty-fivo cents, .w it ouirinally
Stood. I hope that Senators will do jiu-t lee , n nd
not shut up and utterly destroy the business of
all the tobacco cutters m the country. It is un-
just.
( Mr. POWELL. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Michigan will prevail. 1 am con-
fident that, thitty-five cents is m much tax a ^ they
can bear, and [ think it ought to be tedueed to
that. When you bung it to t h o ty-livr c,eti! -, that
will be what it was lett by both the House bill
and the report, of our committee * When we un-
dertook to reconsider, il was my undcistandmg
that we would vote tobring it all down tothiity-
live nts when- it stood. I hope gentlemen "m
the tob'ie"o inieiest will so vote. That will leave
it precisely win-re it wax when the hill came fiom
the oiin r House, and the way il was when oin
committee made their repoit. I hope ibe inotjou
of (lie S'Miatoi fn >in Michigan wi 11 j>i ev.ul.
Mi. CLARK. 1 will sav again what I have
said so many 11nies, t he I 1 think t he; e oul;bf t<> be
no discrimination. If ihe Senate do not assent
to fortv-five, briiif it down.
Mi.'UENj)EH.SON. As 1 have said reput-
edly, so far as my own State is concerned, only
the finer qualities of tobacco are there made into
fine-cut, and it could stand a tax of forty-live
cents very well, and so could twist; those ate the
fmcat rjunliMes of tobacco. BuWheSenahu fiom
Michigan says thnt m his Slate they cut an inte-
rior quality of tobacco and call it fine-cut. 1 am
perfectly willing to see it reduced to thirty-five
cents in consideration of the fact that they cut in-
ferior qualities of tobacco; but so far as my State
js concerned,themanufacturers could stand forty-
live cents on this much better than thirty-five on
the other qualities.
Mr, DAY IS. 1 never had hut one chew of
tobacco in my life, and I never had m my mouth
but one cigar, and that only for a very short time
for it rnacte me veiy sick. Soil, I know some-
thing about tobacco. Tjien; are some counties m
my neighborhood thatare very heavy tobacco-pro-
ducing counties. Any man that ever worked in
tobacco, the most ignorant negro that ever worked
in tobacco, knows that there is a very great differ-
ence in the qualities of tobacco naturally as they
are produced, and he knows that an inferior
article of natural tobacco can never be manufac-
tured into a superior article of manufactured to-
bacco. The grades in tobacco exist as distinctly,
and are just as easily detected, as they exist in
cloths of woolen or cotton or any other products
of manufacture. You cannot manufacture an in-
ferior article of tobacco in any form that will en-
able it to pass with a judge or connoisseur of to-
bacco as superior tobacco. The Senator from
New Hampshire brought a specimen of tobacco
into the Senate this evening. It is peifectly pie-
posterous to say that such an article of natural
tobacco as that would ever be attempted to be
manufactured and sold us an inferior tobacco.
It is like making a Christian and a good Christian;
you must first have a good man to begin with or
you will never make a good Christian. To make
0 good article of manufactured tobacco, you must
have a good original article of tobacco, you must
have a good leaf. It is just as easy for any man
that has been engaged in the rearing or manufac-
ture or sale of tobacco to detect the difference of
quality, of price, and of value, as it is for any
one to detect them in any* other article. It is
easier, as my colleague has said, to discriminate
in the qualities of tobacco than in the qualities of
cigars; and any tax bill upon either of those sub-
ject;; ought to make classes and disciimmations.
1 think the Committee on Finance ought to make
four or five different classes of tobacco, and in
that way the tax would operate much more justly
on tobacco producers, tobacco manufactuiers, and
tobacco seileis, and would yield a much larger
amount of revenue.
Mr. ITALIC. I do not pretend to know any-
thing about tob.irvo, but 1 think there is one
pi lneiple for which thehonoiable Senator fiom
Mi'du^an contends in regatd to which ho is en-
!ne]y wrong, and that is that theie should be no
discrimination between high and Sow-pnced to-
bacco.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator has misun-
derstood me altogethei. I never took that posi-
tion. I Miuply say that the tobacco manufaetuted
into plug m the same kind and material that is
made into fine-eot. Discriminate in price, if you
will, but do not discriminate against thispaiticu-
lai kind of manufacture when the same identical
i>i\ule is used in this as in the other.
Mr. HALE. 1 do not understand it to he so.
Mr. (HfANDLKll. It is so.
Mr. HALF. The Senator saysjt isso in De-
troit. I do not undeistnml it to be so geneially.
The denunciation of discrimination strikes me as
ent;i( !y wronii,, for the whole bill is founded on
disci iminntimis; it is disennunating constantly
between a eood article and an inferior aiticle. I
understand that the fine-cut tobacco proposed to
be taxed 45 rents a pound is the highest-priced
tobacco we have of that character, and the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri, who is conversant
with it, says he thinks it will stand it. If so, I
think theie might b<; a little discrimination there
as well as anywhere else. 1 do not know any-
tluuk about (0bac(0,bnt I do know something
about common Mmse, and I thiol; common sens-.'
is that you should discriminate and tax a high-
priced attieje more than you do a low-priced one.
Air. BROWN. Permit me to suggest to the
Senator from New Hampshite that the objection
which is taken is not to a discrimination as to the
pine or quality of different kinds ol tobacco, but
an objection winch is predicated simply on the
difference between fine-cut nod plug, the method
of manufacture. Ue contends that the same to-
bacco takes both shape?.
Mr. CHAXDLFR, And he discriminates be-
tween the man who manufactures his tobacco into
plug and the man who cuts bis tobacco m strips.
That kind of disciimmation, I say, is unjust.
Mr. HALE. I do not understand the fact to
be so.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will inform the Senator
that the same grade of tobacco is used in line-cut
and plug, and if there is any difference, it is act-
ually a higher grade that goes into plug. What
ynt propose, to do is to make an unjust discrim-
ination between the manufacturers of the article,
and say that because tins man packs and that
man cuts, therefore the man who cuU shall pay
you forty-five cents a pound, or thirty per cent,
more than the man who packs. I say that is an
unjust discrimination.
Mr. HALE. As Senators undertake to post
me up on tobacco, I want to inquire whether this
fine-cut when it is 
Mr. CEIANDLER. Learn to chew, and then
you will know. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I am afraid that if I take that
cure, I shall take something I do not want.
[Laughter.] My question is whether, when it
is manufactured into fine-cut, it does not then be-
come a finer tobacco than plug?
Mr. CHANDLER. No; it does not.
Mr. HALE. I give up. I see I do not know
anything about tobacco.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan, to strike out " forty-five"and insert " thirty-
five."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS— Anthony, T'lown, Buekalew, Caililf,
Chaiifllei,Claik, (Jollamcr, Cowan, Ilavi-., PooUttle, Fes-
i=enden, Foot, Hale, llu: i,m , fl.uiH, Jlcndeison, Hemlocks,
Howard, Ilowe, Johnson, Lane or Indiana, Lane of Kan
sns, Moinll, Powell, Ramsey, Richardson, Siiemian. Ten
Eyek, \ an YVnikle, Wilkinson, Wiliey, a'ud WiNon—32.
NAY?—Grimes, Morgan, and Sumner—3
ABSENT — Messrs. Comic-5, Dixon, Foster, Hmding,
Hicks, MePougall, Nesmitli, I'omoroy, ltiddlc, Saubbury,
tiprague, Trumbull, Wade, and Wught—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer an amendment to the
fifty-fourih section, i move to strike out from
the word "of," m the fifth line, to the word
" which," in the fourteenth line, arid to inseit:
(3u and aftei the 1st day of Julv, ICM, and pi tor to the
l-f day ot < >< tober, ItO 1, a duty o  •}.") >m each and "*\ iay
gallon; on and attej the 1 -*1 day of Octohei,, <*1 ;,u on
each and every gaUmi: and <m and alter the 1-t da}'of
July, IHu, a dun ol on each and eveij gallon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I had designed to offer
an amendment to this scct.on us representing, to
some extent, the interest that is affected by this
legislation. If the Senatoi fiom Massachusetts,
howevet, assumes to know what arc the tiuo in-
terests of the production Vrhich ho propose now
to tax, peiImps I cannot well appeal to him to
withdraw his amendment tlmt I may present the
one which i have consideied.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us vote on this. It
will be easier in that way to irach yours.
Mr. HENDRICKS. " My amendment is to tax
whisky $1 for one year,and 50 after that. It
is substantially the House proposition, which I
think \h fait to the interest and fair to other sec-
tions of the country.
Mr. FESSFNDFN. \ will state to the Sena-
toi that from the opinions expressed by Senators
1 should not suppose \ here was the slightest chance
of his amendment being adopted; but we can take
the vote and see.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish to discuss
it, hut to vote upon it.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know that there is
any chance to secure the adoption of this amend-
ment, anil 1 do not know that there is any chance
to make a bill to obtain the revenue the country
requires at this time. I do not suppose that any
man in th" Senate believes we shall raise by tins
bill within one hundred and twenty-five or one
hundred and fifty millions of the sum the coun-
tiy ought now to have. I behove we ought to
meieuse the duty on whisky; I have made this
motion because 1 believe it, and I am also ready
to increase the duty on manufactmes. I would
most cheei fully put manufactures at seven per
ccnt., and I would rather vote to put the tax ten
per cent, than allow it to stand at five per cent.
Better overtax than undertax now. In voting to
increase taxation I vote for the best interests of
the whole people of the country. This bill is not
I am now sure to accomplish what we have been
talking about all winter. We all said that we in-
tended to raise the amount of $350,000,000 to sup-
port the Government; and we have fins measure
which we all admitwill not do it. We may raise
by the 1st of January two dollars per gallon on
Whisky. Wo ought to have the duty on tobacco
hio;herthan it is in this bill. I make this motion,
and 1 am ready to move to increase the duty on
manufactures in the ninety-third section of the
bill. The tax js now five per cent., and I am
ready to put it up to seven, and where it is three
