1734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
.Mr. GARFIELD. The last letter bears the
signature of a man who was a member of the
Thirty-Second, Thirty-Third, Thirty-Fourth,
arid Thirty-Sixth Congresses, and the predeces-
sor of the gentleman from the Terre Haute dis-
trict, [Mr. Yoorhees.] The other was a judge
in Utah under Buchanan, and is also a prominent
Democratic politician in the same district. Both
are the gentleman's [Mr, Voorhees] constitu-
ents.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise
to go into any extended notice of the letters that
have just been read from the desk. I simply de-
sire to call the attention of the House to the fact
that these are not originals that are brought here.
The originals must have been in the possession
of the gentleman from Ohio when he obtained
these copies, and it will be for the country to put
the proper construction on the introduction of
copies when the originals must have been once in
his possession. Copying in the manner he has
spoken of is no correct representation of hand-
writing.
But, Mr. Speaker, I rise to say one thing fur-
ther. 1 will have nothing to say about these let-
ters except what I know. And as I know noth-
ing but what is known to everybody here, I will
merely observe now that at the proper time I will
again call the attention ofthe House to this matter.
My predecessor m office (Mr. Davis) is one of"
the most distinguished and excellent gentlemen
in the State of Indiana, now prostrated upon a
sick, and, perhaps, dying bed. He may never
recover to be able to defend lumwelf. i hope and
trust he may. If he does, he is fully competent
to that task, lie is a brave, high-minded, chiv-
alrous man, incapable of betraying a friend, and
alike incapable of betraying his Government. I
will stand by his word on this floor. Judge
Eckels, of whom the gentleman from Ohio speaks
as district judge, is not in office,and has not been
for some years. He has been often honored m
the past. He is a prominent politician in one of
the counties I have the honor to represent, a man
of talent, and a man of character. This matter
will be brought to their attention, and perhaps I
shall again bring it to the attention of the House.
1 might rise and denounce these letters as spurious
and false.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish the gentleman
would, if he desires to.
Mr. VOORHEES. If I desired i should do
so; but that not being consistent with my course
of policy 1 shull not do so at this time. I shall
treat this matter in a manner becoming myself,
becoming the House, and becoming the gentle-
man from Ohio. That is all 1 desire to say at
this time.
The hour of half past four having arrived, the
House, in accordance with the order made yester-
day, took a rccess until seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock.
RAILROAD TO NEW YOKK.
The SPEAK ER stated the first business in oider
to be the consideration of a bill (H. R. -No. 307)
to declare certain roads military roads and post
roads, and to regulate commerce, on which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] was enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. If there be no objection,
I will move to postpone this bill until two weeks
from to-day, alter the morning hour.
Mr. WILSON. Before the vote is taken on
that motion, 1 submit the following amendment
in the nature of a substitute for the bill:
Strike out all after the cnactmg chumo, and jnseit as
follows:
That in the regulation of the commerce among the sev-
eral Stales every taihond company ut the United States
whose load is operated by steam, he, and hereby is, author-
ized to tr:ui>poit freight and pa. $engers hom one fcState to
another, anything in the taw-a of any States to the con-
traiy notwithstanding.
There being no objection, the bill was then
postponed until two weeks from to-day, after the
morning hour.
SHIP CANALS.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in
order to be the consideration of a bill (H. R. No.
322) to construct a ship canal for the passage of
armed and naval vessels from the Mississippi
river to Lake Michigan, and for other purposes.
Mr. ARNOLD. I would like to ask the House
to postpone the consideration of this bill. I desire
to explain the provisions of this bill. I am not
well this evening, and I would be glad if the
House would postpone the consideration of this
bill until to-morrow evening.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to press the bill to a vote at that time?
Mr. ARNOLD. Not at all. 1 do not propose
to press the bill to a vote until after a reasonable
amount of discussion.
Mr. STEVENS. Will that take the place of
anything else that is the regular order of business
to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. It would come up to-mor-
row in the morning hour the same as if the morn-
ing hour to-day had been occupied with its con-
sideration.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the postponement
will be until Thursday evening.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 will accept that modifica-
tion.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill accord-
ingly postponed.
TK1UUTOIUAL PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
The SPEAKER stated the business next m
order to be the consideration of House bill No.
342, making appropriations for public buildings
m the Territories.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move that that bill be
postponed until Friday evening of this week.
The motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. STILES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that leave of absence be granted to
my colleague, Mr. Strouse, for one week from
to-day.
There was no objection, and leave was granted
accordingly.
PUBLICATION OF SUPREME COURT DECISIONS.
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table and
put on its passage Senate joint resolution No. 39,
relating to the publication of the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States for the De-
cember term, 181)3.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, not desiring
to object, and yet desiring that the original law
shall be complied with as far as possible, I ask
the gentleman from Iowa why these reports can-
not be published within six months? It is a
matin of importance thattheue reports should be
published at as early a moment as possible.
The resolution was read. It provides that so
much of the act of Congress, approved August
29, 1642, as provides that the reporter of the de-
cisionsof the Supreme Court of the United States
shall not be paid the compensation provided by
the said act, unless he print and publish the de-
cisions within six months after .such decisions
shall be made, shall not be held to apply to the
decisionsof the December term, 1963, the present
repoitirof the said court not having been ap-
pointed until near the close of the term; provided,
however, that such decisions lie published within
one year from the passage of this resolution.
Mr. WILSON. The limitation has been placed
upon the resolution by the Senate, and I under-
stand that it is satisfactory to the court.
Mr. HOLMAN. The country is more in-
terested in it than the court.
Mr. WILSON. It extends the time of publi-
cation for one year.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman to mod-
ify it so as to make the time six months.
Mr. WILSON. The present clerk was ap-
pointed late in the last term.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand he was ap-
pointed in February last.
Mr. KELLEY. There is great difficulty in
getting the work done because of the scaicity of
printers. On a consideration of the matter the
gentleman will find that the time is not too long.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move that the time be made
six months instead of one year.
M r. KELLEY. it is to his interest to publish
the decisions as soon as possible.
Mr. WILSON. If the reporter can make the
publication in less than one year he will do so.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on my amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I do not accept the amend-
ment. The House can do as it pleases, but! hope
that the amendment will not be adopted. . 48
The House divided; and there were — ayes
twenty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. HOLMAN withdrew his demand for a
division.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE OHIO.
Mr. ARNOLD, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back House bill No. 320,
supplementary to an act approved July 14,1862,
entitled "An act to establish certain post roads,
and for other purposes," with an amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Strike out the second section as follows:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provisions of
said act of Congress shall apply to the iMaybviUt; and Big
Sandy, and Lexington and Big Sandy Raihoad Compnmes.
so far as practicable, and as fully as it heie rccnncted, ana
shall authoiize said companies, or either of them, to con-
struct a budge oi bridges across said river at any points on
the line of their roads.
And add to the firht section these words. :
Provided furfher, That such bridges and draws shall be
so constructed as not to interrupt the navigation of the Ohio
river.
Mr. ARNOLD. When the bill was up before
there was objection to the second section. The
Committee on Roads and Canals have strickcn
that out, and added a proviso that the bridges
and draws shall not interfere with the navigation
of the Ohio river. The bill now simply gives
authority to construct a bridge ut this place, so
that vessels navigating the Ohio can pass.
1 will not repent what I said when the bill was
before the House on a former occasion, in rela-
tion to the importance of this bridge connecting
the States of Ohio and Indiana. Nor will I re-
peat what 1 said upon that occasion in reference
to the military importance of a bridge connecting
these railroads that meet each other upon the
opposite banks of the Ohio river. 1 know tho
information is perfectly reliable that duting the
past two years the military opeiations in Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, and northern Alabama, have
been materially embarrassed for the want of this
bridge. Great quantities of military stores have
been there piled up upon the banks of the Ohio
with no means of getting them to the Aimy in
consequence of the delay and inconvenience of
crossing for the want of that bridge.
As the bill will be framed after adopting the
amendment recommended by the committee, I
cannot conceive it will be obnoxious tothc objec-
tion of any gentleman,unless gentlemen say that
these gi eat navigable streams shall not be hi idged
at all under any circumstances.
But I apprehend that in the present condition
of the world, in the present condition of the mil-
roads of the country, that is a proposition which
will not be considered favorably by the House.
The right to cross a river, and to have facilities
for crossing a river, are as important as the right
to navigate the river itself. The true principle
of determining all these questions is, the greatest
good to thegreatestnumbei. That should be done,
and that is m substancc the decision of the courts.
Even feny boats may obstruct the navigation of
a river, for the time being, to steamers passing up
and down. You cannothave two boats in the same
position at the same time, and one must yield to the
other. The true principle settled by the courts is
that tliatshall be done which shall be for the gieat-
est convenience of the greater number of people.
I hope the House will adopt the amendment pro-
posed by the committee.
, Mr. MALLORY. J do notrise to say anything
about this bill, after what has been said by the
gentleman from Illinois, except that the reason
for passing it ought to satisfy every member of
this House. The provisions of this bill differ
somewhat from the provisions of the general bill
for bridging the Ohio, to which this bill is an
amendment, and it differs only in one respect from
the provisions of the general bill. The House
may not be aware that a bill was passed in 18G2
giving to every railroad company above the mouth
