106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
38th Cong. ... 1 st Sess.
Amendments to the Constitution—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
religion, may still more strongly possess them. If
this proposed alteration of the Constitution be
accepted it will be a precedent, and may establish
a principle that may carry those other domestic
concerns,and still others not now thought of,into
the domain of an encroaching and centralized des-
potism, and which would be a very great stride.
If it were conceded that the power to amend the
Constitution, as established and regulated by the
fifth article, would by its terms and letter author-
ize the proposed change,it would be in fatal con-
flict with its intent and spirit, and therefore, ac-
cording to a universal rule of construction, void
and of no effect. It never was the purpose of
'those who made it to subject many of its great
principles to be expunged by the exercise of this
power of amendment. The power to amend is
but the power to improve, and any alteration to
be legitimate should be an amendment To this
it may be said that as there is no certain test by
which this question *of amendment can be tried it
is necessarily decided by the amending power.
Granting this argument to be sound, still there is
another and very important question connected
with this power of amendment. Does it import
the power of levolution > Of making such es-
sential change in the nature, form, powers, and
limitations of the Government as would be rev-
olutionary of it—of its important structure, of its
characteristic pri nci pies > of the great and essential
rights and liberties assured by it to the citizen?
The true and precise question is, does the pro-
posed change, or amendment, carry a revolutionary
principle and power? 1 hold that the framers of
the Constitution did not intend it to be, and that
it is not m its nature or in fact, a revolutionary
power; that there is a boundary between the
power of revolution and the power of amend-
ment, which the latter, as established in our Con-
stitution, cannot pass; and that if the proposed
change is revolutionary it would be null and void,
notwithstanding it might ho formally adopted. It
would not be a part of the Constitution, and would
consequently have no effect. An amendment
proposing to abolish all the popular elective feat-
ures of our Government, or that Representatives
should hold their offices for life; that the place of
Senator should be hereditary, coupled with a title
and the privileges of nobility; that the President
should be a king, and transmit his crown and
throne as in England, would be revolutionary,
and out of the power of the pale of amendment.
Neither the legislative, executive, nor judicial
branch of the Government could be swept away
under the guise of the exercise of this power of
amendment. The Status and their governments
areas essential and indispensable parts of our com-
pound system of Government as the United States
and the federal Government, and could not lie ex-
punged by this power of amendment. The reten-
tion by the Statesoftheirexclnsivc rights,and the
right to ordain, manage, and contiol them, inde-
pendent of all control or interference by the United
States Government any moie than of a foreign
Power, is a great and essential feature of our sys-
tem, and it cannot be revolutionized, destroyed, by
this power of amendment. I fit can take cognizance
of slavery, it may of every other local and do-
mestic concern of the States. That would be inv-
olutional y, and is therefore out of the domain of
amendment. The power of amendment can only
be made to embrace the foims and the piovisions
and principles of secondary importance.
If the principle involved by the proposed amend-
ment be sound, and it, if formally adopted, would
be valid and obligatory, then in the same mode
the terms of the membeis of the House could be
extended for seven year.?; Senators could be met-
amorphosed into hereditary nobles, with titles,
and the President into a monarch; and any other
changes, utterly revolutionaiy and destructive of
our Government and the popular freedom it es-
tablishes, could be made. No, sir, this power
of amendment does not carry the power of revo-
lution, in whole or in part, to be executed in
solido 01 in detail, to burst forth at once in full-
giown pi ojnn tions, or to be cautiously developed
from time to time and by gradual accumulation,
like Mr. Lincoln's war policy, until the whole
wonkis consummated. Neither tin; subvoision
of our l*i ee and popular Government, nor any ofits
great distinctive and essential features, or of those
preexisting and vital rights and liberties to se-
cure and perpetuate which to the people were
its object and its mission, is within the legiti-
mate scope and opoiation of the power of amend-
ment. That would be in both aspects, notamend-
ment, but destruction and revolution.
Nor, sir, is the present condition of the coun-
try and the people at all propitious or fit to enter
upon the most grave and important work of
amending, altering the Constitution of our Gov-
ernment, the paramount law which regulates and
controls within its orbit the constitutions, laws,
and administrations of all the States and every
official act of Congress, the President, and of every
other officer of the United States. The revision
of the work of the preeminetly great and patriotic
men who put together that wonderful political
structure, so admirably adjusted and balanced, so
novel yet so complete, so free and yet possessed of
all the necessary and proper powers and vigor, is
one of the most delicate and important tasks which
those who are to perform it can possibly under-
take. They ought to* be free from all sectional
prejudice and excitement, and bring to it calm and
unperturbed reason and broad and true patriotism
and statesmanship. The condition of the country
should be fixed, that of settled and stable repose,
that any changes and modifications might be safely
and wisely adapted to its permanent relations,inter-
ests, and tranquillity. Who can foresee how ma-
terially different its situation may be at the earliest
day when the proposed amendment v/ould take
effect from what it now is? Changes that might
now be innoxious or proper and salutary may
then be malapropos and mischievous. Such might
be their nature and consequences in the circum-
stances of the country when the war closes.
But now, when the calmest and most far-seeing
mind cannot conjecture with any reliable confi-
dence, much less certainty, what will then be the
United States, what will be their circumstances
and exigencies, and what may be the intervening
revelations of the workings of their Government,
ofits weaknesses and defects, and what refoims,
if any, it may need, now to enter upon its reform-
ation, its change, would be premature, rash, and
would most likely result in evil, and possibly
great evil. There is every probability that when
the war is closed modifications of the Constitu-
tion will then be highly necessary and proper; but
their nature, extent,and the features and powers
of theGovornmcntin which they may be required
canuot be possibly divined. Now to make any
might mar rather than improve.
But when to this eonsideiation, the unsettled
condition of the country, is added the present state
of the mind and passions of the people, nation-
ally, sectional!}', and individually, the position
that now is not the proper time to inlei meddle
with the Constitution cannot, with any reason, be
conii ovorted. No man is free from apprehension
and excitement, and with vast numbeis it approx-
imates frenzy, mania. Sectional opinions and
prejudices were never before so rife and extreme,
ilati ed to slavery and slave-owners by the mem-
beis of the Republican paity generally has de-
mented them. They are wholly incapable of any
fair and just consideration of the rights of slave-
holders, in relation not only to that property, but
all their other rights individually and collectively
as shucholdmg Slates. Extreme aversion and
prejudice with both of those classes of the people
have usurped the place of reason and truth. Nei-
ther entertains for the other any sentiments of
kindness, fraternity, charity,orjustice. I have no
belief that there is in cither IIousc of the present
Congress, or that there would be in the Legisla-
ture or convention of any one of the States, a sin-
gle member whose mind and passions are so little
affected by the present condition of-public affairs
an not to be disqualified for the delicatc and difficult
work ofrevismg and altering the common Govern-
ment of all the States and all the people of the
United States. I believe with the most of them
that unfitness would exist to such an extent as to
I make it impossible for them to deliberate and act,
| notonly impaitially and justly for their adversa-
] nes in politics and their sections, but also wisely
} and safely for themselves and their own Slates,
i But, sir, if the country and the people were in
! a suitable condition to enter upon this work of
, revising and altering, with the purpose to im-
prove, a constitutional Government made by the
great men, so ripe in experience and wisdom, so
broad and unselfish in patriotism, and so truly
devoted to liberty regulated by law, and yet so
diffident of their competency to the task, the mode
adopted is not the best one. The principles and
points that would demand consideration will not
be one, but many. Their proper examination and
settlement would require the freest and most un-
reserved interchange of opinions and views of the
wisest and most virtuous men of each and all the
States selected for this special work, and meeting
together in common convention for its perform-
ance. Casual Congresses,assumingand presum-
ing to initiate and lay out this work in single and
separate patch-pieces, would promise but little of
wisdom or good; and the simple acceptance or
rejection of their recommended propositions, by
as many local Legislatures or conventions as there
are States, representing the sectional interests,
opinions, prejudices, aversions, partialities, and
all the weaknesses and errors of their several
States, would hardly evisccrate from such assem-
blies any additions to the Constitution formed by
Washington and his compeers that could be truth-
fully denominated amendments.
The best mode of reaching truth and principle,
policy and safety, in any changes of the Consti^
tution would be a convention, in which every
State and all its leading interests should be rep-
resented; and the presentation of important facts,
opinions, and views that concern them all. should
be made to the entire representation of the people
of the United States. The assembling of men
together, face to face, who are local representa-
tives, to unfold directly to each other matters of
so much importance, that have close connections,
and necessarily extensive antagonism, and that
ought as near as possible to be satisfactorily com-
promised, harmonized,and settled, is unquestion-
ably the best mode. If the Senators and Repre-
sentatives of each State were to be isolated and
convened in them, arid without any comparison
of views with those of all the other States were
to act on all subjects of legislation, it could not
bear any comparison with the existing mode. It
is true that in the continuing and never-ending
business of making laws for the United States,
those objections would apply with a vastly in-
creased force. But m the momentous and most
difficult task of altering the Constitution in this
perturbed and fearful time, and adapting it to an
extent and condition of country and a trial and
laboiingof the Government that was not antici-
pated by the men who framed it, the same con-
siderations ought to have the effectutterly to for-
bid this single or any other amendments in the
proposed form.
Another objection of overruling weight is that
no revision of the Constitution in any form ought
to be undertaken under the auspices of the party
iii power. Its leaders have always been hostile
to the compromises on the subject of slavery, and
the protection which it guaranties to the owners
of that property. From amuchearlier day than
secession was thought of in the South, those lead-
ers had determined on the destruction of slavery;
and, if they could not succeed by any other means,
even to revolutionize the Govei nment to effect it.
They did not bring on a general war to tbatend,
though they had long assaulted it m every other
form; and as soon as the lebellion broke forth
they quietly decided, if possible, to moke it the
occasion and to furnish the means of the over-
throw of slavery. Mr. Lincoln had been an ex-
tremeabolitiomst from early life; and it was that
consideration that procured him the nomination
of the Chicago convention. When he and the
chiefs of his party in Congiess,at thecommence-
ment of the war, unanimously declared that their
purpose and policy were not to attack slavery, or
any other rights or institutions of the insurgent
States, but only to vindicate the authority and
laws of the United States over the rebels, they
were dissembling, and then lying in wait to make
an onset on slavery. They knew that their pur-
pose could be effected only by breaking over
constitutional guarantees, and by the power of
the Army to subdueall opposition to their scheme.
There is no right of person or property that the
President and Congress has not outrageously in-
fracted and trampled out, under and by the agency
