1864/
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
46f
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Amendments to the Qonstitution—Mr. Davis.
'SESfATBi
of the iron heel of military despotism, to subju-
gate or awe every person disposed to offer even
legal and peaceful resistance to their flagrant
abuses and usurpations of power. As they pro-
gressed, and met with impunity in their nefari-
ous work, their objects wereenlarged. They de-
termined not only to consummate the destruction
of slavery, so that it could never be restored, but
also to continue themselves afid their party in
place and power. The first they consider sub-
stantially as an accomplished fact; and they are,
and have been for more than a year, moving with
increasing energy and boldness toward the other
qs their now paramount object. They affect to
adhere to the forms of the Constitution, while
they utterly disregard not only its spirit but also
its express provisions and all the liberty and pro-
tection which it assures to the citizen. They
have devised the boldest and most revolutionary
measures under the guise of law and executive
administration as the machinery of their opera-
tions. The first in time was the erection of West
Virginia into a new State, and her admission into
the Union in palpable violation of the Constitu-
tion, so admitted and avowed by many of their
leaders both in and out of Congress; and at-
tempted to be justified by them on the ground
that the country was in a state of rebellion and rev-
olution, and the Constitution of no obligation
whatever. The President took the official opin-
ion of the Attorney General, which was that the
measure was. without constitutionnl authority,
and yet he approved it.
Afrer the congressional elections in the fall of
1862 it was apparent that if those which were to
take place in the other States in 1863 were to be
decided by the free suffrages of their people, Mr.
Lincoln and his party would be in a minority in
the present House. The success of their projects
and the retention of power by them made it ne-
cessary that they should have the majority in the
House as well as in the Senate. lie therefore
ordered the military authorities to interfere and
overthrow the freedom of elections, and to tie-
pose the State laws and officers for conducting
them in Missouri,Kentucky, Maryland, and Del-
aware, to the extent of securing a majority for
him in the House. In that way four supporters
of the abolition policy and other measures of the
Administration were returned from Missouri, of
whom three have been reported by a Republican
committee to be sent back to the people, on ac-
count of such interference, and in the other no
contest was made, or the returned member would
probably have shared the same fate. In the first
district of Kentucky the military imprisoned one
of the candidates, who was a true and loyal Union
man, solel y because he opposed the abolition meas-
ures of the President and his party; and so man-
aged the election by excluding large numbers of
legal voters from the polls, all over the district,
as to return a radical abolitionist. In the Coving-
ton distiict there was such a general interference
by provost marshals and other military officers
in the canvass, and at the most of the polls during
the election, as to leave but little doubt that the
returned member was chosen by the coercion of
that power. In Maryland and Delaware the mil-
itary officers of Mr. Lincoln assumed the entire
direction and control of the elections, except in
one district in Maryland. They prescribed new
and stiange oaths for voters, and would not al-
low many to vote who were willing to take them,
and at some polls would not suffer the support-
ers of the opposition candidate to exercise their
right of suffrage, and restricted it to the friends
of the abolitionist. They ordained new regula-
tions in conflict with the State laws, and deposed
and banished to the military headquarters at Balti-
more, and there imprisoned, judges who refused
to disregard the State laws for their government,
and to execute the ordeis of those military usurp-
ers. These outrages and armed overthrow of the
laws of those States regulating their elections
Hourly amount to treason, and would upon all
tin- considerations of justice and policy subject
their authors to the declared punishment forthat
crime in the civil courts of the State in which they
were committed. The appointment of Lincoln,
by his military agents, of men to fill these seats
m Congress were as true in fact, as certain in fact,
and more atrocious because in violation of a
written constitution,than any appointments which
Cromwell or Louis Napoleon ever made to civil
office by their military power. The President in
this way defeated the election of*eight, and prob-
ably ten, of his political opponents, and elected
that number of friendsin their stead, which made
a relative difference in the party strength of the
House of sixteen or twenty, and secured to him
and his measures and party its majority. To that
extent he was equally a usurper with Csesar,
Cromwell, and Bonaparte.
But Mr. Lincoln has long since imbibed other
views and projects of personal ambition. A desire
for x'eelection has seized upon him. It now pos-
sesses all the mind and heart and soul that he has.
He is no statesman, butamere political charlatan.
He has inordinate vanity and conceit. He is a
consummate dissembler, and an adroit and saga-
cious demagogue. He has the illusion of making
a great historical name for himself in connection
with the total abolition of slavery in the United
States. He also loves power and money. He
has long foreseen that in his desire for reelection
he would have several competitors from his own
party. He is not fierce or revengeful, or even
boldly audacious and radical; and though not
marked byany sense of benevolence, humanity,
or justice, he does not possess positively the oppo-
site qualities, and, though a radical, is not reckless
or rash. He is, and always has been, as uncom-
promisingly opposed to slavery as the most ultra
radical, but preferred to overthrow it with some
show of legal and constitutional authority; and
that it should be effected gradually, and not by
sudden and violent change. Such were his first
and individual views and policy in relation to
slavery; but being rather of flexible but still ob-
stinate nature, the pressure of the bold and more
energetic radicals has pushed him pretty well
nigh to their extreme position. As this " mar-
shaled him the way he wtfs going,n he is well
disposed to accept it, and if it promise to aid him
materially in his purpose of a reelection, he would
not hesitate to take it with alacrity. But he un-
derstands that most of the radicals prefer other men
to himself, and while he must manage to satisfy
and win them if possible, and especially as their
second choice, he must hold on to all the moder-
ate men of the Republican party, and by some
show of conservatism win others outside. This
keeps him very busy at his favorite game of
" playing for all the pockets."
But he regards, and with much truth, that his
personal, official, and distinctive party consists
of the office-holders and seekers, contractors,
and those seeking contracts, whose numbers are
greater than our armies in the field. To those
praetorian, not cohorts, but legionSi he was de-
termined to add others in his own cspecial inter-
ests. Hence he issued another edict, the effect
of which was to demolish all the constitutions
and governments of the rebel States, and among
them Tennessee and Arkansas and other States,
whose constitutions have not been changed in a
particle within many years before the rebellion;
and to authorize one tenth of as many people as
voted in them at the last presidential election to
reconstruct and to carry on their State govern-
ments. But he prescribed as the indispensable
condition that all men who took part in the recon-
struction must renounce their negro property,
and take an oath to support his war policy as
embodied in all his proclamations and the laws
of Congress passed by his party. He pledged
his faith to support and defend these spurious
State governments by the power of the United
States armies and navies. All their elections were
to be under the surveillance of the President's
military subordinates; and consequently none but
his minions and tools could vote or hold office.
The reorganization of those States is to be vir-
tually by him and for all his purposes. They
were designed to be dependencies and he the au-
tocrat. The world never witnessed a more law-
less and daring political enterprise, and, cxcept
in the feature of blood, it comes up to the measure
of the .greatest usurpations. The people of the
States are the only legitimatepowertoconstructor
reconstruct their civil governments; and Congress,
and not the President, is the authority to admit
them primarily, or secondarily, into the Union,
and to guaranty to them republican forms of gov-
ernment. Mr. Lincoln seizes upon all this'power.
Under this presidential autocracy , old, or eastern*,
as well as West Virginia,- Louisiana, Arkansas,
Tennessee, and other rebel'States have been o£
are to be readmitted into the Union, and to takfe
part with the other States in its g-overnment. By
the present ratio all Virginiaeast, west, and rebel,
would be entitled to eleven Representatives in Con-
gress. The new State has three, and it is a Ques-
tion what portion of the residue the few counties
of the other division of the State within our- mili-
tary lines can rightfully haves and a yetm6r© dif-
ficult one what number of electoral votes in the
presidential election will be the right of those
few counties. The new State having but three for
her Representatives and two for her Senators,
if those few counties can elect the residue for the
whole of the remaining State, and also for its two
Senators, the new State and a small fractional part
of the remainder of the State would cast together
fifteen electoral votes. That vote by those coun-
ties would give them a very undue and unconsti-
tutional weight over the people of the other States
in the presidential election. If that will be per-
mitted may depend, I presume, upon the prob-
lem whether it would be necessary to reelect Mr.
Lincoln. To effect that object 1 believe a sep-
arate State could and would be organized out of
East Tennessee, and two in Maryland, one upon
the eastern and the other upon the western shore,
without the least regard to constitutional difficul-
ties. When Louisiana is readmitted she will be
entitled to seven electoral votes, Tennessee to ten,
Arkansas to five, and all Virginia to fifteen. So
that by the organization of these four "rotten-
borough" and unauthorized States, there would
be secured to Mr. Lincoln not only thirty-seven
electoral votes in the presidential election, but,
what may be even of more importance, that num-
ber in the Republican nominating convention at
Baltimore. 1 take it for true that these illegiti-
mate States, being the progeny of Mr. Lincoln,
will support him when and where and anyhow
they can. They will also be ready to vote for this
proposed amendment of the Constitution.
But Mr. Lincoln is a cautious and far-seeing
man. He has had still another provision made,
first and mainly for his own personal success, sub-
ordinate^ for that of his party. The Territories
of Colorado and Nevada have already, at the pres-
ent session, been admitted as new States into the
Union; and the chairman of the Committee on
Territories has told us, and no doubt truly, that
Nebraska will also be admitted. Thus there will
be admitted three more new States, each* with one
Representative and two Senators, having an ag-
gregate of eleven electoral votes and an equal
strength in the Baltimore convention. I believe,
both on principle and policy, that no Territory
ought to be admitted as a State until it has a pop-
ulation equal to the ratio of representation. That
ratio is now 127,000. By the census of 1860, Colo-
rado had a population of34,277; Nebraska, 28,841;
and Nevada, 6,857; making an aggregate of
69,975, and only 6,474 more than half the ratio.
I have heard of no special increase in Nebraska,
but have learned from men living in the other two
Territories that there has been considerable re-
cent emigration into both. But from all the inform-
ation that has reached me, I have no belief that
their aggregate population is as much as 127,000.
Thus by military interference at elections, the
destruction and reorganization of States, the ad-
mission of new States with but a small fraction
of the ratio of population,all by infraction of the
Constitution, and in opposition to right, justice,
and policy, and chiefly by the power and under
the supervision of Mr. Lincoln, a great and dan-
gerous strength has been accumulated to him as
President to be exorcised to promote his own
selfish and ambitious views in the first place; and
secondly, to continue his party in power to en-
able it to protract the aggrandizement of its lead-
ers, the pecuniary advantages of its masses, and
the complete consummation of its most wicked
and destructive policy and measures.
Before the rebellion the ultra-abolition party
was not large, and though pestifeious was not
able to have inflicted great injury upon slavery.
The southern members of Congress when thoy
abandoned their places voluntarily surrendered
their Government and all its vast power into the
