THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C..
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1864.
New Seiues No. 44*
&
upon whisky, the amount manufactured in Peoria
and Chicago alone will yield to the Government
annually over eleven million dollars, if they are
not destroyed by this proposed additional tax of
forty ccnts per gallon on what they have already
manufactured.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Illinois if he does not rejoice over
the fact that so much money goes into the Treas-
ury.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I do,sir; and itis for the
purpose of saving thesedistillers from bankruptcy
and enabling the men engaged in thatbusiness to
carry it on that I advocate the Senate amendment
and oppose the proposition of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood,] which would
entirely destroy the business.
Mr. GEUNNELL. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Illinois toassent to the proposition that
a high tax on whisky will not lessen its consump-
tion?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. It may be that a high tax
wilt lessen the consumption.
Mr. GRINNELL. But not much.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. The difficulty under which
the gentleman from Iowa labors is that he imag-
ines that all spirits manufactured is consumed as a
beverage,
Mr. GRINNELL. No, sir.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. If the gentleman will take
the pains to look into the commercial statistics
he will find that so far from that being the case,
less than one fifth of the quantity manufactured
is consumed in the country as a beverage.
Mr. GRINNELL. The gentleman says that
this tax will break up the business. Now, if a
high tax will not much diminish the consump-
tion I want to know whether, there beingan undi-
minished demand for the article, the supply will
not keep pace with it? If so, how are these dis-
tilling establishments to be broken up?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I think I can answerthe
gentleman intelligibly, but whether he is able to
comprehend it or not is a question for him, not
for me. Under the act of 1862, distillers in Illi-
nois engaged extensively in the manufacture of
spirits under the implied pledge of the Govern-
ment that they were to be required to pay but
twenty ccnts per gallon duty. They had to in-
vest immense sums of money in putting up es-
tablishments and preparing for the manufacture.
They had to invest large amounts m the purchase
of grain, corn, and rye to be used in distillation.
And all this they did on the implied faith of the
Government that on the production of their dis-
tilleries a duty of twenty cents per gallon would
be imposed and no more. Their entire calcula-
tions were made in regard to that state of things.
This bill, as it passed the House, imposed on the
stock on hand an additional duty of forty cents
per gallon. Its immediate effect was to reduce
the price of the article twenty-five cents per gal-
Ion, and to induce the capitalists on whom distill-
ers relied for advances to withdraw their accom-
modations. The distillers were informed that this
action of the House had unsettled the whisky mar-
ket, and that there was a-danger of loss and bank-
ruptcy in the trade. They were unable to obtain
further drafts on the stock shipped from tin; West
to the East, and were compelled to submit to\yhat-
ever loss might arise.
There is not an establishment in Chicago or in
Peoria that can pay this additional tax. They
could not raise the funds to do it. The legisla-
tion of the House has so unsettled the trade that
monyed men will refuse to advance monejr to dis-
tillers on commission, and they will be left to the
mercy of the winds and the waves, and to the
mercy of my fnend from New York. If they are
unable to pay this additional tax their stock must
go to the hammer, first to pay the tax to the Gov-
ernment, and secondly to pay for the advances al-
ready made by the commission merchants in New
York, and they will be left with nothing to pros-
ecute their business, and their establishments must
close. Others, taking warning from their fate,
will not renew a business liable at any day to be
44
destroyed by the action of Congress, and this
source of revenue will be lost to the Government.
Mr. IiUTCHINS. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois whether it is not for the interest of the
manufacturers who are to have this additional tax
upon the article to be manufactured to pay, to re-
quire a tax to be paid upon the quantity now on
hand ?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. If the manufacturer was
fortunate enough, before the introduction of the
amendment of the gentleman from New York, or
befoie the passage of the House bill imposing this
additional tax, to sell out his stock on hand at a
good profit, as I have no doubt the distillers in
the gentleman's district did, perhaps it would be
for his interest to have an additional tax laid upon
the stock on hand, or at least it would not affect
him injuriously since he had none on hand to be
affected by it. But in reference to those men in
the West who, owing to the difficulties of trans-
portation, were caught with large quantities of
liquors on hand or in transitu by this bill of the
House, if you impose these additional buidens
upon the stock on hand they will not be able to
raise the money to pay it, and they will necessarily
go*by the board.
Now, sir, what I contend for is that we ought
to so conduct our legislation as not thus violently
to interrupt the current of commerce, and thus
breakdown those who are engaged in it, in a com-
merce that if properly cared for by the Govern-
ment will yield an immense revenue. Sir, th 
dictates of reason would sustain us in adopting
such a course of legislation.
But it is said that speculators have very largely
invested in this article with the view of selling for
an increased price when an additional tax was
imposed. Well, sir, it may be so. I grant it;
but when was there a time in the history of the
country that speculators have not always invested
their capital in commodities which they expected
to sell at an increased price? What speculator
would invest his money in any article of trade or
branch of commerce if he did not expect to real-
ize money from his investment? I cannot under-
stand why there should be such a desire to get
hold of the speculators in highwines moie than
the speculators in anything else.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by Mr.
Forney, their Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate have passed bills of the following
titles; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
A bill (No. 24) granting lands to the State of
Oregon to aid in the construction of a military
road from the Dailes of Columbia river to a point
at or near the mouth of Owyhee river;
A bill (No. 42) in relation to the limitation of
actions m certain cases;
A bill (No. 33) to authorize the enrollment and
license of the steam-tugs B.F. Davidson and W.
K. Muir;
A bill (No. ^3) granting lands to the State of
Oregon to aid in the constiuction of a military
road from Eugene City to the eastern boundary
of said State; and
A bill (No. 110) for the relief of John II.
Shepherd and Walter K. Caldwell, of Missouri.
IX TE KNA L REVE N UE A GAIN.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, the Con-
gress of the United States in Unsanctioned this
as a legitimate branch of commerce in this coun-
try by imposing burdens upon it. They imposed
upon it a burden of twenty cents per gallon. And
having so sanctioned the commerce, if men, spec-
ulators or otherwise, chose to engage in the li-
quor tiaffic vfitli the view of making money from
it, they had a perfect light to do it. We have a
right to manufacture it, and men of means have
the some right to purchase it with the view of
realizing a profit from its sale.
I see no difference in point of principle or law
between a man speculating in highwines and his
speculating m gold, flour, gram, pork, or any
other article of legitimate merchandise. And why
it is that men who have seen fit to invest ;their
means in highwines should be singled out as the
particular class upon whom the vengeance of this
House is to fall, i cannot conceive. The article
has paid its legitimate tax to the Government;
and because men have seen fit to invest in it as an
article of commerce, is that any legitimate reason
for placing such restrictions upon it as shall ut-
terly destroy the manufacturer?
I was asked by my friend from Iowa [Mrl
Grinnell] a while ago whether if we imposed an
increased tax the manufacturer would notbe able
to sell at a correspondingly higher rate. That
as a general rule is true until you reach a point
beyond which men will not purchase. I do not
know where that point is in the liquor traffic. I
do not know that so far as that portion of spirit-
uous liquors is concerned which are drank as a
beverage they will be affected by it. I am in-
clined to think that the more you tax whisky
the more will be sold to those who purchase to
drink.
But, sir, in reference to that which is not con-
sumed as a beverage, there is a point beyond
which if you go you destroy the trade and cutoff
the Governmentfrom all revenue from thatsource,
I do not pretend to say where that point is. I
thought the proposition to impose a tax of sixty
cents per gallon upon spirituous liquors was an
enormous one, and would he so considered, by
those engaged in the manufacture of theni, but I
have been told by some of them that they are
willing to try it provided you assess no additional
tax upon the stock they still have on hand.
They say put what tax you intend to impose
upon us on what is hereafter to be manufactured
at once, so that we may know what we are to
depend upon. Put it as high as you intend to
put it, and we will then know how to arrange our
business to meet it.
Mr. Speaker, I apprehend if it were not for the
fact that a prejudice exists in the minds of some
gentlemen as to the use of whisky there would be
no controversy on the subject more than there is
in regard to other branches of industry. But I
implore gentlemen, when they impose a tax upon
this aiticle, that they will not fix such a tax as
will ruin the men who have embarked their time,
their labor, and their capital in this manufacture.
But whatever tax the Government shall impose,
I implore Congross notto do such gross injustice
as to go back and tax what the manufacturers were
unfortunate enough to have on hand when the
legislation of 22d of February last was proposed.
I have information from those who know that if
this retroactive tax is imposed upon the stock on
hand of these manufacturers,men who have been
legitimately engaged in the prosecution of their
business, men as honestas are to bo found in any
other trade, it will destroy many, if not all, of the
distilleries of the West. When you destroy them
you cut off your entire source of revenue from
that quarter merely to get $4,000,000 from half a
dozen speculators in whose hands a portion of it
may be found.
1 know that my friend from New York im-
agines there is vastly more than two hundred
thousand barrels in New York. The statement
of the committee as to the quantity is from the
best statistical information which could be ob-
tained and from the capacity of the distilleries
m the country to furnish it. I think that, there-
fore, it may be taken at that amount.
My fueud from New York stated yesterday
that there was one bank in the city of New York
tiiat had furnished $250,000 to be invested in this
article of whisky alone. Suppose it did. Thai
amount at the price of whisky before his amend-
ment was offered would buy just five thousand
barrels, and no more. It will be seen that five
thousand barrels is a small proportion of two
hundred thousand barrels.
He status further that he knows three men in
New York who own one half of the amount esti-
mated to be in existence. Suppose they do.
Suppose one man does. If he has the capital he
has the right to buy it. Because three men own
