1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.1
mi-
per cent, to put it up to five, and by that means
we may raise nearly the amount of revenue we
ought to raise now to support the sinking credit
of the country.
Here we are to-day, sir, with General Grant
in front of Richmond, with General Shrerman in
Georgia, with the country full of hope and confi-
dence in the success of our armies, and yet during
this week gold is going up in the city of New
York. The Government wants millions to meet
the immediate demands upon theTreasury to pay
the Army. Here we stand on this the 3d day of
June higgling about the rates of taxation.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know whether the
honorable member means to impeach at all the
wisdom of the Senate. [Mr. Wilson. Not at
at!.] I suppose he does not mean to impute the
delays and the results which have been the con-
sequences of the delays to any procrastination
on the part of the Senate or on the part of the
committee of the Senate to whom the subject has
been referred. Whatever unnecessary delays
may have existed, if there have been any, which
I do not propose to assert, arc to be referred to
another branch of Congress. When the honor-
able member tells us that gold is going up and
our armies are apparently about triumphing over
the foe, and he intimates perhaps, or will be un-
derstood as intimating, that Congress is not will-
ing to lay such an amount of taxes as will be
adequate to meet all the wants of the country, I
am sure, from the manifestation of the opinion
of the Senate, that he does great injustice to the
Senate. 1 suppose there is not a member of the
Senate who is not willing to tax to the whole ex-
tent that mav be necessary to meet the demands
which the exigency requires. He supposes that
this bill will not raise as much as those exigen-
cies do require. The estimate as I understood—
whether I have been informed correctly or not I
do not know; I did not get it from the Depart-
ment itself—of the probable proQeeds of this bill
was some $250,000,000. Whether the taxes pro-
posed in the bill as it was originally drafted have
been in the aggregate reduced or increased, I do
not certainly know; I rather think they have been
increased. The honorable member is better ac-
quainted than I am with what the support of the
armies may require; but if we can get §250,000,000
or $200,000,000 from this bill, and getan increased
amount of revenue from the tariff bill so as to
reach a total of $100,000,000, makingp50,000,000
or $400,000,000, I should suppose it would really
meet all the demands that the occasion may re-
quire; but of one thing I think the country must
be satisfied, I am sure they should be satisfied,
from the exhibition which the Senate has made
of its own opinion as a body and the opinion of
each one of its members, that as far as depends
on this branch of the Legislature there will be no
want of patriotism and no want of wisdom in ex-
erting the whole power with which it is clothed to
meet to the utmost every possible demand which
there may be upon the Treasury.
As to gold going up at this time, it is not at all
to be wondered at. The currency of the country
has been very much inflated; whether unneces-
sarily inflated to any extent I am not prepared to
say, but to a certain extent it was necessary to
inflate it. The demandsof the Treasury required,
in order to be met at all, that they should be met by
tin issue of paper; and while those demands were
• being met in that way, the demands in the country,
the business demands of the country, which are
supplied more or less by bank accommodations,
also required that the circulation of the banks
should be increased partially, and the effect of the
increase from both sources has been to cause an
inflation of the currency which must inevitably
lead to the appreciation of gold; gold now being an
article of commerce, of trade, and not a measure
of value, not money in the ordinary acceptation
of the term, not used as money but used asan ar-
ticle of traffic, will go up from time to time in spite
ofius. My friend who is near mc [Mr. Sherman]
supposed that by each of the two measures which
he so zealously advocated, (and in that opinion
I believe he had the concurrence of the Secretary
of the Treasury,) the appreciation of gold might
be arrested to a certain extent if those measures
were adopted. They were adopted, but they
have had no practical effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow me
to say that the measure we discussed here has
never been adopted by the House of Representa-
tives. It has not been actcd upon.
Mr. JOHNSON. One was adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. One is pending.
Mr. JOHNSON. One was adopted and gold
still goes up. 1 do not think we can avoid it by
legislation of that description. I think we can
only avoid it ultimately—I do not mean to-mor-
row or next week or next month, butsoon; I do
not mean any indefinite period, butsoon weshall
be able to bring about a better state of things, and
that will be later or sooner just as may be,the
success of our arms and just as may be the de-
termination of Congress to meet by legislation in
the form of taxation every demand which there
may be upon the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to delay the
Senate by repeating 1ny conclusions about the
whisky matter. The subject was discussed the
other day at full length. 1 was then asked by
Senators what I supposed was the amount of
stock on hand and what was the amount of man-
ufacture since the proposed increase of tax. I
have taken the pains to got a statement from
the Bureau of Internal Revenue, and I find that
even my anticipations were largely too low. The
amount of whisky on which a tax has been paid
since the 1st of December last is 41,400,619 gal-
lons, an amount more than ever was manufac-
tured in the same length of time brfore in this
country; and this docs not include the large
amount of whisky now held by distillers in bond
or removed for consumption and lipid in bond in
bonded warehouses. The only effect of a grad-
uated tax is to encourage the manufacture of it
from this until the 1st of January next, adding
to the enormous stock there mustnow be on hand.
The Commissioner estimates the stock on hand
as equivalent to one half year's supply, but it is
obvious that the stock on hand, I think, is fully
equivalent to one year's supply, because if a tax
has been paid on 41,000,000gallons in five months,
(and this does not include the month of May; it
is only to the last day of April,) and you add the
amount that was made in May, which was prob-
ably equivalent to 8,000,000 gallons, that having
been the average of the five preceding months,
and add to that the amount already in bonded
warehouse upon which the tax is not paid, and
it would show an enormous aggregate of whisky
manufactured in this country since the 1st of De-
cember. I take it that until that stock is pretty
well exhausted you cannot get much revenue
from the largely increased tax. Therefore 1 think
it is better to fix the standard of taxation you in-
tend to put on this article, and allow these people
to rest on that standard. I do not think with any
rate of taxation, even a dollar a gallon, you will
have much revenue from this article, because the
marketis now glutted. Everybody who can hold
it is now holding it. The idea of encouraging the
manufacture for the next six months by a grad-
uation scale, it seems to mc, is unwise. It is
better for us to put a tax upon the stock on hand,
according to my proposition; but as the Senate is
evidently opposed to that, then make the stand-
ard which you will adopt as the tax on whisky,
and let it rest at that without any attempt to
compel or induce the manufacture of whisky
from now until the 1st of January next. I think
thebestway would be to adopt a dollarstandard,
commence with that, and let it go for a year. If
that is too low, make it higher; but at any rote
fix the standard and let it stand so that people
can buy their corn and carry on business with a
view to the manufacture m the future.
I will send a table, with the letter of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, to the Secretary 5s
desk. It contains some information which may
have a bearing on this subject, and I ask that it
be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Treasury Department,
omci: ok Internal Revenue.,
Washington, May 23, 1k5j.
Sir ? I transmit herewith a monthly statement of tho dis-
tilled spirits upon which tatfd have brcu reported to tins
office from September, 1862, to April, 1864, amounting in
all to 8) ,55*2,107 gallon.*.. From the ls>t of September, lb62,
to March J, 1664, there had been o vporti-d without payment
of duties* 8.975,000 gallon?, and this had piohably reached
10,000,000 gallons by the close of the month of April. This
would make the number of gallons accounted ior to tins
office since the pas>age of the excise law to the 1st of the
current month 91.552,107 gallon®.
From the mfonnauon fiom time to tunc received, I am.
led-to believe that through defective jo* fraudulent indirec-
tion, and other method* of evasion practiced by distillers,
at least, ten per cent, of the quantity distilled, or a total of
over 10,000,000 gallons, has escaped taxation.
I have no means of forming any satisfactory estimate of
the quantity of distilled spirits? on hand at the time the law*
took efteet. It was probably a full half yenr^ supply-'"
Very respectfully, JOSEPH J. LEWIS,
Commissioner.
Hon. John Sherman, United States Senate.
Statement of Distilled Spirits upon which a lax has been col-
lected from September 1,1862, to April 1,1864.
* Gabions.
1862. September .......... t  22,069
October    31,445
• November      115,930 4
■December  3-13,481
1863. January    793,933
February •«♦,.' -  2,265,580
March    3,180,756
Apt it  2,558,094
May  3,501,316
June.......   3,824,086
July  5,231,045
August     4,056,H6
September  4,034,289
October   4,68">,804
November     ' 6,506,9L4
December  7,529,579
1884. January 10,064,138
February i 9,069,977
March    7,247,821
April   7,489,104
Mr. GRIMES. It is possible, Mr. President,
that the Senator from Indiana may not recognize
my right to entertain or express an opinion tin the
subject of taxing: whisky, as he seemed to inti-'
mate that the Senator from Massachusetts 5lmd
not the right to offer an amendment on this ^sub-
ject. Yet I regret to say that the State of which
I am a citizen produces a good deaPof corn which
is manufactured into whisky, and if it did not I
should still claim the right to entertain and to ex-
press my own opinions on this subject as on all
others. 1 know no reason why the'Scnator from
Massachusetts or any other Senator shall not o(T«r
an amendment to the Senate in relation to this,
subjcct as well as to any other. I am in favor of
the amendment that has been proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts, and I think that no
stronger argumentcould be furnished to the Sen-
ate and the country in favor of that proposition
than has been afforded by the Senator from Ohio.
He tells us what is true, that there is already
enough whisky manufactured in the country for'
one year's supply, and what does he propose to
do? lie tells us that there is no probability of
there being «any manufactured during the next'
several months. What are we passing this bill'
for? To rnise revenue It is our purpose, then,
if we want to raise revenue to stimulate the pro-
duction of whisky. How are we going- to do it?
By the very scheme I think that the Committee
on Finance have embodied in their proposition,
and which is carried out to a still greater extent
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
It is proposed to place a tax of $1 25 on every
gallon of whisky that shall be manufactured fiom
the passage of the bill until the 1st of October..
That will stimulate the distillers to use iipaH the*
corn of last year's crop that is within their reach-
which can be easily converted into whisky. Then
it is proposed to increase the tax on whisky that
shall be manufactured between the Isrof October
and the 1st of January next to $1 50 and after
the 1st of January to §2. The result will be that
there will be more whisky manufactured between
the 1st of October and the 1st of January next, dur-
ing those three months, than was ever made in the
same length of time in the whole civilized world;
and why ? Because the distillers will think, and
I think they will justly come to that conclusion
from the several decisions that have been made
by the Senate, and by both Houses of Congress,
indeed, that it is the settled policy of the Govern-
ment not to tax whisky on hand or any other
kind of property that has once been taxed. That
decision has been reached against my judgment,
but it has been reached, and I think it may be
considered as settled. Knowing that whisky on
hand is not to be nixed, it will be their policy to
manufacture just as much as they possibly can
between the passage of the bill and the IstofOc-
i tobcr, so as to avoid the imposition of the addi-
tional twenty-five cents of taxation then, and
between the 1st of October and the 1st of Janu-
ary they will again be stimulated to produce just
as much as possible in those three months in order
to avoid the additional taxation of fifty cents.
