TBS CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
April 19,
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand the bill, by
hearing it read, its proyisions apply to other
fridges besides (his one at the falls,
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir; not one. The sec-
ond section has been stricken out.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to call the attention
qt the gentleman from Kentucky to the special
language made use of in the fourth amendment.
The language is " interrupt navigation." The
lpqption of trie bridge is, of course, not designated
in 'he act. It may be constructed above or be-
lowagiven point. The location will depend upon
the interest of the company; upon the eligibility
of the site, and not upon the state of the river.
The word " interrupt" is too indefinite to be used
in such an act. It seems to me that some word
Should be used which would go further, and make
the company liable for any damages which may
growout of the construction of this bridge. 1
suggest, therefore, if the gentleman is right m the
theory that the navigation is not to be injured by
the structure at all, that a term be made use of
strong enough to convey the idea that the navi-
gation of the stream is not to be impaired. I
would insert after the word "interrupt," the
words " or in any wise impair the navigation."
Mr. MALLORY. Suppose a boat were re-
quired to wait until the draw could be opened,
that would be to that extentan obstruction of the
navigation of the Ohio. J do not know what the
word "impair" would be construed to mean. I
think " interrupt" is sufficiently definite.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 will move, with the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Kentucky, to amend
by inserting after the word " interrupt" the words
" or impair."
Mr. MALLOR.Y. I do not feel inclined to
yield for that amendment.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Was the previous ques-
tion called?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir; but 1 have the
floor.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Is it in order to move an
amendment?
The SPEAKER. Only by consent of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky,
Mr. MOOR{iEAD. I would like to offer an
amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. What amendment?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I would propose to strike
out " ton" and insert " sixty," and to strike out
the draws—these man-traps.
Mr. MALLORY. I have explained to the
House the reasons why I cannot accept that
amendment.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Then I hope the House
will vote down the bill.
Mr, MALLORY. Unless othergentlemen wish
to make further remarks, I call the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 desire to know of the
gentleman from Kentucky the meaning of the
words contained in line seven in brackets "stock-
holders in the Louisville Bridge Company." Do
tliose two roads own the whole stock of the bridge
company?
Mr. MALLORY. I think they do.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oulered to be put.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, aa amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed.it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MOORHEAJD demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill,
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. MALLORY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
luy the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
IDAHO WAGON ROADS.
Mr. ARNOLD, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back House bill No. 323
for the construction of certain wagon roads in the
Territory of Idaho, and moved that it be post-
poned for ten days and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. ALLISON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the construction of a canal for
the improvement of the upper rapids and the
lower DesMoines rapids of the Mississippi river;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the bill be post-
poned for two weeks, and be ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC LAND BUSINESS.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that Monday night next be set apart
forthe businessofthe Committee onPublicLands.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Michigan that these night sessions are only
during the consideration of the tax bill, and that
possibly that may be disposed of before the time
mentioned by the gentleman is reached.
Mr. DRIGGS. We are willing to take our
chances for that.
There being no objection, the proposition was
agreed to.
WAR INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE EXPENSES.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report back from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means the Senate joint reso^
iution (No. 37) for the payment of the expenses
incurred by the committee on the conduct of the
war.
Mr. VOORHEES. I object.
THE OLD HOUSE HALL.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, reported a joint resolution setting apart
the old Hall of the House of Representatives as
a hall of statuary; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that inasmuch as the old Hall of the House of
Representatives is now worse than uselessly oc-
cupicd, and must remain a thoroughfare between
the two wings of the Capitol, that the President
be authorized to invite each of the States to pro-
vide and furnish statues in marble or bronze, not
exceeding two in number each, of men who have
been citizens thereof, illustrious in their histor-
ical renown cv distinguished for their civic or
military sennets, such as each State shall determ-
ine are worthy of national remembrance; and
that the said Hall be set apart for the reception
of such statuary. The resolution also sets apart
$24,000 of the funds which have been, or shall
hereafter be, appropriated for the Capitol exten-
sion, to be used in fitting up the Hall for that
purpose.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I send a letter to the
Clerk's desk, and ask that Jt may be read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Architect's Officfc, United States Capitol,
Washington, D. U., January 13, 1^64.
Sik: I have estimated the cost of taking up the present
floor of ihe old ILil! ot' Representative*?, removing the flag-
stone pavement, laying a new floor, like that of the Con-
gressional Librai y, or of the Senate ver.til)ule,and the put-
ting up of an iron railing six feet high to form a passage
through the Hail, and I hud that the&e improvements will
amount to $24,UU0.
The resolution provides for a " bronze railing." I sup-
pose, however, that an iron railing, painted in imitation
of bionze, is intended, and I have so estimated it. Such
a tailing, composed ot bronze, at the present puce ot cop-
per, would cost about live thousand dolku  more than it
would if made ot iron as sugcested.
Very iespeetJnIly} your obedient servant,
THOMAS U. WALTER,
•Architect United States Capitol Extension, ^ c.
Hon. John H. Rice, Chairman of Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that resolution to make an appro-
priation, and thatit rausttherefore go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. The resolution makes
no appropriation, but merely provides how a
portion of an appropriation already made shall
be used.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands
it, and therefore overrules the question of order.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, as I had the honor
to introduce this proposition, I desire to occupy ihe
attention of the House for a moment. Theexpan-
sionof our country from the old thirteen to thirty-
six States imposed upon us the burden as well as
the privilege of building and extending a structure
for the accommodation of the legislative branches
of the Government and appropuate for the Capi-
tol of the foremost Republic of the world. This
work is now approaching completion. Even a
war waged by rebels for the destruction of the
Government has not retarded its progress for a
single day. The old Senate Chamber has been
already fittingly devoted to the use of the Supreme
Court. The old Hall of the House of Represent-
atives, empty and deserted,remains an unappro-
priated waste, and as it now appears—draped in
cobwebs, and carpeted with dust, tobacco and
apple pomace—a conspicuous nuisance.
Congress is the guardian of this fine old Hall,
surpassing in beauty all the rooms of this vast
pile, and should protect it from desecration. Its,
noble columns from a quarry exhausted and in-
capable of reproduction—
" Nature formed but one,
And broke the die in molding;"
its democratic simplicity and grandeur of style,
and its wealth of association with many earnest
and eloquent chapters in the history of our coun-
try, deserve perpetuity at the hands of an Amer-
ican Congress. Jt was here that many of our
most distinguished men, whose fame " the world
will not willingly let die," began or ended their
career.
it appears to me eminently proper, therefore,
that this House should take the initiative in set-
ting apart with reverent affection the Hall, so
charged with precious memories, to some pur-
pose of usefulness and dignity. To what end
more useful orgrand, and at the same time simple
and inexpensive, can we devote it than to ordain
that it shall be set apart for the reception of such
statuary as each State shall elect to be deserving
of this lasting commemoration? Will not all the
States with generous emulation proudly respond,
and thus furnish a new evidence that the Union
will clasp and hold forever all its jewels—the
glories of the past, civil, military and judicial—■
in one hallowed spot where those who will be
here to aid in carrying on the Government may
daily receive fresh inspiration, and new incentives
"To scorn delights and live laborious days;"
and where pilgrims from all parts of the Union,
as well as from foreign lands, may come and be-
hold a gallery filled with such American man-
hood as succeeding generations will delight to
honor, and see also the actual form and mold of
those who have inerasably fixed their names on
the pages of history.
The suffrages of no State will fail to behonestljr-
and fairly bestowed, for no local shams will be
intruded where the judgment of the world is sure
to be challenged, and where partisanship loses its
current value. We may reasonably expect that
the State contributions, without charge to the na-
tional Government, will speedily furnish here in
the Capitol of the nation a collection of statuary
that will reflect honor upon the illustrious dead,
upon the Republic found to be neither ungrateful
to its distinguished sons nor unmindful of its
obligations; and incidentally, it may be hoped,
theie will be brought forth worthy monuments to
the genius of the artists of the country who will
vie with each other for distinction in the execution
of the various works which may be required.
The extension of the Capitol has added so
much space to existingaccommodations, that the
old Hall is not required as a warehouse or for
comnuttee-rooms, and it is impossible to divide
and distiibute it, if it were so required, in any
manner that will be .satisfactory, or that will not
disclose an awkward, ill-begotten, ill-born, sec-
ond-handed purpose, while if it shall be left whole
and unmutilated as it now is, and only decorated,
as now proposed, with works of art, it will ap-
pear as imposing and perfect as though the idea
sprung from the brain of the architect at the foun-
dation of the Capitol.
The proposition now before us is approved of
by the Superintendent of Public Buildings, (Mr.
French,) and also, after thorough scrutiny of all
other plans, by the present accomplished archi-
tect of the Capitol extension, (Mr. Walter.) I
have yet to hear the first objection to the propo-
sition.
All the work required at present is a new floor
and a suitable bronze or iron railing for the pas-
sage way. Atsome future period the gallery may
have to be removed, but, as it was an excrescence
at the start, or an after-thought, not put up until
the Hall had been completed, there will be no ob-
stacle to its removal or its remodeling, as future
convenience may require.
Before the Hal) can have a suitable light for
