THE CONGRESSIONAL; _ GLOBS,
June 3,
The wsultwiii be that w,e shall derive, in my con-
viction, more revenue during these three months
from the production of- whisky alone than you
will probably derive—I was going to say—from
all other, sources of revehue.,combined.
Do.we want the money, awl-shall we not receive
the money at-just the time we do want it, during
the outgoing i>f the present year and the first four
months of the succeeding year? A large amount
of the whisky which will be manufactured be-
tween«the 1st of October and the 1st of January
will go into bond. -The duty will not be paid on
the 1st of January-, but it will be paid some time
during the first four-months of the coming year,
and the tiiiie when I apprehend we shall most need
money will ba during the lsi&t three months of the
present year and i>he first four months of the next
year.  
Now, what is fhe antagonistic proposition ? To
tax all whisky that shall be manufactured during
the coming year one dollar, with the admission on
the part of at least one of the Senators \jvho pro-
fesses, himself to be in favor of that proposition,
'the Senator from Ohio, that none, or compara-
tively none, will be manufactured. If we are to
look at this measure as a revenue measure, and
not as one affecting the question of temperance or
the morals qf the community, it seems to me that
the Committee on-Financphave ad vised precisely
the schenie th .t wil) best promoto the interests of
the Treasu I'Y, and that, the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is an improvement upon
the Finance Committee's scheme, and hence it
will receive my must cordial support.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I regret that tho Senator
from Iowa supposed that I questioned the right of
any Senator to offer aaamendntent. I was going
to suggest to the Senator from Massachusetts that
he should withdraw his amendmentaadallow.au
amendment more favorable to the interest to be
taxed, first to be considered by the Senate; but
when 1 commenced the sentence I concluded that
I had no right to do so, and therefore I modified
what I hud intended to say.
Mr. GRIMES. I beg the Senator's pardon, 1
certainly misunderstood him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 do not question that.
I do not intend to, discuss the proposition of tho
Senator from Massachusetts just now, but to re-
fer more particularly to what has been said by
the Senator from Ohio. I suppose hie argument
is intended again to,bring tp the attention-of the
Senate tho proposition to tax liquor on hand, and
I am very glad the Senator from Ohio has brought
to the attention of the Senate the information
derived from tho Ticamiry Department, fur it
shows 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will allow me
to say that I make no such proportion. The
Senate having once decided against mo by n ma-
jority of two to one, I do not intend to press that
question again, though I should be glad to realize
such a tax.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am glad to hear the
Senator say that he does not propose to raise I hat
question again. But I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that the production of
whisky in the northern part of tha United States
has very much decreased cinder the taxation im-
posed. The table from the Treasury Department,
piesented by tho Senator from Ohio, shows that
for the nineteen months closing with April, 1864,
the production of whisky was SI,552,107 gulluns.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue supposes,
though he doesnot profess to have much inform-
ation on that subject, that 8,000,000 gallons
have been exported; but that does not appear in
the 81,000,000. That would bo about 90,000,000,
according to his own showing, produced in tiie
United States for the nineteen months closing in
April last. The cen?i)s of 1860 shows that the
pioduction of whisky in the United States for the
year ending the 1st day of Jiine, 1860, was
80,453,069 gallons. There was almost as much
pi oduced ai the year from June 1,1859, to June 1,
1860, us was produced in the nineteen months
closing in April last; and yet Senators have been
under the impression all the while that the pro-
duction lias been stimulated and greatly increased.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to mention to
the Senator the fact that after the revenue law
ofl8G2took effect in September, for five or six
months there was scarcely any manufactured.
The immediate efft-ct of th(i tax ivaa to stop the
manufacture of spirits at once, just, as the effect
now of a large increase of the tax will be to stop
it. The manufacture of whisky was so enor-
mously pushed forward in the su.mmer of 1862,
that in September of that year only about 20,000
gallons were made, and it increased slowly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In September, 1862, over
22,000 gallons were manufactured.a,ccording-to this
table, and September is a mo-nth in w-hich bu t little
liquor is ordinarily manufactured- It is proper,
I shou^l state here, that the census of 1860 includes,
the production of the southern States as well as the,
northern States,;,but Tennessee, Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama,
Texas, and Arkansas contributed only, 1,231,167-
gallons to the lotal, leaving in the States notwithin
the rebellion about80,000,000 gallons produced in
the year ending June 1,1860  How does that cor-
respond,! wili ask the Senator, to the five months
to which he called the attention of the Senate, tho
months of December, 18G3, and January, Febru-
ary, March, and April, 1864? and the Senate will
observe that these are the months during which
nearly all the liquor is produced. It is, not ex-
pected that in the summer months very,much
liquor will be produced; it is notthc interest of.the.
country that it should bo so. During these five
■months the production ha,s been 41,400,619,gal-
lons. In 1859 and 1860, in the northern States
not now iu lebelhon, the year's production was.
8(T,000,000 gallons. In the five months to which
the Senator has called particularattenuon, Decem-
ber, 1863, January,February,March,and April, i
1864, the months when the production is largest,
possibly, the entire production according to the
Tieasury Department is 41,00)0,000 ga!l<,mri,;onc
half of the production of 1860, the j,u,voiablo five
months producing about one half of what was pro-
duced in a year befoie a tax was,imposed. 1 am
very glad the Senator has brought these facts to
our attention. 1 had not concurred in the general
impression that this interest had been stimulated
and that the production had increased, though 1
had not the facts before me to enable me to arrive
at a satisfactory conclusion about that. But now
it is very clear that stnr.e the war and since tho
imposition ofthetaxof twenty cents on the gallon,
the production, of liquor has certainly not been
increased. I hope the Senate will not adopt the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mas^1
sachusetts. , I do not piopose to discuss that, as
the chairman does not favor it.
Mr. WILSON. I think the figures presented
by the Senator from Ohio go to show us that we
should have made some money, for the Govern-
ment if we had taxed the whisky on hand; but
lhat question is settled; it is too late to discuss it
now. . . 1
The Senator from Maryland expressed the hope ]
that 1 (lid not mean to impeach the motives ur the
wisdom of the Senator. Certainly not, sir. , I
suppose that all of us aie actuated by substan-
tially the same motives, but we have differences ,
ofopinion tn regard to the details of the bill, that is i
all. Nor did 1 wish to reflect m the slightest degree :
upon the action either of the Committeeon Finance |
or of the Senate. Tl)is bill came to usata very lata j
day; I think it should have come from the House,
of Representatives weeks before it did; but it is
now here. The Committee on Finance, have de-
voted days and nights to its examination, and
they have lmpioved it m almost every section,
and have been generally sustained by tho Senate
in the amendments winch they have ptoposed.
A vast deal of labor has been bestowed on the
bill by the Committee on Finance and by the Sen-
ate. Those amendments are neailyall adopted
and we are about to pass the bill. My own
judgment is, and it ts the judgment of some of
'the best minds of the country, that this bill will
not produce all the income we ought to have at
this time. All admit that we ought to raise fiom
three to four hundred million dollars by internal
taxation. 1 think we can do it by increasing the
duty on whisky and tobacco and by taxing man-
ufactures seven per cent., and,as the representa-
tive of a manufacturing State, I am willing to put
seven per cent, upon manufactures instead of five.
I have offered this amendment to increase the"
tax on whisky because 1 believe it can bear it; it
will not diminish the consumption; its effect in
that way will be hardly perceptible. Tiie heavy
taxes put, upon spirits in England have not dimin-
ished thv consumption then', and they will not
here..-:The.Sfnator from Indiana, tells us that un-
der our taxation the production has been dimin-
ished. - 1 olpiprebpnd. that at the close of last year,
and tho beginning of the present yea? it was rather
Esumuta(«i',in viewof the fact that there .would be
an increased duty imposed; everybody saw that it
rnustb&so; and it wSis'dtminishcd ill the spring fox.
the reason that the manufacture always diminishes
in the spring. The latter months of autumn and
the winter are the portions of the year when dis-
tilling is most active. If- we adopt the amend-
ments-we:shall raise $300,000,000 during the com-
ing year by this act. This will tend to restore,
the- waning credit of the country, improve the
currency, and will enrich the Government and the
country. Tli.e country demands increased taxa-
tion. The demand comes from all quarters of the
country, and,, especially from the businessmen,
the manufacturers., the mechanics,the merchants
all over the land. I have moved this amendment
from a sincere conviction that the needs of the
country demand it, and that the good of the peo-
ple lequiies that we shall adopt it; and if it be
adopted I intend, if nobody else will, to move an
increase of the tax on the articles taxed in the
ninety-third section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. During the consideration
of thin hill I have refrained as much as possible
from entering into general discussion; and have
said as little, os 1 could consistently with the duty
which was imposed on me to explain the differ-
ent provisions of the bill if 1 shotild be called on
to explain them. I anticipated that we should
have a full discussion of this particular branch of
the bill when it came up in the Senate, and I was
desirous that we should have a session this even-
ing for the purpose of settling ihis question at
least, if we could. 1 think, sir-, we may us well
take some things for settled, and when they are
Settled, and we have come to the conclusion that
they are settled, let them alone. Now, the Sen-
ator ft-i'in Ohio yiys that lie regards the question
| of putting a tax upon liquors on hand as settled
: by the Senate, .1 suggest to him, then, whether
tt is not as well to drop the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have said that I do not
propose to raise that question again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood the. Senator
to raise it just now, for he predicated his action
on this question by our action in regard to taxing
liquors on hand. Now, allow me to say that, tho
only way in which you can avoid (and then only
partially and to a very limited extent, in myjudg-
ment) the. difficulty that arises from the state of
things as it is as it affects the revenue is to tax
liquors on hand. If you put a tax upon those,
you save a certain amount of money, or rather
an uncertain amount; some Senators think more,
some less. Before the Senator from Ohio intro-
duced liis tables I was inclined to think that we
might save more than I now think we could; for,
with the Senator from Indiana, I am somewhat
surprised at the result of the tables themselves.
If onlv about eighty million gallons have been
manufactured in the last nineteen months—that
is the amount, 1 believe, exclusive of what is ex-
ported, and which you do not count—I should
like to know what amount of stock there is on
hand at the preseqt time, making allowance for
all that lies been used in the.ordinary way, and
all that lias been used for manufactures in the,
country. Manufactures of course would maka
but a snu,11 percentage, perhaps not over ten per
cent, of that; but the table certainly shows, because
tile use has been going on for the whole nineteen
mpnths, the use both for manufactures and by
way of ordinary consumption, that the distilla-
tion has not been greater than the average before
that time.
Under, these circumstances, taking those tables
as correct, I should like to know what becomes
of these broad statements thatare made tbatthere
are fifty or sixty million gallons on hand at the
present time. If those tables may be relied upon
nobody can believe that for a moment. We hmsfe
had before the Committeeon Finance all manner
of statements with legard to the quantity on hand.
It has gone from twelve millions up to sixty or
seventy millions. As I remarked, one gentleman
in particular who was very anxious a year ago
and insisted that it was -a ruinous policy and an
improper policy in every way to put a tax on
liqgtors on hand had changed his views expressly
upon the ground that thcie was so much of it you
