1-864.
THE CONGBESSIOim ©LOlfi,;
BSE
statuary a new roof with mors light will be necesr
sary; but as the present roof is a wooden one, con-
structed almost entiiely. of combustible materials,
alrea4y decaying, a new fire-proof roof will doubt-
less ere long be required, whatever may be done
with the Hall, fins can, however, be postponed
as long as it may be wise or safe to do so, and
until the proper time, and then the cost will be
no greater to have it adapted to the object now
proposed than to any other.
We have a large amount of excellent marble of
various descriptions lying about, not required for
the completion of the Capitol, and therefore oth-
erwise useless, which can be used forthefloorat
this time at less expense than it will ever again
be possible to obtain it, and besides., w,e have the
machinery now ready to cut and finish it, pro-
vided it shall be so determined.
I understand, also, that it has been proposed
to remove the high bronze railing now in the Li-
brary for a smaller-sized railing, and if so, and it
should be found appropriate, as I do not think it
will be, that might be taken to serve as a railing
for the central passage proposed through the Hall.
Under any circumstances, whether the new mate-
rials or those on hand shall be found most avail-
able, the expense cannot be large, and hardly
more than or different from wha£ a prudent pro-
prietor would expend for the mere preservation
of the premises.
While the times demand of us the sternest
economy, I know of no object to which so small
a sum can be devoted with purer or more exalted
motives, and none more likely to be cordially
greeted by the patriotic heart of the nation.
But it is not proposed to add a dollar to ourap-
propriations. It is merely proposed to set apart
a small portion of the funds ($500,000 recently
voted by the House) for the completion of the
Capitol, and the whole object will be accomplished.
That fund is very large, and I think no one will
object to the disposal of so small a portion of it
in the manner indicated.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I did design to make
some remai ks upon this joint resolution, but as
the moining hour is just expired, and as I am
desiious of disposing of the matter this evening,
I will not take up the time of the House, but de-
mand the previous question on the engrossment
of the joint resolution.'
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed—ayes 87, noes 20.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following ti-
tles; which were thereupon signed by the Speaker:
An act (H. R. No. 303) to amend an actentitled
" An act to establish and equalize the grade of
line officersoftheUnitedStatesNavy," approved
July 16, 1862;
An act (H. R. No. 301) toamend an act for en-
rolling and calling out the national forces so as to
increase the rank, pay, and emoluments of the
Provost Marshal General; and
An act (H. R. No. 287) to change the name of
the district and port ofPresque Isle to the district
and port of Erie.
THE REBEL STATES.
The morning hour having expired, the House
resumed the consideration of the bill relative to
the reorganization of the rebel States, on which
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. J. C. Allen]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. J. C.ALI^EN. Mr. Speaker, as a mem-
ber of the committee on the rebellious States, dif-
fQring with the majority as to the propriety of
the legislation proposed by this bill, as well as to
the power of Congress over many of the ques-
tions it involves, I ask the indulgence of the
House while J present some of the reasons that
induce me to "withhold from it my support. The
mode by which it proposes to institute State gov-
ernments is new. The power it proposes Con-
gress shall exercise is, in my judgment, net-con-
ferred by the Constitution and cannot be exercised •
except in derogation of the rights of the States,
and of the people. It is. the offspring of a revo ;
lutionary spirit now pervading to some extent
the country,and manifesting itself to an alarming
degree in the executive awl legislative depart-,
ments of the Government-, presaging- to ours the.
fate of the republics of history, where civil lib-
erty was lost in the usurpation and centralization,
of power.
The signs of the times are portentous. Gw.
political fabric is stirred to its center. Ambi-
tion, civil war, taxation, and national bankruptcy,
are all testing at the same time the p'owier ani
strength of our system; and the friends of free*
government everywhere are anxiously waiting!
for the hour when they can rejoice in its, triumph
or must weep over its downfall.
In this hour of tempest and darkness, L fear-to>
launch out upon unknown and untried seas. I.
prefer to keep close to the landmarks and follow,
the charts laid down b.y the fathers, whose expc«.
rience and wisdom enabled them to point out-the-
Scylla and Charybdis which may wreck, our.
vessel of State, laden with,all our national hopes.
Educated, in the school of revolution, hawing,
eaten its bitter fruits and drank its poisonous cup,
they have left us their wisdom, embodied in the
Constitution, as a rule for our government, in
war no less than in peace.
We have been unmindful of the lessons they in-
culcated, we have not heeded their warnings, we
have become unfaithful to this rule of govern-
ment; hence ourpresentperil. Our safety for the
future depends, not upon new and untried experi-
ments dictated by the prejudices and passions,of
the hour, but upon a rigid adherence to the letter
and spirit of the Constitution as the great'funda-
mental law of the Government, looking to an
administration of the same upon its principles
and by its rules, as the only mode by which we
can bring order out of confusion, protect and per-
petuate the civil liberty of the citizen, and restore
the States to Union and peace.
I shall not stop to inquire who is to blame for
our present difficulties, whether the sinrests upon
fanaticism at the North oraspiritof rebellion at
the South. If 1 were to do so, I would probably
find much to condemn in both sections. My earn-
est desire is to see the Union restored, the su-
premacy of the Constitution and laws vindicated,
at the earliest practicable moment, with the least
possible expenditure of life and treasure, and the
least possible detriment to the material interests
of the States. Already an ocean of blood has
been shed, a half million of lives have been sac-
rificed to the fell spirit of discord. Billions of
treasure have been wasted. 1 would not add one
more drop to that ocean, one more pang to the
distress, one more body to the hecatomb, than
was necessary. I have no sympathy with a man
who, led on by the madness of fanaticism and
love of strife, can press forward over ly>mes
made desolate, governments destroyed, over fields
of carnage and States laid waste by fireandsword,
and laugh "at chaos come again," or for him
whose love of power, whose thirst for dominion,,
or whose desire for revenge, would lead him one
step beyond the point where CJnion and peace,
could be attained. And our legislation here and
our operations in the field should be directed to
this great end.
How that end can be best accomplished is a,
question about which gentlemen may honestly
differ, for the human mind is so differently organ-
ized that men in starting out from the same prem-
ises often arrive at different conclusions. And it
would be strange indeed if men who start out.
from different standpoints should find their con-
clusions in accord.
To determine whether the plan proposed in thi^i
bill is one that will accomplish the purpose sought,,
we ought first to determine what relation these
rebellious States and the citizens thereof bear to
the Federal Government, for we are not prepared
to vote understandingly upon this bill or to judge
correctly what these States need until we have
settled thisquestion in our own minds. Judging
from the debates of this session there is groat con-
trariety of opinion upou the subject. 1 propose
to give my own view of that relation, and from it
deduce the reasons upon which my opposition to
the bill is based.
Are they States in the. -Unibn;: or haw they
ceased to lie States in theOniatt'and are their citi*:
zone to be regarded as citizens of foreign -Spates?.
If out of the Union, when did they get..attst<aneb
how d id they become foreign ^States By resist?:
iug the authority of theU ruled States, with, for&e?"
Suceiy not. They couldnot thus cutasundorthe!
ligs«n©rits-;thi!(.t bound themito thoFederaLGavern-i
raent and release themselves from the obligations!
and duties which, they o.wed tO;it,,unless this resist*
aijcje-.hiad been carried to a: point wliere the Gov-;
eAM «it had- given its consent to a,separation, the
pointat which all revolutions- become suacessfui.t
It.wtll'.itOit be contended by the friends of this bili!
that t<taiA point has; been reached-. Then if they,
have not tbus<h.ewn.their Way o,ut of the Union,
to-tlie position of foreign Suites, how else coilld
they get owSi There is b.wt one other way, and;
that is by; their acts on rather ordinances of seces-.
;sion. if they could, go- out by act of secession,
• without consentof the-Federal Government,.then,
they are out, and tljey are foreign States;.and their
citizens ,o.we obedienee and allegiance to another
Government.
Then, the war we have -been, waging, against
them, is,not a war, to v dicate-th« supremacy of
the Constitution and the l®ws>of the Federal Gov-
ernment, but a war of conquest for the subjuga-
tion of a foreign people. If they became foreign
States by the act of secession, then they had a-
right to secede. If they had no right under- the.
Constitution and laws-to secede, then their ordi-
nances of secession were void, and they are yet
States in the Union, and-the allegiance and obe-
dience of their citizens are due to the Federal
Government, in all that the Federal Government
has a right to demand. -
If I believed these States were out of the Union,,
were foreign States, I would regard this war upon
them as a sin in the sight of God and men, since
its purpose then could only be revenge or plun-
der. We would have no more right to wage a
war for their conquest than we would have to,
wage war upqn-the Canadas orany other foreign
Power. If they were out of the Union and for-
eign,States by actof secession, peaceful negotia-
tion was the mode that Christianity and eiviliza-,
tion would pointout,and war only the last resort,
when all other means of settling disputed questions,
should have failed. But they were, not regarded
by the Government out of the Union. The
President and Congress did not so regard them.
The people, when they rallied under the call fo.r
troops, rallied under a belief that the war whs a
war to maintain the Union, to vindicate the su-
premacy of the laws over men and- States in re-
bellion against rightful authority. His true we
treat their citizens, when captured with arms in
their hands, as prisoners of war, entitled to the
rights that pertain to belligerents under the usages
of war; but we do this, not because we regard',
them as citizens or soldiers of a foreign Govern-
ment, but because humanity and the interest of
our own soldiers captured by them require that
we should thus treat them. Hence cartels for ex-
change of prisoners are agreed upon, &c.
It has therefore been regarded as a civil war
waged between two powerful parues, the one en-
deavoring to enforce and the other to resist the
authority of a Government to which the allegiance
and obedience of both are alike due.
Is this bill then adapted to the condition of these
States, and can we, under our power derived from
the Constitution, rightfully do what the bill pro-
poses? I do not believe the measure will tend to
restore peace and promote Union, but rather in-
crease the distrust and discord. I am satisfied
that a large portion of the citizens of the rebel-
lious States were induced to consent to secession
under a fear that their rights under the Constitu?
tion, while the Government was in the hands of
the present party in power, would be insecure;
that the power and influence of the Government,
would be used to their injury and their huanlia-,
tion. Nor was it strange thatsuch a fearsho.uid,
exist, for they had been taught by Washington,
Jefferson, Jackson, Clay, Webster, Fillmore,and
others that this Government would not be able to
withstand the effect of a party in power organ-
ized upon a sectional idea and bounded by geo-
graphical lines. Believing this, they took the
step that has proved so disastrous to them and
to us.
Say you this fear did*bot justify rebellion ? 1
