2714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
object; and I believe that when* the matter is'tested
my opinions will be found to be true.
' I am, therefore, opposed to the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Massachusetts. Indeed,
I am opposed to that offered by the Committee on
Finance. I think the tax should be so regulated
as not to go over a dollar a gallon; indeed, if 'I
thought I could carry the proposition I would ad-
vocate that the highest tax should be sixty cents.
Not being able,in the present temper of the Sen-
ate, to carry that, I would not put it higher than
a dollar. ,You might have for some months an
amount less than^ that, if you ch'ose, but that
should bfe the outside amount. My own impres-
sioti js that it would bring more revenue than it
will if you put it to $1 50, and afterwards to §2.
• I know that this is an article off which we
ought to ratee as much revenue as we conven-
iently can, haying due regard for the interests of
the corn-growing region. I do not believe we
ought' to lay a t&x upon it with a view to prevent
the production of the article, for it is a very heavy
interest in the western country. The corn, hog,
and cattle interests in the valley of the Missis-
sippi are very much interested in this subject of
the production of whisky. I think we should
have due regard ,to the great agricultural interests
of the West, for they are all deeply connected
with it,' .1 therefore shall advocate even a lower
tax than' that proposed by the Committee on
Finance.'
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken T
wish to mfake a suggestion to my colleague, which,
it seems to me, will bo an improvement of his
amendment. I am for his amendment precisely
as the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] said he
was for it, because it is an improvement on the
proposition of thecommittec; but it sCems tome
his amendment would be improved still further if
it were so contrived as to bring the tax to bear
faore between October and January than it does;
and for this reason: it is m October that the crops
have eomein,that the material forthe distillery has
accumulated; it is the best time for the distiller.
The distiller through that period, from October
to January, may make the most money, unques-
tionably. 1 start with that proposition. During
the autumn, from October to January, is the
harvest time of the distiller.
Mr. FRSSFJNDEN. It is no better than from
January to March.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg your pardon; but even
supposing it is no better than from January to
March, we do propose to put a tax of §2 at Jan-
uary. .Now, J, propose to my colleague ihat he
should alter his amendment in this way, so that
it shall begin at $1 50, and from October to Jan-
uary it shall be 75, and from and after Janu-
ary, $2. Assuming, as the Senator from Maine
suggests, that it is a good time for the distiller
from January until March, I would put the tax
of 52 upon him daring that time; from October
to January let him be taxed $1 75.
Mr. FESSENDEN, (to Mr. Wilson.) How
much does your amendment raise from July?
Mr. SUMNER. My colleague's amendment
begins at §1 25, and then from October to Janu-
ary it is $1 50. I propose that it should begin at
§1 50, and ftom October to January it should be
§1 75, and after January $2.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is greatly mistaken when he supposes
that the distillers can make more from October
to January than in any other season of the year.
In the Jail season of the year the distillers lay in
their stock of corn, their hogs, and their cattle,
from which they make their greatest profit. If
you break down their establishments in January
you destroy them utterly. They make their
whole arrangements in November or October,
when the corn begins to come in; they have their
stock on hand, and they are compelled to carry
on the distilleries till May or June. Hence it is
that they are not able to stop the large establish-
ments after they get under way until their stock
is fattened and taken -to market. Therefore, so
far us the Senator's argument is concerned, it does
not apply to these cases at all.
Mr. HOWE. As the yeas and nays have been
called and I have got to vote against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, I want
to tell him why. It is not because I believe he
proposes to put a higher duty on whisky than it
will bear. I know of no reason why whisky
will not pay $3 a gallon in this country. I am
told it pays $2 80 in England; I am told it pays
$5, ana I was told so by very high authority. I
have not any positive evidence as to what it does
pay. My own understanding is that it pays
$2 80.
Mr. COWAN. Two dollars and forty cents—
ten shillings.
Mr, HOWE. The people who drink it in this
country are as able to pay a heavy tax as the
English whisky-drinking population are. Here
whisky has no rivals; there it has several—more
and better beer, more and better porter, and a
great many cheaper wines than we have here to
compete with; and if it can pay $2 40 there I
do not know why it cannot pay $3 or $4 here;
and therefore I do not refuse to vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
because I believe it is a higher rate of duty than
this article will bear.
My idea is that in settling this tax the first
question the Senate ought to answer to itself is,
how much tax can you put on so that with the
aid of the new crop in September or October next
the manufacturer can recommence the work of
distillation and sell his product in competition
with the stock on hand? That is the first ques-
tion to be settled. Whisky made now pays sixty
cents a gallon. It seems to me just as clear as the
light of midday that all the tax you want to put
on up to the time the new crop comes in ought to
be put on now. If you think distillation can start
at a dollar a gallon, or a dollar and a quarter a
gallon, or a dollar and a half a gallon, you ought
to put it on now, and let it stop there until the
new crop comes in; and why ? Because by leav-
ing it off, whatever the increase is in October, you
hold out just so much inducement to the manu-
facturer to crowd his distillery and keep produc-
ing between now and then, when the interest of
the country is, as was explained the other day,
that no moreofthematerial which theGovernment
wants for other purposes should be put into this
article.
If it bo conceded that you can start with $1 25 a
gallon, you must understand that the manufac-
turer who wants to commence manufacturing in
the fall puts the question to himself whether he can
do so. He knows that there is a large quantity
of this whisky on hand, that it has just so much
advantage in the market as thedifterence between
the ttix it has paid and the tax we put on it. If
you raise the tax to a dollar now, and it stands
at that price on the 1st of October, then this stock
unconsumed has an advantage in the market of
foity cents, and to compete with the holders of
that stock the manufacturer must make his whisky
at forty cents less. But if you suppose that they
can start with jjl 25 then the difference is sixty-
five cents a gallon.
If, however, you do not fix the rates so high
but that the manufacturer can recommence dis-
tillation, then what can you do afterwards ? Scv-
eial Senators assume that, in three months after
that you can raise the duty again twenty-five
cents, if that be so, I ask Senators if it is not
better botli for theGovernment and for the man-
ufacturer, instead of levying a tax of §1 25 for
three months and then putting on $1 50, to raise
it ten cents every month ? Then you get it up
ih the course of three months to thirty cents in-
stead of twenty-five cents; and if the distillation
is seven million gallons a month it has paid
§700,000 to the Treasury for the first month, and
§1,400,000 for the second month, and $2,100,000
tor the third month. There is an aggregate of
$4,200,000 that you get into the Treasury by rais-
ing U ten cents a month instead of letting it run
at an even £1 25 for three months, and then put-
ting it up a quarter of a dollar.
There is another advantage in raising it in that
way. If you let it run at a fixed sum for three
months, the speculator, whether he be a distiller
or not, the man who has capital, has a great in-
ducement to invest it in this article and hoard it,
and thus to cripple the poorer manufacturer who
has not that capital to use. He has this induce-
ment, because every gallon that he sells when the
three months come around will be worth twenty-
five cents more in the market. But if you raise
it ten cents at a time, and he saves say in the
month of October a certain number of gallons, lie
has got to save that for three months before ho
can realize an increase on it, before the new rate is
imposed. The leakage, the loss, the depreciation
in whisky, I am told, is very nearly five per cent,
a month. Iam told that the average lossisabout
six per cent, on the transit of whisky from Illi-
nois to New York. That is a serious discourage-
ment in the \vay of this hoarding. The whisky
that he saves in the second month, in November,
pays an additional ten cents to the Government.
Then he has but sixty days, to be sure, to hold
that; there is but sixty days* depreciation to sus-
tain; but he has paid an additional ten cents.
That which he makes in December he suffers a
depreciation on of only thirty days; but he has
paid twenty cents additional tax on' that; so that
for the manufacturer it is materially better that
you should raise this tax gradually and frequently
than that you should raise it by large sums and
at periods more remote from each other.
I shall therefore vote against every proposition
which proposes to raise this duty once in three
months twenty-five or fifty cents at a time. I am
willing to put on the duty now at any sum which
the Senate agrees will not prevent the manufac-
turers from starting their distilleries in the fall.
I am willing then to raise it ten cents a month,
and to continue to do so just as long as any one
pleases, at least till it gets upas high as three dol-
lars a gallon. I think for the leasons I have en-
deavored to state that that is the safest way in
which we can get up to the maximum rate which
this article will bear.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
ll.nlan, Harris, Morrill,Ramsey,Sumner, and Wilhon—U.
NAYS — Messrs. Buckalew, OarJiJe, Clark, Coliamer,
Cowan. l)avn, Dooiutle, Fessenden, Hale, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana,, Morgan,
Powell, Richardson, Slieiniun, Ten EycK, Van Winkle,
and YVilley— 21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Conncsp,Dixon, Harding,
IItek-<, llowaul, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Noimtli,
I'omeroy, lltddle, Salisbury, Spiague, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wright—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
bill on page 59, section fifty-four, by striking out
from line seven down to and including the word
"gallon" in line fourteen, as follows:
October, 18C4, a dutyof,$l on each and every gallon;
on and alter October 1, 1864, and prior to the l&t day of
January, 1£G5, a duty of $1 25 on each and every gallon ;
on and after the l^t day of January, 1865, a duty of $1 50
on each and every gallon.
And to insert:
July, 1865, a duty of on each and every gallon ; and on
and after the 1st day of June, 1865, a duty of $1 50 on each
and every gallon.
I desire to submit a very few remarks in favor
of the amendment which I have proposed; but
the Senate is thin to-night, and I would rather no
vote would be had upon it.
Mr. COWAN. 1 think it is time to adjourn,
and I will make that motion.
Mr. FKSSENDEN. Let us settle this ques-
tion to-night. I really want to get through with
the bill to-morrow.
Mr. HISNDRICKS. I hope the Senator from
Maine will not insist on a vote to-night. There
arc several Senators absent, and this is an im-
portant question.
Air. FKSSENDEN. I know that. I am afraid
the committee's proposition will lose by their ab-
sence, instead nf gaining.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have some hopesof that
myself; but it is fair that we should have on so
important a question a full Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator must be
aware that if we now adjourn and leave this ques-
tion unsettled and open for debate, we cannot pos-
sibly get through with the bill to-morrow night,
when it is important to close it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It has not been customary
in our night sessions to take an important vote.
Mr. GRIMES. We have just taken an im-
portant vote.
Mr. HENDRICXCS. What was that?
Mr. GRIMES. On the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not much afraid of
that. I did not think the Senate would adopt
that.
