L738
THE CONGtliESSlOJS1 AL GLOBE.
April 19,
admit it. It was their duty to have remained in
the Union and aided in averting the evil they1
feared, and I do not allude to it for the purpose of
apologizing for them. But if we desire their re-
turn to allegiance we must take such course as
will be calculated to remove such an apprehension.
It would be unreasonable to suppose that a meas-
ure actually accomplish ing what they feared would
induce their return. The fear was the inequality
of rights of their States in theUnion, and that the
rights of their citizens would be infringed by the
party then about to assume the reins of govern-
ment. It is not my purpose to inquire whether
this fear was well founded. It is sufficient for the
purpose of this argument that it existed, and that
it prompted them to attempt secession.
This bill is based upon the supposition that the
time will come when these people will be willing
to return to allegiance and duty. But it contains
provisions which destroy the equality of these
States and curtail the rights of their citizens. I
know gentlemen are ready to answer that these
people have forfeited the protection which the
Constitution gives to the law-abiding citizen and
have no right to claim the protection of the Con-
stitution. I answer, they have rendered them-
selves amenable to the penalties prescribed by the
Constitution and laws by their rebellion, and it
will remain with the Government to say how far
these penalties may be inflicted upon them when
again brought within their reach; but you can
only inflict penalties on individuals. You cannot,
and ought not if you could, to fix the badge of
inequality upon the States, fori assume if these
States are not entitled to equality of right in the
sisterhood of States then they ought not to ( e in
the sisterhood. This is the theory of our Con-
stitution and has ever been the practice of the
Government. No plan for the reorganization of
these States will be successful that does not keep
this fact in view. Their reorganization on any
other basis will only be effected by force, and
their people will only yield such obedience to the
Government as is exacted by force.
The President's plan, asset forth in his amnesty
proclamation of December last, jy subject to the
same objection. The House will pardon me if
for a moment I wander from my argument upon
this bill to pay a passing notice to that proclama-
tion, although it may be deemed a work of su-
pererogation to discuss a document of such un-
limited pretension that has so soon fallen into such
geneial contempt. In regard to it, I agree with
much that was said by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Davis,] that it is not worth the paper
upon which it is written; that th#  President pos-
sessed no constitutional power to enforce it; that
it is a dead letter except in the presence of the
Army. That it was intended to increase the Presi-
dent's power on the floor of the House and of the
Senate, and more particularly in the electoral col-
lege, are facts too palpable to be successfully con-
troverted. I know that the President's right to
issue and enforce it is defended by some upon the
ground that in time of war the President as Com-
mander-in-Chief may do what in his judgment
may seem meet; that in war he is released from
constitutional restraints, and that the constitu-
tional rights of the citizens as well as of States
may be disregarded by him; that under his war
power he can suspend such provisions of the Con-
stitution as stand m the way of the accomplish-
ment of his plans, leaving to him to be the exclu-
sive judge of its necessity; and in thisproclamation
he claims the right to dictate to the States what
shall and what shall not be in their State constitu-
tions; what laws shall and what laws shall not be
upon their statute-books; who shall be and who
shall not be entitled to the elective franchise}*
when Representatives and Senators shall be en-
titled to seats upon this floor and in the Senate,
and when the States shall be represented in the
electoral college. I need notsay thatsuch powers
are not only dangerous to civil liberty, but that
their exercise is military usurpation. If he can
in time of war suspend one portion of the Con-
stitution under the pretext of military necessity,
he can suspend the whole instrument, and make
his power not only absolute but perpetual; he
can suspend that provision of the Constitution
which authorizes the people to elect his successor
in November next, and install him into office on
the 4th of Marcl*. following; he can issue his
mandate and disperse the two Houses of Con-
gress ; he can send his posse into your court-rooms'
and drive the judges from the bench. All these
things he can do if he has power to do any one of
them, and he has the same right to do any or
all of them that he has to dictate to a Slate what
its State constitution shall or shall not contain.
What power the President possesses, either in
peace or in war,he derivesfrom the Constitution.
Whatever powers he exercises must be exercised
in pursuance of its warrant, and when he steps
beyond the power conferred by that instrument
he becomes to that extent a usurper.
Can it be supposed that our fathers, emerging
from a baptism of blood shed in resisting the
usurpations of George III, would have given us
a Government and called it a free Government, a
republic, in which the President, a mere servant
of the people, could, by involving the country in
war, become as absolute in his power as any
despot upon a throne? Such a construction would
make the Constitution contain the seeds of its own
destruction. The doctrine is the offspring of a
spirit of revolution; its aim is the overthrow of
constitutional government, andits end the annihi-
lation of civil liberty.
But to come back to a consideration of this bill.
It purports to be "a bill to guaranty to certain
States, whose governments have been usurped or
overthrown, a republican form of government."
It proposes to authorize the President to appoint
a provisional governor for each of these States,
"and that as soon as military resistance to the
United States shall be suppressed and the people
thereof sufficiently return to their allegiance to
the laws of the United States," the governors
thus appointed, through the marshals and their
deputies, shall enroll the citizens of those States,
requiring those thus enrolled to take an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States;
and that if a number equal to one tenth of those
enrolled shall take such oath, then the governor
shall issue his proclamation calling a State con-
vention to adopt a State constitution, and fixing
the numberof delegates and places of voting,&c.
i have given the substance of the first three
sections of the bill. This bill in some respects
is tin improvement upon the President's plan of
reconstruction. It preserves the geographical
boundaries of the States, and would prevent the
division of one of these States into two or more
States. It also in a subsequent section provides
that Congress shall determine when they have
sufficiently reformed their State governments as
to entitle them to a representation upon this floor
and in the Senate. ]t vindicates, to this extent,
the dignity and power of Congress over these
questions, but at the same time it is obnoxious to
serious objections, some of which are embraced
in the President's plan. One of the most prom-
inent is that it carries out a feature in the Piesi-
dent's plan which enables one tenth of the citi-
zens to make constitutions and laws for the gov-
ernment of the other nine tenths.
ThQ President would have crcated a sort of
order of nobility, the patent whereof he proposed
to bestow, not for eminent service to the State or
upon the field, or for valuable discoveries, which
is usual in Governments where these orders are
created, but on account of their sycophancy, in
taking an oath to support and maintain the Pres-
ident's proclamations as coming within his pre-
rogative and power. This bill proposes to confer
the same dignity upon one tenth, but for a dif-
ferent reason; but it is no less objectionable in
principle.
This bill is based upon the idea that these are
yet States in the Union with the State govern-
ments usurped or overthrown. What then is ne-
cessary to be done to restore rightful rule within
their limits? They have the same constitutions
and the same laws they had before the rebellion;
they have not been abrogated nor changed; no at-
tempt has been made to change them in any very
important particular except in the change of the
form of oath which officers of State should take
when they are required to take an oath lo sup-
port the constitution of the confederacy instead
of the oath to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Their constitutions in this respect aie
not really changed. Having no power to sccede,
not being out of the Union, the change m this re-
gard is void and has no effect; so with whatever
legislation has been had in contravention of the
Constitution of the United States, it being the su-
preme law of the land operating there as elsewhere.
What, then, is needed? Not constitution and
laws; they have them already. But their offices,
executive, ministerial, judicial, and legislative,
have been usurped and their functions performed
by men who refused to acknowledge their obli-
gations to the Federal Government, and who have
been sustained in this refusal by military force.
What isneeded, then, is new incumbents in these
offices, men who will acknowledge the authority
of the Federal Government and pay respect and
obedience to its laws. They require a reform in
the administration of their State governments al-
ready existing. When this reform is wrought,
all conflict between the Federal Government and
the State governments will cease.
When can this reform be wrought? I answer
in the language of this bill:
" It can and will be wrought as soon as military resist-
ance to tlic Government of the United States is suppressed,
and tlie people thereof shall have sufficiently leturned to
their allegiance to the Constitution and iavvs of the United
States."
It is just at this point that this bill proposes to
inaugurate new constitutions and laws; and just
at this point I submit that this bill will not be
needed, for when the military power shall have
been suppressed and the people shall return to
their allegiance,'xhey will see to it that their offices,
executive, judicial, ministerial, and legislative,
are filled "by men who will respect the authority
of the United States. These States do not, nor
will they, occupy toward the Geneial Govern-
ment the relation of Territories. Nor do they
occupy the relation to the Government that this
District does. Hence no authority can be found
to authorize this legislation in those provisions of
the Constitution relating to Territories or the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Nor will they occupy the re-
lation to the Government that conquered prov-
inces occupy to the Government making the con-
quest. Usually the laws of the conquered arc so
different, so antagonistic to the laws of the con-
queror as to require radical change to adapt them
to their new relation. But such is not the case in
these States. Their constitutions and their laws
are such as have always been rccognized by the
Federal Government as republican in form and
consonant with the principles of our Constitu-
tion. Hence the power to enforce upon these
people the provisions of this bill must lie found
m some other provision of that instrument. The
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] contends
that he discovers the power in section four, arti-
cle four, of the Constitution, which reads as fol-
lows:
'• I'ko United Stales shall guaranty to eve-ty State in the
Union a republican form of government
That provision cannot apply to States already
having constitutions and laws republican in form.
The interpretation which he gives the clause is
not sustained either by the language itself or by
the opinions or acts of those who incorporated it
into the Constitution, who of all men are sup-
posed to know best what it did mean.
The character of a Government, whether re-
publican or otherwise, is determined by its con-
stitution and laws. Now, if these State consti-
tutions and laws are republican in form, within
the meaning of the Constitution, there can be no
necessity for instituting new constitutions by
action of Congress, as proposed in this bill. The
lepublican character of these State governments
has been passed upon by Congress, some of them
when Congress was under the contiol of the very
men who made the Constitution.
Again, I think the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Davis] is mistaken when he supposes the
Constitution, in requiring Congress to guaranty
to every State in the Union a republican form of
government, meant to impose upon Congress the
duty of instituting State governments for the
States, fixing provisions in their State constitu-
tions prescribing the qualifications of voters, and
fixing eligibility of the citizen for office, as in
this bill. All that was intended was that Con-
gress should see that the States enjoyed repub-
lican forms of government. We cannot reason-
ably infer from the language itself that anything
further was intended.
Now, one who guaranties the performance of
a contract is not the one who undertakes to per-
form its stipulations, but one who agrees to see
them performed, and to be answerable for their
performance. So when Congress is required to
