1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GUOBI.
guaranty republican forms of government to the
States, it only requires that Congress shall see
that the States enjoy such a form of government,
and protect them in its enjoyment.
If the gentleman's interpretation be correct,
Congress, from the adoption of the Constitution
till now, has beeft remiss in its duty toward some
of these States and toward other States in the
Union in neglecting to institute new forms of gov-
ernment for them. It has been the practice of
the Government, as gentlemen well know, to let
the States adopt such.constitutions as in their
judgment would best promote their own interest,
and then protect the States in the enjoyment of
their State governments. And this, I take k, is
the extent of the obligation as well as the extent
of the power.
But this bill proposes to ignore the existence
of State constitutions and State laws,"and to in-
stitute new State; governments without inquiring
whether the provisions and laws dictated by Con-
gress are acceptable to the people or not who are
to be affected by them, and in this it is anti-re-
publican and in violation of the very provision of
the Constitution under which it seeks to main-
tain it. That Government only is republican
where the people are directly, or through their
chosen representatives, consult^ as to the laws
by which they are to be governed. And this bill,
by dictating what shall be and what shall not be in
their constitutions and laws, is in conflict with the
principles of republican government. It not only
undertakes to direct what shall be in their consti-
tutions on certain subjects in the seventh spction
of the bill, but it determines also who shall and
who shall not enjoy the elective franchise and be
eligible to office. This power not having been
conferred by the Constitution upon Congress, be-
longs exclusively to the State. If any one con-
troverts this position, I would refer him to the
first article, second section, of the Constitution,
where, in providing for the election of Represent-
atives to Congress, wc read that " the electors in
the several States shall have the qualifications re-
quisite for doctors to the most numerous branch
of the State Legislature,"leaving the conclusion
irresistible that it is to the State belongs thepower
of determining this question.
The bill is obnoxious to the further objection
that it gives to the President of the United States
the power, through his military governors and his
provost marshals, to mold the Constitution and
laws to suit himself on questions where Congress
does not intervene, and between what power Con-
gress exercises, and what the President, through
his military, would exercise, the people would
have none left. These questions should be left
to the people as they are left m otherSiates, with-
out the intervention of Congress or the Executive.
It is true that only those who have held office
and borne arms under the confederate or usurped
authorities are excluded from voting or holding
office, but Congress cannot undertake to make
even that part of their constitution for them with-
out exceeding its authority and destroying that
equality of right which should exist in the several
States of the Union. Now, the fact may bp, and
I am pretty sure that it is, that very many who
have borne arms in the confederate service, and
have in this way resisted the authority of the
United States, in their hearts have loved the old
Union and the old flag, but from seeming cir-
cumstances have felt compelled to enter the rebel
service; others, and doubtless many of them, be-
lieved with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] that their States were actually
out of the Union, that they were foreign States,
and that their obedience and their allegiance were
due to another government, and thus believing
took up arms and perhaps took office under
what they understood to be, for the time being,
their government, but who would rejoice to be
again back in the old Union, and yield obedience
to its laws and its authority; and yet, under this
bill, while you would exact of such all the duties
and obligations of the citizen, you would deptive
him of its highest and most exalted privileges.
I confess, sir, that in my view it is a very grave
offense to resist, by force .of arms, the authority
of the Government. But is it such an offense as
requires Congress, in violation of constitutional
right, to step in and take away from the offender
the elective franchise? If so, I fear that some,
who, in the modern acceptation of the term, are
extremely loyal, would suffer from such a law.
Some in Massachusetts, in Ohio, and in my own
State have been guilty, in times past, of resisting
the authorities of the United States in enforcing
the fugitive slave law,
I shouLd, oppose congressional intervention
against them as I oppose it in this bill. I hope aU
such men have repented of that sin, and I believe
the people of the South will repent, and I am for
leaving to those who have sufficiently retuVfled to
their allegiance to the Government of the United
States to determine who shall and who shall not
enjoy the elective .franchise. If the people are
not capable of making constitutions and laws for
themselves,then our form of free government ifc
a failure, and let us say so, and take the neces-
sary steps to change it. But do not, under the
forms of a republic and under the Constitution
of a republic, play the dictator. Let us not,
under the pretext of giving to the? States a repub-
lican government, force upon them one in which
the mam features of a republic are swallowed up
in congressional dictation.
Again, this bill requires that the constitution
which the State shall adopt shall contain a pro-
vision "that no debt, State or confederate, cre-
ated by or under the sanction of the usurping
power shall be recognized or paid by the State."
That is also a question that ought to be left to
the State to determine. There were many men
in those States when the rebellion first broke out
who had their property taken by the usurping
State authorities under a promise to pay for it,
men who were then and are yet true to the Union,
but who were left without any protection from
the Federal Government, who were left to the
mercy of the usurping power; and for Congress
to compel the State to repudiate such an obliga-
tion and leave one whom the Government did not
and could not protect to beggary and want would,
in my judgment, be to commit an injustice for
which theie can be no excuse. Let the State, in
the exercise of a wise discretion, determine what
ought to be paid and what ought to be rejected.
The burden of such payments will fall upon the
people of the States if they see fit to assume them.
Let us not in a mere wanton exercise of power
do that which will appear unjust in the eyes of
the world. We can trust them on that question
if we can trust them with the management of a
State government.
But there is in this same section seven another
provision by which Congress assumes to exer-
cise a power which does not belong to it. I al-
lude to the second provision ofthatsection, which
requires these States to incorporate into their
constitutions aclause prohibiting involuntary ser-
vitude. There are three provisions in this sec-
tion that Congress declares shall be in theirStste
constitutions; provisions over which the people
of the State to be affected by them are to have no
control; questions reserved to the States by the
Constitution; questions which Congiess cannot
determine for them without exceeding its author-
ity, and without violating the principles of repub-
lican government.
The twelfth and thirteenth sections of this bill
also contain provisions not within the power of
Congress. The twelfth section abolishes slavery,
in these States as far as an act of Congress can
abolish it. it not only abolishes it, but it takes
away from the courts, as far as an act of Congress
can take away, the power of passing upon the
right of Congress to abolish it. It declares that
if any one declared free by this act shall be held
under pretense of claim to service or labor, the
courts, upon habeas corpus, shall discharge such
a one.
The thirteenth section attempts to give legal
effect to the President's proclamation by prescrib-
ing the punishment of those who shall attempt
to lestrain the liberty of any one declared free by
that proclamation.
In these two sections as well as in section seven
the advocates of this bill " overleap" all consti-
tutional barriers and press on to the accomplish-
ment of their purposes, m contempt of the rights
of the States and of the people, sowing broad-
cast, as they go, the seeds of distrust and revo-
lution, fulfilling the prediction that when they
obtained the power they would trample under foot
and dishonor the Constitution. If this House shall
have determined to pass this bill, I have no reason
to suppose that anything I could say would be
heard"; since to its fidvocatesfthe' freedom'of:what
slaves are left is of mote rrt'6ment*thah the Con-
stitution, which secures the civil liberty ofour own
race." 1 " '
It is said that slavery is' dead; then' "let the
dead bury its dead;" but let Us address ourselves
to-the work of saving the constitutional liberty
of the living; let us direct ourenergi'eS to a Res-
toration "of order and peace, taking such measured
as "will allay the ill-blood'rath'er than 'stir up ad-
ditional subjects of strife between the sections.
But gentlemen say we must bury slavery otf^ojf
our sight. If the people desire it buried let it foe
dorie, but-let Us funeral be conducted according
to4 the covenants of the Constitution.' In o\ir
haste to get it out of our sight let -us not trample
upon rights secured by that covenant. Let us
not break^the faith pledged by the fathers. Let
us riot forget that by a faithful and strict compli-
ance Vith our obligations in giving to each Slate
and eaclv individual that which" belongs to them1,
under the • Constitution, we vindicate the law
and increase our own security, and that by vio-
lating its provisions we ourselves become rev-
olutionists-. That when the restraints which that
instrument places upon our actio/) are thrown off,
the people arfe left to the'mercy of those who, ft^r
the hour, may occupy the high places of trust,'and
that liberty, property, life, all, all becdme insecure;
for can we expect the people to reverence a Con-
stitution which rulfers viomte at will, or resgcet
the law which rulers trejjl with contempt? The
disregard of constitutions and laws has already
drenched • our country in fraternal blood, and
brought bankruptcy to our doors, and sorrow to
our hearts. Shall we, in this our day of trouble,
feed the spirit of revolution, by cutting loose, the
Government from us constitutional moorings to
drift out upon the wave, to become the sport of
the demon of discord; or shall wej like men who
appreciate the blessings of constitutional Gov-
ernment and of peace, order, and civil liberty,
show our devotion to them by adhering to the
Constitution, which can alone sccure them?
Let us not, in our effort to destroy slavery if
it be alive or to bury it if it be dead, destroy the
fundamental law of our Government, and leave
our own race a prey to anarchy or despotism.
If slavery must needs be buried, let its burial be
conducted without revolution or fraud, that the
public authority may not be brought into con-
tempt. If it be thus buried I-will not be found a
mourner in its funeral train, for living I had no
love for it and dead I will have no tear to drop
upon its grave. Some one suggested that when
slavery was buried upon its tombstone should be
written, "Slavery—diedoftherebellion." 1 warn
gentlemen to beware, lest beside the grave of sla-
very be found another grave and another tomb-
stone, whereon history will write, " Civil liberty
—^tlied of revolution."
Mr. SM1THERS. Mr. Speaker, it was not my
purpose originally to have offered any suggestions
in support of the bill now before the House; but
the magnitude of the interests involved, and my
connection with thecommittee from which it ema-
nated, render it perhaps necessary, certainly ap-
propriate, that i should devote a brief time to tne
explanation of its provisions and an enforcement
of the principles upon which it is founded.
In performing this duty I will avoid all sugges-
tions of a partisan character. I approach the
subject desiring only to fulfill a constitutional
obligation and to afford an adequate measure of
relief to citizens who by the destruction of civil
government suffer the evils of anarchy, or the
scarcely less intolerable burdens of merely mil-
itary rule.
The necessity ofspeedy and definite action upon
this question seems apparent. Already, Repre-
sentatives from States whose people have been in
rebellion are knocking at our doors for admis-
sion. Already by the proclamation of the Presi-
dent and the consequent pronunciahiientos of mil-
itary commanders, the people are invited to erect
civil establishments; and. unless we define the
terms upon which these governments will be rec-
ognized and the admission of Representatives in-
sured, questions now sufficiently vexing will be
rendered more difficult of solution.
To avoid these complications and authorita-
tively to announce a fixed and uniform rule for
the observance of those who desire to reestablish
republican forms of government in lieu of those
