1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Kernan,
Loan, Longyear, McClurg, Samuel F. Mtllei, Moorhead,
Darnel Moms, Morrison, Amos Myers. Norton, Odell, Per-
ham. Pike, Price, William H. Randall, John H. Rice, Ed-
ward II. Rollins, JamesS. Rollins, Ross, Scofield, Spalriins,
Stebbins, Sweat, Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Wadsworth,
Etihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn. Webner,
Williams, Wilson, Wmdom, and Fernando Wood—73.
So the amendment was concurred in.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BAXTER stated that Mr. Blaine, with
whom he was paired, would have voted for it and
he would have voted against it.
, Mr. BOYD stated that although he had received
petitions from St. Louis and Jefferson City in
favor of the Senate amendment, he would follow
his own conscience, judgment, and reflection, and
vote (S no."
Mr. KASSON stated that if he i&d not been
paired off with Mr. Morrill he would have voted
" no."
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to concur in the amendment of the Senate for a
slidingscale tax on liquors—the third amendment.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to reconsider the vote
last taken; and move to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on the motion of the gentleman from Illinois to
reconsider the vote by which the third amend-
ment of the Senate was non-concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois that he allow the vote on that motion
to go over until we have disposed of the other
Senate amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I see no
reason why the vote may not as well be taken
now as at any time; and I therefore call for it now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The House divided on the latter motion; and
there were—ay us 45, noes 81.
Mr. ANCONA called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House there-
upon (at twenty minutes past five o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned until to-morrowat twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 17, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented the memorial of
Charles F. Anderson respecting the cause of the
bad ventilation of the Senate Chamber, and sug-
gesting a mode of remedying the alleged defects;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grouuds.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying that a pension be granted
to Margaret M. Stafford, widow of Reuben Staf-
ford, who was killed while assisting the provost
marshal at New Bedford, Coshocton county, in
that State, in arresting deserters; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented three petitions of citizens of
Cincinnati, Ohio, praying for the sale of the min-
eial lands of the Rocky mountain country, and
that aid may be granted for the construction of
the Northern and Central Pacific railroads; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
Francis, Robert P., and Allen Dodge, trustees of
Charles Dodge and Sylvanus Mott, of New York,
praying for compensation for the schooner Fair-
fax, taken to shield the United States steamer
Resolute, and which was destroyed while being
so used; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Laura M. Newcomb, of Providence, Rhode Isl-
and, widow of the late Commander HenryS.
Newcomb, United States Navy, praying for a
pension;^which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to present the pe-
tition of Daniel Parker and others, volunteers in
the first regiment Illinois cavalry, asking pay for
horses lost at the time of the capture of our forces
at Lexington, in the State of Missouri. These
petitioners set forth that they furnished their own
horses, and that without any fault of theirs, by
the casualties of war, their horses were captured
at the surrender of Lexington, while they were
under Colonel Mulligan, and they have not been
able to obtain pay for them. They have pre-
sented their claims to the proper Department of
the Government, and they have been answered
that they could not be paid without further legis-
lation. I trust that the petition will receive the
favorable consideration of the committee to which
I move to refer it—the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a petition signed in
behalf of the Synod of the Reformed Presbyterian
Church of the United States by a committee, in
which they ask Congress to amend the Constitu-
tion of the United States so that it shall contain a
distinct recognition of the authority of God, of
Christ as the Governoramong nations, and of the
Scriptures as the supreme law of the land; also
to remove from the Constitution all pro-slavery
concessions and compromises, and introduce in
their place a section declaung that henceforth
there snail be neither slavery nor involuntary ser-
vitude except for crime in unj* State or Territory
of the United States. I also offer a memorial of
a similar chaiacter from a mass convention of
Christian people, without distinction of sect or
denomination, which was held at Allegheny City,
Pennsylvania, on the 27th and 28th of January
last. 1 ask their reference to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The memorials were so referred.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report, of the Secretary of
Slate, with accompanying papers, relative to the
claim on this Government of the owners of the
French ship La Manche, and recommending an
appropriation for the satisfaction of the claim pur-
suant to the award of the arbitrators; which, on
motion of Mr. Sumner, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
PRINTING OF BILLS.
On motion of Mr, JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the bill (8. No. 8?) regulating proceedings
in criminal ca^es and lor other purposes; and the bill (S.
No. 89) in i elation to piocfJ<'diiiLr> the courts of the Untied
State, now before the Committee on tiie Judiciary, be
punted.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr JOHNSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion (H. It. No. 18) to amend a joint resolution
explanatory of " An act to suppress insurrection,
to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and con-
fiscate the propeity of rebels, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 17, 1862, repoited that it
ought not to pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 46) to remove doubts on
the construction of the joint resolution explana-
tory of " An act to suppress insurrection, to pun-
ish treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate
the property of rebels, and for other purposes,"
approved July 17,1862, reported that it ought not
to pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whonfcwas
referred a resolution directing them to consider
the propriety of repealing the joint resolution of
July 17,1862, explanatory ofthe confiscation act,
particularly in regard to the forfeiture of real es-
tate beyond the life of the offender, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agieed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print the
memorial of the Chamber of Commeice of the
city of Milwaukee,Wisconsin, recommending the
construction of a ship canal around the Falls of
Niagara on the American side, have instructed
me to ask to be discharged from its further con-
sideration in accordance with their universal rule
not to print memorials.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HALE, The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the petition of Moses Kelly,
administrator of Major W.W. Russell, decease^
late paymasterin the United States marine corps,
praying for certain allowances in the settlement
of Major Russell's accounts, have instructed use
to report it back, andask to be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition. They think
it is not a matter that comes within their juris-
diction ; and I further move that the petitioner have
leave to withdraw his papers, so that he can setr&
them elsewhere.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee* on TTerrifeo-
ries, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 96) to
enable the people of Nevada to form a constitu-
tion and State government, and for the admissioft
of such State into the Union on an equal footing
with the original States, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 97) to enable the peo-
ple of Colorado to form a constitution and State
government, and for the admission of such^tate
into the Union on an equal footingwith the ori-
ginal States, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
117) to provide for the consolidation of certain
surveyor generals' districts, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
21) granting land to the State of Kansas to indem-
nify her citizens for losses, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject.
The Y1CE PRESIDENT. The question is on
discharging the committee.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to have
time to consider that question. That is a bill in
which my constituents are very deeply interested.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go upon the
Calendar if the Senator desires it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to oppose the
report of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go upon the
Calendar.
NOAII WISWALL.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Public Lan&ft,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 145)
for the relief of the heirs of Noah Wiswall, direct
mo to report it back with a recommendation that
it pass. The claim is a small one, and in the unan-
imous judgment of the Committee on Public Lands
a very just one, and the committee therefore di-
rects me to ask the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate for its consideration now.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. Its object is to
direct the proper accounting officers to audit an
account between the United States and the legal
representatives of Noah Wiswall, assignee of
Daniel Chilson, for the amount of purchase money
paid by Chilson on the 13th of July, 1835, by his
agent, Amariah Watson, to J. W. Stevenson, re-
ceiver of public moneys at Galena, Illinois, per
receipt No. 1282, for eigiity acres of the west
half of the southwest quai ter of section No. 15, in
township No. 16 north, of range No. 8 east, of
the fourth principal meridian, at the rate of$l 25
peracre; and the Secretary ofthe Treasury is to
pay the amount, upon such adjustment, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
GENERAL M'CLELLAN'S REPOKT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom#was referred the res-
olution to print additional copies of General Mc-
Clellan's report without the accompanying maps
and documents, to report the same back to the
Senate with an amendment, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass. The amendment reduces the
number from ten thousand to five thousand. Five
thousand have already been ordered to be printed.
I am also instructed to ask for its present consid-
eration.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
The amendment of the committee was to strike
out44 ten thousand "and insert "fivethousand;"
so that it will read: •
Resolved, That five thousand Additional copies of the
