6^4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
McClellan report, without the accompanying maps and
documents, be panted foi the use of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution,. as amended, was adopted.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT EEF011T.
-* -Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution ;/vvhich was referred to the Committee on
-Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Inte-
rioi Department, five hundred copies of the report of the
Chief engineer of the Washington aqueduct.
CENSUS STATISTICS.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion, accompanied by a written statement; which
was ordered to lie on the tabic, and be printed:
. Resolved, That the Superintendent of the Census he re-
quired to prepare for the Senate statistical tables express-
ing in lull the population of the United Slates, classing
according to the hydrogrnphic divisions of North America,
as arranged in the accompanying aitielo A!«o, the rela-
tive industrial occupations of the population in each hy~
drogjtplitc subdivision, distinguishing thermal troin the
town populations. Ai.->o, the agnouituial, mutiufaetuiing,
and commercial statistics of cadi, expressed in aggregate
totals, specifying the population of each county or part of
county, city, &c.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROYasked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
121) donating public lands lo the several States
for the support and education of the orphan chil-
dren of soldiers and sailois who dm in the mili-
tary and naval service of the United States; which
was read twice by its title, leforred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, arid oidored to be printed.
Mr. HARDING asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
122) for the relief of Mary A. Baker, widow of
Brigadier General Edward D. Baker; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 123)
to abolish slavery throughout all the States and
Territories of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, lcferred to the select committee
onslaveiy and freed men, and ordered to be printed.
4$Vlr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and.by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to intioduce a bill
(S. No. 124) to amend the act entitled "An act
for a yrant of lands to the State of Kansas in al-
ternate sections, to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railroads and telegraphs in said State," ap-
proved Mareh 3, 18G3; which was lead uviee by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and oulered to be printed.
AUOMTION OF BUAVL3UY.
_ Mr, TRUMBULL. I move to take up the
joint icsohitmu (S. No. 16) with a view to make
it the special order fur a future day.
The motion was ngioed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL! \ will state to the Semite
that this is the joint resolution introduced at an
early day of tin* session by the Senator from Mis-
sou 1 I, [Mr. 11 KNiwusoN',] and to which the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have proposed an amend-
ment, to amend the Constitution of the United
States so a« to piohibit slavery throughout ihe
United States, and in all places within its jmis-
diction. I move that the resolution be made tin;
special order for Monday next at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to by a two-thirds vote.
Mr. RUMN Kit subsequently said: 1 ask the
consent of the Senate to offer an amendment,
which J propose to move on Monday next to the
joint resolution to amend the Constitution which
was made the order of the day for that day at one
o'clock, and I desire to have it printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be received and the ouh r to print will be
made, if theie be no objection.
ALiJKilT BJUMWN.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate now take up
for consideration a bill that has been before them
two or three times for the relief of Albert Brown.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 92) for the relief of Al-
bert J3ro\vn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
theChairis that the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] is entitled to the floor on this bill; he was i
addressing the Chair when it went over before, j
Mr. HOWE. I had concluded what I had to
say.
• The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on the motion of the Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Foster] to send the bill
and accompanying papers to the Court of Claims.
Mr. SAULSBURY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I would not say a word on this
subject, but as 1 know the whole case I feel ex-
ceedingly unwilling that it should take the course
proposed, for this reason: I think that no one who
will examine the facts in the case can have the
slightest doubt that the Government of this coun-
try owe this man honestly every dollar that the
Committee on Claims have reported, just as clear-
ly, as the Senator from Wisconsin said, as if they
had given their bond to pay it.
This man 1 know. He is a constituent of mine,
a highly respectable mechanic; and the inspector
that was agreed upon by the parties to inspect
these wagons in the course of their construction,
and when they were done, is one of the most re-
spectable men in my State. lie was originally a
mechanic, perfectly conversant with the business,
and a man against whose reputation 1 never heard
the breath of suspicion uttered. He has been a
member of our Legislature in both its branches,
and is a man as m#ch respected as any man in the
State. He was agreed upon by the quartermas-
ter's department to inspect the work while it was
in progress. He did inspect it. He was the man
agreed upon by the parties, and the work ttas
made out to his acceptance.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to say to the Senator
that the claimant here had nothing to do with the
appointment of this man. It was agreed that the
Government might appoint the inspector, and the
Government did appoint him.
Mr. HALE. That makes the case stronger.
It was agreed that the Government should ap-
point an inspector, and they appointed Mr. Pat-
ten, as respectable a man as is to bo found in the
State of New Hampshire or any other State of
the Union; a man whose character for fairness
and in tegi lty e> u mm peached and unimpeachable.
He lived in the neighborhood; he inspected the
wagons in the course of their construction, and
inspected them after they were done; and they
were delivered to the Government to all intents
and purposes according to the terms of the con-
tract; and the Government took them and trans-
posed them to Perryville, in Maryland, some
fourorfive hundred milesawny from Mr, Biown's
residence. When they got theie, another inspector
then overhauled them, and reported that they
were not fit, when he did not know anything
about what Brown had contracted to do. He was
not authorized to inspect them, and had not the
contian before him.
There was tins man who had made these wag-
ons honestly, in exact accordance with the pro-
visions of his contract, and they were accepted
hy the Govermnentand transported four hundred
miles away from his woi It shop, and then the Gov-
ernment undei took to i hro w them on to hi * hands.
It seems to me that a cleat er ense never con Id be
pro«ent°d to the justice, if not the equity, of the
Government; and ifth'sbeso, why should he be
sent to the Com t of Claims> Why should he not
have this money? f do not want to occupy the
time of the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I behove the motion is to refer
this mattei to the Court of Claims. I desire that
tli&Senate wid give me their attention for a few
momenta \\ bile I attempt to show, as I think 1 can
show, that it should not so to the Com t of Claims.
This man Brown is not n person who soughta
contract from the Go;eminent, hut the Govern-
ment sought him. When this rebellion broke
out, and about the 1st of July, 18G1, the Govern-
ment needed wagons. They sent an assistant
quartermaster into my State to some experienced
wagon-buildei sat Concord, New Hampshire, men
of a good deal of reputation, to procure the build-
ing of certain wagons; the Government needed a
hundred wagons in sixty days. The parties to
whom the quartermaster applied said that they
could not build these wagons, they were so em-
ployed,but they recommended the quartermas-
ter to this man Brown, who was then a member of
our Legislature. The quartermaster thereupon
went to the Legislature and called out Mr. Brown,
told him what the Government needed, that they
needed very much to have one hundred wagons in
sixty days. Mr. Brown said to the quartermaster
that he did not believe he could build the wagons
unless the Government would give him more
time. The Government were urgentfor the wag-
ons, and thequartermasterpersuaded Mr. Brown
to bid for the wagons at some rate. Pie did bid
for the wagons at a price of §141 apiece, which
was a reasonable price, but on condition that the
Government would give him more time. The
quartermaster insisted that he must have the
wagons within sixty days, and he requested Mr.
Brown to go hoifie to Kingston, where he lived,
look over the stock he had on hand, examine and
confer with his workmen, and see if he could not
do it within the sixty days, and then meet the
quartermaster at Portland, where he was going.
Mr. Brown assented. He went home and
looked over his lum,ber; he looked over his stock
on hand; he called his workmen together, and
told them what the Government Wanted, and said
to them, " Now, can we build these wagons for the
Government in the time, forty of them in thirty
and the rest in sixty days?" The men said they
would take hold for the Government. Mr. Brown
thereupon went to Portland, saw the quartermas-
ter, and told him that he would undertake to build
these wagons for the Government in sixty days
if they would give him an inspector to inspect
the work as it went along. Thereupon they con-
cluded the contract. The Government agreed to
give him an inspector, and gave him an inspector
who was a wagon-maker himself, who had been
a mechanic, but by intelligence and skill worked
himself up to bo a lawyer, and had been a mem-
ber of both branches of our Legislature, a man
of unimpeachable integrity.
Mr. 4jrown went along with all the force he
could command, and in the sixty days he turned
out his wagons and he had them inspected. I-Iis
contract was that when the railroad company
gave him a receipt for the wagons that should be
a complete delivery. He delivered his wagons
accoidmg to the order of the Government and
tool: his railroad receipt. What has been the re-
sult? Up to this time—muie than two years—he
has not got a farthing of pay, and you now pro-
pose to send him to the Court of Claims, where
lie must wait a year longer. His interest on this
claim already amounts to $2,100, and yet you will
not give him a farthing for it.
When these wagons got to Perryville, the Gov-
ernment put an inspector upon them to inspect
them over again. 1 do not know that Sawtelle
was ever appointed inspector, though he under-
took to inspect the wagons. lie inspected the
wagons and made report. Upon seeing that re-
port, Mr. Brown was entirely satisfied thatitwas
wiong, and he said to him it was wrong, and told
him it he would go and see the wagons with him
he would show him it was wrong. In that first
report Sawtelle reported that the covering of the
wagons, the canvas, was entirely too small and
would not go on, and could not be used. Mr.
Brown went and showed him the wagons and
told him he had not pulled the bows down into
their places, but if he would pull the bows down
and put the covering on, he would see that it was
all right. He thereupon did it, and then Sawtelle
repoited that the wagons were good for nothing
except the covering, and that wan very good.
A Senator. Who is Sawtelle?
Mi. CLAltK. Sawtelle is a quartermaster in
the Army; I think he ranks as acaptain ormajor.
I find no fan!I with Mr. Sawtelle; I only desne
to do justice to this man; but I want to say further
that when the last inspection was going on, Mr.
Sawtelle complained thsit the wagons weie made
of unsound wood. "Why," said Mr. Brown,
'■ you cannot tell that; they have all been painted;
but I will tell you what I will do: you may take
a chisel and chisel out of any place here where it
is unsound, and if it is unsound 1 will lose the
wagon." "Agreed," said Mr. Sawtelle. TJiey
took the chisel and chiseled itoutjMid here is
the piece of wood which Mr. Sawtelle said was
unsound—[exhibiting a round piece of wood]—
as hard as a brick.
Mr. JOHNSON. That made it unsound.
[Laughter.]
Mi. CLARK. That made it unsoun#undoubt-
edly, when they chiseled it.
Mi. JOHNSON. Too hard. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLAiUv, Too hard a case for Brown, a
