2716
TfiJE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 66, nays 60; as-follows:
' YEAS—Mest-rs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona, Ashley,
John D. Baldwin, Jicarn'm. Blow, Broomnll, Ambrose W.
.Clark, Cobb. Oole, Henry'Winter Davis, Thomns^T. Da-
vis, Donnelly, Drigjs, Eekley, Eliot, Farnsworth, J?e)ttoii,
Garileld, Gooch, Grinnell, Higliy, Hooper, Hotelikiss,
Asraliel W. Hnbbard, John H: Hubbard, Hulburd, Tngeisoll,
JPenckes, Kelley, Francis W. Kelloc?, T.fttlejuhn, han't-
*ear, Marvin, Mclndoe, Samuel. P. Milter, Moorlieaj,
Morrill, Darnel Moras, Amos Myers, diaries O'Neill, Ort|i,
Pertain, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander IT. Rice, John II.
Rice, Edward H. Rolling, Rehenek, Shannon, Sloan,
Bmithers, Spaldiitr, Stevens, Thayer, Tracy, Van Valken-
.bufllfc, Elibn B. Wasljijume, WiUiara B. Washburn, Wil-
liams, Wilder, Wilson, Windoni, and Woodbiidge—6G.'
KAYS --Messrs. James O. Allen, Anderson, Bally,
Blaine, Bliss, Brooks, Janiae S. Brown, Clianler, Colfroth,
Cox; Cravens, Dawson, Denison, Eden, Edgertnn, Ekl-
ridge, Finck, (Sanson, Griiler, Gjiswold, Hall, Harding,
Harrington, HecucS, ilolraan, Hutelifns, William Johnson,
Ki'.lbfleisch, ICcrnan, Knapp, I,e Blond, Long, Mallory,
Marey, MfcAUister, McDowell, James R. Moriis, Morrison,
Noble, OdaH, Pendleton, Peiry, Prnyn, Robinson, Ross,
Smith, John IS. Steele, titiles, Strouse, Sweat, Thomas,
Wadsworth, Ward, Webster, Wheeler,Chilton A, White,
Joseph W. White, Wmfield, Fernando Wood,, and Yea-
man—BO. ;
So the whole subject was laid upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the subjcct was laid
upon the table; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider bo laid upon the table.
Mr. DAWSON demanded the yeas and nays
upon the latter motion.
The yeas.and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeaa 02, nays 61; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold. Abhli'v,
John I>. Baldwin, Blow, Hrooraail, Ambiose W, Clatk,
Cobb, Cole, Thomas T. Davis, Donnelly, Dilggs, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Fcnlon, Conch, GrinneU, Hisby, Hooper.
Uotohkiss, Asaliel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Ilul-
buril, Ingcrsoll, Jenrkes, Julian, KoIIey, Fiancis W. Kel-
logg, Orlando Kellogs;, Liulejohn, Longyear, Marvin, Wt-
Indoe, Samuel P. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Mora.',
Amos Myers, Charles O'Neill, Orth, I'eih.nu, I'omerov,
Price, Alexander H. Rice, John H. lliee,Udwaid 11. ltollin
Scheuelt, Shannon, Sloan, Snilthers, SpaliUnu. Stevens,
Thayer, Tracy, Van Valkenbnrgh, Rliliu li. Washhurne,
William ti. Washburn, Williams, Windom, and Wood
bridge—63.
MAY'S —Messrs. James C. Allen, Aneona, Andeison,
Baily, Blame, llliss, Brook*, James S. Brown, Uhaniei,
Collioth, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Denison, Men, Edjier-
ton, Eldridge, Finek, Hanson, Grlder, Gnswold, Ilale,
Hall, Harding, Harrington, llerrick, Ilolinan, Hulcliins,
Willtain Johnson, Kalbfleiach, ICcrnau, Knapp, Law, Lc
Blond, bong,Mallory, Marey,McAllister, Meliowell, Mor-
rison, Noble, Odell, Pendleton, Pruyn, William II. Ran-
dall, Uolimson, Uoss, Smith, John B. Steele, Stiles, Sliouse,
Sweat, Thomas, Wadswoith, Ward, Webster, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, Joseph W. While, Winfiekl, and Fer-
nando Wood—01.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
tafcle.
During the vote,
Mr. ALLISON stated that his colleague, Mr.
ICas son, was detained from the House by illness.
The vote whs then, announced i\h above re-
corded.
INSPECTORS OF STICAMBOATS.
. Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from a com-
mittee of conference, made the following report:
The committor of tMUsfHrciif^ on the disagreeing votoa
of tljf two Houses on the amendments of tl)«- tenure to uio
bill (fl. R. No. 116) U) eieato an additional supemshu: in-
spector of steamboat* mid two loe.tl iiijpt'cioK*. of .-tr.im-
lioatsforthe collection district of Memphis, Temie—ee, ami
two local injectors for the collvction ili^ti let of Oie^'on, and
loi other ptnpo.*os, Imvhjjj met, .U'rcr full anil life coiiKn-
enceliavi: agicrd to n-foinmcnduiiddoleeomiu.'od tu tjjcn
rcspcftivr Mouses as follow.^:
That the Britain rccrdi' from their fiist amendment.
That thy House recede from their <1 t? ;x«zrt;ciijcut to tin*
second amciidnitiitof tho donate and usk'o to tin: sauu-
OlIAXMLKIL
J. XV.
Managers on thepmi of the Senate.
E. II. VVASUiHJKNn,
THOMAS I). ELfOT,
W. A. ElUTCIJINrf,
Maria^crs on the pent, 0/ {he Ifoitse.
Mr, PENTON. Will tliogeiulomon from Illi-
nois explain the effect of the report?
Mr. WASHBUHNE, of Illinois. The com-
miuecrccommeud tliut the Senate recede from their
first amtMidment which struck out that provision
of the Ifoui?c bill abolishing the board of inspec-
tion at Wheeling. The committee also recom-
mend that the House recede from their disagree-
ment to the Senate amendment in relation to
bringing the inspectors of hulls of the smaller
class of steamboats under the steamboat law, and
agree to the same. '
I demand the previous question upon agreeing
to the report.
, The previous question was sec.onded> and the.
main question ordered to be pot; and under the
operation thereof the report was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBXJI^NE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by'which the report was agreed
to;,knd also moved'to \<xy the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIVIL EXPENSES' OF THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committed of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 18G5, and for other pur-
poses*, which wps read a first and second time by
its title.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the bi!l#>e read,
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to have the bill
printed, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mt\ HOLMAN. To avoid the necessity of
reading this bill now, I suggest that the points of
order which may be raised to this bill may be
made in Committee of the Whole the same as if the
bill wore read and the points of order raised now.
Mr. STEVENS. Will not the bill be opened
to points of oider when it comen up for consid-
eration ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Not if it is now referred to
a Committee of the Whole. I wish to have it,
by general consent, opened to points of order the
same as if it wms now read in the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not understand how
that can be done.
The SPEALvER. It would require unanimous
conscnt to reserve the point of older.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I objeGt. I
insist upon the bill being read, it contains pro-
visions not in aeeordanec with law, and I shall
raise the point of oider on everything which is
not intended to enrry out existing laws.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to proceed to the
eonsidetation of the tai iff bill.
Mr. WASH BURA'E,of Illinois. As thegen-
tlenmn from Vermont desires to proceed with the
consideration of the tariff bill, if this bill can be
postponed 1 will not insist upon its being read
at this tinv\
The SPEAKER. If the House pass over this
bill now, the question will be upon seconding the
demand for the previous question upon the un-
finished business pending last evening in rela-
tion to a land grant to Michigan.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will notthe gentleman from
Vermont allow this hill to go to the Committee
of the Whole with an understanding that the
points of order may he raised theie 5
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose we can move to
postpone the furthorconsideration of this bill, and
1 move it he postponed until Wednesday next,
and be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, o(f Illinois. I Will agree
to that, not waiving, however, my right to have
the bill'iead when it comes up.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have no objection to hav-
ing it postponed, with the understanding that the
points may be raised when the bill comes up.
Mr. PENDLETON. I make no objection to
rescr\ii!g points of order which may pioperly
come up on the tin id reading of the bill; but I ob-
ject to raisin;;- those points of order which were
waived on the fust and second reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Illinois laised (he point of oidur in
time.
The lull was then postponed until Wednesday
next, and ordered to be printed, reseivmg the
right to raise the points of order at that time.
GRANT OF LANDS TO MICHIGAN.
The question recurred, as the next order of
business, on seconding the demand made last
evening for the previous question upon the bill
(S. No. 250) to amend an aet entitled "An act
making a grunt of alternate sections of public
Kuids to the State of Michigan to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State, and
for otherpurposes."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would ask
the gentleman from Michigan if there lsauy limit
to the time in which this load shall bebuiit?
Mr. UPSON. There is a limitation to the year
1S66, leaving two years unexpired.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will put in ,a provision that the time
shall not be extended. I think the biil may now
be construed so as to allow the road to be built
during an indefinite period.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Michigan .whether this bill does not
give additional privileges to the company in the
selection of lands?
Mr. UPSON. The original act allowed the
company to go within six miles of the road, or,
where thelaqd could not be found in that distance,
within fifteen miles. This bill, following the pre-
cedent in the cases of Iowa, Wisconsin, and Min-
nesota, extends the right to make up the defi-
ciency within twenty miles.
(Mr. MORRILL. Then I understand the bill
gives the company the right to select better lands
elsewhere if they do not find good lands within
the twenty miles. '
Mr. UPSON. ^ I "would say in reply to the
gentleman from Vermont that they can only go
outside of the six miles to make up any deficiency,
just like aU other railroads which have received
lq,nd grants from the Government.
Mr. MORRILL, And of coursc in making up
the deficiency, if they can find better lands within
tweruy jriiles than within fifteen they will take
th,eml
Mr. SLOAN. They can only go outside of
the limits prescribed by the original act in case
they cannot find lands within the original limits,
and then they are confined to-the odd sections, so
that they have no chance to select the best lands
outside of. the original grant.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand that this bill
has not been considered hy any committe of the
House,'and that the Committee on Public Lands
of the House had under consideration a similar
proposition, which was rejected, as I hope this
will be.
Mr. UPSON. The Committee on Public
Lands have informally considered this measuie,
and have no objection to it.
Mr. MORRILL. I had my information from
a member of the Committee on Public Lands,
and I supposed it to be correct.
Mr. CRAVENS. I must object to furtherde-
bate. I believe that no debate js in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will now
move an amendment, with the consent of the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Upson.]
Mr. UPSON. I will withdraw the previous
question for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
add to the bill the following proviso;
lJiovi<lcd, fur frier. That the time piescitbed in the ori-
ginal act wiilim wlueh this road shall be built shall not he
extiMuh'il.
I now demand the previous question.
Mr. MORRILL.. Will the gentleman let me
move that the bill be referred to the Committee
on Public LamU?
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
pending the demand for the previous question.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I hope the House will
vote down the previous question.
Mr, UPSON. I hone the gentleman from Illi-
nois will peimit the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands to an&vvei the question of the
gentleman ftom Vermont. -
Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the previous question for that purpose.
M,r. JULIAN. I have been absent from the
House for several days, but I understand the fact
to be that the Committee on Public Lands unan-
imously agreed to this bill piovidf d there was no
extension of the time within which the road is to
be built. It was only upon that condition that
we agieed to repoi t the bill, and if that provision
is not in this lull it ought to be amended.
Mr. MILLER, of New Yoik. I wish to say
that I am on the Committee on Public Lands,
but 1 am not nwnre that tins bill has been bofore
that committee since it came from the Senate. It
has certainly never been submitted to me, and
there must be some mistake in the statement that
that committee unanimously indorsed this bill.
A similar project was at one time before the com-
mittee, but they did not favor it, and 1 will say
that one sciious objection I have to it is that it
proposes to give lands in the northern portion of
the State to build a road in the southern portion
of the State where there arc no lands.
