1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
great deal. Here this man has been waiting for
two years,losing interestamounting to$2,100for
undertaking to do what the Government wanted
him to do, what they went to his home and be-
sought him to do, and still you want to send him
to the Court of Claims after his claim has been
twice examined by a committee of the Senate.
Does any Senator on this statement, if it is true,
desire that? And if it is not true I wish to have it
contradicted.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, my attention
was called to this claim by seeing the report on
my table. It appears to me to be a very clear de-
mand upon the Government, and one which the
character of the Government, in my judgment,
requires should be disposed of at once, without
any delay, assuming the facts stated in the report
to be true, as I do, and they are confirmed by the
statement made by both the honorable members
from New Hampshire. The contract under which
these wagons were constructed was entered into
on the 1st July, 1861:
" The wagons, boxes, &c., are to be stored at Kingston,
New Hampshire''—
1 read now a portion of the contract—
44 at such place as the quartermaster or his agent may des-
ignate, and the contractor to assist in taking tlieai apart for
shipping. It is agreed that forty of the wagons, complete,
shall be leady for delivery on or before theSNt day ot July,
and the lcmainder on the 3is>t day of August, 1861."
The evidence in the case shows that on the day of the
date of the coutract Major Miller"—
who represented the Government in getting the
con ti act made—
"appointed Mr. W. C. Patten, of Kingston, the agent of
the department to inspect the wagons, instructing him, at
the fame time, m writing, how to inspect, and what eoit of
a certificate to give."
The party, therefore, who was to pass upon the
wagons was one selected by the Government with
the consent of the contractor; and in the absence
of any evidence to the contrary—and there is, as
I understand, no evidence to the contrary—we are
bound to presume that the person selected was
competent to discharge this particular duty, it
is not pretended, as I understand, that there was
any fraud as between the contractor and Patten,
the inspector. No collusion is pretended. Drown
acted honestly. Patten, the inspector, acted hon-
estly; and he gave the certificate that he was au-
thorized to give by the terms of his appointment.
But before that was done, Major Miller, who was
still the representative of the Government, wrote
to Brown this letter:
" Sir : The wagons to be manufactured under your con-
tract with the United Ktatesof tins date should be.slnpped,
when ordered by the duaiterinaster General, on bills ol
lading or railroad receipts taken in duplicate.'1'
And the order, of course, was not to be given
until they passed the inspection. They did pass
the inspection. They were ordered to be shipped,
and Biown, by the terms of the letter of Major
Miller, was bound to ship them, and he did ship
them in good faith, and they arrived at their place
of destination. When they arrived there they
were subjected to another inspection, not by the
man who was originally appointed, but by some
other person appointed by the Quartermaster Gen-
eral; and because his inspection differed in its re-
sult from the inspection made by their own se-
lected inspector, they have refused to pay Mr.
Brown.
Al! that I have to say is, that if this was a dis-
pute as between individuals, I do not think any
lawyer could be persuaded to make a defense, with
ot- withouta fee. When I say that Brown is to be
supposed to be honest, and Patten is to be sup-
posed to be honest, I say it, not only because there
js nothing to prove the contrary, and they are en-
titled to all the inferences that the law draws in a
case of this description, but they are both from
New Hampshire, and of course they must have
been honest. I submit, therefore, that it is not
a case that should go to the Court of Claimsany
way.
Mr. NESM1TH. 1 have no desire to do any
injustice to the claimant in this case, and perhaps
he is entitled to something, but I do not think he
is entitled to the amount which is provided for by
this bill. The bill appropriates $15,000 for which
the Government has never had any sort of con-
sideration whatever.
It seems that a contract was made by this Gov-
ernment with Mr. Biown for the manufacture and
delivery of a certain number of Army wagons.
Lawyers, I admit, may very readily make out of
itacase which between individuals wefuld perhaps
bind them. It appears that a Mr. Patten, a gen-
tleman of multifarious occupations, as has been
stated by the Senator from New Hampshire, a
member of the Legislature, a lawyer, and at some
time a wagon-maker, was selected by the quarter-
master, Major Miller, and the contractor to in-
spect and pass upon these wagons. It seems they
were built and were forwarded to the quarter-
master at Perry ville, who was then Captain (now
Colonel) Sawtelle, of the quartermaster's depart-
ment of the Army. . When the wagons reached
Sawtelle he saw that they were unfit for the ser-
vice, that they were worthless, that the putty
which had been placed to fill up the interstices
caused by the worthless, lotten timber of which
they were made was about falling out of them;
and that the wagons if loaded and sent to the front
were liable to break down and become worthless
at any time. He, therefore, as an honest man
and the representative of the Qovernment, thought
it was his duty to prevent the Government from
being swindled, and refused to accept the wagons.
He was on the ground; he was the quartermaster
to whom the wagons were delivered, and who
was to load them and send them to the front, and
who was responsible for receiving pioperty of
that kind. £ 
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire simply where and how he ascertained
that Mr. Sawtelle made these discoveries that the
putty was falling out of the wagons, and that they
were made of rotten wood?
Mr. NESMIT1I. I do not take the statement
of Captain Sawtelle for that fact. The statement
is made to me by paities whom I understand to
be reliable. The statement that the wagons were
not constructed in accordance with the contract,
that the workmanship of them was bad, that there
was rotten and bad timber in them, comes from
two master wheelwrights who were in the em-
ployment of Sawtelle, who were directed by him
to make a critical inspection of the wagons. They
did make that inspection,and they made a report
setting forth some eighteen reasons why the
wagons did not comply with the contract made
for them by the Government, and in which they
were deficient.
This reportof the Committee on Claims under-
takes to make out a case of condemnation against
the quartermaster's department. It seems to be
designed more for that purpose than to vindicate
the claim of Mr. Brown. It is very easy for gen-
tlemen who have claims against the Government
to appear before the committees, without any re-
butting testimony, and make a fair showing of a
case. I do not undertake or pietend to say that
the committee acted improperly in this matter;
but I do undertake to say that in their report theie
is more of condemnation against the department
than there is in favorof the paymentof tins claim.
They undertake to say that this man,Mr. Pat-
ten, and the contiactor were both men of good
moral character, upright, honest men; and that
they submitted proofs of that sort to the commit-
tee. Why, sir, there is not a man in tins coun-
try who has a contract with the Government who
could not appear before one of your committees
and make it appear that he is the pink of pro-
priety, that he is upright and honest, and that his
inspector was an upright and honest man.
There is an implied attack upon Captain Saw-
telle in this report. It says that while those
men were of that sort of character there is no
evidence before the committee that Captain Saw-
telle was a man of good character ora man whom
the committee weie entitled to believe. Captain
Sawtelle is a quartermaster, an officer often years'
standing in the Army. The proofs of his char-
acter are that he has been confirmed two or three
times by the Senate. If the committee had de-
sired to ascertain whether he was a man of such
a character as could not be believed in his state-
ments and his official reports, there was abundant
testimony within their reach toprove what sortof
a man he was. I have known Captain Sawtelle
for years. I know he is an upright, honest, hon-
orable gentleman, and a competent officer. I
know that he would not descend to do a wrong
thing, and the evidences before the committee and
before the Senate are that it was not his interest
to do it. If, as is alleged against quartermasters
and against officers who make purchases for the
Navy, bribery and bonuses are resorted to for the
purpose of getting bad and worthless property
accepted, there might be some reason why Cap-
tain Sawtelje might be suspccted of having been
bribed to do a thing of thisTrind, but, on the con-
trary, all his acts go to repel any such idea*,'and
he rejected the wagons, if he had received the
^agons, worthless as they were, there mighthave
been some charge of that character brought against
him.
The report has several negative points of that
kind which I do not propose toexamine at^ftgth.
It goes on to say:
" Resides, there is evidence in the case which shows that
Mr. Totter is an experienced wagon-builder. There la no
evidence to show that Captain Sawtelle ever made one."
Now, sir, a man who is a quartermaster in the
United States Army, though lie may never have
built wagons, who has crossed theplains,as Cap-
tain Sawtelle has done—a journey which is the
best possible test of a wagon—and who has had
several years'experience in the quartermaster's
department in the use of wagons, I apprehend is
every way competent to determine the value of a
wagon or the propriety of adopting it for use in
the service. As I said before, the inducements
would have been all in favor of Sawtelle's receiv-
ing the wagons, if they were worthless. I think
in a case of this sort where an officer exercises
an authority of that kind, and rejects worthless
property, in place of condemningand denouncing
him by a report and fixing an implied aspersion
on his character for doing a thing which protects
the Government, we should protect the character
of the officer who does it. As I said before, Cap-
tain Sawtelle is an honorable, high-minded, up-
right gentleman; and if I thought it would not be
an equivocal compliment to him I would say that
I believe he is as honest as any member of Con-
gress. [Laughter.]
It was stated by the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Howe] the other day that the statements
of Captain SawtelM were uncorroborated. I am
in favor of referring this claim to the Court of
Claims, in order that that corroboration may be
had, and that all the facts in connection with it
may be investigated. The wagons were refused
by the Government. I understand they weresub-
s^quently sold by order of the railroad company
that transported them, in order to pay .the freight,
/or about I hirty dollars apiece, about the value of
the iron. The wagons were never used, wei e never
accepted' by the Government, and were subse-
quently sold by the railroad company for the pay-
ment of the freight; and consequently, if $15,000
is paid this claimant, the Government receives no
consideration for the money.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark]
went on to state in reference to the soundness of
these wagons thatapiecc was chiseled outofoneof
them, and that proved to be sound. It strikes me
that if this claim is paid the Government will be
chiseled more than the wagons were. [Laughter.]
There is scarcely a day here but some officer
of this Government is denounced and condem-
nation ficaped upon him for buying or receiving
property that is worthless. We hear it almost
every day in relation to the quartermaster's de-
partment; and we all well recollect how eloquent
and indignant the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] was, during the last Congress, on
account of the purchase of worthless ships for
our Navy. He never ceased denouncing those
acts. We recollect, when he had given up the idea
of getting justice from Congress or from the Gov-
ernment on that subject, how he appealed from
Congress to the Almighty, and what his solemn
invocation was, as, in the exuberance of his in-
dignant piety, he raised his hands and his eyes to
heaven and exclaimedO Christ, who with a whip
of small cords didst drive the money-changers
from the temple of Jerusalem, is there no scourge
to lash the backs of those who would turn this
temple of our liberties into a den of thieves?"
[Laughter.] That was the mosteloquentprayer,
I think, that was ever offered up to these galleries,
[laughter,] and duiing the thirty years that I have
sat under the droppings of the sanctuary I have
j heard nothing to equal it. It did honor to the head
j and the heart of the Senator from New Hamp-
( shire, and it would have been worthy of an Army
i chaplain. [Laughter.]
| I referred a few moments since to a report which
; was made to Captain Sawtelle by the inspectors
