THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
In'his employ whom" he authorized to examine
these wagons. I will read their report:
' " These forty wagons vary froiri the specifications of the
contract in the following particulars:
"1. Ail the hounds aie too crooked, cutting across the
gjrain so as to leave no strength in them.
"2. The slider bar is bolted on the under side of the
Wand, and doesnot touch the coupling pole by two inches,
aiid cannot be made to do so without bending the king-bolt.
•"3. The king-bolt is only one and one eighth inch, aiui
iiples in the plates for it to pass through the same, so tlrft
the Wagon cannot rock without breaking it.
" 4. There are no clips on the ends of the axle stocks to
secure the slocks to the axle. The stocks of the axles carry
the I'ui^ize to the end, which butts against the hub, so
ttiat'there is no room for tlx; sand band to project over the
hub, and there is nothing to keep the dirt from working into
the box.
• "5. The rubber plate on the coupling poles and the lock
plates on the bodies are fastened with nails instead of riv-
ets, as they should he.
« 6. The back hounds, beside the fault mentioned above,
are six inches too short.
" 7. The tongues will not fit any other wagons, being half
an inch too wide.
"8. The wheels are bad ; the boxesall being loose, many
of the hubs rotten, and showing unmistakable evidence of
very infeuor workmanship throughout.
" 9, The middle clevis and tail plate are not let in level
with the floor, so as to admit the sliding of boxes and bar-
rels. There arc no front corner plates. The back stanch-
ions are an eighth of an inch too light, and do not lit above
or below.
((10. The floors are fastened with cut nails, and the top
rails have neither nails nor pms.
"13. The lock-chains are five inches too short at the
short end, having no small links in them, the straight link
passing through the middle rtng. The breast chains vary
Ju length Iroin two feet four inches to three feet nine
Indies, and are made of only quarter-inch iion.
" 12. The chuck irons are too short, being only two and
  quarter inches long on the bolster, and held in place by
a quatter-meh bolt, instead of being five inches long and
fastened with two three-eighth bolts; some of them are
already shaken oft'. There are no plates on the outside of
the hound''to keep the tongue-holt fiom wearing,the moon
irons are too short, and the hound braces are too short and
not made as they should be in any particular.
" 13. The back holsters on the running gear are half an
mch too thin and some of them an inch too narrow. The
body liolsiers aie not deep enough hy hall an inch.
" M. The bow- are *i\ inches too high. v.<> that the cov-
ers will not come quite down to fhe top of the side; and
the staples lor the hows aie worthless.
"1.j. in evciy body a bar cnteis the sill at the second
stud from each end, cutting the sill nunc than half off.
" 16. Tool boxes are made entirely of white pine and
run out square in fiont, so that the wagon cannot turn
without striking the box with the wheel.
" 17. The feed troughs aie too wide at the top, and are
not ironed according io the specifications.
" 18. All the timber in the lunning gear is a soft, ash,ex-
cept the bhder bar, which is oak. The bodies are made
principally of nsh of a poor quality, with a few black oak
rails and sills, and a mixture of ash, oak, and birch in the*
bars.
uThe woikmanship of these wagons in all the parts is
miserably bad; many ol the moitises in the sills and rails
arc a quarter of an inch larger than the tenons, ami it may
be palely said that there is scarcely a mortice in the whole
forty wagons that fits as it should. For use as Government
wagons they are entirely worthless."
The VICE PRESIDENT. It becomes the
duty of the Chair to call up the special order of
the day at this hour, which is the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday.
Mr. CLARK. Perhaps we had better finish
this hill.
Mr. HALE. I move that the special order be
postponed will) a view to disposing; of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion can
only be entertained with the cousent of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] who is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. If gentlemen would quitspeak-
ing and come to a vote I should have no objection.
Air. HALE. I have not spoken on it and do
not expect to. We can finish it in a few minutes.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection the bill will be proceeded with. The Chair
hears no objection, and the bill (S. No. 02) for
the relief ot Albert Urown is still before the Sen-
ate.
Mt. CLARK. I believe the report which the
Senator from Oregon has read was the first report
made by Captain Sawtelle. I judge so because
that report speaks of the covers of the wagons.
Am I right in regard to that matter?
Mr. NESMITH. In reply to the Senator 1
am unable to say whether it is the first or second
It was handed to me as a copy of the report. The
first and second reports, I presume, are in the
papers. I am not able to say which this is.
Mr. CLARK. I judge it to be the first, and
indeed I know it is the first, but I desire to be
certain on that point, in that first report he
speaks of the covers of the wagons as being too
small and that they would not come down. In
the next report Sawtelle makes, he says the covers
of the wagons when he had pulled them down and
bolted them into their places were very good and
were the best part of the wagons.
The Senate will notice also that in the very
report which the Senator has read, he speaks
about the hubs being rotten. It was that report
which called the attention of Mr. Brown to it,
and in the presence of Mr. Sawtelle, who was
requested to point out the place which he would
select as rotten, this was the result of the investi-
gation. [Exhibitingapiece of wood to theSenate.]
I do not undertake to impute anything against
the honesty and integrity ofMr. Sawtelle, except
what appears upon the report; and of that I leave
the Senate to judge; but I do desire to say here
that on an examination of that report and of the
things alleged in it, and on an examination of the
testimony which was before the committee, the
evidence entirely overbore the report. It was
that the wagons were well constructed. There
was a large amount of testimony on that subject.
I do not desire particularly togo into that subject,
but I wish to state here what I know to be a fact, be-
cause it is charged here that we make an assault on
this officer. I do know—I know it personally—
that after this report was made i went to the quar-
termaster's department. I could not believe but
what a^kiim of this kind would be paid. I called
upon the officer in charge to make an examination
of this matter because they were wrong in making
the refusal of this payment to the claimant, and
I was told in the quartermaster's department—I
will not say by what officer, because I do not de-
sire to make a personal charge upon anybody—
but I was told in the quartermaster's department
that they would not overrule the decision of Saw-
telle, even if they knew it to be wrong. When I
appealed to them that they mightgo and examine,
they said they would not do it if they knew it to
be wrong; and now we find the same influence
from the quartermaster's department, for I have
seen the officercaliingoutSenators—1 know who
it is—trying to defeat the claim here. When ap-
pealed to in their own department to overrule it
if they found it wrong, they said they would not
do it if they knew it to be wrong; and still they
are following this man and trying to defeat him
here in the Senate and postpone him to the Court
of Claims.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I made the
motion to send the case to the Court of Claims,
ami I must confess that I have not yet heard any
good reason why that motion should not prevail.
What is the reason in substanceurged against its
going to the Court of Claims? This, and this
only, that the claim is ajust one, that it ought to be
paid, and that it is two years or thereabouts old.
There are thousands of perfectly just claims
against this Government much more than two
years old, which if brought to this Senate would
be sent to the Court of Claims immediately.
Why ? Because in the judgment of Congress, the
Senate being a constituent part of Congress, we
did not think that we could devote our time to the
consideration of claims against the Government,
but that a tribunal which we have constituted and
denominated the Court of Claims is the tribunal
for deciding upon such matters.
This it is said is ajust claim. Granted: is the
principle then to be that this body will entertain
all just claims against the Government? If it
stands on that ground let us fix that principle. A re
we prepared to say that we will entertain jurisdic-
tion of all just claims ? If so, we must entertain
jurisdiction of every claim brought heie, if we
are to take the assertion of the party making the
claim, for no party will present a claim against the
Government without asserting that it is just; and
who is prepared to say that it is unjust until he
examines it ? We must therefore, to be consistent,
if we entertain this claim, entertain every claim
that is brought, or else we shall discriminate and
entertain one claim and not another.
Gentlemen say that this claim is as strong as
if it were on a bond against the Government.
Granted. Suppose a party comes here on a bond
of the Government; he is the holder of a bond,
and the Government have refused to pay cither
the bond or thecoupon on the bond,and be peti-
| tions the Congress of the United States, and pe-
tition is here presented for payment of that bond
| or of that coupon, will we entertain jurisdiction ?
I do not know what the Senate might do on the
subject; I would not. On a claim of that sort
upon a bond, or a coupon attached to a bond, a
petitioner coming here, not doubting the justice
of his claim, I would say,as a Senator, "This is
not the tribunal to entertain jurisdiction of the
matter; go to the Court of Claims." I am pre-
pared to say that, because the law says it, and I
am not prepared to repeal the law, or rather I am
not prepared to have this body attempt, in effect,
to repeal a law which it hasjiot the power of itself
to do.
Under these circumstances, if we grant that this
claim is just as strong in every particular as its
friends contend, it furnishes no reason to my mind
why it should not be tried by the proper tribunal.
It seems to me clearly improper to attempt to dis-
criminate here between claims that we call just
and those that we call unjust, and to say that we
will try and dispose of here all the clearly just
claims and send all the unjust and all the doubt-
ful ones to the Court of Claims. I may be wrong
about this matter; but I would measure out an
equal rule to all claims that are brought here of
a like character. Those coming within the law
should go to the tribunal provided by the law. It
seems to me that is the only just, consistent,and
pioper course for us to pursue. If we take any
other course, we shall find ourselves in the diffi-
culty of either having to refuse men who come
here, and make discriminations that must be
odious and unjust, or we shall have to entertain
jurisdiction of all claims that are brought here,
and doing that we may as well abolish the Court
of Claims at once.
In making these remarks, Mr. President, and
in making this motion, I am certainly actuated by
no spirit of hostility to this claimant, for I have
no knowledge of him except what gentlemen here
assert of him, (and nobody asserts the contrary,)
that he is a highly respectable man. Taking (hat
for granted, and taking it for granted for the pur-
poses of the argument that he has a just claim
properly supported, the Court of Claims is the
proper tribunal. It is in session in this building
to-day, and will continue in session. The delay
occasioned by sending it there will not be great.
The delay in this case is no greater than in thou-
sands of other cases. There are a great many
claims much older than this that are equally just;
and if we at this stage of the session or at any
stage take it upon us to entertain jurisdiction of
them and try them, Congress must be perpetually
in session and engaged in business which the law
has provided another tribunal to decide.
Mr. CLARK. I shall detain the Senate but a
moment, simply to state the history of this claim
before Congress. It was presented here early last
session, before the law was enacted which author-
ized the Court of Claims to take cognizance of all
questions of contract.
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly not before the law
existed which took cognizance of this claim, for
that is as old as the law oiganizing the court.
Mr. CLARK. Thelawof 1855authorized the
Court of Claims to hear all cases arising upon
'contract which were presented to it by petition,
but if they came to the Senate or the House of
Representatives the Court of Claims was not au-
thoiized to hear them unless they were sent theie
by a direct resolution of the House to which they
were presented. But now under the presentlaw
they are directed to be presented to the Court of
Claims unless either House by resolution directs
otherwise.
Lastsession, before the present law on this sub-
ject was passed} this claim was brought into the
Senate, and it was referred to the Committee on
Claims. The Committee on Claims examined
and reported upon it, and the Senate passed the
bill unanimously. It went to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and it was defeated simply for the
want of time. At the commencement of this ses-
sion the claim wnsngain sent to the Committee on
Claims of this body. The Committee on Claims
did not think that it had jurisdiction of it unless
by a resolution of the Senate; and a resolution
was passed by the Senate at this session direct-
ing the committee to take jurisdiction and cogni-
zance of it; and thereupon they did so, and they
examined the case, and they came to the same
conclusion which was auived at last yeai; and
now they report it to the Senate for their action,
and there is a motion made to send it before the
