THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
The proportion to be established by the bill is
a matter for consideration; not with the view of
avoiding the chargc of a violation of the princi-
ple-of republican government, but of ascei taming
whether there is a body capable of self-rule and
i>f maintaining civil administration in the State.
,J3ut, Mr..Speaker, we are also met with the
objection that thisbiil, by the provision of eman-
cipation, Interferes with the rights of the several
States within its purview to regulate their do-
mestic institutions. This is no novel suggestion.
It is as old as the struggle for the adoption of the
Constitution. It constituted a material portion
of the argument of those who arrayed them-
selves against the formation of the national Gov-
ernment. From that time until now it has been
constantly thrust forward in every discussion in-
volving the right of Congress to adopt measures
requisite for the national advantage. Do we pro-
pose to exercise the power of regulating the cur-
rency? We are met by the dogma of State rights,
enlisted in the interest of local banks. Do we
endeavor to exert our authority to regulate com-
merce? We are confronted with the same phan-
tom of State rights, pressed into the service of
some municipal corporation. Do we determine
to save the Government, reeling beneath the blows
of a formidable rebellion organized and operated
by the instrumentality of African slavery ? We
dare not accomplish us suppression and prevent
the contingency of future msurrectionsfor fear we
shall invade the hallowed precincts of State rights.
Mr. Speaker, it is time that there was an end
to this delusion. The danger to this people is not
from equalization but disintegration. The sad
spectacle of to-day is a mournful confirmation of
the fears of our fathers. The miseries now af-
flicting the Republic have been produced by the
unceasing efforts of local partisans to persuade the
people of the hostility of the national Govern-
ment to then* domestic institutions. It has culmi-
nated in rebellion against its authority. Combat-
ing this pernicious doctrine, the advocates of the
Constitution demonstrated, by examples diawn
from the history of nations, that instead of invad-
ing the rights and absorbing the functions of the
local governments, the probable result would be
that the States would trench upon the proper of-
fice of the national Administration. They showed
that, influenced by constant familiarity with their
affairs, affected by the immediate protection af-
forded to his person and property,and looking to
them as ihedireet means of official preferment, the
citizen would come to regaid the States with the
higher affection, and that because oft he apparently
more remote'and infrequent presence of the pro-
tecting power of the nation he would hold it in
less esteem, though far more potent in securing his
safety and happiness.
Not content with the refutation of this objec-
tion to the plan of the Convention, Mr. Madison,
rising to the dignity of his high office, and imbued
with the paramount importance of the national
Union, thus boldly announced his opinion of their
comparative benefits!
" If, in a word, the Union bo ''^entifll to the happiness
of the people of America, U it not preposterous to urge a*
an objection to a Government without winch the objects of
the Union cannot hi; attained, that Mich a Govei nmciit may
derogate from the impot tance of the governments o! tin* in-
dividual Stat*1*? Was, then, the Amenean Revolution ef-
fected. was the Amenean contedetaey touued, was the
pieeiou* Ujood of thousands spilled and the hard-earned
hub^tance oi millions waited, not that the people of Amer-
ica sHfculd enjoy pence, liberty, and safety, hut that the gov-
ernments of the individual rhates, that particular munici-
pal establishments might enjoy a certain extent of power
and be ariajed with certain dignities and attributes ot sov-
ereignty?
« It is too early for politicians to proMimo on our foiRot-
ting that the public good, the real welfare oi the ^eat body
ot the people is the supreme good to be pursued', and that
no foun or government whatever has anj- other value than
may he fitted foi the attainment of this, object."
These woids of power and wisdom are as appli-
cable to the present condition £f public affairs as
when they were written to secure the adoption of
the Constitution,as mighty to save as to found a
nation.
If indeed there wer"e such antagonism between
the two systems of government that one or the
other must perish, it wouid be for the people to
judge which should be sacrificed: whether that
which renders us great and powerful and pros-
perous should give way to the maintenance of
petty municipalities that could secure neither re-
spect abroad nor concord at home. Should the
dread alternative be presented, J mistake the tem-
per of the people,and their estimation of the solid
and substantial benefits of the Union, if they
would not choose a consolidated and centralized
Government rather than underlie the calamities
incident to individual States or miserable confed-
eracies the inevitable prey of intestine strife and
foreign domination.
But, Mr. Speaker, much has been said about
overleaping constitutional barriers. What defi-
nition has the Constitution prescribed to the ex-
ercise of power in the suppression of rebellion
against its authority? What limitation has it
fixed against its own preservation? What meas-
ure of force does it indicate as sufficient to pre-
serve the Union? This Government is as unre-
stricted in the scope of its faculties as the veriest
despotism. Its weakness consists not in its want
of inherent powers, but in their distribution and
in the dependence of the temporary Administra-
tion upon the final sanction of the people. This
necessity for their concurrence renders a repub-
lican Government least fitted to cope with sudden
and desperate emergencies. There is always a
party in the State arrayed in opposition to the
ruling policy. Appeals are made to the final tri-
bunal for its judgment, and its administrators are
alternately charged with despotism and imbecil-
ity. This principle of absence of limitation is
clearly expressed by Mr. Hamilton,in No. 33 of
the Federalist, in his comment on the general en-
abling clause of the Constitution:
" But it may be asked, who is to judge of the necessity
and propriety of the laws to be passed for executing the
powers of the Union? ( answer. first, that tins question
anscv a« well and as fully upon the simple grant ot those
powcis as upon the declaratory clause; and 1 answerin the
second place, that the national Government, like every
othet, mu-n judge m the first instance of the proper exer-
cise of its powers, and its constituents in the last."
Subjected to this test, of approval it must of ne-
cessity exeicise caution, not because of the want
of constitutional power, but lost it should be over m
ruled by those in whom lies the final arbitrament.
If these concur, then it is uniestratned in the
use of the means commuted to its discretion and
employed toward the object of its creation.
Hut, M i. Speaker, if it were possible that theie
could be so absurd a thing as u simple Govern-
ment destitute of the powers necessary for its own
preservation, let me call the attention of the House
to an example drawn from the. history of the na-
tion.
The Convention that ordained the Constitution
was charged with having exceeded its commis-
sion. It was alleged that its members had oven-
stepped the limits of their authority—that they
had no capacity to form a Government, but only
to propose amendments to the existing Articles
of Confedeiation. In defending the Convention
against this uriaignment of the enemies of the
Constitution, upon t/ieir own hypothesis of an
excess of jurisdiction, Mr. Madison thus sums
up his judgment upon the proposed chaige:
u Had the Convention tmderall these impressions and in
the midst ot .ill these considerations, instead ot exeiciMiig
a manly confidence tit then eounirv. by whose confidence
they had been *0 peculiarly diMiritfuMied, and ol pointing
out a system capable, in then judmnunt, ot secuniu? its
happiness, taken the cold and sullen resolution of disap-
pointing  is aident hopes,of saeiilienn? Mib-tauee to hunts,
of committing: the deatesi inteiest-s of then country to the
hazard of events, let me a=lc the man who can )ai-e his
mind to one elevated conception, who can awaken in his
bo-om one pat 1 n t re emotion, what judgment ought to have
been pronounced b> the inipaiir.il woilu, by lite fttends ot
mankind, by evety vnftiou- eiti/en on the ennduct and
eliaractei of this assembly * The sum of what ha- been
advanced and proved is that the chaige against trie Conven-
tion ot exceeding then powers, eveept in one ln-tanec,
little utixed by the objt etors, ha- no foundation to -uppor.l
it; that if they had exceeded then p->u< 1- tb'-\ wow, not \
only warianted, but textured, a- the confidential Movants !
o( then counuy, by the cireuin-tances m which tliev weie
placed, lO exeieise Uie Illicit) the) assumed."
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfilld,]
who has been su fiercely assailed for his manly
declaration, can take courage that heissustained,
not by the vagalles of fanatical abolitionists or
border State radicals, but by the example of the
fathers of the Constitution, commended in the
breach of their authority by the calm and con-
templative Madison.
To these peculiar friends of the people, whose
jealous vigilance of the Constitution leads them
to contemplate with stolid indifference or inward
satisfaction the disruption of the Union, he can
teply, in the language of the patriot:
" No little, ill-timed scruples, no zeal foi adhering to or-
dinary forms, are anywhere seen except in those who wish
to indulge under these masks their seciet enmity to the
substance contended for."
But, Mr. Speaker, I have endeavored to show
that theie is no necessity for a resort to this ex-
treme right; that we are invested with plenary
discretion, controlled only bythe emergency and
the sanction of our constituents. Two questions
are to be solved: is emancipation necessary to
our safety? will it be justified by the people?
What threatens the disruption of the Union?
What has brought upon the nation this terrible
crisis of civil war? What engine of mischief so
potent as to have arrayed a people against their
Government? Slavery. Type of a barbaric and
receding civilization, it stands confronted by the
hosts of freedom.
1 will not argue, Mr. Speaker, concerning the
justice of our quarrel. I will riot debate the
necessity of crushing the rebellion. The people
have determined that it shall be suppressed, that
its unhallowed cause shall be destroyed either by
voluntary action or by the power of the sword.
The war is between systems. Every soldier is
an apostle of liberty, every cannon-shot a proc-
lamation of emancipation, and the gleam of the
bayonet in the hands of the negro illustrates his
title to manhood. It becomes us in the exercise
of the high functions with which we are invested
to cooperate with the moral and material forces
now engaged in the present salvation and future
preservation of the Union.
I trust not, Mr. Speaker, wholly to presidential
proclamations. I prefer to rest the security of
the Republic upon the safer and more irrefraga-
ble basis of congressional enactments. I would
not forego any possible precaution against the
i ecu nonce of fiatei nal strife. Homogeneity of in-
stitutions is our only safeguard, universal free-
dom the only possible solution.
Let un, then, Mr. Speaker, by this hill and by
constitutional amendment, proceed boldly to the
Accomplishment of this necessary condition, and
realize for ourselves the time contemplated by
the threat orator, when there will be "mm alia
lex Roma, aliaMienis; aha nunc, aliaposthac, sed
in omni tempore et in omnibus gentibus, una lex
ct sempiterna continebitWhen this shall have
been accomplished, though it will bring new and
untried conditions of social, financial, and politi-
cal existence that will tax the wisdom of the
statesman and the enduiance of the people, yet
I have faith that they will be found equal to the
emergency, and that this great nation, mightier
for the snuggle through which it has passed, its -
Constitution compacted by resistance to rebellion,
and Us people purified by the trial of fire, will
pass to the fulfillment of us destiny, securing
" the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our pos-
teiity,"and ultimately the political regeneration
of the world.
I send to the Clerk the following memorial,
which 1 desire to be read.
The memorial was read.as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate and Hoiuc of Reprcscntative$
of the United States in Con* tei>s assembled:
The memorial of the undesigned loyal citizens of Lou-
isiana Kspccttnlly lepie&ents that as Union citizens of
New Oilcans ami the parish of Jefferson, and member* of
the Union Fs ee ^tate (Jem ral Committee ol the fc-tate of
Louisiana, they ha\e faithiully laboted to accomplish the
reoiganiz.uion ofcivil goxeinntenr therein. That the plat)
piopo-sed bythe committee v\aa based upon the idea that
the eoii.-muiion and State j>o\etmnent of Louisiana had
been ove: thiow n by the rebellion, and that u w<h the duty
of the loyal penpp , in the alienee of an enabling act of
Connies, to oii auize a new government, lounded on the
pituciples of lcpubliean needom, so soon as a sufficient
poitnm of tlx* ;itnte should be hiought under the control of
the Union at in-, and the population sultkn'emly imbued
with sentiments ol h! eii\ and toy ally to render civil re-
oig unzaiion sa'e -and pei maiKut; and to thi.- end the com-
mittee hud then plan beit/ie iJugadiei G« ncial Geotge F.
Shepley, militnj) goveruoi of' Loui-iana, who, under or-
ders ftom the President oi' thi Unit; d State?, gave Ins aid
m catiynig it out. The committee al o lecomrnended the
assembling ol a mas-? meeting of the citizens of tiie Mate,
winch was duly assembled at the St. Chaile^ theater in the
city of New Oilcans, on the 8th day of Januaiy, 18G4, was
immense!) hu<*e, lepiesonuutf New Orleans and the other
pail- hes will tin the I'mon lines, and composed entirely of
loyal citizens, who most enthusiastie:iliy indorsed the ac-
tion of the Union Free State Geneiai Committeoand called
upon and authou/^-d Governor tShoplcj toordei an election
ol member of a constitutional convention to a-semble in
New 61 leans at an eaily day. The leading ideas of this
plan ot the committee and popular demonstration afore-
said were a reflation ot Civil govetinneiit by the action
of citizens without military control or interfeience, by
means of a constitutional convention, elected by loyal peo-
ple only. These ideas were reversed and set aside by the
