114
38th Com... 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (iLQBE.
Amendment of the Constitution—Mr. Howe.
)l'il 4,
Sbnati
nlon and all relationship with those who have been guilty
of rebellion. [Lou.! cheering.] Hut, certainly, if ! look to
thedeclaratiousot those New England ouitor*—and f have
been reading lately, if not the whole, yet a very great part
of the very long speech by Mi. Scmnbr on the subject, de-
livered at New Yo k—I 'own I cannot but wonder to see
these men, tlie offspring a* it wore of three rebellions, a-i
we are the oflvpiing of two rebellions, really ?p"akmg like
the Czar of ltu&sia, the Sultan of Turkey, or Louis XLV
himself, of the dreadful crane and guilt oi iebelLon,"
There, by one of your own Representatives in
your own Legislature, and there, outof the mouth
of a minister of Great Btitain, and before the
British people, this rebellion with winch you are
now struggling i^ likened to that in which your
forefathers engaged, and that in which their fore-
fathers engaged against Charles I and James U.
Sir, what was the rebellion m which those men
engaged to depose Charles I? Against what au-
thority or government did they rebel? The au-
thority of the king, who claimed to govern, not
by the election of his subjects, not by their choice
and selection, but by divine right and by the ac-
cident of birth,and who claimed for the measure
of his authority—what? The right to appoint
himself, as he did, members of one House of the
law-making department of his Government; the
right to appoint every judge; the right to appoint
every admiuistrative and executive officer. If the
members of his Parliament disaffected him, he
dismissed them at his pleasuie. He convened
them only when ho wanted them. He kept them
no longer together than they would subserve his
purposes. When a member of the House of
Lordsdisplcast'd him,he refused to summon him
to his seat. He declared war when he chose to
make war. The fact of war he made the pretext
for levying taxes which his Parliament had denied
to him; and when, against all these assertions of
power, one of his own subjects appealed lo the
courts to redress a wrong com mi tied by the Crown,
or by the agents of the Crown, he dismissed judges
who would not agree to decide m ins favor, and
he appointed judges who would agree to decide
in I)is favor.
It was against such authority in such hands that
that rebellion was waged; and yet they did not
resort to that rebellion until they had tried every
means to avoid it, by appeals to Parliament, by
appeals to courts, by appeals to statutes, hy yp-
peals to reason. For twenty years and moie the
people of Gieut Britain struggled by eveiy pos-
Hible peaceful means to pievent the exercise of
these pPTOgatives, and to redress the wrongs that
were occasioned through their exercise, before
they resoited to force.
Against what did yourown forefathers rebel—
your futhersand mine—whom a degenerate Rep-
resentative m Congress Itkened to the men who
have made this rebellion ? Let them speak for
themselves. I am not asserting any more than
did Etui Russell that ull u-belhon is guilty. I
Unow it is not. I know that revolution has been
employed as an insti ument of reform. J know
it has often been so employed. I know that in
some cases it is necessary to be employed. 1 re-
gard it myself as that no it of volcanic agency, so
to speak, by which the under-layers in the social
stratification are upheaved into the light of lib-
♦ rty and equality. But, sir, everybody must
concede, what all philosophy and all experience
tench, that i evolution, rebellion, war, are the most
fnghtful remedies that were ever employed or
can he employed, and therefore they should be
applied only to the most desperate diseases. But
'.vh-Mi a people are subjected to a wion# which
they cannot endure, and a wrong winch they can-
not correct hy any other instrumentality or any
other means, undoubtedly rebellion may be re-
soited to, and undoubtedly rebellion should be
resorted to. Your foiefathcrs resorted to rebel-
lion only_ under those circumstances and with
those limitations. They laid down the very con-
ditions upon which rebellion might be justified in
these well-considered words:
"We hold the-e tiuths to be ^elf-evident, that all mon
are crcated equal; that they are endowed by their Creator
'vi'.ii certain u'la'ien.thle right-,; that among these are life,
t.umvj antl the MiHU't of heppm :-s. That 10 serine the->e
~ j tiihr* ^i/Vtrinnent.' arc- instituted among men. deriving their
;its5 pmvew i mm the cop ent of the <foi fined ; thaf \\ hen-
ev- i any lot m oi Go veili:m n t bee. nm s de.sU uctive or UK'se
i' ni<? it is ti!<> riant <it tut1 people to alter or to abolish it.
and to inMUute a new Government, Jaj mg it-; foundation
on such principles and otgamzmg its powers m such hums
i- to them,t>ha!l seem most !t};«•!% « rflW t thoh- s;ifV y and
happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Govern-
ments? long established should not be changed for light and
transient cause-*; and, accordingly, all experience hath
shown that mankind are more dispfacd to suffer, while evils
are sufteiable, than to right themselves hy abolishing the
forms to which they are accustomed. Dm when a long
train of abuses? and usurpations, pm-au'ng invariably the
?ame object, evinces a de-sign to reduce them under abso-
lute de-potism, it is their right.it is their duty, to throw off
such Government and to piovide new guaids for their fu-
ture security."
And then, having laid down these conditions
upon which alone a resort to rebellion can be jus-
tified, they proceeded to file that ternble indict-
ment against the Government of then* king. It I
is too familiar to the Senate to justify me in read-
ing even extracts from it; but there isscarcely an
act of arbitrary power known to the history of
Governments that is not chargcd in that docu-
ment upon George III.
In the light of these examples let the guilt of
this rebellion, with which we have to deal to-day,
be tried. Were the men who made this rebellion
oppressed by the Government of the United
States? Nobody asserts that. The men who
made this rebellion administered the Government
themselves. Senators went outof this Chamber
to fight the authorities of the United States;
ministers went out of your Cabinet; officers in
your Army and Navy deserted their colors and
betrayed their commands; clerks went out of your
bureaus; your own agents, your own employes,
paid by you to protect your interests, abandoned
their trusts and took up arms under the author-
ity of a government alien to you and alien to them,
until they made it to overthrow your authority.
There was not a single act upon your statute-
book of which they complained; not a single act
of the Executive of which they complained; not
a single judgment in any one of your courts of
which ihey complained. Every department of
the Government lmd acquiesced m evei y demand
they had made.
There was then no oppression on the people
who made this revolt. There was nothing to
complain of in what the Government had done.
Did they make this rebellion to correct the form
of Government? Sir, you heard and I heard a
late Senator from Kentucky, who is now inarms
against the authority of his own Slate antl ot his
own counti y, declare here on this floor that this
was tin; best form of Government which the wis-
dom of man ever devised. Nay, sir, you heard
another Senator, representing the State of Texas,
who went out of this Chamber and out of the em-
ploy of the people of the United States to make
war upon them, declare:
"So devoted a ft lend of the Union am T that when (as I
know it mu-st be, because I see no disposition to save or to
pievent it,) the eight cotton .Slates have withdrawn from
this Union, as they will in the next two months- do, and
meet in convention to adopt a federal form o[ government
foi themselves, and to establish a toieign department, I tor
one Mi.ill advoeaie the adoption, without eio.-Miig a t or
dotting an i, of the ^une old gloi ious Constitution that iv.u
ratified by the old tlmteen Slates."—Concessional Globe,
sccond session Thuly-Sixth Confess, page 74.
So, then, it was not the purpose of this rebel-
lion to redress any wrongs which its authors had
sustained under the Government, nor to correct
the form of the Government itself. They ap-
proved of the foim of the Government, and they
themselves guided its administration Against
what, then, did they rebel ? A President hud been
elected. That was the act of the people. Of that
they complained. With the election of the pres-
ent ineumbint they were notsutisfied. Theelec-
tion of Air. Lincoln was known to be obnoxious
to them as the election of Mr. Breckinridge was
known to be obnoxious to those who voted for
Mr. Lincoln. The men who preferred Mr. Breck-
inridge had the same right to vote for him and
enjoyed that rightas fully as others, who opposed
Mr. Breckim idge, had the right and enjoyed the
right to vote for Mr. Lincoln.
But is the election of a President of the United
Stales a cause, a justification, or an excuse, even,
for icbeliion, for all the evils pnd all the woes of
icvoiution? Sir, if the man elected President in
18'JG had been as ambitious as Jefferson Davis, if
he had been as false as Franklin Pierce,if he had
been as faithless as Floyd, if he had beenasvam-
! glorious as Too.mb^, if he had been as spiritless
} os Buchanan, if he had been stained with every
: crime and with every exccss, still hid vhcuoti
would have been no cause for rebellion; and why?
For the simple reason that the term of a Piesi-
dent is very brief, and the measure of his au-
thority is very restricted. He is harmless if he
is ever so vile. His ability to work mischief is
extremely limited; and the term in which he can
do anything, good or bad, is limited to four years.
1 put it to the Senate, or to any one who is dis-
posed to palliate this rebellion, if they believe
that our forefathers would have declared for se-
cession from the British empire if they by four
years could have terminated the reign of George
111? Do you think revolution would eves have
been resorted to to depose James II, if by four
years or ten years endurance his reign could have
been terminated by an election of the people?
I was surprised to hear a Senator, who usually
speaks with a great deal of accuracy, speaking
on this point some days since, use this language
in reference to the President:
(% I can very readily imagine a condition of things in any
countiy on the face of the earth when a Government, the
President, or, if you please, the ruling power, the Execu-
tive, had become so obnoxious to the people and was pur-
suing a course so diametrically opposed to its interests,
that it might be necessary in the Senate of the United
States or in the House of Representatives, or in either or
both, to say distinctly from the place which we occupj,
' 1, fiom this place, call on the people of the United tit.ues
to resist this, outiageous exeieiae of power.' "
I undertake to say, no such necessity and no
such occasion will ever occur m the history of
this Government under its present Constitution.
The President, a.i i have said before, is one of
the most harmless agencies ever employed in the
affairs of Government. No matter what may be
his personal character, he is as harmless as tho
maishal of a district or the sheriff of a county.
He is but a mere agent of the people to obey then-
law, to execute their express commands embod-
ied in positive enactments; and when he goes one.
inch outside of the express authority of law, h'5
has not the slightest protection any more than
the constable of a town. If he withholds a debt
from you or assaults you, he is amenable to the
same corrections that you are if you withhold a
debt from another or assault another. If he com-
musany crime or misdemeanor he may be removed
fiom office at any time. He is at all times at
work simply for the people who employ hi in, and
he is utieily powerless except as lie is executing
their expressed will. But while he is executing
the will of the people of the United States, while
he represents these twenty-six million people,
then lie is a power—a power which, until within
a few years, there was no power on earth that
dared to gainsay; and if we are true to our form
of Government, he will in a very short time again
become a power that no potentate on earth will
dare to withstand. When acting in obedience to
the people of comse they cannot desire to resist
him at ail. When acting in defiance of them
-theie can be no more necessity for their resisting
with force than there is for the stockholders of a
railroad or of a bank to employ force against their
superintendent or cashier. To employ the terrible
agency of revolution to depose or resist a Piesi-
dent of the United States, whose term is so brief
and whose authority is so limited, would be tho.
most monstrous insanity I can well conceive of.
The man who wouid do it or recommend the do-
ing of it you may expect to see sometime washing
in aqua fortis to remove freckle, or burning Ins
barn to expel the rats.
But, sir, i ought to say that the President elected
in 1860 was not of the characterl have supposed
or indicated. He was not a bad character. He
was not a vile man. On the contrary,a more sin-
less man has not occupied the presidential chair
since your Government was organized. He was
stained by no crime. He was stained by no ex-
cess. A more kindly or a more genial natuie you
larely find than his. I venture to sayfuithu,
that when history undertakes to criticise the ad-
ministration of the present Executive, if it finds
fault with him at all, it will bo that he has dealt
with this monstrous rebellion with too much ten-
derness, and not that he has dealt with it with too
much tyranny.
What, then, was the occasion of the rebellion?
I heard the Senator fiom Delaware [Mr. Sauls-
bury] say the other day that if the fugitive skive
law of 3850 had been faithfully executed he did
not believe the rebellion would have occurred.
