2718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3
grosB an
additional profit of twenty-six cents per
I ask if it is fair and just that they should be
thus protected ? Is it fair and just that those who
are compelled to use this article—and no man in
this country is so humble that fie is not occasion-
ally obliged to use them—shallpay this enormous
profit to swell the revenues of this monopoly ? It
is wrong in principle. And I discover, upon ex-
amining this bill, that the same pernicious prin-
ciple runs throughout many of its provisions.
This is not a bill to raise revenue, but to protect
manufacturers. The purpose is not to raise rev-
enue, but to enable those engaged in manufactur-
ing to compel the consumer to pay whatever tax
may be assessed upon this article. I say it is
wrong in principle. They ought to bear their
fair proportion of the burden of taxation. The
mere fact that they are engaged in the manufac-
ture of this article is no reason why they should
not be compelled to bear their fair proportion of
taxation.
If the purpose be to derive revenue from the
duty placed upon wood screws, you must lower
the tax so as to enable the foreign manufacturer to
compete with them. If we have not been able to
derive a revenue atone and a half cent per pound,
how "much less at six and a half cents! It is a
wrong principle, and it runs throughout many of
these sections.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman has made a
very excellent speech, but it is in the wrong place,
and he should have fitted it to some other article,
for it so happens that we have not proposed to
raise the duty upon wood screws at all, for this
rate here-proposed is precisely as the law is now.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Let me call the attention
of the gentleman to the act of 1862.
Mr. MORRILL. I state the fact, and the gen-
tleman will find that it is so; and I will give him
time to study it out.
I want to say in behalf of these inventors and
manufacturers that by our laws we give them a
special right to use their invention free of compe-
tition for a certain length of time, and we should
not reproach them for what we give them by out-
laws. They have that right until the expiration
of their patent. This patent on screws will, as I
believe, very soon expire. Now, under our in-
ternal revenue laws .and tariff bills we have very
much increased the price of iron used by those
manufacturers, about which they make no com-
plaint; and it takes two pounds of iron to make
one pound of screws. Now, as we have not pro-
posed to increase the duties atall upon this article,
out have increased the duty upon the articles
which enter into th  manufacture, and have lev-
ied a tax upon the amount of their sales, 1 do not
see that the gentleman's argument meets the case
at all.
Mr. MALLORY. I would ask my colleague
on the Committee of Ways and Means if the ac-
tion of the House just now in refusing to increase
the duty on small bar iron was not ti bonus to
these monopolies that we are talking about' I
understand that these wood screws are made from
the small bar iron imported into this country.
An effort was made a short time since to increase
the duty on that class of iron, but the proposition
was voted down. It seems to me that this is
giving a sort of bonus to these monopolies.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman had iistenod
to what I said he would have understood that 1
would have been perfectly willing to increase the
duty on small iron if the internal tax had been
increased on the same article; but as the internal
tax bill did not increase the tax upon this descrip-
tion of iron, I was unwilling to increase the tariff
upon it.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. On page
10, lineone hundred and eighteen, I move to strike
out the word "nine" and insert "six;" so that
the clause will read:
On uid sc.-a|> iron, &ix dollars per ton. Pi nvii'nl. 'I'll.it
nothing lie dermed old iron tlKUIiab not been in iirUKil
use and tit only to be femauufactuied. '
Mr. MORRILL, i desire to say merely that
tins is an aiticle which competes with pig iron,
and is wot th full as much if not more. It ought
not to have a less duty upon it than is levied upon
pig iron. *
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. This is
the material out of which the small bar iron is
made.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WINFIELD. I move to add at the end
of line one hundred and sixty, on page 12, the
words "valued at over three dollars per dozen,
fifty cents per dozen and forty per cent, ad valo-
rem;" so tnat the clause will read:
On penknives, jackknives, or pocketknives of all kinds,
valued at three dollars or less per dozen, fifty cents per
dozen, and tn addition thereto twenty-five per cent, ad
valorem; valued at over three dollars per dozen, fifty cents
per dozen and forty per cent, ad valorem.
It is evidently an omission on the part of the
committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KERNAN. On lines one hundred and
seventy-four and one hundred and seventy-five,
on pages 12 and 33,1 move to strike out the words
"and twenty-five cents'," and I move, also, to
strike out, in line one hundred and seventy-six,
the word "sixty" and insert "foity" in lieu
thereof; so that the clause will read:
On bituminous coal, and shale, one dollar for a ton of
twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds to the bushel; on all
other coal, forty cents per ton of twenty-eight bushels,
eighty pounds to the bushel.
Mr. Chairman, every one knows that coal has
been exceedingly high, almost double what it
used to be, and it seems to me that this is veiy
high protection. I trust, therefore, that my
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. The present tariff on this
article is wholly inoperative under the recipro-
city treaty, which is eternally thrusting itself be-
fore the House, and which cannot be helped until
next December. All the coal imported comes in
free-, or nearly all, and there is no necessity for
the amendment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. KERNAN. Do they notimportcoal from
Europe?
Mr. MORRTLL. Very little.
Mr. KERNAN. I understand that the amount
imported is very large.
Mr. STKVENS. Very little coal la imported
now from Europe. Most of that imported comes
from Nova Scotia.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I propose to add
after line twenty, on page 14, the words "on in-
digo, dye-woods, barilla, and madders, thirty per
cent, ad valorem." This is one of the manufac-
turing interests of the country, and as the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means has
stated that the object of this bill is to sustain the
war and derive a revenue, I propose to add sev-
eral millions of dollars a year to the revenue of
the country.
Mr. MORRILL. It is hardly necessary, Mr.
Chairman, to make any remaiks on that propo-
sition. It comes from a quarter that aims at
striking down every manufacturing interest in the
country. 1 trust it will not be adopted.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I desire to ptatc
that none of these articles pay at present any duty
whatever.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on this amend-
ment is exhausted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the fourth
section by striking out on page 15, lines thirty-
four and thirty-five, the words " except while on
the sheep."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the same
section by striking out in the following line the
words " fifty per cent, of" and inserting m lieu
thereof the word "double."
The amendment was agreed to.
The proviso, as amended by the last two
amendments, reads;
Jlnd -provided faHher, That wool which shall be in-
creased m value bv being ccouied or cleansed shall pay in
addition to the duties herein provided double the amount
of such duties.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I move to
amend the fourth section by striking out, on page
14,lines nine and ten, the word " twelve" and in-
setting in lieu theieof the word "thirteen-," so
that it will read: «
On all wool, unmanufactured, and all hnn of the alpaca,
goat, and other like animals, unmanufactured, the value
whuieof at the last pott ot place i;um whence expotted to
the United State* afiail be 12 cents or ie s per pound, 3
cents per pound ; exceeding 13 cents nnd not exceeding 24
cents per pound, 6 cents per pound ; exceeding 21 cents per
pound, 10 cents per pound, and in addition tiiercto 10 per
cent, ad valorem.
1 believe that these coarse wools do not come
in competition with any wools of native growth;
and there is danger that the price of them at the
ports of importation may rise above 12 cents.
As carpets are manufactured entirely from that
description of wools, and as the Government is
deriving a large revenue on them under the in-
ternal revenue bill, I think that if the price of
wool should be raised it would increase the cost
of carpets to such an extentas that they would be
entirely unsalable, and the Government would lose
largely thereby. I therefore hope that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will not object to the
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. The proposition of thogen-
tleman from Connecticut is not a very unreason-
able one; but at the same time, as this matter
has been fully considered by the Committee of
Ways and Means, I hope the amendment will -
not be adopted, and that no change will be made.
As 1 stated yesterday, never in the history of
the country has this description of wool ever cost
so much as evenT2 cents per pound. I think
that, a  it stands, both the wool-grower and the
manufacturer can have fair profits.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to amend the fourth
section by striking out on p«ee 14, lines nine and
ten,the words " twenty-four, "and inserting in lieu
thereof the word " twenty;" so that it will read:
On all wool, unmanufactured, and all hair of the alpaca,
noat. and other like antmaN, uiimanutaetuied, the value
wheieof at the last port or place tiom whence exported to
the United ^luto6? s-hall be 13 cents or le«s per pound, 3
cents per pound; exceeding 10 cents and not exceeding
00 cents per pound, 6 cents per pound ; exceeding 20 cents
per pound, 10 cunts. per pound, and in addition ihoieto 10
per cent, (id valoiem.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust the amendment will
not be nduptrd.
The Chair ordered tellers; and appointed Mr.
Beaman and Mr. G-arfield.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
potted—ayes 24, noes 70.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRINNELL. I now ask the gentleman
from Vermont to insert " twenty-two "instead of
"twenty-four" in that clause.
Mr. MORRILL. Oh, no.
Mr. GRINNELL. I will not move the amend-
ment, lest the committee should be broken up for
want of a quorum.
Mr. MORRILL. It is precisely what the gen-
tleman himself agreed it should be.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend the fifth sec-
tion by striking out the clausc as to carpets. I
wish to call the attention of the gentleman from
Vermont to the clause m regard to tapestry and
Brussels tapestry carpets. 1 am informed by some
of my constituents who aie in that trade that the
duty proposed in this bill would be a virtual pro-
hibition of the trade in imported carpets. As the
ostensible object of the bill is to provide revenue,
there should be only such duties imposed as would
tend to increase the revenue, and not tend to pro-
hibit importations. The manufacture of these
carpets is confined, in this country, to two houses.
One is in the State of Massachusetts. I will not
say where the other is. The patent right by which
all the Brussels and Brussels tapestry carpets aie
nutnufactuied is owned in the State of Massa-
chusetts. I may perhaps add in this caac that
Massachusetts comes decidedly in conflict with
her particular admirer, that distinguished English-
man, John Bright, who is also a very large man-
ufacturer of tapestry and Biussels carpets; so
that while this duty which the bill proposes will
prove a benefit to these gentlemen in Massachu-
setts, it will prove a great detriment to John
Bright in his trade with the merchants and import-
ers of New Yoik.
The honorable gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] 1 am informed, is as well acquainted
with these fact-1 as 1 am, having had access to 'he
same souices of information. 1 do not rise, there-
fore, so much to address the House upon this
subject as through the Chair to address the gen-
tleman from Vermont, and to call his attention
to it.
Mi. GRINNELL. 1 dtsitc, with the consent
of the gentleman fiom New Yoik, to ask him
