3 864.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Amendment of the Constitution—Mr. Ilowe.
Senate. '
Sir, I am sorry to say the fugitive slave law of
1850 has been faithfully executed. I am sorry to
say it, because it was notastatute fit to be enacted
or fit to be executed. It was a monstrous out-
rage. I do not speak of it now in the sense of
its being a violation of the Constitution. I be-
lieve the courts decided otherwise. I hold my-
self, as a lawyer and as a man, and I would make
an affidavit of it if I was called upon to do so,
that M is a gross and palpable violation of the Con-
stitution; but that it violates the Constitution of
the United States is the very least of its defects.
It violates your constitution and mine. It vio-
lates evei y dictate or humanity. It violates every
sense of light, every sense of decency. I speak
in no passion. I am not going to try to prove
this or illustrate it. I speak from long-established
conviction. I ask any candid man to read itand
look at its provisions, and point out its parallel
in iniquity in the statute-books anywhere. But
monstrous as it is, it has been executed through-
out all the States of this Union wherever they
havq tried to execute it. It has been executed in
Wisconsin,executed in Massachusetts,executed
in New York, executed in Ohio. One of the last
acts of the late Presidentof the United States was
to pardon a citizen of Wisconsin who then lay in
jail for a violation of one of the provisions of the
fugitive slave law of 1850.
The Senator who made this statement seemed
to complain of the people of the North because
they had not discharged the duty which, as he
says, and which others say, the Constitution im-
posed upon them of returning fugitives from labor.
Mr. saulsbury. If the Senator willallow
ine a moment, as beseems to be quoting from what
he supposes to be souk- u ni.u Us that f made, and
as I have a copy of those remarks before me, 1
will.read to him just one sentence of what I did
say:
" Had political abolitionist*!refrained from intermeddling
with tin1 jint rglits of the South in icjjard to slaveiy tlieie
would have been no sooL'ssionihtrf."
The fugitive slave law was not mentioned in
that connection.
Mr. HOWE. I took down the words as t un-
derstood them to fall from the Senator; but cer-
tainly I accept the correction. Nevertheless, I
think the argument has frequently been made by
others. I do not propose to go into any discus-
sion of the met its of that fugitive slave law. I
simply state the fact here that that law was ex-
ecuted . Infamous as it was in its provisions, it was
executed. I will say here that the Constitution
ought to be vindicated by a single word. It im-
poses no duty upon you orupon me to reJwmany
fugitive from labor. It commands you not to in-
terfere with the owner who comes to take him,
but it does not tell you to take him back, nor
famish the owner any aid whatever in taking
him back. But you have seen the whole power
of the United States employed in the rendition of
fugitives from slavery under the law of 1850; your
Navy employed and your Treasury depleted to
pay the expenses of taking back persons who
have escaped from slavery. I declare, sir, if sla-
very had been that sacred lire which used to be
kept burning in the temple of "Vesta at Rome, and
we had been the virgins whoguarded it, our vigil-
ance could not have been greater than it has been
over the slaves of southern masters. That is the
fact. I do not brag of it. I state it.
A few years ago a man by the name of John
Brown, with, i think, twenty-one others, made a
little expedition into the State ofVirginia for some
purpose or other. As I understood from him,
his purpose was to give freedom to a few slaves,
or to a good many slaves, in ihe Stale of Virginia,
in violation of the law of that State. He failed
in that enterprise. He and his twenty-one com-
patriots were arrested. They were thrown into
jail. They were indicted, I think, for treason
against the State of Virginia. They were tried,
one'after the other; and I believe every man of
them was hung. They were convicted of treason;
and so, I suppose, I am estopped legally from de-
nying that they did commit treason,estopped by
the verdict of the jury, or by the judgment of that
couit.. Nev-Tihuless, I wjfl say they did not in-
tend to commit treason. They meant to leave the
government of Virginia just as it was. They did
ni'-'an to take some property, or that which the laws
of Virginia recognized as property, away from
that State. But they did not mean to overthrow
or assail the sovereignty of the State.
I am not justifying John Brown's raid, but I
am telling you whathappened when thatratd was
made. They were arrested,as I have stated. They
were tried in their courts—well enough. They
were found guilty—I do not complain. The judge
said they must be hung—1 do not complain of that
at all. The exfcutioner proceeded to hang them
—very well; it was the exercise of the right of
Virginia. But this is what i wish to call atten-
tion to. You say we of the North have not been
true to our constitutional obligations. There was'
a little petty raid. Admit that the motive was
just as bad as human motive can be,and that the
purposes of the men engaged in it were as bad as
human purpose can be. And what happened?
You saw the Governor of Ohio and the Governor
of New York and the Governor of Pennsylvania,
those three great States, tender to the State of
Virginia the militia force of those several States to
aid the Commonwealth of Virginia to hang John
Brown and his twenty-one compatriots! Can you
tell us we are not faithful to our-obligations under
the Constitution to this institution of slavery when
three great northern loyal States actually volun-
teered to furnish a militia foice to help to hang
twenty-two men who made an attack on the in-
stitution of slavery? Do you tell us after that
that we have not been true to our obligations
under the Constitution ? I plead the general issue.
We are faithful. We are too faithful.
I am not justifying John Brown; ham notcon-
demning Virginia for hanging John Brown; but
I would rather have been hung when John Brown
was than to have been the Governor that hung
him; and J am rather inclined to think, if I were
permitted to choose, I would rather have been
hung with Brown than to have been one of the
Governois who offered the militia force of their
States to help execute those men.
Sir,if they had really committed treason against
Virginia, not connected with the subject of sla-
very, if John Brownand histwenty-one men had
actually gone down to depose Henry A. Wiseor
whoever was Governor of Virginia, and abolish
its Legislature and take possession of its govern-
ment, if they had gone there for the palpable work
of treason,genuine treason, and the Governors of
those States had volunteered to help hang the
men, what would you have said of them ? Would
you not have said itwas unutterably shameless to
muster the military force of these great States to
aid another State execute its justice upon twenty-
two culputs? I do not speak of it now to com-
plain of these States; but I speak of it as an an-
swer to the asseition made here that we did not
come up to the rcquirementsof the Constitution;
that we, as political communities, did less than
the Constitution demanded at our hands in de-
fense of this southern slavery.
I want tocremind you of another thing that
happened in*this same connection. There was
an investigation instituted here in theSenate about
this raid. There was a man, my namesake, living
in the city of Boston. 1 have known of him as
all Senatois have known of him as being en-
gaged in every good work, a patriot and a phi-
lanthropist, and a benevolent man. He was no
relative of mine. If he had not run away I should
wish that he was; but he actually left the coun-
try—as the papers said and I believe it to bo true
—he fled beyond the protection of the Constitu-
tion of the United States and beyond the protec-
tion of its flag for fear he might be involved in
some suspicion of having been an ally of John
Brown and his twenty-one compatriots; know-
ing as he did how relentless was the Government
of the United States in punishing every exhibi-
tion of infidelity to the law of slavery; knowing
as he did that in the penal code of this Govern-
ment an offense against slavery was the only of-
fense which could notand would not be tolerated.
And yet you tell us we have been false to our
constitutional obligations to slavery.
But we have been accused of passing certain
laws in the several States calculated to impede the
ex( cution of the fugitive slave law or some other
law—personal liberty laws they are called. Weil,
sir, we have passed such laws. We had a right
under the Constitution to pass them, or we had no
right. I f we had the right to pass them under the
Constitution, nobody outside of'our several &a£e?
has any right to complain; but if we had no right
to pass them, the laws are good for nothing, cut
let me say here that every representative of Ken-
tucky in her Legislature is amenable for what he
does or omits to do only to his God and to his
constituents in that State,and he is not amenable
to the State of Wisconsin or to the people of Wis-
consin for what h'e does or for what he omits to
do; and the reverse of the rule is just as true.
Whenever we pass a law which impairs or in-
fringes the constitutional right of a citizen of Ken-
tucky, you know it is not worth the paper on
which it is written;itis invalid,itis null and void,
and gives you no right to complain whatever. It
may show that the public sentiment in Wiscon-
sin is a little disordered, but it can have no other
effect.
But remember this revolt is not against the
government of the States; it is against the Gov-
ernment of the United States. They did not un-
dertake to overthrow the government of any of
the individual States; they did not propose to do
it, butsimply theGovernmentofthe United States,
and the Government of the United States never
passed anypersonallibortylaws. Butthosemen
who went out from here to make this rebellion
told you that the personal liberty laws had never
done any hurt and were not the cause of com-
plaint.
Mr. President, what had we done or what had
we said to give occasion for this revolt? The form
of the Government was as peifect as they could
make it. Theadmimstration of the Government
had been just what they chose to make it. There
had been no act of which they could complain.
What words had we uttered of which they could
complain? The President of the United States,
coming into office on the 4th of March, 18G1,
threatened everywhere with revolt, with war,
finding himself surrounded by menace in every
direction—what language did he employ toward
the insurgents? I desired to read one passage
from the inaugural address of the President, of the
United States, which I thought! had in this vol-
ume of the Globe, but I do not see it, and 1 can-
not ropeat it, and I must let it pass. Sir, you re-
memberand I remember the language used by the
President of the United States who was called
upon to encounter the first effort at revolt against
the authority of the United States and to break
up the Union of these States. His spooch was
very brief, but it was very emphatic. He said:
" By the Eternal, the Union shall be preserved;"
and itwas. He did not try to palliate, to cxcuse,
or to extenuate. He set himself up before the
world as the representative of the people of the
United States, and he said that every man in and
outside of the United States must respect that
authority.
The language we employed in 1861 was milder
than that. The threats and the taunts and the
insults have all come from the insuigents, and
none from the authorities against which they re-
volted. Let me read to you an extiact from the
language of one of the Senators from a revolting
State. He had not then left the Senate Chamber.
He was still in your^mplov, still under your pay.
Speaking of an event which had transpired ashort
time before,and which had touched the sensibili-
ties of every loyal citizen of the United States, he,
here in this Senate Chamber, in the presence of
the representatives of the American people, em-
ployed this singular language:
" The Star of the VVe^t swa^ered into Charleston har-
bor, received a blow planted full in the face audswaggered
out. Your flag lias been insulted; redress it if > ou dare.
You have submitted to it for two months, and you will sub
niit to it forever."
The Government having done no act against
which complaintcould be made, having spoken no
word that was not spoken in kindness, here was
a rebellion mustered, then having gathered head
in eight States; here was a man in your council
chamber preparing to join it, daring you to as-
sert the authority of the people, telling you that
your flag had been insulted, and that you dared
not resent it; a rebel right here in your presence
in this Senate Chamber. I remember that De
duincey, in some essay of his, treated murder as
one of the fine arts, i want to sec the essayist
