1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Court of Claims. This motion is made after the
Senate have directed by special resolution the com-
mittee to take cognizance of it, and the motion is,
in fact, to reverse the action of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have but one sugges-
tion to make on this case. When the resolution
referred to was offered by the Senator from New
Hampshire, in a modest way I suggested as an
objection to it that the petition itself showed that
the claim properly belonged to the Court of
Claims; but that objection was not supported by
any other Senator, and by almost a unanimous
vote of the Senate the resolution was adopted, and
by the adoption of that resolution, as I read the
law on this subject, the Senate assumed jurisdic-
tion of the case and has jurisdiction. The exclu-
sive jurisdiction before might have been in the
Court of Claims-, but the law makes the adoption
of that resolution operate to confer jurisdiction
upon the Senate. There is therefore now no ques-
tion of the jurisdiction, the Senate having assumed
it in that formal way. The Committee on Claims
has examined this case, found the claim to be
right, and reported the bill to the Senate, and I
now submit to the Senator from Connecticut it is
too late to raise the question of jurisdiction. That
point ought to have been made when the Senator
from New Hampshire presented his resolution.
I attempted, as 1 have said, in a modest way to
raise the objection; but the Senate did not agree
to the view that I suggested, but said, "Although
this claim grows out of a contract, the Senate will
examine it and decide it." The Committee on
Claims has examined its merits and decided that
it ought to be allowed. Now, I submit it is too
late for the Senator to raise the question of juris-
diction, but we ought to act upon the bill. Such
cases, I am free to say, ought to go to the Court
of Claims; but after we have adopted a lesolution
such as was adopted in this case, I think under
the law wc have exclusive jurisdiction of the case.
It is not concurrent any longer, and it is not ex-
clusive with the Court of Claims, but is exclusive
with the Senate, in my judgment, and I am in
favor of the bill.
As one member of the Committee on Claims
I voted for the bill upon just this ground: that
the contractor agreed to furnish wagons to be ap-
proved by an inspector selected by the quarter-
master's department of the Government; he man-
ufactured the wagons; and at the place designated
in the contract they were examined, and exam-
ined before they were painted, and examined by
the proper officer; and,as I understand the case,
there is not the least evidence that there was col-
lusion between the officer making the inspection
and the contractor. The inspection was made;
the wagons were received by the proper person
selected by the Govcrnmentfor thatpurposc; and
I cannot agree that when these wagons had been
thus received by the Government and sent for the
Government use several hundred miles away,
Captain Sawtelle, or any Qther person,be he ever
so excellent an officer, should, without having
any jurisdiction of the question, without having
any right to inspect again, undertake to bay that
these wagons should not be received, and at a
great distance from the man's home that they
should be thrown upon his hands, not according
to the contract, not according to his agreement
with the Government, but long after he had com-
plied with every stipulation in his contract, and
after the Government's own officer had agreed to
receive the wagons. I think it would not be just
toward the man to do it. In the absence of fraud,
I think we ought to stand by the inspection which
was made pursuant to the contract. There is no
evidence of fraud or collusion.
Mr. FOSTER, in respect to the allusion made
by the honorable Senator from Indiana to the res-
olution passed by the Senate to which he said lie
modestly objected, I can only say that it passed
the Senate inadvertently so far as 1 was concerned.
1 have no recollection of any such resolution, nor
do I believe if was a subject to which the atten-
tion of Senators was called. We know how such
matters ordinarily are, where the chairman of a
committee, and especially a chairman in whom
we all have so much confidence as we have in the
chairman of the Committee on Claims 
Mr. CLARK. The Senator is mistaken; my
colleague offered the resolution, not I.
Mr. FOSTER. But if it had the sanction of
the committee in any manner, it would pass al-
most as a matter of course, where it was only to
allow a claim to be examined I can hardly think
that the sense of the Senate was expressed upon
the resolution in any such way as that we should
not now be at liberty to pass upon the question
de novo. If there be, however, I would offer in-
stead of my original motion, the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That in accordance with the 29th rule of the
Senate, the bill of the Senate numbered ninety-two, for the
relief of Albert Brown, together with the reports and papers
belonging to the same, be referred to the Court of Claims.
I wish that the latter clause of the 29th rule
may be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
II That whenever a private bill is under consideration, it
shall be in older to move as a substitute for it a resolution
of the Senate refemng the case to the Court of Claims."
Mr. FOSTER. Ifthcre be any such difficulty
as was suggested by the honorable Senator from
Indiana, this meets the case, because it applies to
a bill reported from a committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On that point, as to the
question of order whether this resolution now pro-
posed by theS|natorfrom Connecticut is in order,
I have to suggest that the resolution offered by
the Senator from New Hampshire was adopted,
and it has a certain force given to it by law. The
law of hist year says that by the passage of such
a resolution the Senate shall acquire jurisdiction
of the claim. Now, 1 submit that a rule of the
Senate passed before the adoption of that law can-
not change the effect or force of the resolution
which was adopted bvthe Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chaircan have
no doubt that the motion submitted by the Senator
from Connecticut is in order, because it is clearly
appropriate for the Senate to direct a committee
to examine a claim; but whatever may be the
sense of the committee after that examination is
made, the Senate may then refer it to the Court
of Claims. That examination cannot be conclu-
sive upon the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. There can be no doubt, sir,
of the jurisdiction of the Senate in tins matter, if
they choose to exercise it; nor of the fact that the
resolution offered by the honorable Senator from
Connecticut is in oider; but I have only a single
remaik to make, for I am very anxious to come
to a vote on the question and get to other busi-
ness. While the Court of Claims is established
properly to take cognizance of cases of this char-
acter, yet whcie a claim is clearly one of great
justice, and where hardship accompanies it, it is
very hard indeed to send the parties to it before
the Court of Claims, there to employ counsel and
fritter it away in prosecuting it against the Gov-
ernment.
I do not undertake to enter this discussion by
saying that this claim has character, although it
is claimed for it by the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Claims, in whom the Senate un-
doubtedly has great confidence. I am prepared,
under his direction, by his advice, to vote upon
this question,and I hope we shall come to a vote,
first upon the resolution offered by the Senator
from Connecticut, and then, if that be not adopted,
upon the bill itself, and get rid of it.
Mr. HOWE. I did not intend to take any fur-
ther part in this debate, and would not but for a
remark that was dropped by the Senator from
Oregon to the effect that the committee had done
more to prosecute an attack upon the department
of the Quartermaster General than to maintain
the claim of Mr. Brown. I think I may say that
the committee had no design whatever to attack
the Quartermaster General or to attack Captain
Sawtelle. It is known to me that the author of
the leport which accompanies this bill had never
seen either Captain Sawtelle or Mr. Brown, had
not the slightest prejudice against them, nor the
slightest prepossession in favor of either of them;
and if the Senator from Oregon or any one else
will take the pains to look at the report he will
sec but little in it except a summing up of the evi-
dence which was befoie the committee.
There had been two certificates of inspection
presented to the committee; one was by Mr. Pat-
ten, who was appointed by the Government espe-
cially to inspect the wagons, the other was by
Captain Sawtelle, who had no authority what-
ever to inspect them. The committee had both
of these certificates befoie them. There was evi-
dence in the case maintaining the good character
of Mr. Patten; there was no evidence whatever
upon the character of Mr. Sawtelle, and that fact
was noticed in the report. It was said by the
committee that there was evidence establishing
the good character of Mr. Patten, but there was
no such evidence m reference to the character of
Mr. Sawtelle. That is all. The committee did
riot say that there was any evidence there im-
peaching the character of Mr. Sa-wtelle,and they
did not say it themselves.
There was this fact: that a mechanic had fur-
nished one hundred Army wagons to the Gov-
ernment, and the Quartermaster General had so
contrived that the Government had received no
benefit from those wagons. They were not used.
The mechanic who made them had lost them.
The Government had seen fit to take no benefit
whatever from them; and the committee thought
upon the question of law that the Government
was absolutely'compelied to pay for the wagons
whether they were good for anything or not.
They were compelled to pay for the wagons.as a
matter of law, because the contract was complete,
as^rnuch so, as I said the other day, as if the in-
dividual held the Government's bond for thd
amount. The committee thought, at least I did,
that it was a singular administration of the de-
partment from which that result followed.
The Senator from Oregon has read one of the
certificates of inspection furnished by Captain
Sawtelle. He has not read the other. Both of
those certificates were before the committee, and
they examined them. The report shows that they
were both there. Both of these inspections show
that the wagons differed from the wagons pro-
vided for in the contract; but the difference be-
tween either of these inspections and the specifi-
cations in the contract is not gi eater than is the
difference between the two inspections themselves.
This same inspector, Captain Sawtelle, furnishes
two certificates of inspection, and the two differ
as much from each otlier as either does from the
specifications of the contract.
And now I want to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the explanation which Captain Sawreile
gives of having these two inspections. Here is
his letter, written on the 7th of September, 18G1,
to the Quartermaster General:
"Mr. A. Brown has just showed me a copy of his con-
tract with Major Miller, nfihequaiteriuaster's department,
for Army wagons. The specifications shown me by Mr.
Brown differed from those lunu&hed me from your officc
m the following particulars, namely: that the hubs are to
be of elm instead of gum; and that the spokes and the fel-
loes shall he yellow oak ins-toad of white oak."
There is the difference between the specifica-
tions in the contract which Brown made, and the
specifications which Sawtelle says he had before
him when he made the first inspection. And now
neither of his inspections shows what wood the
hubs were made of, or what wood the spokes
were made of, but this is the reason why he makes
the second inspection. He goes on:
"Mr. Ktown aNo shows me a copyof a letter from your
office, directing hnn to send all the wagons contracted for
with hint (one bundled) to me. I have only been informed
from your office that foity wagons arc to be delivered here
by Mr. Biown. The inspection of Mr. Brown's wagons
(fir-it forty received) was made prior to the receipt by me of
a copyof the specifications Horn your office, and in the
inspection and report I was governed by the old specifica-
tion lor Army wagon?.
" I shall have made and furnished you as soon as prac-
ticable a now inspection-report on Mr. Brown's wagons,
agieting Willi the copy iunushed me Iroin your office. I
am Minified that the M\ty wagons now iiere, not yet un-
loaded, a-< well as the forty received last month, arc entirely
unfit for Government service."
Forty wagons had been received and inspected,
and he had furnished the certificate. Sixty wag-
ons had come there, but were not unloaded, and
Captain Sawtelle, without any inspection, with-
out seeing them thrown off the cars, notifies the
Quartermaster General in advance that he is sat-
isfied that tlicy are entirely unfit for the Govern-
ment service. They might have been so, but he
was satisfied of it without any evidence!
Mr. Piesident, the Senator from Connecticut
insists that this question ought to go to the Court
of Claims. He says the law so provides. He
has been lepeatcdly reminded that the law only
provides that such claims shall go there unless
the Senate or the House of Representatives, to
whichever body the claim is presented, otherwise
direct. He has been repeatedly reminded that
the Senate lias twice otherwise directed. The
first time it sent it, not to the Court of Claims,
l>s t to the Committee on Claims, and when they
