THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirtt-Eightii Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1864.
New Series*....No. 17J.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say to the gentleman
from Iowa that we have already accomplished
the object he seeks to accomplish.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; it is only partially
accomplished. I prefer the bill as modified to the
section as originally reported, butachange should
be further made from four cents to three cents.
I withdraw the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WARD. I move the following amend-
ment:
Page 19, line eighty-eight, after the words " ad valorem"
add:
Provided, That no higher rate of duty than filial! be equal
to 40 par cent, ad valorem shall be levied upon any descrip-
tion of ladies'dress goods ol whatever materials composed,
except silk goods in the piece,
Mr. Chairman, 1 do not propose to discuss this
amendment, because the discussion already had
substantially embraces what I had to say on it.
My main object is to get a vote of the House.
Mr. MORRILL, i will not discuss the ques-
tion; but I will say that the House having already
voted down almost the identical proposition, I
hope it will be voted down again in this instance.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. I call the attention of the
gentlemfn from Vermont to the section which has
just been read. It is provided that forty per cent,
shall be paid on all oil-cloths other than those men-
tioned m this paragraph. It then provides thirty
cents on all oil-cloths.
Mr. MORRILL. I thank the gentleman for call-
ing my attention to it. 1 move to insert after"fifty
cents" the words "or less;" so that it will read:
On oil-cloths for floors, stamped, painted, or printed, val-
ued at 50 cents or less per square yard, 30 per cent, ad va-
lorem; valued at over 60 cents per square yaid, and on ail
other oil-cloth, 40 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WARD. I move the following amend-
ment:
Page 21, lino fifiy-s<*ven, after the woids " ad valorem"
add:
Provided, That no cotton goods in the piece, of any de-
scription, whether bleached, unbleached, printed^colored,
or stained, shall pay any higher rate of duty than shall be
equal to 40 per cent, ad valoiem, the specific and ad va-
lorem duties hereinbefore stated tcf the contiary notwith-
standing.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is in the same
direction as those I have already submitted; and
whatever may be the action of the committee, I
feel it to be my duty to present the amendment,
and to explain the effect of the section.
Now,sir, the specific duty of 1| cents persquare
yard is raised Ho 5 cents on low and medium
priced unbleached cottons. Thus, on an article
costing pence sterling, or about 5 cents the run-
ning yard, the percentage of duty is raised from
16 to 65 in gold, or 123 in currency, being a much
higher duty than on expensive dress goods, and
amounting to the prohibition of all importations
of goods costing less than 5 pence sterling, or
about 10 cents.
The increase on low-priced goods is enormous.
The higher-priced kinds of colored cottons,cost-
ing over 16 cents per square yard, paid under the
tariff of 1863 35 per cent, duty, but are by the
present project subjected to a duty of from 42 to
50 per ccnt. in gold, or from 80 to 95 per cent, in
currency. *
When the cotton cloth is colored or printed, and
over 100 but less than 140 threads to the square
inch, the duty is raised from 3^ cents per square
yard and 10 per cent, ad valorem to 5 J cents a square
yard and 15 per cent, ad valorem. On an article
costing 3 pence sterling, or about 6 cents, the duty
would be equal to 76 per cent, in gold, or 145 per
cent, in currency. Under the tariff of 1863 it was
49 per cent, in gold.
I bring these points to the attention of the com-
mittee to show that this instead of being a tariff
for revenue is a prohibitory tariff. It will cause
the tariff to fall off seriously. My amendment
will help to cure that defect, and I hope that it
will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I know that the House will
be tired of hearing the aame argument over and
171
over again; but when the same proposition comes
up, if the argument is atrue one it has to be used
if anything is proper to be said at all.
Mr. Chairman, under a normal state of things
the ordinary manufacture of cottons required no
protection in this country. But this Congress
has imposeda duty of two cents perpound on all
cotton, whether imported or the production of our
own country. We have also imposed a duty of
five per cent, on manufactured cotton goods.
Now on cotton goods brought into the country
there is no internal tax; and our whole cotton
manufacture would be revolutionized unless we
made some change m the tariff. In a fair field
our common cotton goods ask no favor. I think
that the change proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means is a just one. I do notexpect
that it will increase the price of fabrics or therev-
enue to any great extent. Our people who man-
ufactured heretofore will continue to manufacture
them—that is, they will not be destroyed by our
taxes—and so far as they have been imported they
will be imported still. . I hope the amendment
will not be adopted..
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. On page 20,'in the following
clause—
On all manufactures of cotton, (except jeans, denim5!,
drilling?, bi'd tickings, ginghams, plaids, eottomuies, pan- |
taloon ctuff, and goods of like d-'-eriptinn.) not bleached,
coloied. stained, panned, or printed, and not exceeding one
hundred threads to the square inch, counting thuwaip
and filling,and e.\ceedmg in woiglitfivg ounee?. pet tquaie
yaid, 5 centc per squme\aid; if bleached, f>J- emit-, per
squarey.ird ; il'colored, stained, painted,oi printed,5J cents
per square yard, and in addition thereto 10 per cent, ad
valorem—-
I move to strike out the woids "and in additioJl \
thereto ten per cent, ad valorem
It will be observed that a duty of 5j cents per
square yard, and an additional duty of 10 per
cent. ad.valorem) is imposed upon the lower qual-
ity of cotton manufactures, unbleached and un-
printed,the common fabric made use of by the
common and poorer class of citizens. This duly
exceeds 60 per cent,, perhaps reaches G5 per cent.,
of the original cost of the fabric. Indeed, I am
not certain that it does not exceed 100 pe  cent.
These low grides of cotton goods did not cost to
exceed 6 or 7 cents a yard before the imposition
of the tariff of 1861. Now the duty is made 5
cents per square yard, in addition to a duty of
10 per cent, ad valorem. It seems to me that in
that we are imposing an unreasonable burden
upon the laborers of the country. It will be ob-
seived that by the same section the duty im-
posed upon the higher grade of cotton goods,
the more expensive and valuable grades, is only
35 per cent, ad valorem, while cei tamly, at the low-
est estimate, 60 per cent, duty is imposed upon
those cheaper fabrics which are m common use
by the laboring classes of men throughout the
entire country.
If this bill is intended for purposes of revenue,
it ought at least to be so framed as not to fall
heavily upon the labor of the country; m other
words, wealth, and not the labor of the country,
ought to pay the taxes. The laborers, the real j
producers, whose wages have not advanced any- j
thing like the advance in the price of commodi- j
ties, ought not now to be subject to severe and |
heavy taxation. I am aware that this bill has i
been framed with a view to its passage. I prcjr j
sume it will be passed; and I presume, whether j
intended or not, the labor of the country will I
bear a burden which it never before has borne, |
and that, too, at a time when it ought to be pe- !
culiarly favored. We are inviting from abroad, |
by a liberal policy, persons from the Old World j
for the purpose of filling the places ofthose whom i
we have sent into the field to fight our battles. A j
large number of this latter class are made poorer ;
by the result of their service m behalf of the j
country; and many thousands of them must soon ;
resume their ordinary pursuits of life; and it |
seems to me exceedingly unwise, inasmuch as it j
is upon this element of labor that the prospetity j
of tne country now rests, to subject it to a. dis- i
proportionate amount of taxation. I repeat, the
tax should fall upon the wealth of the country,
and not upon the labor,
Mr. MORRILL. My friend from Indiana
would defeat the very purpose of his argument
if his amendment should succeed. It will be ob-
served that we have levied a duty upon unbleached
goods at one rate, when they are bleached afc
another and higher rate, and when they are col-
ored, stained, or printed at the highest specific
rate, adding thereto 10 per cent, ad valorem.
Now, take goods which cost 5 or 6 cents per yard
across the water, and a duty of 10 per cent, ad
valorem would only amount to one half a cent;
but if they cost 20 cents a yard, the 10 per cent.
ad valorem would be 2 cents per yard. So if the
gentleman's motion should carry the very object
he has in view would be defeated. I trust it will
not be carried.
Mr. HOLMAN. With that view of the mat-
ter, though I do not concur in it, I will withdraw
my amendment and move to strike out the words
"five cents'1 where they first occur in the clause^
which I have read, and insert " three cents."
This five cents per square yard would be impos-
ing upon this species of cotton goods just about
one half the amount which the article would have
cost under the tariff of 1861. The'se fabrics, I
suppose, cost about six cents a yard, and this
amendment reduces the amount two cents. Fix-
ing the tax at two or tlnee cents per yaid would
impose a lax equal to one half the cost pnor to
the tariff of 1861. It may be true and it is hue
that upon this lower grade of cotton goods an ad
valorem duty of ]U per cent, is small, and as the
value increases of course the duty increases.
But here is an aitide that originally costs 6
ccnts and it is proposed to tax it 5 cents, which
would amount to a tax of 50 per cent.; add the
ad valorem duty of 10 per cent., and it makes a
tax of 60 per cent, upon these cheap fabrics,
which constitute the clothing of the laboring
classes of the country, while the more valuable
cotton fabrics pay only a duty of 5 per cent.
This is a dr«cnmination against tne laboring
classes, and in favorof the wealth of the country.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 beg I he pardon of the House
for having to jepeat myself so often. If my friend
from Indiana had listened to mo yesterday, per-
haps he would,not have, made this motion. I do
not blame him for not listening, because it is not
a very interesting subject; but the gentleman must
bear in mind J.hat these cottons have vastly in-
creased in price in consequence of the increase of
the price of cotton throughout the world. Cotton
goods that even a year ago brought 10 cents a
yaid now bring fiorn 40 to 45 cents a yard. We
levy an internal duty, which, at 5 per cent, ad
valorem, amounts to 2 cents and 2 mills a yard on
such goods, and we have then Jevied a duty on
the raw cotion of 2 cents per pound, or upon the
goods consumed from f of a cent to a cent more,
i trust the amendment will not prevail.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. On page 24, line twelve, 1
move to insert before the woid " silks" the words
" dress and piece;" so that the clause will read:
On all dress and piece silks, ribbons, and silk velvets,
or velvets of which mIIc is the component material of chief
value, 60 pur cent, ad valorem. On silk vestings, ponges,
shawls, scarfs, mantilla*, pelerines, handkerchiefs, vails,
bonnets, hats, cap-*, turbans, chemisettes, ho-se, mitts,
apt ous, stockings glovus, suspenders, watch chains, web*
bing, biaids, lunge--, galloon*, tassel tmiges, lace cords,
and trimmings, GU per cent, ad valoiem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend that para-
graph by stiiking out " 60 per cent." and insert-
ing " 80 per cent.;" and I call for tellers on that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messis. Wilson and
Holman weie appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 13, noes 6^; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the para-
graph by sinking out " 60 per cent." and insert-
ing " 100 per cent." It will be observed that the
