1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
UT
38TH C0NG....1ST SESS.
Amendment of the Constitution—Mr. Howe.
which had seceded. Bat this is not all the evi-
dence i have that secession is not the end aimed
at, but only a means to the end, which end is the
conquest of your Government, the subjugation
of it to slavery and to slaveholding. The very
first, act of war was an attempt at conquest. The
very first guu that was fired at your flag was fired
at it as it floated from one of your own vessels in
one of your harbors, g'oing to feed one of your
ot/n garrisons. Was that to vindicate the inde-
pendence of the seceded States ? Was that to en-
able them to be let alone?
If it were true that the ordinance of secession
adopted by South Carolina made her an inde-
pendent State, it certainly could not have trans-
ferred to her any of the forts of the United States
any more than it could have transferred the forts
of Mexico. Or if it did transfer our forts it could
not have transferred our troops.
But the next step of the seceders was an actof
conquest. The bombardment opened upon one
of your own forts, built upon land which you had
purchased and paid for, arid exclusive jurisdic-
tion of which Bad been ceded to yourGovernment,
on which you had planted a fort with your own
money, which was occupied by your troops, over
which your flag floated. It was an attempt at
subjugation as palpable and as unmistakable when
th.a bombardment opened upon Fort Sumter as if
it had been opened upon any one of the forts in
the harbor of New York or of Boston.
Tlieie is another reason for believing that what
I have assorted of the aim of the rebels is true,
ft is part of the terribly sad history of those times
that your President elect came into this city prior
to his inauguration in the night time; and for what
purpose? To avoid assassination. As I under-
stand the evidence, if he had come through upon
the regular tram in which he was appointed to
come, this great drama would have opened with
the assassination of the President of the United
States, i understand that fact is established be-
yond doubt. I know it was alluded to by rebel
Senators on this floor; and the President was
sniffed at for having taken steps to save the re-
bellion from the one act that could possibly have
added to its guilt—the act of assassination. I take
it, it will not be said that the assassination of Pres-
ident Lincoln was made necessary to secure the
independence of the seceded States. By no man-
ner of means; but it was one step toward the sub-
jugation of the United States. That it would not
nave gone very far toward subjugating these
States, you and I may well believe; but it is very
certain that if the seceders had been willing the
non-seceding States should exist at all as an in-
dependent republic, they would have allowed
us a President. The assassins who gathered
about the path of your President it is very mani-
fest were only a part of the monstrous brood who
for years had plotted against the life of your Re-
public.
Mr. President, if there were any evidence re-
quired or could be any adduced to show the
groundlessness of this rebellion more than I have
adduced, it may be found perhaps in the fact that it
is really to-day a matter of dispute not only as to
what caused the rebellion, but as to where it ori-
ginated; and if any evidence could be produced,
or any could be required more than I have already
adduced, that the purpose of the rebellion was to
crush out an opinion, and not to correct oppres-
sion, it may be found in the fact that the advo-
cates, or the apologists of the rebellion, as often
tell you that it originated in Massachusetts as that
it originated in South Carolina. You hear it as-
serted over and over again that the rebellion ori-
ginated in Massachusetts, or in New England.
As to the mere matter of fact, I am inclined to
think it did originate in Massachusetts, and not in
South Carolina. 1 do think it originated in the
State of Massachusetts,but I do not hold the whole
State of Massachusetts responsible forit. I think
the town of Westboro^if 1 remember the name of
the place, is peculiarly responsible,forif the town
of Westboro* never had given birth to Eli Whit-
ney we probably never should have had this re-
bellion; but Westboro'didgivebirthto Eli Whit-
ney, and the mischief did not stop there. Eli
Whrtney- invented the cotton-gin, and the cotton-
gin manufactured the rebellion agreat many years
afterwards. I state this upon authority, judicial
authority. Letme read it. Mr. Justice Johnson,
in the circuit court of the United States for the
district of Georgia, delivered the opinion of the
court in 1807, in a case between Whitney and an
alleged infringer of his patent, in which he said:
" The cotton plant furnished clothing to mankind before
the age of Herodotus. The green seed is a species much
more pioductive than the black, and by nature adapted to
a much greatei variety of climate. But by reason of the
stiong adherence of the fiber to the seed, without the aid
ol some more powerful machine lor separating it than any
formetiy known among us, the cultivation of it would
never have been made an object. The machine of which
Mr. Whitney'claims the invention so facilitates the prep-
aiation o( this species for u e, that the cultivation of it
has suddenly become an objectof infinitely greater national
importance than that of the other species ever can be. Is
it then to be imagined thai if ihis machine had been before
discovered, the u^e of it would over have been lost, or
could have been confined to any tiact or country left un-
exploied by commercial entei prise ? But itis unnecessary
to icnmik further upon this subject. A number of years
have elapsed since Mr. Whitney took out his patent, and
no one has pioduced or pretended to prove the existence
of a machine of similar construction or u&c.
"2. With regard to the utility of this discovery, the court
would deem it a waste of time to dwell long upon this
topic. Is there a man who hears us who lias not expe-
rienced its utility? The whole interior of the southern
States was languishing, and its inhabitants emigrating for
want of some object to engage their attention and employ
their industry, when tlie invention of this machine at once
opened views to them which set the whole country in
active motion. Fiom childhood to age it has presented to
us a lucrative employment. Individuals who were de-
pressed with poverty and sunk in idleness have suddenly
risen to wealth and respectability. Our debts have been
paid oif, our capitals have incieased, and our lands trebled
themselves in value. We cannot express the weight of
the obligation which the country owes to this invention.
The extent of it cannot now be seen. Some faint pre-
sentiment may be formed from the reflection that cotton
is rapidly supplanting wool, flax, silk, and even fuis in
manufacturer, and may one clay pioliubly supply the use
of specie in our Ea*t India trade. Our sister Suites, also,
paiticipate in the benefits of this invention; for besides
ahoidmg the raw material for their manufacturers, the
bulkineas and quantity of the article afford a valuable em-
•ployment lor their shipping."
There you have upon the authority of Mr. Jus-
tice Johnson the evidence of what slavery was,
what the condition of those States was when Eh
Whitney invented the cotton-gnu They were
abandoning the southern States instead of looking
forth to the conquest of these greatnorthern States.
They were fleeing to us from starvation, fleeing
to us for employment; but El i Whitney came and
he inventedthecotton-gin,and thenceforth, while
it had before taken the labor of one man for a day
to clean the seed from one pound of cotton, one
man was found sufficient to clean the seed from
three hundred weight of cotton in a day. The
cultivation of cotton became the most profitable
culture ni the woild; and on the eve of this rebel-
lion you were furnished with another kind of tes-
timony as to tho progress that culture had made
between the time of the invention of the cotton-
gin and the time of the invention of the rebellion.
A Senator speaking to you here m this Chamber,
for which you paid him, but speaking in the inter-
est of the rebellion—I tend from the remarks of a
late Senator from Texas, (Mr. Wigfall)—said to
you:
"We will have peace; and if you do not oflei it to us we
will quietly, ond a  we have the ii£,ht under the eon-tiiu-
aonnj compact to do, wahdtaw from the Union and estab-
lish a government for ourselves; and if you then persist m
j our aggies^ions, we will leave it to tho ultima ratio rcgum,
' and the sovereign States will settle tnat question
" 4 Where the battle's wiecfc lies thickest
And death's biief pang is quickest.5
"And when you laugh attiie;e impotent threats, as you
regaul them, I tell you that cotton is king !"
After several interruptions the same Senator
went on to say:
"Then, sir, tor the third or fourth time—ami I trust tliat
I may be permitted to go on—I say that cotton is king, and
that lie waves his scepter not only over these Unity-three
States, but over tlie island of Great Britain and over conti-
nental Europe, and that there is no crowned head upon
that island or upon tlie Continent that does not bend tlie
knee in fealty and acknowledged allegiance to that mon-
arch.5'— Congressional Globe, 'IImty-Liixth Congi ess, sec-
ond session, p. 73.
The cotton-gin, invented in Massachusetts  
Mr. DAVIS. New York. Whitney lived in
New York.
Mr. HOWE. I think theinvention wasactually
made in Connecticut; but no matter about that,
we can settle that hereafter; we can settle it when
the next rebellion comes on. The inventor was
a Massachusetts man, anyhow. It transformed
i cotton fiom a mcndicant, in the language of Judge
Johnson, to a king,in the language of Mr. Wig-
fall, a late Senator from Texas. He told you aritf
others told you that they were exporting |250,-'
000,000 annually of this product, 'cotton. They
had grown immensely weaithy by it. They owned
as 1 have told you one fourth of the whole as-
sessed value of the United States in i860. Thfey
had invested one fourth of the whole assessed
value of the United States in slave labor, and this,
besides nearly all the other personaland real prop-
erty in the South, was massed hrthe handa of
about four hundred thousandslaveholders. They
really believed that they could command, could
control the wliole twenty-six million of white
people in the United States; and the question' to-
day is whether they shall control them or whether
the people shall control themselves.. That is the
question; there is no other. Remember, if you
are beaten in this contest, yon are the subjects,
the serfs of the men who own the four million
slaves; there is no cscape from it. If you whip
them they are your equals. You never can re-
duce them to anything below American citizens,
because you are bound by the Constitution. You
may reduce them to the grave, I linow, through
the instrumentality of tire halter, and 1 trust you
will not overlook that authority, but those whom
you save from the halter must be citizens of the
United States, and the question'is whether, you
will maintain your position of equality with them,
or whether you will allow yourselves to bo in-
duced to their instruments and their serfs.
This is tho issue; and yetl hear it said on every
hand that we ought to compromise with them,
ought to make some sort of terms with them. I
protest against it. It is said we might have com-
promised with them and saved this war. I deny
it as a matter of fact, but I spurn tin: idea if it
were ever so true. Compromise with them; how?
YourGovernment was organized for the purpose
of allowing the American people to make such
laws as they chose to have; the American opin-
ion, as I have told you before, was to be the su-
preme law. It was dethroned a gn at many yeui'a
ago, and you have not been governed for the last
twenty years by American opinion; you have
been governed by bluster, by threats,by menace.
Undoubtedly, in 1861, if your President had called
the Legislature together, and you had written such
laws and made such amendments to the Constitu-
tion as the rebels saw fit to dictate to you, they
would not have fought you. As long as you
would do as you were told to do, there could be
no reason for fighting you; but,.sir, when you
allow a battery to be planted on the banks of the
Potomac or tlie banks of the Ashley river to dic-
tate your legislation to you, and you make youi
laws and your constitutions so as to prevent thai
battery from opening fire on you, you are a slave,
you are not a free man. When you come to maka
your laws not to suit yourselves but. to suit others,
when you come to vote not as your judgments but
as your fears persuade you, it will be but a very
few days after that before you will begin to dig
potatoes and cultivate cotton for the same reasons.
Such, then, I find to be the cause and the pur-
pose of the rebellion. It was not to secure the
independence of slaveholders, but to subject you
to abject dependence upon slaveholders. It was
not to build a new capitol for a new government,
but to place a new government in possession of
your Capitol. It was not to frame a new consti-
tution for a new republic, but it was to impose a
new constitution upon the Republic oftheUnited
States. It was not to secure toleration for slavery
within the seceding States, but to compel the adop-
tion of slavery by the nation. If the cotton-gin
had not been invented slaveholding would not
have been profitable. If slaveholding had not been
profitable slaveholders would not have been rich.
If slaveholders had not have been rich they would
not have been arrogant. If they had not been ar-
rogant four hundred thousand slaveholders would
not have presumed to challenge dominion over
twenty million freemen. Slavery without the
cotton-gin would have been a monster wrong, but
it would not have been dangerous to the Republic.
The cotton-gin without slavery would have been
of twice the value it has'been and still would 'not
have been dangerous to any one. Together they
have proved fatal to the peace of the nation. I do
not advise to destroy them both. 1 advise that
