2722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
question is what duty shall be imposed on costly
materials, silken goods, silk ribbon, silk velvet,
velvets of all kinds, and other articles, which are
mere articles of luxury. It is pretended that this
is a measure for revenue and not for protection.
When we attempt to reduce the duty of GO or 70
per cent, on the low-priced cotton fabrics, worn
uy the masses of the people, we could not accom-
plish it. I kno>v it may be argued with some de-
gree of propriety that in that case we are afford-
ing protection to manufacturers of cotton goods
in our midst; but here on an article which can bear
a very heavy duty, and the duty on which is to
be paid by the wealth of the country, there being
no interest in this country to protect, gentlemen
shrink from imposing a heavy duty. The women
of the country have taught a lesson to Congress.
They have met together and resolved that tney
will not buy these foreign fabrics; that while so
many of the brave men of the country are sacri-
ficing their lives, and while so many thousands
and tens of thousands are suffering under terrible
wounds in this fearful war they will not indulge
in those luxuries which endanger the very found-
ations of public credit. And yet when gentlemen
from New England come to act upon a tariff bill
for revenue, they do not tax the wealth of the
country. Labor must bear the burdens, notonly
of lighting the battles of the country, but of pay-
ing the taxes. If there were looms at work all
over Neiv England to fabricate these costly shawls
and these costly silks, we should hear a differ-
ent argument before the House; but the gentle-
man who controls the Committee of Ways and
Means, talking about this measure as a war meas-
ure, has allowed all those articles which should
bear the highest duty to escape with but a slight
tax. It ought to bo known, and gentlemen do
know it, that the extravagant habits that are being
adopted through thecouutry are such as that the
importation of these expensive goods, no matter
how high the rate of duty imposed, will still go
on. And yet, according to this bill, whiten duty
of GO per cent, is levied on the material composing
the poor roan's shirt, the lady of wealth and af-
fluence has to pay no higher rate on the costliest
silks and velvets in which she is arrayed. The
wile of the humble laborer pays the same rate of
duty on the poor material she wears as the lady
pays who wears a $700 shawl.
Mr. Chairman, when it comes to the question
of taxation, I am in favor all the tifhe of the in-
terests of labor, and of imposing the burdens of
taxation on ihe wealth of the country, not upon
its industry. By the opposite course you will
aap the foundations of prosperity, impair the in-
dustry of the country, and create a storm of in-
dignation which it will be difficult to allay.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I am sur-
prised, on listening to the eloquence that has burst
forth from my friend from Indiana, that he was
not awake when this other question of taxing
tapestry carpets was before the committee. 1
noticed then that my friend voted in favor of re-
ducing the tax on these luxurious and costly car-
pets that are used only by the wealthy classes;
and now he comes forward and is very eloquent
over a proposition to increase the duty on silk.
While we have provided, Mr. Chairman, for a
specific duty on certain desciiptions of cotton
goods, and then on all other descriptions for an
ad valorem tax of thirty-live per cent., we have
provided m the case of silks, that where they aie
dress silks, velvets, trimmings, bonnets, silk ho-
siery, &c.—articles consumed only by theiich—
they will pay sixty per cent., a higher rate of
duty than has ever been imposed upon them since
the foundation of the Government, and on all
other descriptions of silk fifty per cent. I think
the committee will be satisfied with the proposi-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
llrustthc gentleman fiom Indiana [Mr. Holman]
is satisfied with his speech, and that the bill will
be^ allowed to remain as it stands.
The question being on Mr. Holman's amend-
ment,
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messis. Gkinneli. and Holman.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 18, noes 80.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk proceeded to read the ninth section
of the bill.
Mri' MORRILL. Before proceeding any
further 1 ask, by direction of the Committee of
Ways and Means, to be allowed to report to-mor-
row any other articles that may be recommended
for an' increased 'duty, embracing spices, fruits,
and chemicals, and that they may be inserted in
their appropriate places in the bill. I do not know
thatany of them will come properly into this sec-
tion, but I deem it right to ask this permission
now.
There being no objection, permission was
granted.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to indicate an amend-
ment to which I presume the gentleman who has
charge of the bill will make no objection. I move
to insert in the seventy-second line after the words
"Bohemian glass" the words "black or dark
glass, demijohns, carboys, &c."
Mr. MORRILL. I will suggest to my col-
league on the committee that his amendment is
unnecessary, I think. If he will look to the lat-
ter portion of the paragraph he will see that it
embraces all glass not otherwise provided for.
Mr. FENTON. I had noticed that, but it
struck me there might be some ambiguity as to
the class in which these articles should be placed.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 have no objection to the
gentleman's amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman from Vermont that the seventy-sixth line
to which he refers does not provide for these ar-
ticles. It reads, "and all glass bottles or jars
filled with sweetmeats not otherwise provided
for."
Mr. MORRILL. I refer to the preceding line,
"and all manufactures of glass, or of which glass
shall be a component material, not otherwise
provided for."
Mr. GARFIELD. That may maketheamend-
ment of the gentleman from New York unneces-
sary; but I think it also makes the seventy-sixth
line unnecessary.
Mr. FENTON. That is outside my amend-
Shent. I believe there is no objection to tluit.
Mr. STEVENS. None at all.
Mr. KALBFLE1SCH. I hope the amend-
ment will not prevail. There is no necessity
for it.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I desire to offer
an amendment on the 25th page.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has passed
that, and cannot return without general consent.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I ask unani-
mous consent.
Mr. PRICE. I object.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend in the
tenth section by inserting after the word " zaffre"
the words "terra alba;" arid by striking out at
the end of the paragiaph the words " washing
crystals, twenty per cent, ad valorem."
The section would then read:
First. (-)u annatlo M'ed,extract of annntto, aniline, crude,
bniyles, nitraK! of, cliftstone, eamiined indigo, extract of
salllower, finishing powder, gold Kizu and patent size,
nickel, cobalt, oxyd ol cobalt, smalt, z.dfre, tuul terra alba,
twenty percent, advuloiem.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. TIIAYER. I move to strike from the
eleventh and twelfth lines of the same paragraph
the words " nickel, cobnlt, oxyd of cobalt."
Mr. MORRILL. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that the CommiLtee of
Ways and Means have had permission to add to
this section any articles upon which we may find
tile duties can be properly increased.
Mr. THAYER. That will not interefere with
my amendment, which is to strike out.
. Mr. MORRILL. The whole section, however,
will be open to amendment, and the gentleman
can offer his amendment then.
Mr. THAYER. With that understanding I
will withdraw my amendment at this time.
Mr. COFFRO'f H. I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of taking a recess.
Several Members. Oh, no!
Mr. MORRILL. I am not sure but the com-
mittee ought to use if it is proposed to take a re-
cess, as the vote must be taken upon the motion
before half past four o'clock.
Mr. jvlALLORY. I hope I will be permitted
to say that I hope theie will be no recess to-day.
I hope we shall sit until a reasonable hour, and
then adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL. It is proposed^to finish this
bill to-morrow.
Mr. MALLORY. We can easily do that
without an evening session.
Mr. COFFROTH. I ask for a vote on my
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Schenck reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 494) to increase the du-
ties on imports,and for other purposes, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 469) extending the time for
the completion of the Marquette and Ontonagon
railroad of the State of Michigan; and
An act (H. R. No. 426) to create an additional
supervising inspector of steamboats and two lo-
cal inspectors of steamboats for the collection
district of Memphis, Tennessee, and two local
inspectors for the collection district of Oregon,
and for other purposes.
MICHIGAN CANALS AND HARBORS.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill giving consent to an act of the Legis-
lature of Michigan concerning the construction
of canals and harbors and the improvement of the
same; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
On motion of Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH,
by unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Rollins, of Missouri, for one
week.
PRINTING OF CUIUtENCY BILL.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution, on
which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the bill to
provide a national currency, &c., be printed in pamphlet
form, with marginal notes and an index, for the use of the
House, ;«id two thousand for the use of the Treasury De-
partment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the House take
a recess.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. Morrill's motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at four o'clock and twenty-five
minutes) the House took a recess until seven and
a half o'clock this evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The House, at half past seven o'clock, resumed
its session.
NAVY-YARD AT NEW LONDON, CONNECTICUT.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, presented
the memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of the
city of New York in favor of the establishment
of a navy-yard at New London, Connecticut;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
GRANT OP LANDS TO DAKOTA AND MONTANA.
Mr. JAYNE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill making a grant of lands in alternate
sections to the Territories of Dakota and Mon-
tana to aid in the construction of a railroad in
said Territories; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to submit a motion to
the House m reference to the Senate joint resolu-
tion proposing to the several States an amend-
