1746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
carrying Vallandighnm, an avowed opponent of
the war and its prosecution, as their champion
and leader, and take up i\-lcClc!lan for the Presi-
dency upon the platform of the prosecution of the
war, arid then iet them charge upon the party in
power that they propose to conduct this election
upon the basis of negro suffrage, and no man can
doubt for one moment as to the result, and the
man is blind that does not see it now as well as it
will be seen then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It becomes the
duty of the Chair at this hour to cull up the un-
finished business of yesterday.
Several Senators, (to Mr. Dooixttle.) Goon
Mr SUMNER. What does the Senator wish?
Mr! DOOL1TTLE. Let the regular business
come up. if this bill can go to a committee ot
conference very well, for I do not regard this
question as being: necessarily involved in it
The VICE PRESI DEN'l. The regular busi-
ness of the day is before the Senate, and upon
that question the Senator from Connecticut |Mr.
Foster! is entitled to the floor. I he Chair will,
however, with hi* consent, present some bills
from the House of Representatives for reierence.
HOUSE JBUiM REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred ns indicated
below!
A bill (No. 320) supplementary to an act ap-
proved July 14, 1862, entitled " An act to estab-
lish certain post roads, and for other pin poses —
to the Commute on Post Offices and Post Roads.
A joint insolation (No, 66) setting apart the
old Ilnii of the Hour* of Representatives us a
hall of statuary—to iho Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
TAXATION IN WASHINGTON.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered. That the Secretary request the tlnuse ot Rep-
resentatives'to return to the Senate the message infoimtnt*
the Mouse that the Senate hail agreed to its amendmeii;*
to the mil (S. No. 10.1) to amend at> aef to ' !£'
Inhabitant1- of tin* city oi Wellington, passed May !•>, 1820.
Mr. IIALK submitted u motion to reconsider
the vote on concurring in the amendments of the
House of Representatives to Senate bill No. 126,
and it was entered.
KI5I*13AL 01? FUGITIVK SLAVE LAW.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (3. No. 141) to icpeat all acts for the rendi-
tion of fugitives ftom service or labot, the ques-
tion bciti"" on the passage of the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Ptesidont, for the hill
now before the Senate I shall e;iv« my vote on
its passage with very great pleayute. Its rllect
will be to repeal the law of 1850, popularly known
as the fugitive slave law, in my opinion a most
iniquitous measure, and certainly most obnox-
ious to the people of the free States fiom the day
of its passnge to the present hour. ^ That bill was
passed in a period ot j*reat excitement in the
country. A mohcioua and malignant spirit had
been excited \ secuonnl jind partisan leehng ra^ed
over the. land. An mro^nnt and defiant paity,
in their ptide of power, passed that bill through
both Houses of Congress. It has the iorms of
law, Qnd has stood unrepealed to this clay. From
the first day I had the honor of a seat in this
body until now, 1 should have voted cheerfully
for its repeal at any time. I have heard that law
denounced by the honorable Senator fiom New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] in the indignant, elo-
quent terms which he known so well how to em-
ploy. I have also heard it denounced by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] m like teims; and although 1 may not by
any effort of mine call to my aid woids so fit and
proper, so emphatic and so significant, as tire
readily commanded by those gentlemen in char-
acterizing that law, neither of them can vote for
ita repeal with more cordiality than I can and
shall.
I will not atop now to enumerate my objections
to that law. It is unnecessary. There are pro-
visions in it which 1 believe are unconstitutional. ,
Among them there is a single one to which I will
allude,\hut which gives judicial poweis toceiiam
commissioners appointed by the couits {or min-
isterial purposes, to decide all questions arising
on a chum made, in the face, as it se^ms to me,
of the first section of the third article of the Con-
stitution, which provides that
« The judicial power of the United States shall be vested
in one Supreme Couit and in such inferior courts iw the
Con resw inav tiom time to time o.dam and establish. 1 he
iud^cs both of the supreme and inferior courts shall hold
their otfiees d tiling good behavior, and shall atstated times
receive for their services a compensation which shall not
be diminished daring their continuance in office.
Whether or not an alleged fugitive shall be re-
turned to the Slate from whence he is said to
have escaped is clearly a judicial question, and
can be passed upon, in my apprehension, only
by a person clothed with judicial powei and au-
thority. A commissioner appointed by the cir-
cuit and district courts merely to take affidavits
and to perform other like duties is no such offi-
cer. He is no judge. He is clothed with no judi-
cial power. However corruptly he may act, he
is not liable to impeachment. He is a man wholly
irresponsible. To commit such important and
such delicate duties as those here in question to
such men is, as it seems to me, a gross violation
of the provision of the Constitution which I have
read.
But, sir, as I have already stated, I do not pro-
pose to make an extended examination of the fu-
gitive slave law of 1850. 1 voted to amend the
bill now before the Senate as it came from the
committee, in order to save from its operation the
act of 1793 regarding the same subject-matter, and
I did so for reasons quite satisfactoiy to myself.
Indeed if 1 had allowed this bill to pass as it ori-
ginally stood, repealing the act ot 17113 with the
net of 1850 for the reasons that were urged for its
repeal, 1 should have felt that I was casting dis-
honor and repioach upon the memory of the men
wilt) were my predecessors in this body, at that
time representing the State of Connecticut, than
whom there were no more eminent ill the land,
respected and honoied while living and revered
now that they are dead, Roger Slienvian and
Oliver lillswo'rth. For me to vote to lepeal a
law intended to carry out a provision ot the Con-
stitution which those gentlemen aided first in
making and then m passing is a bold step; spe-
cially so if placed on the ground that in enacting
it they were usurping powers not belonging to
the Congress of the United States; that the pro-
visions of tile law are unconstitutional and there-
fore null and void. 1 am not prepared to assert
this, nor can 1 assent to such an assertion.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator be good
enough, while he is on that point, to state his au-
thoriTy for saying that those two eminent persons
gave their consent tocitherof those propositions,
either in the Constitution or m Congress ? Show
the yeas and nays, show that those men, his pre-
decessors, ever l'egisiet'ed their names tor such
an ontiage.
Mr. FOSTER. Mi. President, I will not prom-
ise to satisfy the honorable Senator; I do not as-
sume to do that, because where a man reasons
with his will you cannot put luin down by ar-
guments or facts. 1 will show, however, by the
record, what to most minds will be equally sat-
isfactory as the yeas and nays, that both those
gentlemen did vote for the law ot 1793 to which I
have alluded, and Roger Sherman was on the com-
mittee who framed the bill and who reported it.
So much I will show the gentleman from the rec-
oul presently. Oliver Ellsworth was his col-
league in this body at the time it passed; and al-
though I cannot show the honorable Senator yeas
and nays on its passage, for they were not taken,
the record shows that it passed withoutadivision;
it passed, as it appears, unanimously. That may
not satisfy the honorable Senator. I did not
promise to satisfy him; but those are the facts.
It is tolerably satisfactory to a man who does
not shut his eyes to the light of the sun and then
say all is dailc I will it to tie dark; therefore it is.
Ml. SUMNER. 1 will it to be light.
The vice PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts will notintenupt the Senator from
Connecticut when he is speaking.
M r. FOSTE R. 11 is no intei ruption, Mr. Pres-
ldent. i always hear the Senator with great pleas-
111 e; but he will pardon me for suggesting that the
divine prei'Ogatue has not yet been vouchsafed to
h I ni of say i ng, ''Lei thete be light,and there was
lighi." I yield all that belongs to a Senator from
Massachusetts in this body to the Senator, as an
eminent, woithy, distinguished representative (it
his State; still, sir, I may without offense remind
that honorable Senator that brave men lived be-
fore Agamemnon, and that Roger Sherman and
Oliver Ellsworth lived before him. They were
sons of Connecticut whom I cannot hear aspersed
without defending or at least attempting to defend
them.
Let me ask the attention of the Senate, and I
will do so briefly, to this law of 1793, in order
that I may not under any circumstances misrep-
resent what actually occurred. I lead from the
460th page of the Journal of the Second Congress.
The Journal reads thus:
" Thursday, JS'ovemher 22,1192.
kC On motion,
"Ordered, That Messrs. Johnston, (Jabot, and Read be a
committee to consider the expediency of a Jaw respecting
fugitives from justice, and peisons escaping from the ser-
vice of their masters, and, it they think proper, to report a
bill.'*
That is the first entry on the Journal. The
next is:
;Thursday, December 20, 1792.
"Mr. Johnston, from the committee appointed tor that
purpose, leportcd a bill respecting fugitive-? Jiom justice,
and persons o^oapinjj ftom the seiviee ot their matter1-}
which was read tiie lu.-t time.
« Ordered, That this bill pass to the second reading."
"Friday, December 21, 179*2.
"The Senate proceeded to the second reading of the bill
respecting fugitives fiom justice and persons e.scapin? irom
the service oi: their masunt.; and,
" Ordered, That the turther consideration thereof be post-
poned."
"Wednesday, Decemhet 20, 1792.
" The Senate resumed the second reading of the lull in-
specting fugitives from justice and per-ons escaping liotn
the service of their masteis; and, after debate,
" Ordered, That the consideration thereof be iiuther post-
poned."
"Thursday, December 27, 179*2.
"The Senate resumed the second leadmyof the bill re-
specting fugitives liom justice and persons, 'scaping fiom
tin- -n wee of their marten, and, utter debate,
"A motion was made and seconded to postpone the fur
tlier cons>ideiation theieof to the next session or Cougiess.'*
".Friday, December 28. 1792.
" The donate resumed the second leading of the bill to
specting lu<Mtives fiom ju>lice and persons escaping imm
the service of their masteis; and the motion yesteulay
made thoieon, to wit: ' That the fmthcr considf-iatmn <n
the bill be postponed to the next session ol (Jongiow ;
which motion pasted m the negative.
•'On motion,
" (Mc?eiJ,Tnal the bill be recommitted; ana that Messrs.
Tayloi and  Si:eimau"—
Roger Sherman, Mr. President—
" be added to the committee, who are instructed to consider
the subject generally and lepoit theieon."
The committee originally consisted of three.
They reported a bill which was debated as 1 have
shown. It was then recommitted, and two gen-
tlemen, of whom Ro^er Sherman was one, were
added to the committee.
"Thursday, January 3, 1793.
"Mr. Johnston, fiom the committee on the billrespeet-
inglu mves liom justice and persons escaping from the
sci vice of then masteis, lepot ted amendments*; winch weie
lead. , . r..
" OidcreJ, That the report be piinted loi the use oi tiie
Senate."
"Friday, January 4,1793.
" Tiie Senate resumed the sc-i-nd reading of the bill re
spooling fugitives fiom justice and peisons escaping fiom
the service of their master, and the report of the commit-
tee thereon; and, after debate, the consideration tlieteot
was fmthcr postponed."
"Monday, Januaiy 7,1793.
"On motion,
" Ordered, That the report of the committee on the bill
respecting fugitives irom justice and prisons escaping fiom
the service of their masters be further postponed.''
u Tuesday, January 1793.
" On motion,
"The consideration of the bill respecting fugitives fiom
justice and person-- escaping iiom the seiviee ot their mas-
ters was postponed to Monday next.-'
"Tuesday, Januaiy lo. 1793.
"The Senate resumed the consideration ot ihoicport of
the committee on the bill respecting fugitives irom justice
and peisons escaping liomtho scrvieeoi thou masteis, and
the amendments proposed ; and, alter debate, _
" Ordeied, That the consideration theieot oe i in rlicr post-
poned."
1 hope the Senate will not be out of patience
while I read a very few more of these orders ol
the Senate. 1 do it among other things to show
that this bill was deliberately considered by the
Senate, not rushed through with a velocity sucli
