100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
A convention was held in Boston in 1855 that
unanimously adopted resolutions which I will
read:
"Resolved, That a Constitution which provides for a
slave representation and a slave oligarchy in Congress,
which legalizes slave-hunting and slave-catching on every
-inch of American soil, and which pledges the military and
B9Y4! power of the country to Keep tour million chattel
slaves in their chains, is to be trodden under foot and pro-
nounced accursed, however unexceptionable and valuable
Its other provisions may be."
When Massachusetts was fulminating such a
denunciation as that against the Constitution, why
did she not recollect and why was she not brought
to shame and to dumbness by her previous course
in relation to the same subject? Why was she
not struck mute by her course in the Convention
which formed the Constitution of the United States?
Why did she denounce a provision of the Consti-
tution that was passed by the unanimous support
of the members of the Convention, including her
own, that provision which secures to the owners
of fugitive slaves their rendition from other States
into which they may have escaped?
The next resolution of this series is:
" Resolved, That the onegieati&sue before tbecoiintry is
the dissolution of the Union, in comparison with which all
other issues with tlie slave power are as dust in the bal-
ance; therefore we will give ourselves to the work of an-
nulling this 'covenant with death' as essentia! to our own
innocencyand the speedy and everlasting overthrow of the
slave system."
Sir, gentlemen get up now and flippantly and
audaciously hurl the charge of treason at other
members of the Senate, and at true and loyal cit-
izens over the land—men who have uttered this
treasonable sentiment, men who have cherished
it as the purpose and object of their lives and of
their policy. In January, 1857, Massachusetts
held a State convention at Worcester, that passed
the resolutions that I will now read:
"Resolved, That this movement does not seek merely
disunion, but the more perfect union of the free Slates by
the expulMon ol the slave Suites from the confederation in
which they have ever been an element of discord, danger,
and disgrace."
There is a slight mistake. The true subject of
that denunciation should have been, not the slave
States, but the State of Massachusetts herself.
"Give the devil his due." Speak of South Car-
olina and the other States that are now in this
wicked rebellion, and when,and where,and how
did they ever interfere with the constitutions and
laws of the northern or free States, with their
domestic institutions, with their rights of prop-
erty, with any of those interests or affairs that
were left to them by the Constitution and over
which they had the exclusive jurisdiction? The
southern States never intermeddled in the domes-
tic concerns of Massachusetts or any of the other
northern States; and if Massachusetts had herself
acted with the same forbearance, with the same
scrupulous regaid to the provisions and the spirit
of the Constitution of the United States and to the
great principles upon which our system, State
and Federal, is based, we should not now have
this deplorable war upon us.
The next resolution was:
"Resolved, That it is not probable that the ultimate sev-
eranceof the Union will be an act of deliberation or discus-
sion, but that a long period of deliberation and discu-sion
must precede it; and this we meet to begin."
They mean to begin for the diabolical purpose
of agitating with a view to the dissolution of the
Union ! Was there ever so treasonable an avowal
so boldly made by any body of men ?
"Resolved, That heneelorward, instead of regaidmgitas
an objection to any system of policy, that it will lead to the
separation of the {States we will proclaim that to be the
higher of all recommendations and the gieate>t proot of
statesmanship; and we will support, politically or ollicr-
ww,iUoli men and measures a  appear to tend must to this
result.
" Resolved, That by the repeated confession of noithem
and southern statesmen, 'tin.* e\i.-icnce of the Union is
the t'hiel guarantee of shiveryand that the despot* ot the
whole woild have evciything to (car, and the slaves oi the
whole world everything to hope, Horn its deduction and
the rise of a fine noithem republic.
aRc%oh ed, That the sooner the separation takes place the
more peacelul it will be; but that peace oi war i* a sec-
ondary consideration in view of oui present perils. Sla-
very be conquered, 'peaceably if we ean, toreibly if
we must.' "
That principle they then took up and they are
now acting fully up to its execution, not by the
power of Massachusetts alone, but by the aggre-
gate power of the vast <u tnies of the United States.
" Resolved y That the e\peiienceof more than sixty year>
jias pioved our national Government to be a mcie creature
f ml tool of the slave jwnvei "
How ? Had not the free States preponderated
in the two Houses of Congress and m the elec-
toral college which made *he President and Vice
President ever since the beginning of the Govern-
ment? Had they not always the power and the
strength to make whom they willed President
and Vice President, and to pass such laws as they
chose? *Then the course of presidential elections
and of congressional legislation was the judgment
and the act of the free States, at least so many of
them and such of their representatives ond electors
as when united with those from the slave States
gave them power. But my recollection both of
legislation and of presidential elections is that
never until sectional parties grew up in the United
States were there any divisions of that kind in
relation to any subject of policy and legislation,
or in the election of Presidentand Vice President;
but it was always a mixed vote of free and slave
States, without a division and separation by the
line of slavery.
i(Rcsolvcd, That the experience of more than sixty years
has proved our national Government to be a mere creature
and tool of the slave power, subservient only to the pur-
pose of despoti&m ; a lormidable obstacle to the advance-
ment and prosperity both of the free and slave State:?; a
libel upon our democuvtic theories of government; a dis-
grace to the civilization of the age, and a hitter curse to
the cause of freedom in our own country and throughout
the world." '
Did not every point and subject of this bitter
malediction exist at the time that the Convention
framed our present Constitution? Did they not
all exist at the era of the Declaration of Independ-
ence, and when it was recognized by the treaty
of 1783? Were not all these matters tliatare thus
bitterly denounced, originated, built up, and sus-
tained by the action of Massachusetts ? These
resolutions proceed:
"Resolved, 'That, In view of this lone and painful expe-
: rience, we have no longer any hope ot iu refuunation, hut
are fully convinced that the best interests ot every .section
of the eountiy mpme it^ nmneditite dissolution.
il Resolved, That this convention recommends, as the fust
step toward the aecouipii-hment of this object, the organ-
ization In each of the .State* ot a political paity ouKtdeof
the piesent Constitution and Union—a party whose candi-
dates .-hall he publicly pledged, in the event of their elec-
tion, to ignore the Federal Government, to refuse an oath
to its Constitution, and to make their respective States free
and independent communities."
Sir, was there ever a fouler or more audacious
position of disloyalty to our Government, a bolder
and more daring disregard of the obligations
which every citizen owed to the Government, than
is manifested in this series of resolutions? Now,
I will read some of the mottoes inscribed upon
the banners of this dissolution party in the Slate
of Massachusetts and other States who are mem-
bers of the loyal leagues and making such lofty
claims of unconditional support of the Union:
u Thorough organization and independent political action
on the paitofthe non-sl,iveholdtng white-t of the South.
Ineligibility of slaveholder. Never another vote to the
traffickers in human flesh.
" No pationage to slaveholding merchants ; no gue-ts to
slaveholding hotels ; no fees to slaveholding lawyer?-; no
employment to slaveholding physicians; no audience to
slaveholding paeons; no recognition of pio-slavery men
eveept as ruffians, outlaws, and ciunmaK
<• Immediate death to slavery, or, if not immediate, un-
qualified proscription or its advocates during the period of
its existence."
Was there evei a fiercer, a more savage and un-
relenting war denounced against any institution or
any set of men who were faithfully sustaining
their Government and laws, their only sin being
the adoption of slavery,an institution founded by
Massachusetts?
Tlie descendants of those men now turn upon
an institution which they fostered and earned to
and enlarged in the southern States by the slave
j traffic, in their own ships and with their own cap-
ital. Is it not one of the most extraordinary and
extreme inconsistencies ever exhibited to man-
kind? Could any race of people except the de-
scendants of the Pilgrim Fathers be guilty of it?
Mr. President, Massachusetts in 1843 passed
her first law in direct hostility to the fugitive slave
law of 1793. That law was enacted in obedience
to an express provision of the Constitution, that
persons held to slavery in one State escapinginto
another should bo rendered back to their owncis.
That provision of the Constitution was as valid
and as obligatory on the people of Massachusetts
and their Scnatois as any provision in that instru-
ment. The law was passed when Washington
j was President, and by a Congress many of whose
il members had been engaged in tlie revolutionary
struggle and had been members of the Federal Con-
vention. It was passed in the Senate without a
division, and in the House of Representatives by
a vote of 58 to 7. It came under the revision of
the courts of the United States and of the States,
and it was sustained by every judicial tribunal,
Federal and State. It was approved by the Father
of his country, the man at tne head of the human
race, who rises high above every other specimen
of humanity, notwithstanding he was a slave-
holder,and who in all his attributes and his whole
life was more godlike than any individual man
that has appeared upon earth since the days of the
inspired apostles.
Shortly after Congress had passed the second
fugitive slave law, in 1850, there was formed in
Boston an association that combined talent,
wealth, office, position, numbers, and perma-
nency, for the special and declared purpose, and
by all means, even unto organized armed resist-
ance, to defeatanyand all attempts to execute the
fugitive slave laws in that State; and now her
paramount and darling purpose in the vehement
support she gives to the war is, not for restora-
tion, but revolutionary and violent overthrow of
slavery and theorganism of the slave States,and
virtually of the Union and Constitution of the
United States, by making their armies the instru-
ment of this her work of destruction.
Will the Senator from Massachusetts at the
head of the Military Committee state on this floor
tljat he never had knowledge of that association
in the city of Boston and of the special and iso-
lated object of its organization? Did he never
meet with it in council? Was he never advised
with by its leading and active members? Did
he never give it his countenance and support?
The other Senator from Massachusetts is too open
I presume to deny his position in relation to that
organization, but his more covert colleague is
dumb and silent in relation to these points of in-
terrogatory. But I will proceed with what I was
saying in regard to Massachusetts. Pier most
sinister, selfish, and wicked ends are in that way
to get possession of the rich cotton and sugar
lands and the freed negroes of the southern States,
and work them in perpetuity for the emolument
of the sons of the Pilgrim Fathers; to reduce the
southern States to a sort of colonial dependence,
and to make them industrially, commercially, and
politically subservient to herself and the northern
States.
That is the whole scheme, combining fanati-
cism, avarice, meddlesomeness, and all the other
obnoxious characteristics that appertain to that
peculiar people, the descendants of the Pilgrim
Fathers.
I have before me a Life of the fugitive slave
Burns written by Stevens, a Massachusetts man.
After speaking of the public excitement produced
in Boston by that anest, he adds:
" No immediate step was taken, however, except by an
association styled a committee ot vigilance. Thisa-^ocia-
tion took its origin from tlie passage of the fugitive slave
act. lis sole object wast to defeat in all cases the execution
of that haled statute. Thoroughly organized under a wnt-
teu code of laws, with the necessary officers and working
committees, arianged on the principle of a subdm-ion of
i labor, with wealth and professional talent <u its command,
actuated by tlie mo-t deteiimned pinpo-e and opeiatmg m
seciet. it was well futed to strike powciful blows for the
accomplishment of Us object
That object was the defeatand the overthrow of
an act of Congress by a bold and treasonable band
of conspirators, which, if successful, would have
been pro tanto a dissolution of the Union; and yet
men who support and give their presence and
countenance and aid to such organization forsuch
a purpose, have the face to come here and take an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, which this whole movement was intended
to strike down in part,and to bi and as disloyal and
semi-traitorous men more true and loyal to tile
Government and to every principle of good faith
than they. The historian further says of this as-
sociation :
"The roll of its member? displayed the most diversified
assemblage of characters, but this diversity only secured
the gt eater efficiency. The white and the" colored race,
free-bom son* of Massachusetts and fugitive slaves from
the South, here co .pojated together. Among them weie
men of fine culture and of high social position. Some of
the nch men of Boston were enrolled in this committee."
The historian then proceeds to give details of
the many modes in which this organization op-
erated. He adds:
" 13} this committee of vigilance the case ol Bums was
