1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iiovy taken in hand. Early in the afternoon of the day fol-
lowing hisarresta fullineetwgforthepurpose was secretly
convened."
For what purpose? To take Burns from the
custody of the law, and in that way to repeal, prac-
tically to putdown, the law of Congress. I read
further:
" ^{e main point there was but one voice; all agreed
that, be the commissioner's decision what it miclu, liurns
should never be taken back to Virginia if it were 111 their
power to prevent."
Burns was arrested on the 24th of May, 1854,
and by the judgment of the commissioner was
rendered up to his master the 2d of June. In that
interval there was addressed a circular letter to
the " yeomanry of Massachusetts" adjuring them
to rendezvous at Boston with a view to the case
of Burns. Some three hundred men were organ-
ized in Worcester and marched to Boston, and
large numbers from most of the adjacent towns
concentrated there. Every sort of appeal was
made by the leading friends of Burns to inflame
and madden the people in his favor and to rescue
him at any cost. One nightit wasestimated there
were from eight to ten thousand infuriated men,
and the most of them secretly armed, surrounding
the court-house in which he was confined to co-
erce his release. To execute the fugitive slave
law in his case about two thousand armed and
drilled mon, artillery, infantry, marines, and vol-
unteers, had to be assembled to sustain the civil
magistrates.
But for that effective and large military force
to sustain the civil officers, what would have be-
come of the law of Congress and of those ap-
pointed magistrates for its~execution? The whirl-
wind of passion and crime that then agitated
Boston and rocked that city from its center to its
exterior would have swept these powerless offi-
cers from their places, and Burns would have been
rescued and set free, and there would have been
a practical revolution of the Government consum-
mated, not total, but to the extent of the overthrow
of an important policy and law of Congress, in
which nearly half the States were deeply inter-
ested. If bold and daring treason had been suc-
cessful, the Government would virtually have
been brought to an end; its whole moral power
would have been subverted; and it would have
been contemned, not only in relation to that law,
but to all others that the treasonable and wicked
spirit of Massachusetts might have prompted her
to resist.
On the second night after Burns's arrest, and
before the forces to rescue him, or those to pre-
vent it, had assembled in large numbers, a por-
tion of his armed fi iends, led on by Ilev. Thomas
W. Higginson, made an assault on the court-
house in which he was confined and guarded by
United States soldiery, to wrest him from the cus-
tody of the law. The door was ponderous and
strong, but, by a kind of catapult, the assailants
broke out one of its panels, and Higginson and
a few of his associate traitors made an entry.
They were repelled, but Batchclder, one of the
assistant marshals, was mortally wounded, it was
said by Higginson; and a soldier was also
wounded. Higginson was both a murderer and
traitor, and, if possible, should have been twice
hung in expiation of each offense. But the pres-
ent Executive has appointed him colonel of a ne-
gro regiment.
Sir, what kind of a moral example is that? The
Presidentof the United States is sworn to uphold,
defend, and piotect the Constitution and to execute
the laws, and yet he appoints a murderer and a
traitor to be a colonel of one of the regiments now
in the military service of the United States.
The Senator from Massachusetts—I mean the
military Senator—did not answer, but evaded the
question whether " he was against the rcscue of
Burns, "and replied," I had nothing to do with it;"
and repeated, "I had nothing to do with it, and
had no knowledge of it until after it transpired.
I was not in my own State at the time." And to ,
the question," Did you ever condemn thatinsur- j
rection? Did you ever do anything to putit down i
—its spirit?" he would not answer directly, but I
evasively, thus: "There was no occasion; it was j
put down quickly." !
At the time of the attempted rescue of Burns, 1
did not that Senator know that there existed a
powerful organization in Boston formed for no
other purpose than to defeat the execution of the
fugitive slave law as often as there should be an
arre^ under it? Was he ever counseled in re-
lation to that association, and its object and mo-
dus operandi? Had he learned that this rcscue
would be attempted, and did he run away from
his friends and comrades as he did from the battle
of Bull Run, to avoid responsibility and danger?
Natick, his place of residence, is, I believe, about
seventeen miIe#from Boston. How came he to
be away from his home and out of the State for
more than nine days from the time Burns was
arrested until he was renderedupand taken "back
to old Virginny?" Where was he all that time?
What was he doing? Is it not moststrange that
in more than nine days he should not have heard
of this most exciting affair, the telegraph, too,
bring in operation? But the member from Mas-
sachusetts said of this demonstration to rescue
Burns:
"The Senator [Mr.Davis] prates aboutaliltlemobcom-
posodofa few men in the city of Boston, and brand"' their
action as insmrection and rebellion. InMnrection! Re-
bellion ! Sir, there \vus> no insurrection ; there was no re-
bellion. it was at most but a mob, and a very small mob
at that."
The Senator has become so greatly augmented
that he has not only Cyclopean notions of himself
but also of rebellions and insurrections. 1 have
presented to the Senate the facts of the attempt to
lescue Bums, as published in the newspapers at
the time, and as they have since been recoided by
a Boston historian. It was o?te outbreak of a nu-
merous and powerful organization of conspirators
and traitors, who had combined and confederated
together to defy the authority of the United States,
and by force of aims and all other means to de-
feat wholly and in all cases as they might arise
the execution of their law. That organization
had then existed for years, and I suppose still ex-
ists. It was much more formidable in its plan,
arrangement, numbers, wealth, intelligence, du-
ration,and in the force itdisplayed when the res-
cue wus attempted than was the combination in
Pennsylvania to defeat the execution of the law
of Congress to levy an excise on whisky. That
was at the time and now is in history denom-
inated an insurrection, and so will and so ought
the attempt to rescue Bums to be characterized,
and if it hall been successful would have been pro
tanto a revolution of the Government by force of
arms.
But, Mr. President, in the face of the facts which
I have ariayed to the contrary, the member from
Massachusetts has the effrontery to declare to the
country in this Chamber that—
"No man in her Legit-humr desired or expected to resist
the aiuhonty ol the Federal Government. What Massa-
eliu^et^ intended to accomplish by her legislation was the
protection of her own citizens; and il any quo^tion arose
between hei and the Federal Government, growing out of
the attempted execution ot the lugitive slave act, she was
eeej icady to Mibmit IIiom; i|ueMion> to tin: judicial tubu-
riaN ot the eootitiy and to abide the veidiet."
This position is both disingenuous and untrue.
It attempts to make a discrimination between the
men in her Legislature and her people, and to claim
a special immunity for the former alone. All
questions arising under the fugitive slave law,
however the Legislature of Massachusetts might
endeavor to draw those coming up in that State
to her own courts, are by an express provision
of the Constitution referred exclusively to the de-
cision of the Federal courts. They had all been
decided, again and again, by the Supreme Court
and the encmt courts of the United States against
her positions and assumptions. She would not
abide by those decisions; and it was in a trea-
sonable spirit and effort to reverse them, and'
practically to nullify the fugitive slave laws of
Congress, that she passed what is called "her
personal liberty bill," by which, against the Con-
stitution of the United Suites, site sought to
bring and retry all thorfo questions in her own
abolition courts and by her own abolition juiies.
Was Burns and every other fugitive slave who
might get to Boston citizens of Massachusetts?
That is the position of the Senator and his State;
for Governor Andrew ostentatiously published
that if Lincoln would publish a proclamation of
freedom to the slaves the roads and alleys would
swarm with Massachusetts volunteers rushing to
the wai. Yet in a very short time afterwards the
agents of Ma&sachusctts, with the Senator's co-
operation, were scouring the rebel and loyal States,
the slave and the free States, offering huge boun-
ties for negro recruits, free, slave, and ficedmen, .
to fill up her quota and keep her own white peo- I!
pie from the war. Massachusetts isagreatState,
but her people have some queer notions, and [al-
ways think their will ought to control. The mem-
ber from Massachusetts says:
"Sli, the imputations, the reproaches, the slanders, that
so glibly flow from the lips of the Senator from Kentucky
will not reach the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. No
word of his cau soil her name or dim her fame. There ia
not strength enough in his arm to fling a shaft that shall
strike that proud old Commonwealth."
The Senator attempts to pull on the buskins of
Mr. Webster, and affects the terseness, dignity,
and grandeur of his defense of Massachusetts
against the assaults of Senator Hayne, of South
Carolina. I advise his successor to quit his at-
tempts to copy Mr. Webster; he only apes his
model, and it is miserably bad apeingtoojor some
time, when he is attempting to swell himself to
the stature of Mr. Webster, the scene of the frog
and the ox may be reenacted. But i concede one
of the positions of the member from Massachu-
setts: "No word of mine can soil her name or
dim her fame." If she has not herself, or such
of her degenerate sons as he have not soiled her
name or dimmed her fame, they are safe from
me. But let us examine that question a little
further.
Her arrogant, dictatorial, and " rule-or-min"
spirit broke forth in opposition to the acquisition
of Louisiana during Mr. Jefferson's Administra-
tion, and she denounced the treaty by which that
vast country was acquired, because of the want
of constitutional power on the part of our Gov-
ernment to acquire foreign territory, and also of
the impolicy of the measure. She made her
similar arrogant condemnation of the treaty in
which Spain ceded Florida to the United States.
Throughout the war of 1812 with Great Britain,
which was declared to protect Massachusetts sea-
men agai nst impressment by that haughty Power,
and to vindicate the freedom of the seas and the
rights of international commerce, in which her
people were so largely interested, that spirit be-
came so heightened and deepened, so malignant
and treasonable, as to break-forth in the most
vituperative condemnation of the war and our
own Government by the people ofMassachusctts;
in frequent and most criminal attempts to thwart
and defeat the United States in their great struggle
to bring the war to a speedy and successful close;
in a resort by them to manifold devices to weaken,
dispirit, and produce the defeat of our land and
naval forces, and to strengthen and give aid and
comfort and victory to our enemy; in continual
and most extravagant laudation of the policy,
power, and moral position of England m that
war, and the basest disparagement of their own
country and Government by imputations of cor-
ruption and imbecility, of prejudice against Eng-
land and subserviency to France, and a purpose,
not to redress national wrongs, but of rapacity,
ambition, and conquest; in efforts to detach the
thirteen original States and leave the Federal Gov-
ernment and the other States at war with one of
the greatest Powers of the earth; and another
most absurd and wicked project, that New Eng-
land should make a separate peace with Great
Britain, and a.t the end of the war its States should
resume their position in the United States. These
ate grave charges, and most disparaging to Mas-
sachusetts, and it is to be deplored that they arc
true in their fullest force.
She elected a Governor arftl Legislature hostile
to the Government of the United States and op-
posed to the war, and who exerted themselves
continuously and defiantly to uphold the cause of
England, and to coerce the President of the Uni-
ted States to make an ignominious treaty, with-
out the concession or acknowledgment by Great
Britain of a single right for which the war was
undertaken.
Iler people first got up the Essex Junto and
then the Hartford Convention, both of which were
treasonable associations, composed of the enemies
of their own Government and the friends and
sympathizers of England; and their objects and
action were to divide our people, distract the pub-
lic councils, weaken the military operations of the
United States, and to make the war so disastrous
as to fo i cc them to a shameful peace.
In the summer of 1812, some two months after
the declaration of war, President Madison made
a requisition on Governor Strong of that State for
a poition of her militia to enter the service of
the United States. He refused to comply; and
