1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2723
ment to the Constitution for the abolition of sla- i
very, and that is, that its fut I her considei atiun Ije i
postponed for one week from Monthly m-xt,after j
the morning hour, and that it be then taken up j
and discussed until not later than four o'clock |
Tuesday aftecnoon, when the vote shall betaken; [
if the discussion be closed sooner, then the vote :
shall be taken as soon as the discussion is closed.
Mr. PRUYN. This was made the subject of
discussion this morning by members on both
sides of the House, and I believe it .was agreed
that Tuesday would be a better day to which to
postpone the further consideration of the Senate
joint resolution, and then to let the discussion
run over to four o'clock Wednesday. If the
gentleman from Iowa prefers Monday I do not
know that there will be any objection on tins side
of the House. Some gentlemen have left, how-
ever, under the impiession that it would be
Tuesday.
Mr. WILSON. Members on this side have
preferred Monday.
Mr. FINCK. Ih ope the gentleman from Iowa
will not pi:ess his motion at this time, as this side
of the House is very thin.
Mr. WILSON. I thought the proposition 1
make would meet with general approval from that
side of the House.
Mr. PRUYN. I will say to the gentleman
from Ohio that there was a consultation this
morning between members on both sides of the
House, and it was agreed that this joint resolu-
tion should be postponed to a day certain. Some
have left this evening and others will leave in the
morning under the impression that it would be
postponed to Tuesday and not Monday week.
Mr. FINCK. I do not object if the gentleman
will say Tuesday instead of Monday.
Mr. WILSON. I agree to that. My motion
is that thejoint resolution shall be postponed until
Tuesday week after the morning hour, and that
the vote shall be taken on Wednesday at four
o'clock, and sooner if the discussion be closed
sooner.
There was no objection; and it was oidered
accordingly.
WILLIAM SAWYER AND OTIIEltS.
Mr. THAYER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Private Land Chums, reported
a bili for the relief of William Sawyer and others,
of the Stale of Ohio; which was read a first and
second time, oidered lo be printed with the ac-
companying report, and recommitted to the same
committee.
MAUINJ5 HOSPITAL AT CHICAGO.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope there
will be no objection to some legislation which I
desire to propose for the benefit of sick and
wounded sailors and soldiers.
There was no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill authorzing the Secretary of the
Treasury, in his discretion, to sell the marine
hospital at Chicago, and out of the proceeds to
build a hospital on a more eligible site; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The pres-
ent marine hospital at Chicago is in the heart of
the city near the railroad depot, and with two or
three sewers running under it, and is altogether
in an improper place. It can be sold for a sum
of money which will buy a new site and build a
better hospital. 1 ask that the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be lead.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department. May 31,18G4.
Put: I have tin' lionor to acknowledge tlx* receipt of
your letter ol the 30th instant, inclosing <i bill to autlioiize j
Hie sale of the mm me hospital and gi oumis at Chicago, i
with your lequest lor my views thereon. i
The niaunc hospital at Chicago occupies a most unsuit- |
able locality. The depots of the various uulroads Miiround t
n, and the continual noi>e is veiy mjuiious to tiiesick sea- I
men m that institution. Two huge sewers are also dis- j
chained near the pit irn^o, lendenng the an insalubrious. I
Other inconvenience* attend the pie.-ent site which aie j
exhibited on the map and diagram lately submitted lor ,
your uMisaderation by Mr. Haven, tin; collccioi ol Liic cus- ]
torn-- at that port. I
ilollis Whne, E-qM ial agent of the Trent-iny Dc- i
pai uncut, i> fain: 1 lilt witii the mej it- ol the piojcct and has !
been in>tiuct« d ro confVi with you on the subject. !
f have i eHMUi to believe that the propeity could now be j
dii-pnr-ed ol lot a Mim amply xufHcii ut lo pmeha*e a new I
| site and ercct a building without futtber appiopriation by
i C'oncress. The bill is herewith ictuinrd.
j l am, very icspectiully, ri. P. CHASE,
: Secretary of the Ticasuiy.
i Hon. E. B. Wasiijiorne, Chaiiman of the Committee on
: Commerce, House of Ilepi csentatiues.
j The bill was ordcied to be engrossed nnd read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the bill passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. *
BANKRUPT BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to bo the consideration of the bankrupt bill,
on which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, f design to
occupy but little of the time of the House. The
select committee have presented for our consider-
ation a bill which I believe is as perfect as any
one we can devise under present circumstances,
and which I think is called for by the best inter-
ests of the people of this Union.
For the compilation of the bill we are indebted
to the industry of the gentleman from Rhode Isl-
and, [Mr. Jenckes,] who illustrated its principles
in his remarks yesterday. With a few amend-
ments which have been suggested by members of
the House, and which I aslf the indulgence of the
House to submit upon this occasion, I think the
bill will be ready for the action of the House.
The gentleman from New York, over the way,
[Mr. Ward,] desires to say a few words before the
vote is taken,and he undoubtedly will have an op-
portunity. When that is done I hope the House
will proceed to act finally upon the bill. I now sub-
'mit the amendments which I have to offer. I move
to insert in line forty-four, page 1G, after the word
" attachment," the words "levy or seizure."
Mr. SLOAN. It strikes me that the gentle-
man's amendment does not remedy the difficulty
at which lie aims by his amendment. It strikes
me that the words inserted there should be "for
levy and sale on execution."
Mr. SPALDING. The purport is the same.
"Xevy or seizure" embraces every thing contem-
plated by the gentleman. I have no objection,
however, to adding the words " and sale on exe-
cution." I will accept the addition of those words
us a modification of my amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The clause, as amended, reads as follows:
And the judge of the district court, or, If there be no
opposing party, any register oi suid couit,to be designated
by the judge, shall forihwiih, if be be satisfied that the
debts due troin the petitionci exceed $250, issue a warrant,
to be signed by such judge or icgister, directed to the mar-
shal of ^aid di^tiict, oi to one of lu^ deputies, oi to some
"unable person specially deputized tor that purpose, au-
thorizing htm toithvvith, as messenger, to take possession
of all the estate. ieal and personal, ot the debtor, except
such as ma) be by the laws ot the State in which Mich ju-
dicial district h situated exempt fiom attachment, levy, or
seizuie and sale on execution, and ot alt his deed**, books
of account, and paper*, and keep the same safel> until the
appointment ot an assignee.
Mr. SPALDING. On page 41, in line four, I
move to insert after the wotd " creditors" the
words "shall then be," and after the word
" called " the woi ds "by the court."
The amendment was agreed to.
The clause, as amended, reads as follows:
•Sec. 31. *4 ml be it. further enacted, That the like proceed-
ings shall be had at the expnation ot the next thiee months,
oi eatlicr, if' ptacticable, and a third meeting of cieditors
shall then be called by the court, and a final dividend then
declared, unless any action at law or suit in equity be
pending, oi un!t" s some other estate or effects of the debtor
ufteiwartN come to the hands ot the "assignee, in which
eaBe the a-wguee shall, as  oon as may be, convert such
estate or effects into mone), and within two months after
the "iitiie shall be so convened the .same shall be divided
in niannet aforesaid.
Mr. SPALDING. On page 57, line twenty-
two, 1 move to insert after the word " days" the
words " such debtor not having sufficient property
to pay Ins debts in full;" and also in the thirty-
fifth line, on the same page, to insert " fraudu-
lently" before the word "stopped."
. The amendments weie agreed to.
The section, as amended, icads as follows:
That any person lesiding and owing debts as aloiesaid,
who, after Hie parage ot thw act, shall d< part fioiuthe
State, l)i*-tuet, or Teiritory ot which he is an inhabitant,
with intent to defiaud his creditor*., oi being absent, shall,
I with such intent, remain absent; or shall conceal himself to
avoid the service of legal process in any notion for the re-
covery of a debt oi demand piovable under tbis act; or shall
conceal or remove any of bis property to avoid its being at-
tached, taken, or sequestered on legal process; or shall
make any assignment, gift, sale, conveyance, or transfer of
bis estate, property, rights, or credits, either within the
United States or elsewhere, with intent to delay, defraud,
or hinder lus creditors, or who has been arrested, or hi*
property seized, attached, levied on, or taken, under orby
virtue of mesne process, attachment, or execution, issued
out of any court of any State, District, or Territory within .
which «meh debtor resides or has property, founded upon a i
demand m its nature provable against a bankrupt's estate
\jnder this act, and foi a sum exceeding $100, and such
process is remaining in force and not discharged by pay-
ment, or in any other manner provided by the law of such
State, District, oi Territory, applicable thereto, for a peiiod
of seven days, such debtor not having sufficient property to
pay bis debts in full, or has been actually imprisoned tor
more than seven days in a civil action, founded on con-
tract, for the sum ot $100 or upwards; or who, being bank-
rupt or insolvent, or in contemplation of bankruptcy or
insolvency, shall make any payment, gift, grant, sale, con-
veyance, or tiansferof money, oi other property, estate,
rights, or credits, or give any warrant to confess judgment,
or procuie or suffer lus pioperty to be taken on legal pro-
cess, with intent to give a preference to one or rnoieot bis
creditors, or to any person oi persons who are, or may be,
liable for him as indorsee, bail, sureties, or otherwise, or
with the intent, by such disposition of bis propeity, to
defeat or delay the opeiation of this act; or who, being a
merchant or trader, has fraudulently stopped, or suspended
and not resumed payment of his commercial paper within
a period of fourteen day*, shall be deemed to have com-
mitted an act of bankiuptcy, and, subject to the conditions
hereinafter prescribed.
Mr. SPALDING. On page 19, line sixteen,
I move to insert after the word " levy " the words
" and sale."
The amendment was agreed to.
The clause, as amended, reads as follows:
That as soon as said assignee is appointed and qualified,
the judge, oi, whoie there is no oppoMiig mte.iest, the re-
gister, shall, by an in&tiument undei his hand, assign and
convey to the'assignee all the estate, real or personal, of
the debtor, except such as is e.xe.inpt from attachment or
levy and sale upon execution by the law of the State in
which such judicial distuct is situated, &e.
Mr. SPALDING. Having offered all the
amendments I desire, I yield to the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. WARD. I am indebted to the courtesy
of the gentleman from Ohio for the opportunity
of making a few remarks. I feel very reluctant,
having been so frequently before the House of late,
to occupy its time at present, nor would 1 do so if
this were not a subject vitally affecting commer-
cial and manufacturing interests of the city which
I have the honor in part to represent. The large
cities will be much moreaffected than theagricultu-
ral districts by the passage of a bill of this character;
but a just and reasonable settlement of the ques-
tions involved must be beneficial to all parties of
the community, and I hope this Congress will
have the honor of passing a bill that will relieve
a large number of well-disposed hut insolvent
debtois from a bondage so nearly akin to slavery.
1 have already during the last session of Con-
gress addiessed the House at length on this topic.
The members of thishonorable body do not often
look into the details of statistics on a subject of this
kind, and I feel it my duty, not only to this House,
but to my constituents, to present briefly someof
the main facts to be considered in this connection.
A largo number of those who will be relieved
by the passage of this act became bankrupt from
causes originating m the present wai; ftom causes
which they could not foresee and over which they
could not possibly exert any control. The in-
debtedness of the southern to the northern States
in 1861 was carefully estimated to be $300,000,000,
of which $159,000,000weredueto theeityofNew
York, $24,100,000 to Philadelphia, $19,000,000 to
Baltimore, and $7,600,000 to Boston. The prac-
tical annihilation of this large amount of assets
produced wide-spread, undeserved, and unex-
pected insolvency in the chief commercial cities
of the North. It may be urged as an objection
to the passage of this bill that it will release debt-
ors in the southern States. A little reflection will
lead us to the conclusion that as the principles of
human nature are nearly the same everywhere,
northern cieditois will, on the lesturation ofpeace
receive a larger percentage of their claims against
debtors resident in the South, under the mingled
opt rations both of the voluntary and compulsory
clauses of this national bill, than if the laws regu-
lating the relations of debtor and creditor are left
subject to a system of preferential assignments or
whatever oih*>r policy may be the choice of State
or local governments.
