70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
in connection with his council submitted to the
judges of the supreme court of that State several
questions which it wilt not be necessary to read,
as they are embodied in the answers of the judges.
Those answers I will read:
To his Excellency the Governor and the Honorable Council
of the Commonwealth, oj Massachusetts:
The undersigned, justices of the supieme judicial coujt,
have eonsideit'd the several question's proposed by your
Excellency and Honors i'or their opinion.
* By the constitution of this Suite, the authority of com-
maufling the imUtiaof the Commonwealth is vested exclu-
sively in the Governor, who has all the powers incident to
the officc of eommawdei-in-chiei, and is to exercise them
perfitniiMly, or by subordinate ofiiceis under hN command,
agreeably to the rules and icgulations of the constitution
and the laws of the land.
While the Governor of the Commonwealth remained in
the exercise of these powers the Fcdei.il Constitution was
ratified, by which was vested in the Congress a power to
provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the
CTpion, suppress insurrection, and repel invasions, and to
provide for governing such part of them as may be employed
in the service of the United States, resolving to the States
respectively the appointment of the officers. The Federal
Constitution further provides that the President shall be
Commander-in-Chief of the Aimy of the United State*, and
of the militia of the several States when called into tiie
actual service of the United States.
On the construction of the Federal and State constitu-
tions must depend the answers to the seveial questions
proposed. As the inihtiaot the seveial States may be em-
ployed in the seiviee of the United States lbr the thice
specific puiposesof executing the law* of the Union, of
suppressing insurrections, and repelling invasions, the opin- •
ion of tiie judges is requeued whether the commanders-in-
ehief of the jnilitia of the several State* have a light U^de-
termtnc whether any of the exigencies aforesaid <'xi-t, so
as to require them to place the militia, or any pari of it, m
the service ot the United States, at the request ot the Pres-
ident, to be commanded by him pursuant to acts of Con-
gress.
It is the opinion of the undersigned that tin-* right is
vested in the commandets-iu-chie!' of the militia of the
several States,
The Fedeial Constitution provides that when either of
these, exigencies exist the militia may be employed, pui.-u-
ant to some act of Congress, in the service of the United
States; hut no power is given, either to the President or to
the Congress, to determine that either of the said exigen-
cies does in iaet exist. As this power is not delegated to
the United States by the Fedeial Constitution, nor piohib-
ited by it to the States, u is received to the States respect-
ively, and, fiom the natuio of the power, it must be exer-
cised by those with whom the Suite* j,avo lespeotivdy
intrusted the ehiel command of the mthtia.
ft is the duty ol these commanders to execute this im-
poitant trust agreeably to the. laws of their several States
Respectively, without refe.ienee to the laws or ofiiceis of
the United States, in all cases except those specially pto-
vided for in the Fedeial Constitution. They must, there-
lore, detetinine when either of the special ease- exist obli-
ging them to relinquish the execution of this trust, and to
render themselves and the militia subject to the command
ot the Pi evident.
A dilJerent, eon-truetion, giving to Congress the light to
determine when those special eases mm, authoi izingthem
to call foitH the whole of (he militia, and taking them fiom
the commanders-in-chief of the several Stale.*, and subject-
ing them to the command of the Pie.-ddent, would place alt
the mthtia, in eliect, at the will of Confess, and produce
a military consolidation ot the Suites, without any eotl-u
tijtioual remedy, against the intentions of the people when
latifyiug the Federal Constitution, indeed, since the pass-
ing of the act of Congress of Feb! nary 23, ITUa, vcsiin" in
the President the power o( calling I'oith the militia when
the exigencies mentioned in the Constitution shall e\n.t if
the President has the power ol determining when those ex-
igencies exist, the imhria of the seveial nates is iu tact at
Ills command and subject to his control
IVo inconveniences can ie.iM>nuhly be pi canned to lesult
from the e«in^tiueUon which vests fu the commander in-
chief of the militia iu the-eveial States the right ot deteim-
irilhg when the exigencies exist obliging them to place
the militia in tiie seivice of tin United Stales. These ex-
igencies aie ot such a natuie thai the existence ot them
can he easily ascertained by or made known to the com-
manders in-chiefoi the militia; and, when aseeitamed, the
public uiteicsi will induce a piompt obedience to the acts
of Congress
Another question ptoposed to the consideration oft he jus-
tices is, whether, when either ol the exigencies exi-'t mi
thoiUhig the employing ol the militia in Ihe mm vice of the
United States, the nuliria thus employed can he lawfully
commanded b> any oliieei hut oi the militia except by the
President ot the United States.
The Fedeial Con-numou declares that tin: I'tesidcnt
shall be the Commander in-Chief ol the Aimy ol tiie United
Slates. He may undoubtedly exeicise tins command by
officers of the Aimy ot the United States, by hun commis-
sioned according to law. Tiie President i's also deciaied
to be the Commander-m-Chief of the intliti.iof the sovei.il
States when called inlo the actual service of ihe Uniled
States. The ofheers of the nuluia are to ho appointed by
the States; and the Piesident may exercise his command
of the mihtia by the offlceis of the miiiua dulv appointed.
But we know of no constitutional provision"nuthon/ni"
any ofheur of the Army of the Unite,d States to command
the mihtia, orauthouzmgany oflicei of the mihtia to com-
mand the At mv of the United States. The Congress may
provide jaws for the government of the nuiitia when in act-
ual service ; but to extend this power to the placing of them
under the command of an otiicer not of the militia, exeeot
the President, would rendu* nugatory the provision that
the militia are to have o/liceis appointed by the States.
The union of the militia in the;icttml setviceof the Uni-
ted States with the troops of the United States, so as to
form one Army, seems to he a case notpiovided for o^ori-
templated in the Constitution; &c.
Now, sir, this opinion decides two principles.
It states correctly that there are three exigencies
provided for by the Constitution in which the
militia of the States may be called into the service
of the United States: first, to execute the laws;
second, to repel invasions; and third, to put down
insurrection; but that opinion assumes as a con-
stitutional principle that the power to decide when
any or all these exigencies happen belongs not
to Congress or to the President of the United
States, but to the Governors of the States; and
even when the Governors themselves have de-
cided such an exigency to exist and have ordered
their militia into the service of the United States,
the mihtia can be commanded by no United States
military officer, except by the President himself.
Sir, there is another specimen of Massachusetts
loyalty .
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the Senator from Kentucky whether he will give
way for a motion to go into executive session?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; not at present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Powell
in the chair.) The Senator from Kentucky de-
clines to yield the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. The Govcrnorof Massachusetts
having icfuscd to order the mihtia of that State
inlo the service of the United States, some of the
patriotic people of the distiict of Maine volun-
teered, and were placed by the Pieaident under
the command of General William King. In the
year 1813 the Legislature of that State passed a
resolution inquiiing of General King whether he
had accepted any agency or commission fiom the
United States, or received from them any arms
or munitions by order of the President of the
United States. General King leplied:
<l Thtf volunteeis who tendeied theirserviecs to the Pies
idem loi the defense of their countiy weie accepted and
oigani/.ed, and have been Inriu-hed with amis on applica-
tion to the Ceneial Government. Soon alter the com-
mencement of the present war, when the huviccs ot tiie
detached mihtia wcie withheld fiom the Gcneial Govern-
ment, T aided the VVai Depaitinent in oigamzing such a
volnnteei corp> as was eousideied lieee—ai^ f°t the de-
fense of this disii ict After two i egimeuN were oigrtni/ed,
the scivices of such a numboi of companies weie ottered
as would have made tinea other leyunents, if neees.-ary.
As a citizen ol the United States I have duties to peu'oim
a* well as a citizen ot the State, in this just and holy
war."
A response worthy the fiiend of that often-
tried and true patriot, John Holmes. Massachu-
setts afterwards asked and received pny, not for
the services but for the time of the mihtia that
she withheld from ihe United States in their sec-
ond great struggle for independence.
This traitorous Governor Strong and his coad-
jutors in Massachusetts procured the weak and
con upt Governor of Vermont j Chittenden, to take
their position,that it was the exclubivc right of the
Governors of the States to decide whether and icken
there existed an exigency that required the Slate
militia to be put into the service of the United
States, and to issue an infamous proclamation
commanding the volunteer militia of Vermont to
march back from Plallsburg, whither they had
lushed to defend (hat place against the assault of
one of the most fonnidabie Butish armies that
was assembled dunng the \\ ar. The traitors of
Massachusetts weie loud in their {noniuses to
stand by their victim,and to sustain him in their
common crime; but their guilty fouls sluank from
the necessary action. The luavc and patriotic
citizen soldiers of Vermont flung h«ek %Jioir con-
tempt upon the {seasonable mis-xi ve of their Gov-
ernor, who was representing, not his State, but
British feehngs and interests, and remained to
cover themselves with glory in one of the most
biilhanf achievements of the war. All honor to
the memoiy of those gallant and true men ! They
were fit repiesentativcsof the heioesof Beumn°--
ton.
In May, 1R13, GovernorStiong sent a message
to the Legislature of Massachusetts m which ho
icvjewed all the grounds for the declaration of
war by our Government against England, and
argued each one m favor of our enemy; and con-
cluded by charging the Government of the United
States with having prostituted itself to subserve
the pui poses and ambition of Bonaparte. A com-
mittee of both Houses responded, echoing the
sentiments of the Governor, and denounced the
war as improper, unjust, and impolitic on the
part of the United States, and asserted that—
"While the oppressed nations of Europe are making a
magnanimous and generous effort against the common en-
emy of tree States, we alone, the descendants of the Pil-
grims, bworu foe to civil and religious slavery, cooperate
with the oppiessoi to bind nations in his chains and diveit
the foice.soi one of his enemies fiom the mighty conflict.
Were not the teriitones of the United States sufficiently
extensive before the annexation of Louisiana, the pi ejected
reduction of Canada, and the seizuie of West Fioiida?
Already have we witnessed tiie admission of a State be-
yond the territorial limits of the United States, peopled by
inhabitants whose habits language, religion, and laws ate
repugnant to the genius of our Government, in violation of
the rights and interests of some of the parties to otu na-
tional poltties. The hardy people of the North stood in no
need of the aid of the South to protect them m their lib-
erties.J>
Such was the loyalty of Massachusetts to the
United States m that dark and trying hour.
Josiah Cluincy offered in the Senate of Massa-
chusetts this preamble and resolution:
" Whereas a proposition has been made to this Senate
for the adoption ot sundry lesolutions expressive of their
sense of the gallantry and good conduct exhibited by Cap-
tain James Lavvience, commander of the United .States-
ship-ot war Hornet, and tiie ofiiceis and erewot that ship,
in the dcstiuction ot his Majesty's <dup-of-war Peacock;
and wheieas it has been tound that/ormcr lesohdions of
thiskiiul passed on similar occasions iclativeto otherofficcis
engaged in a like scrrice have given gi cat discontent to many
ol the good people of this Commonwealth, it being consid
ered by them as an encouiagement and excitement to the
continuance of the present unjust, unnecessary. and iniqui-
tous war, and on that arcount the Senate of Massachusetts
have deemed it their duty to rcjrain from acting on the said
propositions; and wheieas, also, this determination of the
Senate may, without explanation, be construed into an in-
tentional slight of Captain Lawrence, and denial of his pai-
ticular merit4*, the Senate therefore deem it their duty to
ileclaie that they have a hiiih sen^e of the naval skill and
mihtaiy and civil virtues of Captain James Lawiencc, and
that they have been withheld on said proposition solely
fiom coimdeiations relative to the nature and principles of
the pi csent war. And to the end that all misrepiesentations
on this subject mav be obviated :
•' Jicsolrcd, (as tiie sense ot the Senate,) That in a war
like the piLsent, waged without justifiable cause, and pros-
ecuted in a mannei that indicate-, that conquest and ambi-
tion at c its real motives, it ts not beconinn  a moi al and re-
ligious people to expi ess any appioliation ot nuittnty oi naval
exploit.- winch are not immediately connected with thede-
tensc of our sea-coast and soil."
This resolution was adopted by the Senate of
Massachusetts 15th June, 181,3. if the present.
Senators from that State had been there, they
would have voted for it; and if any Senator had
introduced one in the same terms in relation to any
of our heroes who have fallen in this war, they
would have voted the expulsion of such Senator.
The Biitish authorities claimcd that many pris-
oncts taken by their cruiseis on board Ameiican
ships, as well native-born as naturalized citizens,
were the subjects of their king; and they were
thrown into loathsome prisons for safekeeping,
to be tried and hung, or shot, as traitors to George
111. In retaliation, and to insure the safety of
our unfortunate captive countrymen, a United
States maishal lodged some English pi isoners in
the jail of Worcester, Massachusetts, she and
most of the States having, soon after the Consti-
tution went into operation, passed a law granting
the use of her jails to the United States Govern-
ment. A mob of Massachusetts traitors and Brit-
ish sympathizers attacked the Worcester jail m
force, broke it open,and setfrec the British'host-
ages. The Worcester Gazette applauded this act
of treasonable violence, and denounced the Uni-
ted States marshal as "a lynx-eyed, full-blooded
bloodhound of Mr. Madison." The Boston Ad-
vertiser exulted over the success of this infamous
cnlerp)ise}<xnd denominated the liberated English
prisoners as " gallant officeis whom Mr. Madi-
son desired to answer for the lives of self-ac-
knowledged traitors, victims of a barbarous and crucl
policy
Soon afterwards, the Legislature of Massachu-
setts, in consummation of the shame and crime of
this affair, passed a law prohibiting the use of her
jails to the United States even for the confinement
of enemy prisoners to be held for the safety of
our capti\e countrymen about to be executed by
British authorities on fabricated charges of trea-
son, &c. And that Jaw authorized and required
the keepers of all Massachusetts jails within thirty
days from its passage to discharge any British
prisoners that were confined m them.
At the gloomiest periods of the war, and when
our country was most sorely pressed by her pow-
erful foe, the Massachusetts traders and shippers
took out licenses from the British consuls to carry
supplies to her armies in Spain and Portugal
