1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
where they were held from augmenting the armies
operating against us in their ^Veat struggle with
Bonaparte; and her people also smuggled on a
large scale to furnish the English armies and fleets
acting against us on this continent and its coasts.
One of those licensed ships was captured by an
American cruiser while on her illicit voyage to
Spain; and her owners had the assurance, to be
sure many years afterwards, to offer a petition to
Congress to be paid by the United States for their
ship and cargo.
The ground upon which the British party in
Massachusetts urged the original thirteen States
toabandon their Government and the other States,
and also upon which it proposed and pressed the
project that New England should make a separate
treaty of peace with Great Britain was, that they
were opposed to the war, and it was fatal to their
interests. But what language can express ade-
quate contempt for their purpose to skulk back
into the Union when the war should have term-
inated? They themselves furnished the only
parallel, and that was in hanging^out blue-lights
to instruct and lead the public enemy to their
country's disaster. That scheme, the separate
treaty, was strenuously advocated by the Boston
Advertiser.
An embargo law was passed as one of the war
measures of the United States; but it was de-
nounced by the traitors of Massachusetts as void
and of no effect; and by connivance between them
and the British consuls, was so extensively evaded
and defeated as to produce but small results.
That party and its presses habitually dispar-
aged and sneered at the victories won by our
armies over their English enemies.
After the battle of the Thames, the Salem Ga-
zette announced:
"At length the handful of British troops, which for more
than a year have baified the numerous armies of the Uni-
ted Status in the invasion of Canada, deprived of the genius
of the immottal Brock, have been obliged to yield to supo-
rioi power and numbers."
The Boston Advertiser published of that battle:
" We shall snrtender :ill oui conquer at a peace. It iss
indeed a hopeful exploit for Ilaiuson, with five thousand
troop-, who have been as^emblni^and pieparmcevcrsince j
Juh, 1812. to fight and conquer foui hundred andfittv worn- .
out. exhausted Biiti&h icgulaw, whom the Indians had pie-
viously deserted."
Another journal of the same class pronounced
Harrison's victory to be " the triumph of a crowd
of Kentucky savages over a handful of brave men
—no more than a march and their capture with-
out figluing."
Here, sit, is a most flagitious violation of the
truth in relation to the force of the British in that
battle. They were five times as much as these
papers state them to have been.
The gallant Lawrence fell, in the unequal fi^ht
of the Chesapeake with the Shannon, on his bloody
quarter-deck, and his last words, "Don'tgiveup
the ship," became the ocean slogan of America.
Anothorof our naval captains, Crowninsliield,
under a flag of truce, sailed for Halifax to bnng
to Salem the lemains of Lawrence, and while he
was on this sacred mission, and all the true men
of the nation were mourning the untimely death
of the hero, and Story had been appointed to speak
his funeral oration, one Boston journal announced
that this solemn eirandhad been undertaken "by
theprivateenng captain, Crowninshield;" and the
Boston Advertiser asked with scoffing malevo-
lence, '4 What honor can be paid where a Crown-
insliield is chief mourner, and a Story chief
piiest?" Governor Strong and his council, and
most of the Biitish paity, had no honois or ie-
spcct to pay to the martyrs in the cause of their
country's rights and independence, and therefore
they staid away from the funeral of Lawrence.
Two years and six months of war brought peace
to our country, and notwithstanding Massachu-
setts had struck in her cause with feeble arm and
traitor's heart, yet the nation's prowess on land
and ocean won for her tacitly but j or ever the
great international rights for which she had un-
sheathed the swoid.
Under the stimulants of fishing bounties and
high protective tariffs, Massachusetts industry
and enterprise soon commenced greatly to pros-
per. She regarded with sullen but nor very vo-
ciferous disapprobation the acquisitionofFlorida.
She probably would have been more demonstra-
tive if the negotiator had not been her own Adams.
When Texas was about to be annexed she be-
came very eruptive, and not only reprobated the
acquisition of foreign territory by joint resolution
of Congress, but reiterated her ancient and uni-
form position, that it could not be legitimately
done by the treaty-making power of our Govern-
ment. Her Legislature passed these resolutions:
"Resolved, That there has hitheito been no precedent of
he admission of foreign teriitory into the Union by legisla-
tion, and as the powets of legislation granted m the Con-
stitution of the United States to Confess do not embrace
the case of the admission of a foreign State or foreign terri-
tory by legislation into the Union, such an act of admission
would have no binding toice whatever upon the people of
iVussaeliusetts."
"Resolved, That the power never having been granted
by the people of Massachusetts to admit into the Union
States and Territories not within the same when the Con-
stitution was adopted,remains with the jicople, and can
only be exercised in such manner as the people hereafter
shall designate ami appoint."
It being the deliberate and oft-repeated judg-
ment of Massachusetts that the United States Gov-
ernment had no power to acqune Louisiana, Flor-
ida, and Texas, and that their acquisition was
detilmental to some of the States, and particularly
to Massachusetts, and she having been to so re-
cent a period vociferous and even frantic in the
expression of her desire and purpose that the
free States should cut loose from slavery and the
slave States, one would have thought that she
would have lushed to the acceptance of secession
by the rebel States. Except a few crazy fanatics
her people had always conceded fully that the
Constitution and the Union protected slavery in
the slave States. Mr. Webster, and all her emi-
nent jurists and statesmen, except John &• Adams,
admitted the truth of that proposition, without
any qualification or restriction whatever, and it
was because there was no other escape from the
protection which the Union and the Constitution
gave to slavery that they were both to be lepudi-
ated by the abolitionists.
But the abolition party within a few years had
got possession of the government of Massachu-
setts; and an extreme anti-slavery paity, at the
presidential election of 1856, had manifested a
most rapid and extraoi dinary growth. Here was
a new prospect breakmgupon henadicals. They
were not only meddling and fanatical, they not
only loved money, but also power. She had al-
ways dominated and hectored over New Eng-
land, and now opportunity was coming when, by
alertness, daring, and decision, she could thiow
herself at the head of the great new movement,
and assume m the nation audits councils the po-
sition and controlling influence which she had
maintained in New England from the beginning.
She would become the leading State of the United
States; and above all, she could minister to hol-
low philanthropy, fierce fanaticism, an din satiable
avarice, by ptocurnig the slaves and lands of the
rebels to be confiscated, and appropiiating to her-
self the lion's shaie. She has cntcied upon this
bold, ambitious,and wicked enteiprise, driven on
by the combined motive-power of all her leading
ehaiactenstics, eaeli one being highly stimulated
by it.
A strong ingredient with the Massachusetts men
also is this sentiment: " I have no slave; there is
none who call me master; and m that lespect no
one shall be above me, and I'll bring all to my
level." Never were there truer representatives
of that sentiment than her two Senators. Never
were there more unworthy and unsafe lights for
a great people than they and those whom they
represent.
In the excess of their hostility to slavery and
siaveowneis, I am at a loss to decide which dom-
inates, the mud man or the fiend. They show al! the
infernal malice of the one and the uncontrollable
fury of the other. The English language has hardly
any term ofiepioach and obloquy that they have
not each, again and again, hurled at slavery and
slaveowners. "The pollution of slavery," "the
great sin of mankind," " the shame and disgrace .
of the age," " the foulest stain on Christendom,"
" the degrading effects of slavery," " the demor-
alizing influences of slavery," "the brutalizing
influences of slavery," "the deformities and
degradation of character produced by slavery,"
"slave-aristocracy," "slave-oligarchy," " slave-
mongers," "slave-hunters," "slave-catchers,"
" slave-breeders," " s!ave-stealers,"and " slave-
pirates," are some of the epithets most prodigally
used by those Senators in debate in this Chamber. |
Sir, since the beginning of the present genera- I
tion a new disease has sprung~up in the United
States. It is sometimes called nigger on .the
brain;" and I have never known two subjects that*
had it in a greater degree of violence than the two
Senators from Massachusetts. The negro lias
made these two Senators. The worship of the ne-
gro and their demagoging in relation to him have
given them public position and office, and brought-
them to the Senate of the United States. They
have made the negro a hobby. Both have jumped
astride of him, and it is impossible to.determine
which one is befoie and which one is behind. I be-
lieve they alternate their positions in that respect.
But, sir, they fulfill the Scripture in one point.
We are commanded to remember our Creator
in the days of our youth. The negro has created,
those two Senators; and from their youth to the
present time they have been worshiping him with
an eastern devotion, and they will continue this
idolatry to the end of their lives. If they were
to cease it Othello's occupation would be gone.
Let me read one or two passages from the
speeches of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] in relation to the negroand a dissolution
of the Union. In a speech delivered at Faneutt
Hall, November 2, 1855, the Senator used these
words:
"Not that I love the Union less but freedom more do I
now in pleading this great case insist that freedom at all
hazards shall be preseived. God forbid that for the &akes
ol the Union we should sacrifice the veiy thing for which
the Union was made."
What is his position? That the Union was
made for negro freedom? Weil, sir, it was a
lorn; day coming. The Union was first made in
1774, when the old Articles of Confederation were
adopted. Independence was declared in 1776,and
the present Constitution was framed in 1787, all
for the white man,and the negro was never known
or dreamed of in any of those great transactions;"
and yet the honorable Senator says that the Union
was made for the freedom of the negro!
On the 19th and 20th of May, 1856, in a speech
delivered in the Senate, that Senator held this
revolutionary language:
"Ahead} the inustei has'begun. The strife is no longer
local, but nation.il. Even now while I spca{<, portents
liana on all tin; arches ol the horizon, threatening to darken
the bioad laud, which alieady yawns with themutlcrings of
civil war. The tury of ihe* propagandists of slaveiyand
tlie calm det  iinitiation of thciropponents are nowdilfu* ed
fiom the distant Temtory over wide-spread communities,
and the whole country in nil its extent—-marshaling hostile
divisions, and loieshadowing a strite, which, unless hap-
pily averted by tiie triumph of freedom, will becomc war—
frahicidal, parricidal war— with an accumulated wicked-
ness be} ond the wickedness of any war in human annals."
The gentleman's words were prophecy. They
are in terrible course of execution; and he has
given all the agency and energy to this war and
levolution for the dissolution of the Union to put
down slavery that he could command.
I will read" one other passage from a speech by
that Senator. In a debate in the Senate, June
26, 1854, Mr. Butler, of South Carolina, asked
that Senator this question:
" I would like to ask the Senator, if Congress repealed
the iumtivc slave law, would Massachusetts execute the
constitutional lequiremcnts, and send back to the South
the absconding slaves?
<' Mr. Sumner. Do you ask if I would send back slaves?
"Mr. J.utlru. Why, yes-.
"Mr. Sumnlii. {Is thy servant a dog, that ho should do
thife thing?'
••Mi. Butlfr. Then you would not obey the Constitu-
tion. Su, standing heie before this uibunal, wheie you
swore to siippnit it, you i isf and tell me that you teg.iid it
the olfiec ot a dog to support it. You stand in my pres-
ence, a cot qua! Senator, and tell me it is a dog's office to
execute the Constitution of the United State?-.
"Mr. Sumsck. I leeognize no such obligation.
Whatobligation ? No obligation tosupportthe
Constitution of the United States as it relates to
the rendition of fugitive slaves._ What exempted
that Senator fiom that obligation? Had he not
taken an oath to support the Constitution as a to-
tality? What right had he to make any mental
reservation? What right had he to except the
fugitive slave law, or a provision of the Constitu-
tion which every man who swears to support it
swears to sustain, to render back fugitive slaves?
Sir, if a violation of the oath, taken in the broad
terms in which the Senator has always taken it
when he qualified as a member of this body, had
been by law made perjury, and the Senator had
violated that oath, as he has violated it so often,
and he had been arraigned on the charge of per-
jury before any enlightened and independent
court, what would have been the judgment?
