2726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
tion of the several States as applied to the prop-
erty or debts or claims within those States. -
1 would liketo have the gentleman from Rhode
I eland consider these suggestions, and, if they
meet his approval, adopt them.
Mr. JENGKES. I do not profess to say, Mr.
Speaker, that the phrase in regard to this limita-
tion is the best phrase that could be used; but it
is entirely clear to my mind that it does not affect
the Slate limitation as to any rights of action for
or against the bankrupt. This is a special lim-
itation with regard to actions by or against the
assignee. It is adopted in this act because its
language, which has been used in previous acts,
has received a judicial construction, removing en-
tirely the objection which the gentleman from
"Wisconsin makes to it.
Mr. BROWN^ of Wisconsin. I think the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island is mistaken in regard
to its legal effect.
Mr. JENCKES. I have the language of the
former act before me; and I had it before me when
this section was drawn.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I still think the
gentleman is mistaken as to the legal effect of it.
Mr. JENCKES. It may be so; but I have
known judicial decisions on that very language,
taking the view which I have taken of it.
Mr. BROWN,of Wisconsin. Thepoint which
I make is this: the State act of limitations does not
•destroy the right; it merely closes the courts to
the remedy. This creates a new tribunal, and
provides a new limitation. Of course, by this
very provision, under the exclusive power vested
by the Constitution in Congress as to bankrupt
cases, the application of all these State statutes is
excluded. Under the Constitution of the United
States, an act of Congress passed in pursuance of
the power given in relation to bankrupts over-
rides all State statutes inconsistent with it. At
any rate, it can <lo no harm to hove my sugges-
tion adopted.
Mr. JENCKES. I understand that precisely
ns the gentleman from Wisconsin does.
Mr. BROWN,of Wisconsin. There is another
objection, but I do not know that, it would be, in
my mind, of vital importance. Still, 1 think the
language of the third section, on page 5 and line
three, is objectionable, it vests in the register
appointed by the court the power of making an
adjudication of bankruptcy, and makes that ad-
judication a binding decrec on which the right of
the Assignee to hold the property depends. It ap-
pears tome that itissuch a judicial powerasought
not to be vested in a register. Striking out the
words "adjudication of bankruptcy" would re-
move my objection to that. There is still one fur-
ther practical objection to this bill; but it likewise
is not vital m its character. It is n quest ion of con-
venience. Provision U made imtfctf the appoint-
ment of additional circuit and district judges when-
ever they become necessary through the increase
of judicial labors created by the bankrupt cases.
They would not necessarily, under the bill, be
appointed, but it appears to me that the appoint-
ment of additional circuit and district judges in
eueh district would be the practical HFect of the
provision, and that independently of their neces-
sity in fact. 1 should prefer that the provision
were not inserted. Still, 1 do not deem the ob-
jection as one of vital importance.
Mr. JENCKES. There may be three districts
where it will be necessary to have additional
judgos.appoimed; but there cannot be more than
three. They will not be appointed, under the
terms of this bill, unless the necessity for the ap-
pointment exists. If the gentleman from Wis-
consin will examine the bill more closely he will
find that neither of his objections is of any force,
as he himself admits that they are not vital. As
1 understand the bill it is not susceptible to his
criticism on these points. If any member has an
amendment to offer I will yield for the purpose of
hearing and considering it.
Mr. PRU YN. In the last clause of the bill, on
the 74th page, \ suggest to the gentleman that he
strike out the word September'* and insert
"January/5 so that the bill shall take effect at
that time. It is not supposed, \ presume, that
this bill shall become a law much before the 1st
of July,and it seems tome that sixty days'notice
is a very short one for the people of the country
to have of a law of this character.
Mr. JENCKES. My object was to allow the
bill to go into operation in time for matters under
it to be brought before the fall term of the courts.
However, if the gentleman will be satisfied with
the 1st of October or the 1st of November, I will
not object to such an amendment.
Mr. PRUYN. It seems to me that a bill work-
ing such radical changes and intended to be so per-
manent in its character ought to have more tnan
sixty days before going into effect. I hope the
gentleman will accept the 1st day of January.
Mr. JENCKES. I am willing to accept the 1st
of October if that will satisfy the gentleman.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 think that is too short a time.
Mr. STROUSE. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER.
Mr. STEVENS.
the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
GOLD BILL.
The SPEAKER. The first business before the
House is the consideration of Senate bill No.
106, prohibiting speculative transactions in gold,
silver, or foreign exchange, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. HOOPER. I desire to call attention to the
It has.
I move to go to business on
word " privilege," in the first line of the fifth
Section, Which sllO Ll iwwl " nrivilpiruM " i mnvp
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I have now an amendment
which I offer as a substitute for the first section
of the bill, and on which I propose to call the
previous question.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out the first section of the bill, as follows:
That all sales or agreement to sell gold, silver, or foreign
exchange nre hereby declared null and void, unless the
full amount of the purchase money for such gold, silver,or
foreign exchange shall be paid at the time of such sale or
agreement to sell. And all money paid in partial payment,
or us u margin on the wile or agreement to sell gold, silver,
or foreign exchange may be reclaimed or recovered in any
court ol competent jurisdiction at the suit either of the
person paying buoli money or of tin; United States upon
the information of any peison; .and it Is hereby made the
duty of the neveial di^tuct attorneys ol the United States
to prosecute mich suits in the name of the United States,
And one third of the amount recovered «hall he p:ud to the
mlormer, one third to the district attorney prosecuting the
cabe in lieu oi all other fees allowed m sueh cases,andone
third to be paid into the Treasury of the United States.
And inseit in lieu thereof the ibflowtng:
That it shall be unlawful to make any contract, for the
purchase or sale or delivery of an> gold coin or bullion to
be delivered on any day subsequent to the day of making
eueh contract, or lor the, payment of any muu, either fixed
or contingent, in default of the delivery of any gold com or
bullion, or to make such eontruet upon any othoi terms than
the actual dehveiy <i( mk-Ii cold coin oi bullion,and the
payment in lull oi' the agieed price thereof, on the day on
which such contract is made, in United StatoMiotes oi na-
tional currency, and not otherwise ; or lo make any con-
tract for the pntelmse or sale or delivery of any foreign ex-
change to be delivered at any tune beyond ten days Mib'-c-
nuent t,o the making of .such contract; or for the payment
of any sum, either fixed or contingent, in delault of the
dehveiy of any foreign exchange, oi upon any other terms
than ihe actual delivery of sued foreign exchange, within
ten day* ftom the making of such contract, and the imme-
diate payment in lull of the agreed price theieofon the day
of delivery in United Stales notes or national currency ;
or to make any contract whatever for the Kiie or delivery
of any gold coin or bullion of which the person making
such contract shall not, at the time of making the same, be
in actual possession. And it shall be unlawful to make any
loan of money or currency not being in eoin to be repaid
in coin or bullion, or to make any loan of coin or bullion to
be repaid in money orcurreney other than coin; orto make
any other contiactcontaimng any stipulation for payment
otherwise than in lawful money.
Mr. HOOPER. This section has been very
carefully prepared, to obviate any interference
with regular legitimate business, and I think will
accomplish the purpose for which the bill is in-
tended, to prevent speculative transactions m coin
and gold. Now, sir, unless some persons desire
to discuss the amendment, I will move the pre-
vious question on this section.
Mr. PENDLETON moved that there be a.call
of the House, and demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 3S, nays 62; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Augustus 0. Baldwin, James
S. Brown, Chanler, Coft'roth, Thomas T. Davis, Dawson,
Eden, Edgeiton, I'mek, Grtdei, Guswold, Hall, Harding,
Hanington, Charles M. Harris, Herrick, lloluian, Asahel
YV. llubbard. Julian, Knapp, Lazear, Le Blond, Long,
Mullory, McDowell, James K. Mortis, Pendleton, Periy,
Pruyn,John II. Jliee, Snuthers, Strouse, Upson, Ward,
Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White,and Woodbridge—38.
1 NAYS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ashley, Baily,
Jolin D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Bliss, Boyd,
Hroomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Driggs, Eckley,
Eliot, Famswortli, Fenton, Frank, Ganson, Gooch, Grin-
nell, Hale, Hlgby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, King, Littlejohn, Loan, Marvin, Mc-
Allister, McClurg, Mclndoe, Moorhead, Daniel Morris,
Amos Myers, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham,
Price, Alexander H. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Schenck,
Seofield, Shannon, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas,
Tracy, Van Valkenburgh, Efihu B. Washburne, William
B. Washburn, Williams, Wilder, and Wilson—62.
So the House refused to order a call.
Mr. MALLORY moved that the House ad-
journ, and called for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mallory
and Hooper were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 27, n<5es 68.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope, by unanimous con-
sent, this bill will be allowed to remain on the
Speaker's table, and that we shall take up the
tariff bill.
Mr. FENTON. This bill is to come up as the
first business in the morning, I understand.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to that.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move that the House
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ingersoll
and Eden were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 48, noes 45.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at nine o'clock and five minutes) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 4, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal was dis-
pensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS*
Mr. GRIMES presented resolutions of the levy
court of the county of "Washington, District of
Columbia, in favor of the passage of an act au-
thorizing that court to levy and collect a tax on
the assessable property in Washington county
outside the limits of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, sufficient to raise the portion of the
direct tax imposed by the act of August 5, 1861,
chargeable on the county of Washington, and that
the tax may be apportioned between the cities
and the county according to the assessmentmade
last prior to the passage of that act; which were
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
He ulso presented a memorial of the levy court
of the county of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, in favor of the passage of the bill (S. No.
184) to amend an act entitled "An act to define
the powers and duties of the levy court of the
county of Washington, District of Columbia, in
regard to roads, and for other purposes;" which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FOOT presented a memorial of citizens of
Burlington, Vermont, remonstrating against the
extension of the Goodyear patent for the manu-
facture of vulcanized India rubber; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
He also presented a petition of farmers, wool-
growers, and citizens of Rutland county, Ver-
mont, praying that the duty on imported wool may
be so increased as to produce the largest revenue
and at the same time protect American interests;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying for the pas-
sage of the bill (H. R. No. 276) to secure to per-
sons in the military and naval service of the
United States homesteads on confiscated or for-
feited estates in insurrectionary districts; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented the petition
of Jacob Steeg, praying for the payment of al-
leged arrears of pay for services rendered as band
leader of the third regiment Michigan volunteers;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
