1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2727
He also presented the petition of Mrs. Brandt,
widow of Frederick Brandt, praying to be reim-
bursed for loss sustained by the sacking of Law-
rence, Kansas, by duantrell and his band on the
21st of August, 1863; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer petitions from 90,062
men and women calling upon Congress to pass
an act of immediate emancipation throughout the
United States, being from Connecticut, 4,738;
Tennessee, 31; Virginia, 205; Rh,ode Island, 314;
Missouri,845; P&nnsylvania, 1,754; New Hamp-
shire, 3,537; Indiana, 9,945; Illinois, 14,766; Iowa,
6,638; Kansas, 500; Maine, 7,089; Minnesota,
1,396; Massachusetts, 3,438; North Carolina,
22; Ohio, 8,686; New York, 13,349; New Jersey,
1,110; Vermont,4,392; Wisconsin,8,314; Michi-
gan, 5,892; Nebraska Territory, 101. 1 ask the
reference of these petitions to the select commit-
tee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. DAVIS. Permit me to make a suggestion
to the honorable Senator. Will he have the kind-
ness to write to these petitioners to petition Con-
gress to change the negroes into white people,
and then he will have the thing done? [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator understand
that that is within their power?
Mr. DAVIS. If they can do it, it is.
The petitions were referred to the select com-
mittee on slavery and freedmen.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
299) authorizing the levy court of Washington
county, in the District of Columbia, to levy and
collect its portion of the direct tax imposed by the
act of Congress of August 5, 1861; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 300) to
amend an act to incorporate the Washington
and Georgetown Railroad Company, approved
May 17, 1862; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
ARMY REGISTER.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of the
Aimy Register be punted for the use of the Senate.
PAYMENT OP OHIO MILITIA.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up House
bill No. 293. I know there will be no objection
to it when it is read, and it ought to be passed at
once.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No.293)to provide for the payment of the second
regiment, third brigade, Ohio volunteer militia,
during the time they were mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that the
second regiment, third brigade, Ohio volunteer
militia, mustered into the service of the United
States at Cincinnati, on the 4th day of Septem-
ber, 1862, notwithstanding irregularity may have
occurred in the manner of their mustering into
the service of the United States, shall be paid for
the time the officers and men were in the service,
respectively, after being so mustered, not, how-
ever, to exceed the period of thirty days.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PERK MARQUETTE AND FLINT RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 42, extending the time for
the completion of the railroad from Pere Mar-
quette to Flint. I will say that the joint resolu-
tion has been considered by the Committee on
Public Lands, and they have reported it back fa-
vorably, with a short amendment to which I have
no objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 42) to extend the time for the re-
version to the United States of the lands granted
by Congress to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Pere Marquette to Flint, and for the
completion of said road, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. By its terms the time
specified in the fourth section of the act of Con-
gress approved June 3, 1856, entitled "An act
making a grant of alternate sections of the public
lands to the State of Michigan to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State, and
for otherpurposes," forthe reversion to the Uni-
ted States of the lands granted by that act to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Pere Mar-
quette to Flint, and for the completion of the
road, is to be extended for five years.
The amendment of the Committee on Public
Lands was to insert the words " and a railroad
from Little Bay de Noquette to Marquette, and
thence to Ontonagon" after "road, in line
eleven.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
and the amendment was concurred in. The joint
resolution was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (No. 217) for the relief of Warren
W. Green.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 504)
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
sell the marine hospital and grounds at Chicago,
Illinois, and to purchase a new site and build a
new hospital; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furl her announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempnrc:
A bill (S. No. 236) to provide for granting an
honorable discharge to coal-heavers and firemen
in the naval service;
A bill (H. R. No. 426) to create an additional
supervising inspectorof steamboats and two local
inspectors of steamboats for the collection district
of Memphis, Tennessee, and two local inspectors
for the collection districtof Oregon, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 469) extending the time for
the completion of the Marquette and Ontonagon
railroad of the State of Michigan;
A joint resolution (S. No. 35) to compensate
the sailors on the gunboat Baron de Kalb for loss
of clothing; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 51) authorizing the
acceptance of a certain testimonial from the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had yesterday approved
and signed an act (H. R. No. 395) to provide a
national currency, secured by a pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had yesterday approved and
signed an act (S. No. 218) to repeal the first sec-
tion of tlie joint resolution relative to the transfer
of persons m the military service to the naval
service, approved February 24, 1864.
RAILROADS IN MICHIGAN.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No.250) to amend an actentitled "An act making
a grant of alternate sections of public lands to the
State of Michigan, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in said State, and for other pur-
poses," was concurred in. The amendment was
to add the following proviso to the first section of
the bill:
Provided further, That the time specified in the fourth
section of the act heieby amended lor the completion of
said railroad shall not be extended.
ARMY NEWS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore submitted the
following communication from the War Depart-
ment, winch was read to the Senate:
War Department, June 4, 10 a. m.
Sir: Dispatches from General Grunt's headquarters,
dated at three o'clock yesterday afternoon, have just been
received.
No operations took place on Thursday.
Yesterday, at half past four o'clock in the mornlngjGen-
eral Grant made an attack on the enemy's lines, of which
he makes the following report:
" We assaulted at half past four o'cloek a.m., driving the
enemy within his intrenchments all points, but without
any decisive advantage.
" Our troops now occupy a position close to the enemy
—some places within fifty yards—and are remaining.
" Our loss was not severe, nor do I suppose the enemy to
have lost heavily.
" We captured over three hundred prisoners, mostly from
Breckinridge."
Another later and official report, but not from General
Grant, estimates the number of our killed and wounded at
about three thousand.
The following officers are among the killed: Colonel
Haskell, thiity-sixth Wisconsin; Colonel Forter, eighth
New York heavy artillery; Colonel Morris, sixty-sixth
New York.
Among the wounded are General II. O. Tyler, seriously,
will probably lose a foot; Colonel McMahan, one hundred
and sixty-fourth New York; Colonel Byrnes, twenty-
eighth Massachusetts, probably mortally; Colonel Brooks,
fifty-third Pennsylvania.
Very respectfully, See.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Daniel Clark, President of the Senate.
IIOUSJE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 504) to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to sell the marine hospital arid grounds at
Chicago, Illinois, and to purchase a new site and
build a new hospital, was read twice by its title,
and referred to tne Committee on*Naval Affairs.
RIIODA WOLCOTT.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the bill (H. R. No. 290) for the relief of
Rhoda Wolcott, widow of Henry Wolcott, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendment to
the said bill disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and agree to the conference asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the Ihesident pro tempore.
Messrs. Foster, Brown, and Buckalew were
appointed.
LAND CLAIMS OF "WISCONSIN.
On motion of Mr. HO WE, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the joint resolution (S. No.
8) for the relief of the State of Wisconsin, the
pending question being on the amendment of Mr.
Collamer to add tho following as an additional
section:
And he il further rPiolrpd, That this joint involution is
passed on the condition that before anything is paid tof-aid
State nuclei the game, the State shall make proviMon that
whatever sum h deducted from the five per cent, on the
sales of public Iamls m said State in puiauanco hereof,
shall by said State ;be replaced for the u<e of schools in
said State.
Mr. HOWE. I beg leave to say in reference to
the amendmentthat i was not prepared to huarit,
and I do not understand why it should be oftVied.
The Senator from Vermontcloarly concedes what I
asserted in the outset, that no liability attaches to
the State of Wisconsin for the administration or
maladministration of the canal grant other than
that which I stated myself, to account for the
money received on the sale of those lands. That
we have been ready to account for ever since the
State government of Wisconsin was organized,
that we are still ready to account for. The Uni-
ted States have m their Troasuiy a large sum of
money belonging to the State of Wisconsin, and
which was granted to that State, as the Sena-
tor from Vermont rightly says, for purposes of
education. The United States have held on to
that fund down to this time. Why? To com-
pel the State, it now seems, to pay back the fund
which she has always been willing to pay back.
The Senator does not insist that we ought to be
charged for that any more than we are willing to
be charged for. He intimates that the law would
give the right to charge us twenty shillings an
acre, but he does not insist upon that amount
being paid. Still, what we received, he says,
ought to be paid. We are willing to pay it. " But
he says that before you will take it and pay us
the five per cent, fund we must laise the amount
that would so be applied out of the five per cent,
fund to pay this balance in our hands and make
the school iund guud. There are just two ob-
jections to that.
In the first place, if the theory of the Senator
from Vermont is correct, you never appropriated
