1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12S
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Policy of the Administration—Mr. Gride,r.
Ho; of Reps.,
.outright, it has been done, and is doing;, indirectly.
Mr.Webster again:
" I have often, Mr. President, expressed the opinion that
over fUvery as it exists in the States this Government has
no control whatever. It is entirely and exclusively a State
concern. And while it is thus clear that Congress has no
direct power over the subject, it is our duty to take care
that the authoiity of this Government is not brought to beai
upon it by any indirect interference whatever."
In view of that, what do you think of your
policy, your recent policy, your indirect, repeated
interferences? The baggage wagons of the Fed-
eral Army have traveled the pikes and roads in
Kentucky filled with slaves received or seduced
into the Army line, and under the new article of
war and military ascendency the owner was per-
emptorily refused his property; property belong-
ing to men, women, and children. This was in-
direct interference, indirect emancipation, and by
the laws of Kentucky a felony. Mr. Fillmore,
1 believe, ordered out the Army to enforce the
fugitive slave law; but now the whole Army is
encouraged to resist its execution, and some of
them do it most effectively. And while this is
the state of the case it is true, as the President
"All the members of Congress swear their support to the
whole Constitution, to this provision as much as any other.
To the proposition, then, that slaves whose cases come
will)in me tonus of this clause shall be delivered up, their
oaths are unanimous. And should any one in any case be
content that his oath should be unkept?"
Go unkept! Why, sir, it is one of the purposes
of Congress to violate if they can, and repeal the
fugitive slave law. Go unkept! Have not the offi-
cers of the Army retained by force servants from
their masters? Have they been dismissed, even
reprimanded? Not one of them; but others, that
choose not to subserve the purposes of military
interference with slavery, have been peremptorily
discharged without charge or notice or trial.
i hope there will soon be some just considera-
tion of this great subject and great danger. Sir,
when the great battles of the war are fought, our
aims successful, and you take the subjugated
South as your Temtoncs, to be reorganized into
fiee States by men sworn to support the procla-
mation, by emigiants, many of them foreign, and
fiee negroes; when raids, guerrillas, and drilled
bands are everywhere in the country, upon hill
and dale, mountain and valley, spoiling you of
your substance, resisting your authority, then
you will have trouble to control your Aimy by
that time mostly, (according to your policy,) em-
igrants, foreigners, and slaves. You had better
now teach the Army some lessons of order, that
private property is to be held inviolate, unices, in
m fact, you intend literally a war of extermina-
tion. You will have millions of contrabands on
your hands not operatives; you will but be able,
after the ravages of war, to' furnish subsistence
to favored citizens, the speculator, the covetous,
and the Army; and your contrabands taken from
comfort and home, will be permitted in theiraban-
doned nakedness to starve. You are going in
your policy upon a big scale, a wholesale dealer.
How is it now in its incipiency? Let us hear
from the Boston Recorder, a religious journal:
"We are indignant at this shameless noithern cupidity
wuh its Jon§, sharp shears always open, ready to clip the
fi^cee of black and white alike, so that it can fill it- own
sack with the proceeds."
Again:
"The plan adopted in the Southwest to work the plant-
ations with lured ireedmen needs overhauling. The blacks
have no libeity to select their own place of labor; they are
compelled to work on the estates where they are at the rate
of seven dollars a month, and half of this in kind at the
pi ico fixed by theii employers. This is only the semblance
of freedom, and this remuneration most meager, less than
the ionrih of a doliai a day, and only half of that in cash.
This t  enriching the new race of northern planters at an
altogether dwpiopoitionare rate. We hear of large lortunes
accumulating m the. hands of many of our people who are
overseeing these plantations, and are expected to be back
again in a year or two like nabobs returning from the In-
dies."
Same paper:
" It will require the utmost vigilance on the part of this
(the treedmen'*) and all other associations for the relief of
freedmen in the coiningsumm<jr and fail to save them O'oni
the eei tain destruction that awaits thein from the heartless
cupidity of money-gathering advemmers and traders. The
Xlinsfssippi valley is swarming with these unprincipled
men."
These good shepherds (not of Israel) have gone
down there, taken possession of the pastures,
property, and country from their original own-
ers, to guard the sheep, especially the black sheep,
from the wolf. All the promptings of abolilion
philanthropy! Why do not these shepherds let
the wolf (the master) have the sheep? Simply
because they want to rob the sheep of his wool
and eat him themselves.
You are by force pressing your party purposes,
distracting society, pouring oil upon fire, fixing
up the African in our midst for starvation, mis-
ery, demoralization, arid extinction; and then pro-
posing the iniquity by an amendment to the Con-
stitution, I snail consent to no such legislation.
My constituents look to no such scheme. Ken-
tucky, although submitting to the slave draft,
desires no such hasty and rash action forced upon
her. She has answered as a State; she has an-
swered by districts. If she would, she could not
emancipate in less than six or seven years. She
has all the constitutional power, but she does not
move. No, sir; this is net the time. Let us put
down the rebellion, or otherwise get pcace, be-
come calm, restored to amity; and if ever done,
when it is done let it be done " decently and in
order, "as the Constitu tion was adopted, by states-
men and patriots, not as partisans and zealots;
done in the fear of God, invoking His favor. Sir,
whenever done by the commanding voice of the
constitutional majority of the United States, wuh
a view to the good of the whole country, Ken-
tucky will never be found recreant to her duty,
her fame, or her loyalty. But she will ask it to
be done right, right to her citizens, right to her
slaves, before ever she consents to its ratification,
or to surrender the trust committed to her hands
by the providence of God. Iler slaves must be
indemnified, cared for better than they are now,
have food and raiment, and such advancement as
they need and are competent to receive, not per-
mitted to go back into barbarism; and if removed,
given all the advantages of arts, science, and lit-
erature they are competent to receive, and espe-
cially, as they have now, the evei lasting gospel
of God, bearing upon its messages of love the
golden gates of a holy religion, always open, in-
viting them to enter through to the great temple
of eternal rest.
Mr. Chairman, " this is a dark and gloomy
day, big with the fate of Cffisur and of Rome." 1
am not in despair, but I am glootny even amidst
the recent victories of our aims under our in-
domitable leader. For we must survey and be
appalled at the dread necessities of this teiuble
strife. But when i remember the high-noon of
our prosperity, when 1 think of the illimitable do-
main of our country in all its exuberance, when 1
take my stand-point upon our mountain heights,
and view our valley sand hills, infinite ill resomces
and infinite in production, when I think of our
commerce with eveiy people upon every sea,and
our great rivers and lakes; when 1 calculate the
null ions of our increasing population, enlightened,
prosperous, full of energy, every one happy (aside
from the war) from the humblest place to the high-
est official; when I tell you this is the land of our
fathers, a land consecrated by their blood to re-
ligious liberty and constitutional freedom; why
should I even in this crisis despair? 1 will not
despair. I may be despondent, but I will hope
and trust. But who can but he uneasy when we
hear the partisan utterance m this Hall, as 1 have
said, devoutly tt.ankingGod, " Wc have an abo-
lition Army too?" When we see partisan zeal in
the House invoking partisan power in thcArmy;
when we have six or eight cases of contested elec-
tions brought before the House in all their per-
plexities and uncertainties, predicated upon the
allegations of military interference with the free-
dom of the citizen, the" right of suffrage at the polls;
this, the highest and dearest right of an American
citizen, underlying the base of our political fabric
—symbolized more than ail other rights bV the
banner of the country floating fiee! fiee! glon-
ously free, ill the breeze!
Military interference was not charged in the
third congressional district; it was discouraged,
1 know, by some of the military and politicians;
the majorities at the last and preceding election
show it; being about the same, not quite so large
as the last time for the successful candidate. Cer-
tainly there ought to be none, for every man
should bow wuh deference to the legal, loyal, un-
disturbed votes of the .sovereign . people, ascer--
tained by law through the judgesondeivi! aiftl;or;.
ities appointed by our courts. .No molestation ,
by any military array at the ballot-box. I speak -
of general principles and not of. partic.ujar caees. ,
I trust military interference in thisi regard is-over
forever in this country. It,ought to prostrate
any party or policy thanwould permit it; its tend- ,
ency is fatal and ruinous. How would it,be in
our coming elections, pregnant wilh results so
fearfully important and of infinite consequences
to this country and the whole people? Letelec-
tious be left to the ciyil authorities to judge, gov-
ern, and" determine by the laws, officers, and
agencies of the States. Let not;the specter of
military tyrants haunt the sanctuary of an Amer-
ican freeman in the exercise of his highest privi-
lege and most patriotic duty. Wiien this shall
obtain, then not only may we be i,n gloom, but
the dark cloud of utter hopelessness and despair
settles over the land, and the goddess of liberty
elevated over this temple, dedicated to constitu-
tional freedom, with waitings and tears of deep-
est anguish, yields to the fell spoiler of military
despotism. Why,, sir, last week, not in the
House, military despotism was boldly advocated
by Wendell Phillips; the reconstruction of the
rebel States upon the basis of the loyal blacks,
the country to be kept in Territories twenty years,
and the Government to be trusted with a military
despotism. There'is not only a fearful war, but
fearful revolution of settled usages and principles
of the Government in progress. May God avert
them from utter ruin.
But 1 may touch most briefly some few other
subjects. Passing over the momentous questions
of arrest without warrant, martial law, and deny-
ing the right to the writ of habeas corpus where
the civil authorities can execute the law, I beg
leave to suggest a few things, more recently re-
vived upon tlte public mind, settled, as 1 suppose,
in the fust aiticleto the Amendments of the Con-
stitution, and the usages of this Government:
Congress shall make no law abridging the fiee-
dom of speech or of the press; and these two iest
upon the same principle. Whoever objects to
either is retrograding in principle and policy. The
right to exercise these privileges is consistent with
our very nature and endowments, consistent with
the assumption that we are rational, capable of
self-government; that we have the capacity to dis-
criminate between truth and falsehood, between
good and evil, and have transferred none of our
high rights anil privileges to others, but may
write, read, and determine upon nil subjects for
ourselves, both as it regards men, morals, prin-
ciple, and policy. It is too late to question this
right or interfere with its exercise. The most
arroganttyrants ought to blush to assail it. Itis
a long-settled principle. Kent's lecture, 24:
" It lias become a constitutional principle in tins coun-
try tiiat every citizen may freely speak, write, and pablis.Ii
his sentiments upon all subjects, and that no law can
rnrbtlully be passed to restrain or abridge Use freedom of
the press."
Blackstone, 152:
11 Every freeman has an undoubted ri?bt to lay what
sentiments lie pleases before the public. To forbid thi  is
to destroy the freedom of the press."
None but tyrants desire its suppression or de-
struction, and none others try it. Speech and
reason are the very characteristics of man; deny
him the right of free speech and you take from
him one of the prerogatives that God and the Con-
stitution have both given him. It was upon these
great principles unfettered, and the honesty and
intelligence of the people, Mr. Clay announced,
" Truth is omnipotent and public justice certain."
Free speech, a free press, and free suffrage ! when
these constitutional rights are overwhelmed and
gone our liberties are gone too, and we are all
slaves. The right of free speech must, for the
sake of its efficiency, be subject to liberal parlia-
mentary not party order. Kent, page 17:
"The liberal communications of sentiment and entne
freedom of di*cussion in respect to the character and con-
duel of public men and of candidates for public (avor, is
deemed essential to the judicious exercise of the right of
sufhage and that control over their rulers which resides in
tlie people of the United States."
Sir, this tendency to arbitrary dominion pre-
vails everywhere; it has entered the sanctuaries
and temples of religion; and men have been scat
