THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
TTIh OM'IQIAL PROCEEDINGS OF COXGBESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN G. RIVES, WASHINGTON", P. C. " !.
Thikty-Eigiith Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY ID, 1864.
New Series..:..So. 45.
Mi'- DOOHTTLE. Upon that subject 1 re-
member tit fit the Senator from Kentucky spoke
twice,' at great length; and in the course
of his remarks I am quite confident that he in-
dulged as much perhaps i "the use of adjectives
and epithets as any other Senator in the course
of that debate. But I supposed that that ques-
tion- was disposed of, and that that was not now
the subject-matter of controversy; that the per-
sonal question hud passed by. At all events, the
time of the Senate is too piecious to be thus wasted,
and I think the dignity of the body ought to be
preserved above such personal vituperation.
Mi. DAVIS. Mr. President, I think 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator will
pardon the Chair for a moment, the Chair, on the
suggestion of the Senator from ^Massachusetts,
did rule that, in his opinion the Senator from Ken-
tucky was out of order; that it was unparliament-
ary and undignified, at least, to use the epithets
which the Senator uttered. Such language is cer-
tainly not in accordance with parliamentary law,
and the Chair so rules.
Mr. DAVIS. I withd raw the language.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator there-
fore is now under the control ofthe Senate, and he
cannot proceed, under the rules of the Senate,
without the leave ofthe Senate.
Mr. WILSON. In culling the Senatorto order,
I did not by any means intend to prevent him
going on with his speech. I hope he will be al-
lowed to finish his speech. I thought the language
certainly of an unparliamentary character, and I
wished also to say a word in reply at the same
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection on the part of the Senate, the Senator fiom
Kentucky will proceed in order.
Mr. GRIMES. I must object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ifobjected to, then
it must be a vote of the Senate that will authorize
him to go on.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the Senate will per-
mitthe Senator to proceed. I concurentirely with
the member from Wisconsin and the Chair, that
a great deal of what has fallen from the Senator
from Kentucky is not suited to the forum in which
he is. A debate carried on in that spirit, the spirit
of invective and personal crimination, answers no
good and can answer no good, and, in my opinion,
is attended by nothing but mischief. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky, however, has peihaps some
excuse (for in my judgment he can have but
an excuse, not a justification) in the course which
the Senator from Massachusetts, who has called
him to order, himself pursued. 1 understand him I
now to be implying to what has fallen from the j
Senator from Massachusetts thmughout the de- j
bate. In the speech with which the Senator from :
Massachusetts first supported his resolution of
expulsion, which was wiiften out, if I recollect
aright, and which was read by the member from
Massachusetts, there weie a great many things
that I am sure he would not have inserted if he
had reflected at the time upon their effect, and the
rights and the feelings of the member from Ken-
tucky, and upon the decorum, if he will permit
me to say so, that should characterize the debates
of this body.
I regretted it very much at the time, and I have
regretted it ever since, and when the Senator from
Kentucky in reply dealt m terms of crimination,
which I suppose he would not have done but for
what he believed to be a sufficient provocation,
I sn^^ested—without saying to whom—that I
thought the Senator was going rather beyond the
license which pailiamentary rules gave him, and
the answer I got was that it was true, but it was
justified by whathad fallen from the Senator from
Massachusetts.
When the resolution of expulsion was about
to be withdrawn, as the Senate will recollect, the
Senator from Massachusetts, instead of asking
leave to withdraw it, as ] was m hopes he would
have done, without making any explanation ex-
cept such as was necssary to" justify his witK-
drawin°r it, indulged in very severe remarks. His
45
personal invecfive, as it seemed to me, was as
bitter as anything I have heard from the Senator
from Kentucky. It was because, as I suppose,
of the last remarks of the member from Massa-
chusetts and his opening remarks that the Sena-
tor from 'Kentucky thought himself justified in
adopting the same course. But the Senate have
already told him by the decision of the Chair,
which nobody finds fault with, I am suie, but
which everybody approves, that that kind of de-
bate is not within the parliamentary rules of the
Senate and the license which they give, and not
suited to the decorum ofthe Senate. I am satis-
fied, therefore, that, with the reflection with which
the Senator from Kentucky thinks atall times, he
will see that it is not only due to the body and
due to the Senator from Massachusetts, but due to
himself, that in further prosecuting the debate he
should abstain very cautiously from indulging in
personal crimination.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow me
a word, I hope there will be no objection to the
Senator from Kentucky going on and concluding
his speech. 1 certainly should not have risen to
a point of order if I had supposed that it would
have interrupted the course of his speech.
The Senator from Maryland has alluded to my
remarks on a former occasion. The Senator spoke
to me personally the, other day in regaid to one
expression of my speech, and i told' him that I
certainly did not wish to be understood to mean
what some persons had inferred I did mean in
that remark. In my remarks then, and in with-
drawing the resolution, while I spoke and criti-
cised plainly the language of the Senator from
Kentucky, 1 do not know that I uttered a word
to demean or to degrade him or to wound his feel-
ings—nothing more than what 1 supposed to be
legitimate debate. If I have ever done so towaul
any man in the Senate, it has always caused me
more pain than it did that person, 1 am sure.
TheSenatorm his reply,!twill be remembered,
spoke very freely, and tiaveled, as I thought, out
of the record, and I felt that I had a riglit'to com-
plain of it. He referred to anonymous informa-
tion, &c.; and certainly anybody who will turn
ba< k and will read the debates will see that that
Senator indulged veiy freely m comments and in
remarks upon me pei sonally. lie has done so
to-day to a considerable extent, and held me re-
sponsible for meetings which I have never heard
of and never attended, and for one meeting, I
think, in particular, m regaid to which 1 wrotea
letter condemning it, which was published m the
Louisville Journal, which I have in my posses-
sion, with nearly a column of commendation for
us devotion to the country, its nationality, and
spirit of paUiotism. 1 refer to the Worcester
meeting. I hope, howevei, the Senator will be
permitted to go on and finish his speech in his
own way.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask leave, of the Senate
and the Chair to make a remark.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
make his remark^ if there be no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senator makes his
remark, if the Senate will pardon me, I wish to
say I am notawaie that since the Senator has
been m this body I have ever made any allusion
to him m debate. Certainly 1 took no part in
the discussion the other day to which reference
has been made.
Mr. DAVIS. I concede that.
Mr. SUMN"ER. I mean now simply to add
that the Senator is perfectly welcome to go on just
as long as the Senate will listen, and attack me till
doomsday.
Mr. GRIMES. I supposed that the contro-
versy between the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] and the Senator from Kentucky
was settled some days ago; and I did not think
that it comported with the dignity of the Senate,
saying nothing about the dignity and character
of the Senator from Kentucky himself, for him
to come in here after having gather*.d up every-
thing in connection with the history of Massa-
chusetts, or what he supposed was disparaging
to that State, or in connection with the past po-
litical career ofthe Senators from Massachusetts*
and vomit it here in the presence of the Senate.
But if Senators see fit to continue to listen for two
successive days to a speech of .t.his description,
I suppose I can stand it as long they can. In
withdrawing my objection I wish it distinctly un-
derstood that I only withdraw it upon the con-
dition that the Senator from Kentucky shall here-
after proceed in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the rule.
If, therefore, there be no objection, the Senator
from Kentucky will proceed in order. The Chair
hears no objection. The Senator will therefore,
proceed in order.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I make irfy ac-
knowledgments to the Senate' for this privilege*
and I will make this remark in connection with
it: it has been the rule of* my life never to be an
aggressor, and where I, from tli'e heat of the mo-
ment orany other infirmity, become an aggressor,
the greatest pleasure that can be afforded me is
to make the amende honorable at once. But it is
an irrepressible principle of my nature, and lean-
not avoid its operation, that just as any Senator
or any gentleman meets me in the Senate or out
of the Senate, precisely in the same temper and
manner do I reply to him. Now, sir, I do not
wish to attempt to abuse the privilege the Senate
has granted me, but I do claim here, after the
three speeches of the Senator, the amount of
abuse, contumely, reproach, opprobrious epithets
that he threw upon me—" babbling fool,"" liar,"
"that is a he," " fierce," " savage," " brutal,"
"false" 
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me a
single word there?
Mr. DAVIS. In reply to my statement about
youi refusal to help a man to remove his wounded
and dying son, you said it was a lie, an unmiti-
gated lie.
Mr. WILSON. You said that you had it on
information. I said your informant was an un-
mitigated liar. I did not mean to say that you
originated it or told a he.
Mr. CONNESS. I so understood it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The member from Ken-
tucky will peimit me to say a word before he
goes on. I understood the Senatoi from Massa-
chusetts to say in his place just now that, what-
ever he may have said on a former occasion, he
had no purpose at all to wound the feelings of
the Senator from Kentucky, and I think that
should be a sufficient satisfaction, and I submit it
with due defertfhee to the better judgment of the
Senator himself.
Mr. DAVIS. I will wholly forego the personal
notice which I intended to take of the Senator
fioni Massachusetts. I felt that I had an account
to settle with him, and it was my purpose to have
a full settlement; but I acquiesce* in the judgment
of the Senate, and I will now proceed to the le-,
gitimate conclusion of my speech, the terms of
which 1 suppose will be literally in order. It
would dovetail a little better if I could have got
the interlude; but, be that as it may, I will pro-
ceed. Before which I will set the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] right on a few
points of fact. The Senator from Massachusetts
opened the debate on the resolution for my ex-
pulsion in a written speech, full of personal in-
vective and coarse abuse. I replied at length, but
no other speech. The Senator immediately re-
joined in a very abusive and vituperative speech.
Some days afterwards the Senator withdiew his
resolution, but, before doing so, made another,
speech fraught with gross personalities. I had
made a summary fiom all the Senator's speeches
of his many attacks upon me personally, and in-
tended to square the account. The Senate have
cut me off from that privilege, and I think have
done mo injustice; but I must submit to its judg-
ment, and will conclude my remarks.
Mr. President, the people of Massachusetts, as
a whole, have always been strongly marked. In-
tellectual, cncrgetic, active, latently brave, arro-
