2728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
this whole five percent, fund, which now amounts
to about$250,000 in round numbers, to our school
fund; you appropriated $250,000, provided we
would pay back this balance. That is the theory
of the Senator from.Vermont, and it is ray the*
ory, and the right theory. You appropriated.bo
tntich of the $250,000, which is now the aggre-
gate of the five per cent, fund, as was not neces-
sary to make us pay the balance of the canal
fund, which is about §100,000; so that ail you ap-
propriated to the school fund, all that belongs to
the school fund of the State of Wisconsin is the
difference between the five per cent, fund and the
canal'fund. But if the whole five per cent, fund
belonged to the school fund of that State, I wish
the Senate would answer a question. You have
held on to the whole school fund of tiiat State
down to this lime to secure the payment of the
$300,000, or whatever it is, which is the balance
of the canal fund in our hands. Now, the Sena-
tor's proposition says that you will hold on to it
stil! until we raise that $300,000 and put it into
the school fund; and why? The Senator says
that he speaks in behalfof the cause of education
there; he does not want that to suffer. It seems
tq me that ho is taking a very peculiar and ex-
traordinary care of the cause of education in our
State when he insists upon holding on to $249,000
or $250,000 of money which belongs to that fund,
for ftar we shall cheat you out of $100,000. If
you settle with ns, all we can cheat the school
fund of our own Slate out of is the amount of the
canal fund in our hands, which we apply to the
payment of (he five per cent. fund. That is a
wrong, says the Senator. J agree. That he wants
to guard against. Very well. But how does he
propose toguard against it? By holding on to
$250,000 which belongs to that same fund until
no sees that that made good. That may com-
pel us to do it; but ! ask if it id treating the Statu
of Wisconsin, or any State, fairly to assume such
n guardianship oyer her. I ask if the imputation
is deserved, if it is right to throw out the intima-
tion that the United States must take this super-
vision of her affairs to prevent her from plunder-
ing her own educational fund.
I am very sorry the amendment is offered. I
hope the Senate will not agree to it. I do not
think it is necessary to oast that reproach upon
the State; I do not think sho deserves it; and I
do not think it is benefiting the cause of educa-
tion for the United States to retain this fund of
$250,000 under the pretense of compelling the
State to put $100,000 into the fund.
The question being put on the amendment,
there were, on a division—ayes 7, noes 17; no
quorum voting.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; nnd being taken, resulted
—yeas 12, nays 23; as follows:
YBAS—Messrw. Chirk, Oollam^r, Cowan, Foot, Poster,
Grimes, Hick*. Johnson,'Morgan, tihermnn, Sumner, and
WU#Q —12.,
NAYS — Mess*#. .AJnthony.-Brown,, Buckalew, Carliic,
Chandler, DavN, JJoohulp, Hale, Harlan, Harris, tlender-
•on, Mendneks, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Moirlll
JNesmith,Powell, Ramsey, Richnrdson, Van Winkle,Wilk-
inwon.ftnd Willey—CJ3.
ABi>fcNT—Messm. Conner, Dixon, Kesaenden, Hard-
ing, Lane of Kansas, McDou;nll, Pouieroy, Riddle, SauJa-
bury, Sprague, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wright
—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I now offer myamendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before that
amendment can be received, it will be necessary
to reconsider the vote concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole. The
Chair will put the question on reconsidering that
vote.
Thorecorisideration was agreed to.
The PRESlDENTpnWmpore. The question
recurs on concurring m the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the following words after
** Interior," in line three;
Be, and lie is hereby, authorized to allow to the State of
Wtnconsin five per cent, of the net proceed-s derived from
the sale of the public lands within the State, as provided
in the act of Congress approved August G, 1846, and shall
in the settlement of that account charge the said State the
amount of the proceeds.
And inserting in lieu thereof:
Shall, in adjusting the amount due tho State of Wis-
ceasto under existing laws as fire per cent, of the net pro-
ceeds of'sales of the public lands within her limits, esti-
mate.
So as to read:
The Secretary of the Department of the Interior shall, in
adjusting the ainountdue the State of Wisconsin under ex-
isting law& as five pei cent, of the net proceeds of sales of
the public lands withui her limits, estimate the value of the
one hundred and twenty-five thousand four hundred and
thirty-two and efghty^two hundredths acres of land granted
to theTerntory of Wisconsin, See.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This amendment, pro-
posed by the Senator from Iowa, is rtiainly one
of phraseology, and I cars but little about it; but
1 propose to him to modify his amendment by
inserting after the word "estimate" the words
" and charge against her;" so as to make the
sense very clear that this is to be charged against
the State in the adjustment of the account.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not object to the modifi-
cation. I do not understand that it will practi-
cally affect the question in the least, for the State
is now charged on the books of the Department
at the rate of $2 50 an acre. The phraseology 1
have used, I think, will be sufficient to change the
amount of charge from $2 50 to $1 25 an acre;
but I have no objection to the modification; it will
certainly make it clear and certain.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With that modification
I have no objection to the Senator's amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I accept the modification.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 move further to amend the
amendment by striking out in line fourteen the
words " valuing the same" after " State."
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is an amendment
of phraseology. I see no objection to it.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move further to amend by
striking outall after the word " pricc"in line sev-
enteen.
The words proposed to be stricken out were
read, as follows:
And shall credit said Slate with the amount that has been
legally and propeily applied by said Slate or Terutory
toward the eo.^t of'sefh g&aid land and toward the construct-
ion of said canal. And the said Secretary «hall also settle
and allow to the Milwaukee and Rock River Canal Company
such sunisol money as have been propeily expended by said
company in the suivey and location of said canal, in the
consti uction thereof as tar as the same ha* been construct-
ed, together with dams, lucks, and slack water navigation,
and in the management and keeping the same in repair;
and the same 5>hall be paid to the said canal company out
of any money in theTieasury not otherwise appropriated,
not exceeding in amount, however, the balance charged
against the State of YVi^eoiwn upon the sales of said canal
lands, as above required, alter deducting the sum allowed
naid State for money paid by her out of the same fund.
Tho same to be leeeived by said canal company in lull
payment and satisfaction ot all claims of eaid company
against the State of Wisconsin and of the United States
on account of said canal Kind grant, or on account of «iny
action of' the Territory or State of Wisconsin or of the
United States in relation theieto.
Sec. 2. Jind ht it fwthcrresolved^ That the Commis-
sioner of the Gencinl Land Office be, and he heu-by,
appointed commissioner to adjust the accounts herein pro-
vided for, under the biiperviMon of the Secretary of the
Interior, and to deteumne what sum shall be eliaVgrd to
fluid State of Wisconsin for the land# granted for the con-
struction of naid canal; ami what sums shall be credited,
respectively, to #aid State ami wud company for the moneys
expended by them in the construction of said locks and
canal as herein provided.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not able to concur
in this amendment proposed by the SemUor from
Iowa. This joint resolution as it was reported
from the Committee on Claims was very care-
fully considered, I believe, by every member of
that committee, and although it became my duty
to report it to the Senate 1 belteve some modifi-
cation of it was made by almost every member,
particularly by the chairman of that committee
who now presides over the Senate.
This question of the equities of the canal com-
pany as protected in this joint resolution has been
considered very frequently. As 1 stated before,
it wa3 considered in the House of Representatives
as early as 1842; an elaborate and able report was
then made by the present Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard,] then a member of the House of
Representatives, which was concurred in by the
House, and the petition of the Territory of Wis-
consin to be relieved from this trust was denied
expressly upon the ground that the canal com-
pany was the beneficiary and that it must be pro-
tected in any change of the grant that might be
made. The judiciary committee of the Senate
of Wisconsin as late as 1860 reviewed this whole
subject and arrived at the same conclusions as
were presented by the House Committee on Pub-
lic Lands in 1842, asserting the equities of the
canal company very emphatically indeed. The
Committee on Claims of the Senate at this ses-
sion were unanimous on this subject, and after a
great deal of consideration decided on the propo-
sition now before the Senate. If the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa is agreed to by the Sen-
ate I think it destroys this resolution*, it puts it
in such a shape that it oughtnot to pass it was
a condition of the grant of the five per cent, fund
to Wisconsin thtft she should adjust these equi-
ties. When she asked of Congress to modify the
five per cent, grant in 1848, it was made a con-
dition of that modification that the money should
not be paid to her except upon ail adjustment of
the equities due to this canal company. I will
not occupy the attention of the Seriate longer. I
think the question is sufficiently understood. I
hope the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Iowa will be disagreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I want to state in very few words
what change the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa will make in the resolution as reported by
the committee. The resolution as reported by
the committee charges the State of Wisconsin
just as the Senator's amendment proposes to do;
and itcrcdits the State just as the Senator's amend-
ment proposes, except that the committee's reso-
lution allows the State all that she paid over to
the company under the direction of the act of
Congress which made the grant; the amendment
of the Senator refuses to allow to Wisconsin that
sum of money, whatever it is. There is one dif-
ference.
The resolution reported by the committee pro-
poses to have a settlement between the canal com-
pany and this fund before it is disposed of. The
canal company claims a part on the whole of the
fund; the United States also claims it. The State
has no interest in that, and is willing the right
owner shall have it. The resolution as reported
by the committee proposes to have that settled.
The Senator from Iowa by his amendment pro-
poses to have no settlement of it, to leave that
open, and let it come back into the Treasury
without any provision for settlement.
These are the two changes proposed by the
Senator. The State of Wisconsin of course is
directly interested in the first proposition of his
amendment, which is to withhold from us an al-
lowance for that money which we paid over to
the company under the express instructions of
the grant. With regard to the second part of the
amendment, the State cannot have any interest,
so to speak, except that justice be done.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish simply to state that
as this case now stands, Wisconsin is charged on
the books of the Treasury of the United States for
the canal land at $2 50 an acre, being in the ag-
giegate $313,579. The resolution aa it will stand
if my amendment shall carry will be in effect to
credit Wisconsin $156,789, and she will then be
charged on account of the canal grant the full
amount of $156,789 to be deducted from the ac-
cumulated five percent, fund. This will make it
necessary for this Government to pay over to
W isconsin this year about $93,000. If my amend-
ment shall not carry, it will become necessary
to pay over during this year a much larger sum
to the State, and an indefinite amountto the canal
company. The assumption of the debis of this
company would be, I fear, a dangerous precedent.
Other companies in this and other States em-
ployed as agencies in the application of similar
granta will not be slow to follow such an exam-
ple. A company engaged on the improvementof
the DesMoines river in Iowa will have asgood, I
think a better claim. So it will be, I fear, in very
many cases of improvementof rivers and the con-
struction of canals and railroads. This company
claim that having invested money in this work
which proved to be a loss, they have a right to
come to the Federal Treasury for the money in-
vested and lost because the Federal Government
did not advance enough means to complete the
work, although the company itself did not collect
and apply the money subscribed by stockholders.
This was a private corporation, organized with
authority to raise a million of stock; a hundred
thousand was subscribed, but on their own show-
