706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
gant, conceited, inquisitive,meddlesome, not sat-
isfied to manage their own business but ever try.
ing to takechargeof other people's,communica-
tive yet secretive, alert, inventive, covetous, self-
ish, practical in business,ideal in doctrine, rational
and skeptical in religion, with amoral sense con-
sisting rather of habit than sentiment, swaying
from one extreme opinion to another, and in all
dogmatical, intolerant, fanatical, persecuting, and
cruel, her people cherish and hug to their bosom
all their peculiarities, though many of them are
•revolting deformities.
It is seen from this sketch that her character-
istics are strikingly and extensively mixed, giving
efficiency at the same time for great mischief and
great good. Yet no State of the Union, and few
communities of her numbers in any age, have pro-
duced a larger aggregate of mind or more numer-
ous or higher specimens of individual men. At
the era of the Revolution she gave, not only
to the colonies but to mankind, Franklin, the
Adamses, Hancock, Q,uincy, Warren, and Pres-
cott, and Copley; in the succeeding generation,
King, John Q,uincy Adams, Story, and Parsons,
Whittimore, Whitney, Bowditch; and at a later
day Everett, Davis, Choate, Winthrop,and Crush-
ing, Shaw, Parker, arid the Curtises, Hilhard,
Hillard, and Thomas, PrescoU, Bancroft, and
Motley, Longfellow and Bryant, Perkins and
-"Healy, Morse, Story the sculptor, and Morton,
and a host of others who have shed unfading lus-
ter not only upon their own names but upon
America. High above all of them, that product
of New Hampshire and development of Massa-
chusetts, is the intellectual giant, Daniel Webster,
who asaconstitutiohallawyer, Senator,and Sec-
retary, js withput a peer. In Plato, Bacon, Burke,
and Webster, man made his grandest development
of pure intellect; while oratory and statesman-
ship have had their highest illustrations in De-
mosthenes, Cicero, Chatham, and Clay.
Massachusetts has had one unadulterated he-
roic age, commencing with the dawn of the trou-
bles of the colonies with the mother country and
coming down to the adoption of the Federal Con-
stitution. During that eventful period there is
no stain upon herescutcheon. She was about to
act a first and principal part with the other col-
onies in a great political drama, involving not
only the destiny of them all, and of a continent,
but which was to influence materially the woof
and color of the world's after-history. In mind,
enlarged views, and wise statesmanship; in a just
and true appreciation of her rights and duties, and
those of the other colonies; in courage, fortitude,
wisdom, disinterestedness, and moral principle,
sh^ was up to the great occasion. She was in
singleness possessed of and inspired by true, noble,
unselfish,and patriotic purposes, and throughout
• all the penis and trials of that momentous time
Massachusetts showed no weakness, but always
strength and greatness. She made no mistakes,
she committed no crimes, no excesses. Her peo-
ple had the good sense to call for the counsel and
guidance of her wise, virtuous, and great men,
and the fruits were for the colonics nationality
and independence, and for herself one of the pur-
est and brightest chapters m history.
The shock of England's oppressive policy for
the colonics first struck Massachusetts. She at
once invoked the aid of the southern colonies, and
it was rendered not only without hesitation, but
with heartiness fora common cause. They knew
that one fate awaited them all. in the imperish-
able language of Mr. Webster, u Shoulder to
shoulder they went through the Revolution, hand
to hand they stood around the Administration of
Washington, and felt his own great arm lean on
them for support,Purified by the bloody or-
deal of the long war, and instructed by the in-
efficiency of the Articles of Confederation in peace,
the Constitution was the product of all the lessons
of their experience, of their concessions, and of
their harmonized counsels. It was the consumma-
tion of all their work, the perfection of man's
statesmanship. Ifit were possible for the people
of the United States to uphold, to guard, and de,-
fend it in the same spirit in which it was formed
it -wouldl he perpetual; the degree of its security
will always be proportioned to the prevalence of
that spirit.
But after a time Massachusetts swung away
from the great political principles and ends to
which she had so steadily adhered for more than
a generation. She has since been working with
all her characteristic activity, energy, and auda-
city for the overthrow of that wonderful fabric of
government in the building up of which she bore
so conspicuous a part. She has kept up an in-
cessant attack upon all its compromises except
those which redound to her own advantage. She
has repudiated all her able and enlightened national
men, with their broad and statesmanlike views of
Constitution, laws, and policy; she has surren-
dered to sectionalists, radicals, and factionists, to
knaves and demagogues,to factitious philanthro-
pists and clerical politicians and hypocrites, to
men of one idea, and fatally bent on carrying that
out, though Constitution and liberty thereby per-
ish, to mannikins in intellect and soul, who arc
wholly incapable of her wise and good govern-
ment, or any just appreciation of her relations,
duties, and obligations both to the United States
and the other States. She has permitted men,
who can ruin but not rule, to make her one of the
principal architects of the great national ills that
are upon us.
She once garnered for herself and the whole
country a great crop of imperishable glory; but
she is now working as efficiently as the southern
rebels for its degradation and ruin. When she
shall have returned to her old political moorings,
to the principles and spirit that ruled her when
the foundations of ourGovernment were laid,and
shall have thrown from herself the perverted and
deformed dwarfs that now beset her like a legion
of horrible incubuses, and have called back into
her service herable, patriotic, and virtuous states-
men, the work of reunion and reconstruction will
be speedily consummated. For that mighty work
then, indeed, would Massachuseets be potential.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senateproceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and
after some time'spent therein,the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 17, 1864.
The House mot at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channino.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NAVY SUPPLIES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Navy Department, transmit-
ting, in compliance with resolution of the House,
a statement in reference to supplies furnished for
the Navy.
Mr. FENTON moved that the papers be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
QUANT OF LANDS TO IOWA.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act making a grant of
lands to the State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to
aid in the construction of certain railroads in said
State, approved May 15,1856; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
CLAIMS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. HARDING, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following joint resolutions of the State
of Kentucky; winch were read, ordered to be
printed,and referred to the Committee of Claims.
Commonwealth of Kentucky,
Exi.crnvu Department,
i^rankrort, Kentucky, January 25, 18154.
To the Pi esident of the Senate, and
Congie^s of the United Stales:
I herewith transmit joint resolutions of 1 lit; Legislature
of JOmtH'kv in regard to the payment of claims of loyal
citizens ot Kentuekv, ami mo*iearne tly jjrge the national
Government to provide, as eaiiy as practicable, pome ex-
peditious and equitable,mode ot nsceitaimng said claims,
,uui have their piompt payment seemed.
In many instances, the sutt'ereis are reduced to absolute
want, and repaiatiou is demanded by every consideration
of justice and humanity.
TIIO. E. BRAMLETTE,
By the Govornoi:
E. L. Vaj? Winkle, Secretary of State,
Resolution requesting our Senators and Representatives in
Congress to proem e the passage of a bill to reimburse Ken-
tucky for loss sustained ly i ebel ruiJs,
Whereas a bill has been introduced, or is about being
introduced, Into the Congress of the United States, to re-
imbursetbe States of Indiana and Ohio for their losses sus-
tained in the Morgan raid; and whereas Kentucky is one
of the United States?, and as loyal as any State in the Union,
and has been subjected, not only to Morgan raids, but rebel
raids of every kind, sincc the beginning of this accursed re- •
bellion, a'large portion of her territory having been devas-
tated and many of iier citizens having lost their ail: There-
fore,
1. Resolved by the General Assembly of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky, That our Senators in Congress be in-
structed, and our Representatives requested, to use their
every effort to procure the passage of a bill to reimburse
Kentucky for losses sustained by rebel raids of all kinds.
2. That our Governor be requested to forward a eopy of
these resolutions immediately to our Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress.
Appioved January 20, 18G4.
SALE OP GOLD BY THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee of
Ways an'd Means a joint resolution authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to sell any surplus
guld in the Treasury.
Mr. COX. I object to that now,
UNITED STATES COURTS IN CALIFORNIA, ETC.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee "on the Judiciary, reported back
Senate bill No. 51,amendatory of and supplement-
ary to an act to provide circuit courts for the
districts of California and Oregon, and for other
purposes, approved March 3,1863, with the rec-
ommenda.ion that it do pass.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, I do not think
there will be any objection to that bill. It relates
to the circuit and district courts of California and
Oregon, and fixes the time for holding them, and
the practice in the same.
Mr. WASHBURN.E, of Illinois. Has it been
considered by the Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. WILSON. Ithaebeen reported from that
committee. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation,
thereof the bill was ordered to a third reading,
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TIIANKS TO REENLISTING VETERANS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH,by unanimousconsent,
introduced a joint resolution tendering the thanks
of Congress to veteran soldiers who have reen-
listed in the Army; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FARNS WORTH moved to reconsiderthe
vote by which the resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRANT OP LANDS TO OREGON.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means a bill granting lands
to the State of Oregon to aid in the construction
of military roads in that State.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object. I
think that a bill of that magnitude ought to be
eonsideied in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by his Private
Secietary, Mr. Nicolay.
SALE OF GOLD BY THE UNITED STATES—AGAIN.
Mr. HOOPER. I hope that the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw his objection to my reporting
the bill I have indicated from the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. COX. I will if the gentleman will not call
for the previous question, and will answer one or
two questions.
Mr. HOOPER. I um willing to agree to that.
Mr. COX. How much gold is there in the Treas-
ury ? Next, what is the object of selling it at this
time—the peculiar urgency? And what, in the
judgment of the gentleman, will be the effect of
throwing so much gold upon the market? Will
it cause a convulsion in our commercial system?
