1752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
done and the rights of freedom amply vindicated
by passing the bill as it now stands, repealing all
the acts but the act of 1793, which, as I think,
should remain on our statute-book, at least until
the final adoption of the constitutional amend-
ment, which we have passed through this body
with such an approach to unanimity, abolishing
slavery throughout the territory of the United
States, and making our land, should it be adopted,
really free, when it will be a happy and glorious
country. I #know that in making such asser-
tions as these I subject myself to criticism from
certain sources. I will not at this hour of the
day undertake to argue upon that criticism. I
will simply read a passage from Guizot's Me-
moirs, published only a few years ago, volume
one, pages 46, 47. I need not, of course, say
to the Senate who Guizot is—the scholar, the
statesman, the philosopher, the Christian philan-
thropist of his age and time; who, like Cardinal
Wolsey, has " sounded all the depths and shoals
of honor;" like him served his king zealously and
well, but his country, his fellow-men, and his
God far better:
" I recognize no greater danger to free institutions than
that blind tyiatiny which the habitual fanaticism of par-
tisanship, whethei of a faction or a small segment, pre-
tends to exctcise in the name ofhbcral ideas.
'•Are you a stanch advocate for constitutional govern-
ment and political guarantees ? Do you wi«h to live and act
in cooperation with the party winch hoists this standaid?
Renounce at once your judgment and your independence.
In that party you will find upon all questions and under
ail circumstances opinions ready formed and resolutions
settled beforehand which assume the right of your enure
<s9nlrol. Self-evident facts arc in open contradiction to
these opinions—you aie forbidden to see them. Powerful
obstacles oppose these resolutions—you are not allowed to
think of thorn. Equity and prudence suggest oiieum^pec-
tion—you must oa&t it aside. You ate in presence ot a
superfluous ncilo and a popular passion. Do not anjue
—you would no ]on'_rei hi: a liberal. Do not oppose—jou
would be looked upon n< a mutineer. Obey, advance—no
matter at what pace you are urged or on what road. Tf
you cease to be ;i slave, you instantly become a deserter!"
Mr. President, I think the lessons of history
and our own experience all teach us that in the
trying days in which we are called to live our
hope, our safety is in banding ouraelvcn together
to sustain the Constitution of our country.
Mr. HROWN. Mr. President, I do not intend
Co detain I he Senate very long; but 1 ice! it due
to myself to make some remarks in connection
with the vole I intend to cast.
The amendment of i he Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] which haw been adopted by the Senate
makes this hill as it now stands tantamount to a
revival of tho fugitive slave act of 1793. It is a
virtual reinstating and reauthorization, so far as
the vote of ihe Senate can go, of that act. Tho
act of i793 I*-! specially mentioned in the language
of the amendment ax one not to be icpealed or in-
validated by this hill, which as originally intio-
duced from the committee contemplated the re-
peal of nil fugitive xlave laws,and if sustained in
that form by the Senate it will carry with it all
of our weight and sanction lor that fugitive slave
law.
Tlutf I do not misstate this will be apparent
from the speeches of those gentlemen who have
advocated lhat amendment, They have all pred-
icated their arguments upon the right, the con-
stitutionality, and the expediency of the law of
1793. Now, sir, 1 have objections to that law.
I object to its terms, in the first place, because it
denied the right of trial by jury. If it were true
thai the Constitution of the United Slates made
it incumbent upon Congress to pass a law for the
rendition of fugitive nlnves, I for one in my place
hero would insist always that it should carry
with it the right of trial by jury. That law does
not carry such right with it, and that alone would
be an insuperable obstacle to its receiving any
vote from me.
But, sir, 1 am free to say that it has aritfther ob-
jection in my mind. While it is true that to a
ceitain extent it conforms to the phraseology of
the Constitution, it is also true that when we re-
enact it here and when we reindorse it by our ap-
proval we leindoise it in the light of the interpre-
tations which have been given to it by the Supreme
Court of the United States. When we give it
our sanction we do so with the full knowledge of
the constructions winch have been placed upon it
and which m violation of its letter introduce the
words "slave" and "slavery" into the living
body of the law, or lather into the action and en-
forcement of the law. For that reason, 1 say, I
must resist it; for while conforming closely in
phraseology to the language of the Constitution,
yet by the judicial decisions which have been
made concerning its text, by the application which
has been given to its harsh features of duress and
return, it violates that language in so far as itap-
plies to slaves and not to "persons held to ser-
vice" simply.
There is to me a third objection, and that is
the moral one, the effect such legislation would
have in disgracing us in the estimation of the
civilized world. Here we are engaged ostensibly
(and boasting of the work) in carrying forward
the cause of freedom;gentlemen are ranging them-
selves on party lines designated by that watch-
word, and yet in the name of freedom it is proposed
to reinstate slavery in its fastness, in the Consti-
tution. I say, sir, that the civilized world, when
it beholds that spectacle of the American Senate
going back for three quarters of a century to
resunecta statute of slave-catching, and pass it
anew with their indorsement, wiil credit very
little all your talk about freedom. I say that the
act will give the lie to all your argument.
Can you even hesitateinthismatter? Assuredly
your very hesitation is a crime against the es-
tablishment of free principles.
No wonder, sir, that those statesmen whohave
watched with the greatest interest our struggle
abroad should question whether we are in earnest
in this great work of freedom; and, more than all,
no wonder that those beating hearts in the midst
of this nation who go to make up that public sen-
timent in behalf of liberty to all men which now
upholds and sustains this war, and which alone
can carry forward this Government to substan-
tial victory, should challenge you with the ques-
tion, "Are you false, or are you true?"
The Senator from Connecticut casts his deris-
ion at the enlightened public opinion of Europe.
I say let him turn, if lie prefers to consult home
oracles, to the public opinion of this American
people, and he will find that the multitudes here
among us love and cherish freedom too dearly,
and have too sure a perception of reactionary
courses, to tolerate with impunity the reenactment
of national slave codes.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator pardon me
for an interruption?
Mr. HROWN. Always, sir.
Mr. FOSTER. lie has certainly misunder-
stood me, if he understood me to deride the pub-
he opinion of Europe. I alluded to the fact that
the public opinion of Europe was in sympathy
with slavery and with the traitors and rebels
whose reliance is on slaves to work out the dis-
integration of this Republic. In that connection
1 may have derided the public opinion of Europe,
but in no other way.
Mr. BROWN. Now, Mr. President, I want
to call attention to another view, which is, that
this is not exactly an idle and theoretic question,
as some Senators'are inclined to think, but is sub-
ject to a very real application. I say that this is
a law which if teaflirmed here to-day, with the
additional sanction of the American Senate in the
year J8G4, is capable of being put into practical
operation in several of the States of this Union
for the purpose of reclaiming slaves and carrying
them hack into servitude. I beg to call the atten-
tion of the Senate for a moment to what might be
an illustidtion of the practical working of this re-
vived fugitive slave law of 1793. I received this
morning a journal published in the interior of my
State, which contains this narrative:
♦* tfome tune cilice a negio man, claimed as a slave by
one Tapley, of Pike count), Mi^oiiri, rnlwed as a voiun-
teei m Colonel lirussS lein'mi nt, now fonnimj -it &uine>,
Illinois. The \vit<> of this patuot -.lave, desirous of being
a- neai her Im^band a-> she conveniently could, and prob-
ably hastened by (lie lymmneal and bs uuii treatment of her
inust<-i. tied with tier little chilihen and iound ieiuge in this
city. Heic she mnamed seveial weeks, employed, we be-
lieve, m the family ol Hon. G. L. Hewitt, one of our rep-
resentatives in the Legislature. Tlieiu she found an asy-
lum ftom the ciuultu'> of her former situation. Several
weeks Mnee, liei so-called master, currently leported to be
not only a brute but a rebel of the deepest dye, came to
this city to ireover lu- 'piopcrty.' It is charged, with
how much tiuth we do not know, that certain civil and
mililuiy official* in tins city were induced to cooperate
with Tapley in Ins "-clierne of abduction. Artifice was re-
doited to, it is said, to allure the woman from her place of
security ; and, under pieten-e of placing her in possesion
of her treedoui papery she was seized and forcibly earned
«nva\ to her former home." * * * * *
k> Cxi eat indignation was felt b> all the loyal people of our
city at the tune of the occurrence; but with a command-
ing general then In power in this district whoso eveiy im-
pulse was favorable to and promotive of such enormities,
but little could be done, and hence little has, been said
about it."
Mr. WILSON. What general is that?
Mr. BROWN. General Schofield commanded
the department, and General Guitar was in charge
of the district.
" Yet the occurrence was of too heinous a character to
be soon forgotten. A report shortly afterwards became
current to the effect that Tapley had most brutally beaten
the abducted woman with a handsaw, and that after cover-
ing her body with blisters he had deliberately sawed them
open. Reports even prevailed that this victim of his in-
famous barbarity had died under his fiemhsli tortures."
**********
" We may add that it has been alleged that this man Tap-
ley ha*, since the rebellion commence^ deliberately mur-
dered two others of his slaves, cutting the throat of one
from ear to ear, and fattening the other down to a board by
a knife thrust through, the tongue, and in that situation whip-
ping her to death; and all tins for no other reason than that
these poor creatures attempted to escape from his barbar-
ities to the enjoyment of freedom. Did the tortures of the
Spanish inquisition ever witness anything more diabolical
than this?"
That is the statement made in this newspaper
—a paper of character, of large circulation, and
excellent repute. I have no doubt there is truth
in the narrative; perhaps the whole of it may be true
in every detail of horror. But I want to call the at-
tention of Senators to the fact that this act of 1793,
which you now'propose to reindorse, is an act
which would restore those slaves to that keeping
for that purpose; and I ask whether it is the intent
of this body at this time to do that deed. It shows
that there are still cases where this fugitive slave
law which it is proposed to reestablish may be ap-
plied for the purpose of bringing them under the
lash and under the infliction of tortures more atro-
cious than any even of those attributed to rebel
fiendishness in the butchery of a surrendered gar-
rison at Port Pillow. And let me ask, Mr. Presi-
dent, how will the American Senate contrast with
the rebel authority when the balance shall be de-
termined in the scales of impartial justice between
those who declared a baibarous law of atrocious
treatment against colored soldiers in the ranks of
their enemies, and those who shall pass here and
now an act that may return to such inhuman tor-
tures and mastership colored men and women
crouching for freedom beside your own firesides?
Mr. President, let me revert to the argument
which has been adduced. The Senator from Ma-
ryland, [Mr. Johnson,] to whom I always listen
with great interest, and for whose learning and
critical acumen I have a high respect, has la-
bored very zealously to show that the Constitu-
tion of the United States has, by its language in
several clauses, directly recognized thisinstitution
of slavery, and has directly given the right to
Congress to pass an act for the recovery of slaves.
I do not propose to follow that Senator through
the long legal argument and the citation of de-
cisions innumerable which he has made. I do
not feel able to do so, and would not do so if I
could. But when the Senator lauds theclearness,
the comprehension, and the ability of the men who
framed the Constitution, when he says that they
never used a word amiss, and never failed to use
the right word in the right place, I call his atten-
tion to the fact that in no one of those clauses,
nowhere in that instrument, is the word "slave"
or "slavery" once used, ltdoes appear to me
it would have been far more worthy of the dis-
tinguished ability of that Senator if in that length-
ened argument he had labored in the interest of
freedom rather than in that of slavery; if he had
summoned his powers to show us why a id
wherefore it was that those men of the Revolu-
tion carefully abstained from using the word
"slave;" wherefore it was that they refused in
that Constitution to introduce any expression
which recognized the right of property in man;
instead of ransacking all the nooks and corners
of special pleading to imply what they did not
affirm, and to defeat their plain writing by a sinis-
ter and forced construction. I repeat, sir, that it
would have been far more worthy of the distin-
guished learning of that Senator if he had taken
the side of freedom in this alternative instead of
the side of slavery.
Does not the Senator know that there must
have been some reason for refusing to use the
term slavery in the Constitution ? It was a word
of very definite meaning, a word very distinct in
its application, a word that of all others would
have been used if it had been the intention to give
national sanction to the institution and to declare
