18(34.1
APPENDIX TO THE Lm'UKESSiONAL (SLOB#.
125
38th Ookg. ... 1st Sess.
Amendment of the Constitution—- Mr. Wheeler.
JIo.oS'Bps..
ions in regai d to the measures or policy of the
Administration, and although such measures or
policy may notin their judgment be for the good
of the country, still they have sustained, and will
sustain, the Government against a common enemy
at every cost and under all circumstances.
It must be admitted that there are many of the
Democratic farty in this House whose speeches
have tended, if they were not so designed directly,
to inflame party feeling and destroy the confi-
dence of the people in our Government, especially
when they assert, as some have done, that this
war, and all the misery and suffering and horror
attending upon it, were brought upon the country
by a trick of the Administration. The extremes
of the two parties here have sometimes seemed
like the opposing parties in a street row, one
howling at the other " Copperhead!" " Traitor!"
and the other shouting back "Abolitionist!"" Fa-
natic!"
This Administration may be accountable for
prolonging the war in consequence of not appre-
ciating in the first place the magnitude of the re-
bellion, and in consequence of not prosecuting the
war with vigor, but is not chargeable witli be-
ing the cause of the war. The war was commenced
by the South without justification; they had not
been oppressed or deprived of any contitutional
rights, nor was there any good ground to fear
any oppression or injustice toward the South on
the part of the Government which would justify
revolution.
Then the cause of the war was the commence-
ment of hostilities by the South. It is tiue that
the leaders of the rebellion could never have
brought the majority of the southern people to
war against the Union except for the animosity
and hatred existing among the masses of the South
against the people of the North. It is also true
that such hatred and animosity never would have
existed but for the intolerant zeal of New Eng-
land abolitionists against slavery, and attempts
to interfere with that institution m a manner not
authorized by the fundamental law of the nation.
In discussing this proposed amendment there
are but two prominent and important questions
to be disposed of. First, whether we have the
constitutional power to make the amendment; and
second, whether, conceding the power, it is ex-
pedient at this time to do it.
As to the constitutional power there can hardly
be a doubt. When the States ratified the Con-
stitution they assented to all its provisions, the
power to amend in the mode therein pointed out
among the rest. They gave their consent in ad-
vance to any amendment which should thereafter
be adopted according1 to the provisions of the
instrument. And when such amendments are
adopted by three fourths of the States, the re-
maining States are as much bound by the instru-
ment as amended as though they had voted for
such amendments, and as much bound by it as
they were by the original instrument.
Neither can it be said with any justice that this
is not a proper subject of amendment. It is a
subject contained, lecognized, and provided for
in the Constitution, and if not a proper subject
for amendment or prohibition by amendment, it
is not a propersubject for the original instrument.
The recognition of slavery by the Constitution was
undoubtedly the result of a compromise, and was
consented to by the framers thereof from the fear
that it would not be adopted without such recog-
nition, and that the Republic, withouta constitu-
tion,would be broken up and the nation destroyed,
and with the confident hope and expectation that
slavery would in some way and in acomparatively
short time be abolished. Has not the time now
arrived to realize that hope?
If the southern people had remained faithful to
the Constitution, no considerable body or party
would have advocated an amendment of the Con-
stitution so as to prohibitslavery. Thatdoctrine
of the Democratic party, that however much any
individual in his private judgment might be op-
posed to the institution of slavery, and although
he might believe it was a curse morally and phys-
ically to the country in which it existed, still
that under the compromises of the Constitution
it was a matter to be regulated by the States
themselves—this doctrine would have been the
prevailing sentiment of a very large majority of
the northern people of both parties; and if the
South had faithfully sustained these compromises
no influential party of the North would ever have
been found to advocate this amendment, but the
conservative men of all parties would have united
to sustain the Constitution unchanged,and have
left it to each southern State to retain or get rid
of what any one might think to be an evil in its
own way.
But the South have not done this. They have,
without any just cause and with the most flimsy
excuse, by their State Legislatures or conven-
tions, passed ordinances of secession from the
Government. Long before the commencement of
actual hostilities they armed their partisans, and
by force in some places prevented an expression
of popular will against secession or compelled an
expression in favor of it. They seized nearly all
the principal forts, arsenals, arms, munitions, and
property of the Government of every kind within
their reach. They seized vessels of the Govern-
ment or of citizens that could be of use to them.
During the time all this was going on, and for a
long time prior to this, traitors in high official po-
sitions were plotting to destroy the Government
which their oaths of office bound them to defend
and protect. They were placing the Army and
the Navy beyond the reach of the Government,
so that not a single effort could be made to sus-
tain the laws by force or defend the Government
or its property. All the materials of war were
placed within the reach of rebels. If at this time
the Executive of ournation,at the first symptoms
of treason and rebellion, had promptly and ener-
getically used the power of the Government to
sustain the law, if instead of the senseless cry of
no power to coerce a State the Executive had en-
forced the law, had coerced the traitors as Jack-
son would have coerced them, the rebellion would
have been nipped in the bud. and all the horror,
misery, and suffering of this most terrible civil
war would have been avoided. Instead of this
the rebellion culminated in the commencement of
actual hostilities, the attempt by armed rebels to
seize the capital and destroy the Government.
All this they have done with the avowed purpose
of protecting and extending the institution of
slavery.
And now it is no more than even-handed jus-
tice that their crime should result in the destruc-
tion of this very institution they sought to per-
petuate and extend. They are entitled to no
sympathy from any party of the North. After
their commencement of civil war; after the com-
mission of such crimes, the greatest known in
the history of the world, no one can be bound
now to regard with tenderness their interests,
feelings, or prejudices. No party can with jus-
tice now be asked to refrain from discussing the
justice, the policy, and the economy of their pe-
culiar institution. No party can now be required
to refrain from an effort to amend the funda-
mental law of the nation, so as to make it conform
to the original intention of its framers; so as to
conform without exception to the great principle
of universal liberty and the self-government of
man. If ever the term manifest destiny could be
applied to any event or condition, it can now be
to the abolition of slavery. The sentiment of
the whole civilized world is against it. The
rebels by resorting to force to break down our
Government gave to it a death-blow from which
it can never recover until the world again relapses
into barbarism. The necessary consequence of
this war, with the immense loss of life and the
suffering brought home to almost cveiy fireside,
has been to arouse, to extend, to deepen, and in-
tensify the hatred of the northern people toward
slavery, which if not the cause was made the
excuse by the South for commencing the war,
which feeling will continue and inciedse with the
masses until this blot upon republican institutions
is forever wiped away. If the North does not
fail in sustaining the Government and destroying
the rebellion (and i believe in the vocabulary of
this nation there is no such word as fail) slavery
must be almost wholly destroyed as the neces-
sary result of this war.
It may also be true that a large portion of the
other property of the South will also be destroyed,
but this is one of the necessary results of the crime
of rebellion, in which, to a great extent, the com-
paratively innocent must suffer .with the,guilty.
And after any of the southern States are brough t
within the power of the Government in reviving
their suspended State governments and placing
them again in harmony with the national JawiSj
this same hatred of slavery .will induce the-re^Ii-
less and visionary, who are too apt'to have acori-
trolling influence in times like these, to ado.pt
every subterfuge, every theory of State suicide.,
of reduction of States to Territories, of consolida-
tion, of the violation of the reserved rights of
States, and any wild and visionary doctrine which
will enable them in Congress to control the sub-
ject of slaveiy; however much such doctrines
carried into practice will tend to subvert the well-
settled principles of our Government, however
much they may violate the.plainest provisions of
our Constitution; these violations of the. Con-
stitution in behalf of emancipation, these practi-
cal usurpations of the rights of States by the na-
tional authority for the purpose of preventing the
reestablishing of slavery, will not end there; they
will form precedents for any party in power in
accomplishing other objects, and the loose eon-
structionor the open violation of the plainest pro-
visions of the Constitution will become the rule
instead of the exception.
Under such circumstances, in this condition of
tilings it is theduty ofevery man,ofevery party,
to aid in so changing our Constitution as to end
forever this cause of agitation, so as to take from
the radicals all motives and excuses for the yio-.
lation of and breaking up the foundations of our
Government, which in their frantic efforts to
hasten the emancipation of the black race there is
now danger of their doing. While w^ are not
now restrained by any implied obligations or
any claims upon our forbearance or sympathy, let
us unite in so establishing our national charter
as to do away with all cause of war hereafter. Let
us do legally what is sure otherwise to be done
illegally, and which if accomplished in any other
way than in the constitutional manner, might
result in disaster, might cause other usurpations
of the rights of States, thus causing conflicts be-
tween other States and the nation, and perhaps
end in civil war among the northern States.
But while we are trying to accomplish this
great object let us not do injustice to any part of
the-Union. The border slave States have re-
mained true to the Government. A majority of
their people, sufficiently large to control their
State governments, have faithfully, earnestly,
and effectively helped to sustain the Government
in its greatest trial and its greatest peril. We.
are not called upon to punish in any way the
people of those States. Let us do nothing which
will look like making a crusade directly against
'them. If they are slaveholders they are not reb-
els. Let us reflect that if those States had gone
into the rebellion; if the majority of their patri-
otic citizens had not stood by the Government
when their peculiar situation would seem to have
drawn them into opposition; if their love of the
Union had not been stronger than their interest
and sympathy with their slaveholding brethren
of the South,"how much more equal the struggle
would have been, and how much more uncer-
tainty there would have been in the issue!
For these reasons let us do some justice to
them, and pay some regard to their feelings,and
not by this amendment hastily and rudely break
hp the condition of society and labor there; but
rather by exempting them for a certain period
fiom the operation of the article proposed by this
amendment give them time to gradually malse
the change, and to accomplish this change in
their own manner.
it is objected by those who oppose this amend-
ment that it raises distinctly the issue of the abo-
lition of slavery in this war, and shuts the door
to any compromise or reconciliation; thatitcom-
mits us to the policy of prosecuting the war until
the rebels are conquered, or until a final separa-
tion takes place. In my opinion that issue is
already practically before us. We have got to
conquer the southern armies or submit to the
destruction of our Government. A mere separa-
tion will not end the difficulty. We shall be sub-
ject to a renewal of war, to a further secession of
States now in the Union, until we come to anar-
chy and subjugation by foreign Powers. The
