2730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
objection to the further consideration of Senate
joint resolution No. 8 ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Indiana
must recollect that I have refused uniformly to
give way to anything.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
-is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole to the joint resolution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carine, Chandler, Davis, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Morgan,
Ramsey, Sherman, Sumner, Wilkinson, and Wilson—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Coiiness, Doolittle,
Henderson, Hendricks, Hicks, Howe, Johnson, Lane of
Indiana, Morrill, Nesmith, Powell, Richardson, Ten Eyck,
Van Winkle, and Willey—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown,B«ckaIew,Collamer, Cowan,
Dixon, Hale, Harding, I.ane of Kansas, MeDounall, Porn-
eroy, Kiddie, Saulsbury, Sprague, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wright—16.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment further by striking out all after the word
" canal" in the twentieth line.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Inowinsiston theregu-
lar order.
The PRESIDENTprotemporc. Objection be-
ing made the joint resolution cannot be further
considered, 'rhe order of the day will be re-
sumed.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 405) to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes.
Mf. HARRIS. I move to amend the one hun-
dred and third section by adding:
The amount paid for transportation to any railroad com-
pany or corporation shall be deducted from the amount of
gross receipts upon which a duty is to bo charged under
tile provisions of this section.
This flection provides for a tax of two and a
half per cent, upon the gross receipts of express
companies. The preceding section provides for
n similar tax upon the receipts of railroad corpo-
rations. Unless there is some such provision as
this which I now submit inserted in this section
there will be a double tax. An express company
hires a car from a railroad company, and the rail-
road "company receives compensation for it, and
(he railroad company pays two and a half per
cent, on the receipts from the express company.
Unless there is a provision like this, the express
company will pay another tax on the gross re-
ceipts from its customers to compensate it for the
amount it pays to the railroad company. I sim-
ply propose to add this provision in order to Sitve
double taxation.
' Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator if he
has any doubt that this whole matter goes into
the expenses and is an item in the charges forcx-
press business. It is not a question whether the
express companies pay it, but it is a separate and
distipfft business. It is only saying thissubstan-
tially, that express companies may be taxed on
their net receipts, while nil other companies are
taxed on their gross receipts.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not understand it so.
Mr. SHERMAN. Whatever the expiess com-
panies pay to the railroad companies is part of
the ordinary expense of their business, and if you
take iliat off yott' onJy tax them on their net re-
ceipts.
Mr. HARRIS. No; they have their employes,
their agents,&c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They have some other
expenses; but this will take out a large portion of
their receipts.
Mr. HARRIS. It would be unjust, it seems
to me, to tax an express company the amount
paid to a railroad company upon which the rail-
road company itself pays a tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is simply a part of
the expense of the express company, and it is a
question whether they should be let off or not on
a part of the necessary expense of their business.
The amount so paid goes into the computation of
their charges, as much as any other expense.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is certainly true; but
that does not meet the difficulty which the hon-
orable member from New York supposes to ex-
ist, and which seems to me to exist.
Mr. FESSENDEN". There are many cases
where a double tax is paid. Take the manufac-
ture of boots and shoes: you first tax the leather
five percent.,and then you putfive percent.on the
manufacture of boots and shoes. Why not de-
duct the first five per cent, paid?
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that. That is
$ different article altogether.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So with everything that
goes into a store. Yotf may just as well deduct
anything else which is an expense of business.
It arises from the nature of the business, ancfris
a part of their expenses. As I said before, the
amendmentis merely making a distinction in their
favor, and'saying that whereas we charge other
companies on the gross receipts, in regard to ex-
press companies we will not tax them on gross
receipts, but will deduct a very material part of
their expenses. They charge it over and count
it in their expenses to customers for carrying, and
it comes out of those for whom they operate,
finally, like other taxes. If it did not it would
make a difference.
Mr. JOHNSON. That may or may not be the
case. That depends upon the willingness of the
community to pay. I mentioned the other even-
ing, and I understood the chairman to consent to
the justice of the proposition so far as that par-
ticular case was concerned, the case of a line of
steamers that go to Philadelphia and New York
through the canal. They pay very heavy tolls
to the Chesapeake and Delaware, and the Dela-
ware and Raritan canals, and on those tolls you
propose to tax them. What I thought was that
it was right they should be permitted to deduct
from their gross receipts the amount which they
are compelled to pay for navigating those canals,
and I thought the member agreed to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It struck me there was
some force in it when first stated, but on reflec-
tion I am not so certain. In this ease it is per-
fectly manifest to me that it is only making a
distinction between this kind of business and
others, as I sfated.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have some oi*
the Senators whoare in favor of this provision ex-
plain to me the difference between this case and
the case of any thing manufactured, for instance
out of iron. We tax the iron in the bloom, in
the bar, in all its ciude forms; and then we tax
it again whenever it is manufactured, into any
other article. Where is the difference in princi-
ple between taxing a railroad company and tax-
ing a subordinate company that has some con-
nection with it by paying the railroad company
a sum of money for a privilege itenjoys from the
railroad company? Why not charge each party,
because each party derives a profit? We charge
these men because of the profit that they are sup-
posed to make. I do not know of any property in
the whole land so valuable as these express com-
panies, and I know no corporations that can so well
afford to pay this amount of tax as these express
companies. They have been about me; I have
heard them, I have listened to them as patiently
as I could. They have besought me to interpose
in their behalf as a great many other men have
who want to avoid taxation, but I have never
heard any substantial argument urged by any one
of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Besides it makes a dis-
crimination between those which go upon rail-
roads and all other expresses. There are many
other expresses.
Mr. HARRIS. It has seemed to me that this
was so manifestly unjust that the Seriate would
not hesitate to adopt my proposition. Here is
an express company engaged in carrying mer-
chandise, articles for its customers. For the pur-
pose of cairying them it hires from a railroad
company a car for transportation. It pays a spe-
cific price for that car, and for the money received
by the railroad company for the use of that car
the Government exacts from that railroad com-
pany a duty of two and a half per cent. Now,
that the Government should exact that same duty
for that same money of the express company
seems to be unjust. I cannot see it otherwise, if
the Senate think differently 1 have nothing more
to say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
one question. Suppose I am engaged in a par-
ticular business which requires me to travel by
railroad, and that is the kind of business I do,and
in that way I get a gross income upon which lam
taxed; for we are taxed on our gross incomes.
The Senator might just as well propose that I
should deduct what I paid to the railroad because
the railroad pays a tax on their receipts, and if I
am taxed it is taxing the same thing twice.
Mr. HARRIS. If such a case were in this bill
I should join with the Senator in moving to strike
it out. I do not know of any case where a man
is taxed on his gross income. I think the Sen-
ator is mistaken about that.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler, Davis,-
Doolittle, Foster, Hams, Hendricks, Hicks, Johnson,Mor-
gan, Powell,, Ramsey, Sunnier, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle,
and Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Fessenden,
Foot, Grimes, Hale, Henderson, Lane of Indiana,Morrill,
Richardson, Sherman, Wilkinson, and Willey—14.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Carlile, Conness, Dixon,
Harding, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Lane of Kansas, Mc-
DougaH, Nesmith, Pomeroy, ltuldle, Saulsbury, Sprague,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wright—IB.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire now to add an amend-
ment at the end of the first paragraph of the pre-
ceding section, section one hundred and two. It
is an amendment to the amendment which was
adopted on my motion a dayor two ago. It is to
insert after the word "vehicle," in that amend-
ment, these words:
Excepting nevertheless from such gross receipts the
amount paid for canal or other tolls and tonnage duties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have that
read in connection with the paragraph proposed
to be amended, so that we may understand it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That every person, firm, company, or corporation, own-
ing or possessing, or having thecal e or management of any
railroad, canal, sreamboat, *hip, barge, canal-boat, or oth«r
vessel, or any i-tage-coach or other vehicle engaged or em-
ployed in the business of transporting passengers or prop-
erty for hire, excepting express companies, or in transport-
ing the mailri of (he United States, or any canal the water
of which is used for mining purposes, shall be subject to
and pay a duty of 2J- per cent, upon the gross receipts of
such jailroad, canal, htoamboat, ship, barge, canal-boat or
other vessel, or such stage-coach or other vehicle, except-
ing, nevertheless, from such gross receipts the amount paid
for canal or other tolls and tonnage duties.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not understand that. I
ask the Senator to explain it.
Mr. HARRIS. It is this: the provision which
has been adopted by the Senate charges a duty of
percent, upon the gross receipts of canal-boats
and upon sailing vessels. 1 propose by this amend-
ment to deduct from the gross receipts on which
this duty is to be levied the amount those canal
companies have to pay for tolls to the State, and
which the vessels have to pay for tonnage duties
to the Government; that they shall not be re-
garded as a part of the gross receipts upon which
the duty is to be paid. A canal-boat navigating
one of the canals of New York pays a duty to the
State. That duty that is paid to the State should
not be regarded as partof the gross receipts upon
which this tax is to be levied, and whereasailing
vessel pays a tonnage duty to the Government
that should be deducted from the gross receipts.
That is the whole of the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to know if it covers
the case to which I referred just now. We have
steamboat lines that traverse the Chesapeake and
Delaware and Raritan canals on their way to Phil-
adelphia and on their way to New York. They
pay a toll to the company; but I am not sure that
this provision would cover that case.
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir, it does.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This amendment shows
precisely the extent to which this thing may go
when you once begin making exemptions from
taxation. We have a law in operation which
lays a tonnage duty on all vessels. Foreign ves-
sels pay on each voyage they may make; coasting
vessels pay by the year. It is but a small tonnage
duty which we thought it best to levy. It passed
during the last session or the session before, I do
not know which; arrd at that time we made all
the vessels carrying passengers, steamers, pay a
duty. We have thought it advisable in* the pres-
ent state of the revenue to go further and lay a
duty on freight. The Senator's amendment, how-
ever, substantially repeals the tonnage duty;
that is to say, you levy the tonnage duty, but
you take it out of the freight, reduce it so much.
