126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Internal Revenue—Mr. Davis.
I -Tune G.
Senate.
rebels hnve never shown any disposition to a com-
promise, but on the contrary have repelled all
efforts of their northern friends in that direction
with scorn and contempt. Under such a state of
feeling it is idle to talk of conciliation. When
the armies of the rebels are broken and dispersed,
when the power of the Government is established
in the States which have attempted to secede, it
will then, and not before, be time to talk of con-
ciliation.
I do not believe the adoption of this amend-
ment would prolong the war one day. if 1 could
believe there was any possibility of the South
submitting, disbanding their armies, and again
acting under our Constitution as it is, there could
be no question as to the policy of the Government
in allowing them to do so; there could be no sound
policy or humanity in carrying on this terrible
war and fighting merely for the destruction of
slavery. But there is no prospcct of this. The
rebels are determined to nght to the bitter end.
The North cannot do otherwise than fight to
maintain the integrity of the nation; they cannot
end the controversy except by conquering the
southern armies, by conquering the whole south-
ern country, (not exterminating the people.) And
when tins is done slavery is destroyed. Itisim-
possible to return to slavery slaves once actually
freed by military operations. And the more
stubborn and prolonged the resistance the more
complete the destruction of the institution.
This, then, is the kind of abolition 1 would
favor. Amend the Constitution so as to prohibit
slavery, and give Congress power to carry that
prohibition into effect. As the States that have
pretenddd to secede have voluntarily relinquished
the protection which the Constitution gave to
their peculiar institution, do not attempt to force
that protection upon them against theii will. Hut
at tin* same time give the loyal slave States lime
to abolish slavery in their own way, with such
regulations and restrictions as their Legislatures
sinill choose.
It is of course idle to speculate as to the future
condition of the southern States. I think I can
see thatat no distant period they are to be brought
into subjection to the Governmentagainst which
they have rebelled. In accomplishing this end
undoubtedly the characterofthe population theie
is to be materially changed, not that, the southern
people are to be exterminated. Rut. the emigra-
tion from the North and from Europe, which will 1
Kurely follow the return of pence, and the substi-
tution of free for slave labor, will change entirely
the character of the majority of the people that
will have the controlling influence in those States.
Enterprise, industry, and economy will develop
the immense natural resources of the country;,
and when this is done we can scarcely conceive
the advance that will be made in those States in
wealth, population, and material prosperity, and
we have no reason to doubt that equal advances
wiil he made in intelligence and morality.
1NTEKNAI, ItBVjBNUK.
8 P E E on 0 V HON. (I. f> A V f ,
OF KKNxrcKy,
In the Sknatk of the United Statj.s,
June (i, 1864.
The Senat" having under consideration the hill (II. II.
No. 405) to pmvjfle internal jovenne to support the Gov-
ernment. to pay nilcreston ihe pm>hc debi, and tor other
putpo-^™
Mr. DAVIS said:
iVIr. President: I intend to say somethiV^ of
the condition of the Treasury and the state ofthe
finances in connection with this bill, and 1 v/ould
have been gratified if the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance had himself thought pioperto
have given us such an exposition. Particularly
what was the aggregate amount of the appropria-
tions at the last session of Congress, of expendi-
tures ofthe year for every service up to the piesent
tune, and then* estimated amount for this quarter;
and what amount of deficiencies of former appro-
priations hu\e already been voted, and what ad-
d.ti'.jK-l amount will be needed to be voted t'uting
ihe pieauilse^aion; what total amount of money
wiil be necessary for the next year's somoew;
what has been the product of the existing internal
revenue and tariff laws; and what the bill under
consideration, and the tarifFbill passed a few days
since by the House, are estimated to yield; what
is the amount of the recognized public debt, and
what portion of it bears interest, and the rat^s of
interest; and what that large unrecognized and un-
ascertained debt, consisting of claims of every
description in favor of the States, of the citizens,
of foreign Governments, and foreign subjects,
may approximate.
All these are matters of great public concern
upon which the Secretary of the Treasury and the
chairman of the Finance Committee should give
to Congress and the country all their information.
Mr. President, those in office and power have
been practicing altogether too much reserve and
secretiveness in the operations of the Government
and the Army. In our affairs with foreign Gov-
ernments this reserve is eminently proper in many
matters, and in relation to most unsettled ques-
tions; and also as to military plans and enter-
prises before their denouement. But in our coun-
try the people are the true and only masters, the
Government and the governors are theirs, and it is
for their good that they were created and are per-
mitted to continue and to operate. The govern-
ors have legitimately no separate interests from
them, nor can they properly or safely have any
State or even army secrets which their masters,
the sovereign people, have not the right always to
know, by culls through their Senators and Repre-
sentatives. The extent to which the Army au-
thorities have gone, during the past twelve months
and more, in sequestering news, information of
important events, and punishing men for their
publication, has been absurd, illegal, oppressive,
and ciuel; and itself should receive condign pun-
ishment. The pretext that important informal ion
would theieby be imparted to the enemy is not
only false but ridiculous. During the whole war
the enemy has showed himselfto be generally well
and fully informed concerning the strength and
movements of our armies and his own, the result
of battles, great and small, the number of killed,
wounded, and prisoners, of both sides, and new
movements and operations; and he would be pre-
sumed to have and he has usually shown himself
to boin possession of pretty accurate information;
and yet about all these matters our authorities
have been vexatiously throwing a gieat deal of
concealment and mystery, and mostly bravely as-
saulting and stoppmga few obnoxious newspaper
presses, and imprisoning their edikus and corre-
spondents for telling a great deal less about them
than what the enemy knew.
The object is not to withhold knowledge from
the enemy; the authors of the system well know
that could not be done; but while reverses are
frei-di and startling to prevent them in their full
and naked truth from reaching our own people,
and having theii natural effect m producing dis-
content f< r the blundering management of their
affairs, and a purpose to change their rulers. And
when they are at length tardily given by our own
authorities they are generally neither full nor re-
liable—less so than as given by the enemy. The
people have a right to be informed by those whom
they intruvst with office how they transact their
business, and it is only they who are incompetent
to be charged with it, or who have sinister pur-
poses, that endeavor systematically to withhold
that knowledge; and this is a wrong and an out-
rage to winch they should never submit.
1 propose to state now some general facts as to
the present amount of the public debt and the
condition ofthe Treasury, and what will be their
piobablc condition at the end of the next fiscal
year, the 30th of June, 1865; and 1 get almost all
these facts fioni the reports of the Secretary of
the Treasury. In his annual report, dated 10th
December, 1863, he represents that the public
debt on 1st July, 1862, amounted to $508,526,499;
and from that date to 30th June, 1863, the end of
that fiscal year, its increase was §590,266,682,
making an aggregate of §1,098,793,181. In the
same repoit he estimates the addition to the pub-
he debt during the piesent fiscal year, closing the
30 th June instant, at $535,356,861; making a grand
total of $1,634,150,042.
l>it, Air. President, on the 13th of May last
tlx- Secretary published a synopsis of the public
debt up to that date, a copy of which I have be-
fore me, in which he exhibits its various classes,
and an aggregate of $1,726,248,441; and yet it
does not comprehend items that amount to many
hundreds of millions of dollars. At the close ,of
every fiscal year there arc outstanding appropri-
ations rind balances that have not been called for
in consequence of those appropriations never be-
ing squarely woiked up to in the course of the
public service. Each fiscal year terminates 30th
of June, and each regular session of Congress be-
gins the first JVJondny of December, and during
every session appropriations are voted for every
branch ofthe public service, to the end of the fis-
cal year, according to estimates furnished from
the Department to which they appertain. These
estimates are to some extentconjectural, and they
are almost always understated and fall short of
the actual expenditures, the Department for the
excess operating upon credit. Early in each ses-
sion the Secretary of the Treasury submits to
Congress his statement of the actual receipts into
the Treasury from all sources, and the actual ex-
penditures up to that time, so far as he can be in*
formed of them; and also estimates of the prob-
able receipts and expenditures both of the residue
of the current and the whole of the next fiscal
year. In every annual estimate he sets forth the
total of the appropriations made that will be un-
called for at the close of the fiscal year, and de-
ducts it from the aggregate estimated amount of
the expenditure of the year, although that amount
thus deducted has been actually appropriated by
laws of Congress, and exists as a portion of the
public debt, for the payment of which provision
in fact has thus been made. The amount of un-
called-for appropriations, estimated to remain at
the end of each fiscal year, is a part of and adds
an equivalent amount to the public debt at that
date.
Mr. Chase estimated these uncalled-for appro-
priations to be on the 1st of July, 1863, ^200,-
000,000; 1st July, 1864, $350,000,000; the 1st
July, 1865, $400,000,000; so (hat to his amount
of public debt, as stated for the end of the fiscal
year, the 30th June instant, must be add< d $350,-
000,000,as uncalled-forappiopriationo. The e-
retery deducts that amount, when he should have
included it in the aggiegate of Treasui y liabil-
ities. Another portion of the public debt not
included by the Secretary aie the deficiencies in
previous appi opnations, or the excess of the ex-
penditures over the sums voted, or for which no
provision had been made, being an aggregate of
$105,000,000 already voted at this session.
Since the Secretary sent to Congiess his last
annual estimates more than a half million of whito
soldiers and fifty thousand negiQ soldiers have
been recruited, and the aggipgate of bounties paid
and due to them exceeds $150,000,000. One hun-
dred thousand hundred-day men have also been
called into the service,and the cost of theirequip-
ment, subsistence, transpoi tat ion, pay, &c., with-
in the present fiscal year, will exceed $50,000,000.
The Secretary has advertised for a loan of
$75,000,000, the interest to be in gold and silver,
the proposals to be received within the fiscal year,
which will add that much moie to the public
debt. His report of date 14th May shows that
the amount of interest on portions of the public
debt, payable in goldand silver, to be$49,472,714,
to purchase which with greenbacks would lequire
more than $90,000,000; and to that sum must be
added twenty-three* millions and a fraction tor in-
terest payable in currency.
Other debts and appropriations, not included m
my computation,! will set down at $100,000,000,
though they will probably amount to two or ihree
times that sum. Thus the public debt, 1st July
next, will stand:
Amount stated by the Secretary, 14th May. .§1,730,870,926
Uncalled-for appropriations, 1-st July.... ^.. * 350,000,000
Deficiencies m lonner appropuatioiH   lO5.OOO,Ui>0
Bounties       150, 000,000
Cost of the hundred days' men  50^000,009
Amount of advertised ioan  75,000,000
Additional cmiency to pay uoid interest.... 40^00j,u<i0
Ail oihoi debts and appropuations;    100,000,000
600.870,936
Add for the total amount of all nth^r dubts ami
claims against the United States in favor of the
States and all the people of the United States and
