1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£731
Now, which amounts to the most in the course
of a year, the tonnage duty or the freight, I do
not know.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think we had better strike
out the tonnage duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the Senator
from New York is not prepared to state that. He
is legislating in the dark. I say very frankly that
so far as my own immediate constituents are con-
cerned, as well as the constituents of the Senator
from New York, they will get rid of burdens by
this amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. I will strike out all relating to
the tonnage duty. I had some doubts myself
whether to put it in or not.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think that amendment had
better be made.
Mr. HARRIS. I will strike out that, leaving
in the toils.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from New York so modify his amendment?
Mr. HARRIS. Yes,sir. The tonnage duties
are very small.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know they are small,
but still they pay something.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The question
is on the amendment as modified.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to this amend-
ment on the same principle that I objected to the
other; but as the Senate voted me down on that
occasion, I shall not call for a division, because
the principle if applicable in the other case is quite
as applicable in this.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
upon it. I desire a reconsideration of the other
vote, and I hope we shall have it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course if
the other amendment prevails, allowing express
companies to deduct the amount paid to railroad
companies, this ought to prevail also. There is
no reason to distinguish between them. If the
Senate adhere to the vote taken a moment ago,
as a matter of course this amendment ought to be
carried in the affirmative; but I assure Senators
thnt if that is done we shall lose all revenue from
the large express companies and also the majority
of the revenue from transportation companies on
canals. Take Adams's Express Company, and I
will venture the assertion that two thirds or three
fourths of all the expenses paid by them are paid
to railroad companies. All the expenses they pay
for transporting expressgoods on railroads would
be deducted under the amendment of the Senator
from New York, and the balance of their ex-
penses arc the mere cost of agents to deliver these
little packages at the places of delivery.
Mr. FESSENDEN. More than that; I sug-
gest ft my friend there is no knowing what kind
of arrangement may be made. They may make
any arrangement they see fit.
Mr. SHERMAN. This matter has been care-
fully considered by the Committee 011 Finance.
They had a conference with the officers of the
principal express companies in the United States.
They presented this pointtous. We considered
it carefully and deliberated upon it. 1 think it
would be better to entirely exempt express com-
panies from the operation of your tax, rather than
to make this exception. I would rather sec all
these express companies relieved from taxation
than to make an exception which will substan-
tially repeal the tax. The effect would be that
all the large express companies-which can pay
this tax, which are making large profits, would
be exempted from taxation. They would re-
port their gross piocceds at say $1,000,000 a
year; they would report their payments to railroad
companies at §800,000 a year, leaving $200,000,
or substaniially their net income, to be taxed.
That would be the result of it, while you apply
a different rule to all stage companies and to all
express companies in wagons and those of infe-
rior grade, where the profits are much less.
In order to show the injustice of this proposi-
tion, suppose we compare a large stage company
with a transportation company on railroads." If
the transportation company 011 railroads deducts
the amount paid to railroad companies from the
aggregate receipts, all the expenses of the com-
pany except the mere payment of the officers and
agents at the place of delivery and place of receipt
are deducted. Take the case of a stage com-
pany. Why should not the stage company de-
duct the amount they pay for oats and grain to
feed their horses? They are indispensably.ne-
cessary to be paid. Why should they not be al-
lowed to deduct therefrom their gross receipts?
There is no reason for not doing so if you allow
an express company to deduct what it pays to a
railroad company. Both are necessary expenses.
You have adopted a principle by which instead
of levying a tax on the gross receipts from trans-
portation you levy it on the net receipts, and there
is no reason why you should make a deduction
in favor of an express company on railroads that
you do not make in favor of a transportation com-
pany in stage-coaches or any other common car-
rier.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to make an
inquiry of the Senator from Ohio, as he under-
stands this subject much better than I do, before
he takes his seat.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I voted for that proposi-
tion with this understanding,and 1 want to know
whether this is the fact: $100,000 for example are
received by the express company; the tax is
per cent. Then they have to pay to the railroad
company $50 per hundred, and you tax that in the
hands of the railroad company per cent. I
want to know if in transporting the same class of
articles that is not a tax of 5 per cent. That is
the understanding on which I voted for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. You may say the same of
almost any class of business. If you allow the
deduction in one case you must allow it in
another. Why not allow the stage proprietor,
who transports by stage coach, to deduct what is
absolutely paid by him to the farmer for grain,
&c.? The cases are substantially similar; I see no
difference.
Mr. GRIMES. Take the case of the shoe you
have on your foot, Mr. President. You pay first
a tax when the animal is killed by the farmer;
then you pay a tax on the leather in the hands of
the tanner; and then a tax when ids in the hands
of the currier; you pay a tax on the leather in
the hands of the maker of the shoe; arid you pay
a tax again on it in the hands of the merchant
who sells it. Where is the differifrice between that
and the case of an express company? There are
four taxes accumulated on the consumer of the
shoe. It is just so in the case of the express com-
pany, save and except that we only tax the ex-
press company in two cases, whereas in the case
of the leather which composes the shoe or boot
on the Senator's foot there are five taxes.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 may be mistaken, but to
my mind there is all the difference in the world
between the case supposed by the honorable mem-
ber from Iowa and the case before us. One thing
I suppose we will all admit: that we ought not
to attempt to tax more than we have got. There
must be a limitation upon the taxing power, and
that limitation must be that we can only tax the
estate, real and personal, that we have. The
taxing power cannot be used so os to add to the
subjects of taxation. That would be very clear
apparently. If we have one thousand millions of
personal property in the United States you cannot
by your taxing laws make it two thousand mil-
lions of property.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which express companies were exempted
a short time ago.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
question is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will give way to the Sen-
ator from Michigan if he desires to make any
remarks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He merely wants to move
a reconsideration.
Mr. JOHNSON. He can do that afterwards.
Now, if 1 am right in what I have said, you
are about to tax say $100,000, a portion of the
property belonging to the people of the country,
twice. If you think pi oper to tax that $100,000 5
per cent., there can be no objection to that; but
you have come to the conclusion that it ought not
to be taxed more than 2J per cent. There is no
doubt Congress may levy any amount of tax upon
that $100,000 which it thinks is right; but when
it has come to the conclusion that it is only right
to tax 2j per cent, upon the §100,000, and then
proposes to lay 2j per cent, on thesame §100,000
m somebody else's hand, it docs virtually, piac-
tically, levy a tax of5 per cent, upon the $100,000.
In the case of the express companies, the amend-
ment which has been adopted,and the vessels in-
cluded in this particular amendment, receive in
the course of their business, say, $1,000,000, and
they have to pay out of that $1,000,000, not an
uncertain tax, not a tax depending upon the rise
and fall in the njarketof oats or of anything else
that may become necessary in the transaction of
their business, but they have to pay a specific tax
for the purpose of using a canal which you have
constructed, or the States have constructed, and
which have been authorized to charge against
those who use it that specific tax. Those who
use the canal make no profit upon that disburse-
ment. They do not charge—it would not be hon-
est to charge as things now are—a profit upon
the tolls which they-pay on the canal. They
charge only a profit upon their own disburse-
ments. They receive from their customers the
amount which they pay to the canal; but they re-
ceive it merely for the purpose of paying that
amount to the canal. It is the money of thelattef,
not of the former. What thdy charge in addition
for their own services and for the use of their own
vehicle is compounded of what their own services
and vehicles are worth with the addition of such
a sum as is a reasonable profit upon the aggregate
amount, butthey never charge a profit upon what
they pay specifically, which is not theirs, nor re-
ceived as their own. Every man with whom they
deal would know that they do not advance any
money to the canal company, that what they pay
to the canal company is a certain specific sum
paid them for the purpose. They become verily
but the paymaster of the customer to the canal
company, and upon such amount they charge no
profit. On the contrary, if you think proper to
impose your 2| per cent, upon the amount which
they pay to the canal company, they will charge
a profit, and then it falls upon the customer.
My friend from Iowa illustrates what he sup-
poses to be the principle involved in this amend-
ment by the pair of shoes he has on. He says
we charge a tax upon the calf that produces the
skin, and we charge a tax upon the skin, and we
charge a tax upon the skin after it is tanned and
before it goes into the hands of the shoemaker,
and when it gets into the hands of the shoemaker
we charge a tax upon the shoe. That is all true,
but that is not a double tax, in any sense. We
charge upon your shoe what your shoe is worth,
and your shoe is worth just what may be the
worth of all the elements of which the shoe con-
sists, of the skin with which it is made, of all the
material which enters into the manufacture of the
shoe, and the services of the artisan by whom the
shoe is prepared. In the hands of the artisan it
is worth so much, because he can get so much for
it. Upon the foot of my friend from Iowa it is
worth what lie gives for it, because he cannot do
without it, and he pays a profit to the shoemaker
upon the whole expense to which the shoemaker
has been subjected in bringing the shoe into ex-
istence. Rut that is not the case with these com-
panies as the law now stands. If you do impose
this tax, it will be the case with the customer.
They will have to pay for the services rendered
by these express companies more than they pay
now; and just in proportion as you add to the ex-
penses to which they are subjected now, will more
or less interfere with the business of the commu-
nity.
Mr. GRIMES. The statement of the Senator
from Maryland is undoubtedly correct that if we
impose this tax these express companies will be
compelled to pay more than they are compelled
to pay now; but if I understand the theory upon
which we are proposing to pass this bill into a
law it is this, that we believe the public interests
will be subserved by levying a certain amount
upon the supposed profits of every branch of
trade. Let me illustrate as applicable to this ease:
we have a railroad running between Washington
and Baltimore; upon that lailroad runs an ex-
press company; that express company owns none
of the rolling stock; but it hires of the railroad
company the privilege of running one or two
cars, which they obtain at a very moderate rate,
only paying about 25 per cent, as much, I be-
lieve, as is paid for transportation for private in-
dividuals. Here is another company that pro-
poses to establish a rival line, not to run by rail-
way, but by horse express. The one uses horse
