TO6
TBI CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
April 20,
Monday of May. As it now reads it provides that
the work shall be directed to be done at that time.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to re-
turning to the twelfth section?
Mr, STEVENS. I think we had better not
go back.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move to amend the four-
teenth section in the eleventh line, by striking out
the words atthediscretion of the court," and by
jnserting the same words after the word " fined,"
in the ninth line. The clause would then read:
That if any person shalf deliver or disclose to any as-
sessor or assistant assessor appointed in pursuance of law,
any fake or fraudulent list, return, account, or statement,
with intent to defeat or evade the valuation, enumeiation,
or assessmentintended to be made, sueli poison so offend-
ing and being thereof convicted in any circuit ordistnct
court of the JCJnited States held in the distnct in which
£uch offense "may be committed, shall be fined, at the dis-
cretion of t^e court, in a sum not less than fifty dollars and
not exceeding double the sum of which he shall have at-
tempted to defraud die Government, and shall pay all costs
and charges ol prosecution.
I will merely remark that these words seem
jnore properly to come in at that point than after
the words " attempted to defraud the Govern-
ment."
Mr. BOUT WELL. I do not know that I ob-
ject to the amendment; but I will suggest that the
language now stands as it does in the existing
law, and as it has been construed. There is no
difficulty in the construction. It is merely a ques-
tion of taste in the construction of the sentence,
and under the circumstances I think I would pre-
fer the section as it stands.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend the
clause to which the amendment of the gentleman
from Maryland applies by striking out "fifty dol-
lars" and inserting " forty dollars." I will state
that there seems to me to be a possible incongruity
in the language of the section. It says he shall
be fined " in a sum not less than fifty dollars and
not exceeding double the sum of which he shall
have attempted to defraud Abe Government."
Now, suppose he shall have attempted to defraud
the Government of ten dollars, the law would
then require him to be fined not less than fifty
dollars and not more than twenty dollars. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 withdraw my amendment.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Creswell
was disagreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire that so much of
the section as prescribes a penalty shall he passed
over, and the Committee allowed to return to it
subsequently. 1 have attempted to prepare some-
thing that shall provide some uniformity in pre-
scribing these fines, and should such a system be
agreed on in committee 1 desire that permission
may be granted to return to this and to any other
section in winch fines may be prescribed which
may have been passed, so far as that subject is
concerned.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the pi^^osition of
the gentleman from Ohio wiil be assented to, so
that the committee may hereafter establish some-
thing like uniformity in the imposition of fines.
There being no objection, the proposition was
assented (o.
Mr. KERNAN. I will move to amend the
fifteenth section,in the twenty-fifth line, by in-
serting after the woid "sickness" the woids
" accident or unavoidable absence." The clause
would then read:
And in case ol refusal to make such lUt or return,the
assessor or assn-tant assessor shall thereupon add twenty
pel cunt, to the amount of the duty or tax ; and in ra*e of
neglect, except in case of sicknc^, accident, or unavoid-
able absence, to make such list or return, ten per cent,
snail be added to the amount thereof.
JVlr. MORRILL. That would give a pretty
broad margin. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to,
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 notice that the words
" iw heieby authorized and required" are omitted
in the following clause:
Anil it any pei>ofi,on being notified oi letjuired as afore-
said, -hall refu-e or neglect togive -aieh list or return wiihm
the time required as al'oiesaid, it -hull be the duty of the
a$b<;*sor or assi-,tant assessor of the district within winch
fueii jM'i-on shall jc.-ide to enter into and upon tbo prem-
ises, if it be necessary, of such person so refusing or Def-
lecting and t<> m ke. <iecoidin« to the best information
whjeii be can obtain, and on hi* own view and information
f-uch IKt or return < i the propeify, goods, waiw, audmer!
ehandife, See.
It seems to me the words I have named should
be inserted after the word " reside."
Mr. MORRILL. That is implied. The words
if inserted would be merely verbiage.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Very well. I will submit
no amendment, then.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 16. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in case any as-
sessor shall haye reason to believe that any list, statement,
or return required by law has been made to any assessor or
assistant assessor in a false or fraudulent manner, or if any
person whose duty it is to furnish any,list or return, or make
any statement requited by law,shall neglect or refuse to do
so, it shall be lawful for such assessor to summou by sub-
pena, to be served by any assistantas^essorof the district,
such persons as he may deem proper to appear before him,
at a time and place named therein, to give testimony or
answer interrogations respecting any objects liable to duty
or tax as afoiesaid, list, statements, or returns thereof, or
any trade, business, or piofession liable to any license as
aforesaid, and to enforce obedience to buch writ by attach-
ment as for contempt.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after the
word "license" these words: "or any gains,
profits, or income liable to be assessed."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the word
"they," and to insert the word "he" in lieu
thereof, and to change the word i( reside " to " re-
sides;" so that it will read:
Sec. 18. +Qnd he it further enacted, That any owner or
person having the care or management of property, goods,
wares, and merchandise, articles oi objects, not lying or
being within the assessment district in which he icajdes,
shall be permitted to make out and deliver the lists thereof
required by this act (provided the assessment district in
which thGfeftid objects of duty or taxation are situated is
therein, distinctly stated) at the time and in the manner pi e-
scribed to the assistant assessor of the assessment district
wherein such person resides.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved to insert the word
" monthly;" so that the section will read:
Sec. 19. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the lists afore-
said shall, whore not otherwise specially provided for, be
tJiken with reference to the day fixed tor that puipose by
this act, as aforesaid, and where duties accrue at oilier and
different times, the lists shall be taken with reference to the
time when said duties become due, and shall be denomin-
ated annual, monthly, and special lists, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the word " lists,"
wherever it occurs in the nineteenth section, be
altered to " list."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved the same amendment
in the twenty-first section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved to insert in the twenty-
first section " monthly or;" so that it will read:
And in ease it Miall be found ordtscovered hyany assess-
or that the annual list -so furnished to the piopei collector,
as aloresaul, is imperfect orincomplete, owing to the names
ot persons, liriiM, coipoiatioiH, oi objects liable to tax or
duty being omitted iherei'iom, the said assessor may, Irom
tune to tune, at any tune thereafter, enter on bus special list
all such objects ot duty oi taxation, with the names of per-
sons owning or having the care or ^upiiiinteudenue of prop-
erty lying within said district liable to said tax or duty, or
engaged m am business or pursuit requiring a licence, with
the mi ins payable by each, a  be Mini I discover to have been
omitted as aforesaid ; and the same ptoceedingv Miall ob-
tain and be had with lespect to «uch object*- of duty or tax
as are by this act lequned in respect to objects of duty or
taxes, and pnr^ons liable to tax regulaily entered and re-
turned on any monthly or special list.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Pec. 2-2 Jlnd be it fwthcr enacted, That there ''hall be
allowed and paid to the several asM-ssois. from the date of
their appointment, a salaiy of .$1,500 pei annnm, payable
quaiterlv, and in addition thereto, where the lecoiptsof
the collection district shall exceed the sumof$j00,000and
shall not exceed tne sum ol $4110,000 annually, one hall of
one pei cent, upon the excess of leeeipts over ,$100,000;
vvheie the teceipts of a collection distnet shall exceed
,<400 OQO and shall not exceed .$600,000, one fourth of one
percent, upon the excels ot receipts over $100,000 ; where
the jeceipt's shall exceed $600,000, one. tenth of one per
cent upon such excess; but the .salaiv of no assessor shali
in any case exceed the ^uin of $3,000j &c.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
words "and shall not exceed $600,000."
Mr. BROOKS. I avail myself of the present
occasion to inquire of the gentlemen from Ver-
mont whether there is any publication or record
to show what is the amount of salary and com-
mission received by these assessors5
Mr. MORRILL. The accounts are ali before
the First Comptroller of the Treasury.
Mr. BROOKS. I further avail myself of this
occasion to say that there should be some publi-
cation to show what is the amount received by
these assessors.
Mr. MORRILL. That is easy to be seen by
looking at the law.
Mr. BROOKS. The law does not state what
the deputies receive or what their commissions are.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move to insert
"five hundred;" so that the section will read:
But the salary of no assessor shall in any case exceed
the sum of $3,500.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue finds in
some districts that it is impossible to command the
services of men competent to discharge the duties
for the sum of $2,000. He thinks that it would
be wise to put the outside limitat §3,500 for some
of the larger districts. In the smaller districts,
where the collections are smaller, the salary will
not be increased.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not know what the
present experience may be, but my experience
was that we could find plenty of persons in the
country to accept these offices.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:-
And there shall be allowed and paid to each assistant
assessor three dollars and fifty cents lor every day actually
employed in collecting lists and making valuations, the
number of days necessary for that pin pose to be certified
by the assessor, and three dollars for every hundred tax-
able persons contained in the tax list, as completed and
delivered by him to the assessor.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out" three,"
and to insert in lieu thereof "five," so that it
will read " five dollars for every hundred taxable
persons," <fcc.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL moved to strike out the word
" taxable" in the twenty-second section, and after
the word * persons" to insert" assessed," so that
it will read,4 4 and three dollars for every hundred
persons assessed."
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that the
amendment ought not to be adopted. It may
create an inducement on the part of the assessor
to increase his list by putting on persons who are
not taxable.
Mr. MORRILL. The amendment is unim-
portant and cures the very evil complained of by
the gentleman.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out((three"
and in lieu thereof to insert "one." I believe
there is no increase in the pay of the assessors.
I presume that the gentleman from Vermont will
inform us that it is the fact that the pay is not
inci eased over that provided by the "act of March
3, 1863. But there is a material increase in the
pay of the assistant assessors; that is to say, that
under the old law he received a compensation of
three dollars a day during the time employed,
while by this bill he is to receive three dollars and
fifty cents a day. Under the old law he received
for making out the list one dollar for every bun-
dled persons assessed, while under this bill lie is
to receive three dollars, besides the additional al-
lowances for granting permits to tobacco, snuff,
or cigar manufacturers.
I have not discovered the necessity for this in-
crease. It is a very material increase, without
any apparent necessity. 1 would be willing to
increase the compensation half a dollar a day.
Perhaps that is reasonable enough, though here-
tofore a compensation of three dollars a day, and
one dollar for each hundred names upon the tax
list, was deemed a fair compensation to the as-
sistant assessors. Now it is proposed to increase
the per diem, and also the compensation based
upon the returns of the persons who are taxable.
It seems to me we ought not to swell the expenses
of collecting these taxes so rapidly. I think with
an inctease of compensation half a dollar a day,
taking into consideration the class of persons who
aie engaged in the performance of these duties,
this large increase of from one to three dollars per
hundred names upon the taxable list is not neces-
sary, and is unwarrantable. I hope there will
not be a disposition to increase the pay in this
respect. If we begin to do it now there is no tell-
ing where it wiil terminate. The expense ot col-
lecting this revenue is enormous anyhow, and the
vast number of these employes, and these vari-
ous sub-officers, swell the expenses necessarily
to a very large sum. You cannot expect these
taxes to be readily paid by the people unless they
