128
APPENDIX TO TEE .GON(iRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Juue 6,
SSra Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Internal Revenue—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
the United States in favor of the States, of tens
of thousands of loyal people,of the rebel as well
as the faithful States, of foreign Governments,
an4 of multitudes of their subjects. I have con-
jectured their aggregate amount now to be at least
$2,00O,0Q0,G00; but it will go on'increasing so
long as the war continues, and by 1st July, 1865,
it may be confidently assumed to exceed tiiat
, sum. The whole debt of the -United States will
then, beyond re^son^ble doubt, be more than
$5,000,000,000; and the prospect is the most
bloody.and .expensive civil war that the world
has ever known will still be raging. Tin's enor-
mous national debt has not only been growing
from year to year, but the rate of its increase has
augmented with each year, always beyond the
estimates of the Secretary, and, like a mountain
snaw-ball, it is rolling on, its ponderous and ever-
growing bulk compounding its capacity for fur-
ther aggregation. The immediate termination of
tlie war would greatly Umit buuvould not wholly
arrest its continuous increase.
The people of this country are still sovereign.
They nave supinely suffered their agents and
servants to seize upon powers that belong only
to themselves, but their unalienable sovereign
power is liable any day to be resumed by them
with resistless energy. They can say to the tax-
imposing power of their Government, "Thus far
Shalt thou come, but no further;" and when they
so speak ibey must be obeyed. There is a limit
both to their capacity and will to pay taxes, and
the aggregate of $300,000,000 annually will ap-
proximate both limits; certain I feel that $400,-
000,000 would reach if it did not transcend them.
This latter sum would exceed the aggregate of
the taxes of Great Britain; if levied in gold and
silver it neither could nor would be paid by the
people of the United States.- If the war wore to
cease on the lstof July,ail the political and social
elements of our country have been so widely and
profoundly agitated that it would take years for
them to become composed and for law and order
to resume their empire throughout the whole land.
A large military force, both landand naval, would
have to be maintained for years. Their cost for
the first year of peace might be some $400,000,000,
the second year it might be reduced to $300,000,-
000, the third to $200,000,000, and the fourth to
$100,000,000, but never below that sum. In (he
mean time all the other expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, including Lhe paytnentof the interest on
the public debt and pensions, would require an-
nually $900,000,000. Years of peace would re-
store the country,increase its population, develop
its vast natural resources, and angment its wealth
and the capacity of the people to pay taxes. If
the war would now stop it is within the range of
possibility that by long, long years, ages of peace,
and of the severest toil and economy on the part
of the people, their contribution in taxes to their
utmost ability might meet the interest, and at
some remote period extinguish the principal of
our huge public debt; but the continuance of the
war will produce such an augmentation of it that
all efforts -to master it will sink powerless and
crushed beneath its weight. The people may not
repudiate it, but they will not pay it, for the sim-
ple and sufficient reason that they did not pay the
Continental money of the Revolution: it was not
possible.
When the muse of history indites the story of
this war, the world will read with amazement that
it could have been averted by the Republican
members of the two Houses of Congress, or a ma-
jority of them and of their party, accepting the
terms embodied in these resolutions offered in the
Senate by one of my illustrious predecessors. Mr.
Crittenden, in January, 3861:
*cResolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Statrs of Jbncrica in Congress assembled, (two
thirds of both IIous.e& cuueuning,) That the following ar-
tieles be. awl are hereby, pi opose.l and submitted as amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States, which shall
be valid to nil intents and purposes as patt of said Consti-
tution, when ratified by convention*, ot'three fouiths of the
several States.
♦'Art. 1. In all the territory of ihe United States now
held oi hereafter acquired, situate noitli of 30° 30', slavery
or invnlunutty servitude, eveept as a piinishinunt lor crime,
is prohibited while such territory shall remain under tem-
toiial government. In all the territory now held,or here-
after acquired, south of said line ot latitmle, slavery of thr 
African race is hereby recognized as existing, and shall not
be interfered with by Congress, but shall be protected as i
property by all the departments ot the territoiial govern-
ment during its continuance; and when any Territory,
nottlt or south of said line, within such boundaries a^ Con-
gress may prescribe, s-hall contain the population requisite
tur a member of Congress aecoidirig to the then Fedeial
ratio of i {"presentation of the people of the United States,
it shall, (1 its form of government be republican, be ad-
mitted into the Union on an equal footing vvirli the original
Statue, with or without slavery,as the constitution of such
new State may provide.
"Art. 2. Congress shall have no power to abolish sla-
vciy in places under its exclusive jurisdiction, and situate
within the limits of Slates that penult the holding of slaves.
"Art. 3. Congress shall have no power to abolish sla-
very within the District of Coftnnbia, so long as it exists
in the adjoining States of Virgimaand Maryland, or either,
nor without the consent of the inhabitants, nor without
just compensation first made to such owners of slaves as
do not consent to such abolishment. Nor shall Confess
at any time prohibit officers ol the Federal Government
or menders of Congress, whose duties require them to be
in said District, from bringing with them their slaves and
holding them as such during the time their duties may re-
quire thein to remain there, and afterwaids taking them
iiom the District,
"Art. 4. Congress shall have no power to prohibit or
hinder the transportation of slaves from one' State to an-
other, orto a Territory in which slaves are bylaw permitted
to be held, whether thattiansportationbe by land, naviga-
ble rivers, or by the sea.
" Art. 5. That in addition to the provi>ions of the thiid
paragraph of the second section ot the fonith article of the
Con*tiumon of the United States, Congie^ shall have
power to piovide hy law, and it shall be its duty so to pro-
vide, that the United States shall pay to the owner who
shall apply for it the full value of his fugitive slave in all
cases when the marshal, or other officer whose duty tt was
to arrest said fugitive, was prevented from so doing by vio-
lence or intimidation, or when, after airest, said fugitive
was rescued hy force and the owner theieby pievented and
obstructed m the pursuit of his remedy for the recovery of
his fugitive slave under the said clause ot the Constitution
and the laws made m pursuance thereof. And in all such
cases, when the United Stated shall pay for such fugitive,
they shall have the power to reimburse themselves by im-
posing and collecting a tax on the county or city in which
said violence, intimidation, or icscue was committed, equal
in amount to the sum paid by them, with the addition of
interest and the cost of collection; and the said county or
city, after it has paid said amount to the United States,
may, lor its indemnity, sue and lecoverfrom the wiong-
doers, or rescuers, by whom the owner was prevented from
the recovery of his fugitive slave, in like manner as the
owner himself might have sued and lecoveied.
"Art. 6. No futuie amendment of the CoiNtitution shall
affect the five precedingai tides, nor the third paragraph of
the second section of the first article of the Constitution,
nor the third paragraph of the sceond section of the fourth
article of said Constitution; and no amendment shall he
made to the Constitution which will authorize or give to
Congress any power to abolish or interfere with slavery in
any of the States by whose laws it Uor maybe allowed or
permitted.
"Art. 7. Sec. 1. The elective franchise and the right to
hold office, whether Federal, State, torritoiml, ot muni-
cipal, shall not be exercised by pe^ons who aie, in whole
or in part, of the African iaco.''
The most of the principles embodied in this
series of resolutions were provided for by the let-
ter of the Constitution, all of them by its spirit*,
and it was their only office to express in clear
language what was intended by the members of
the Contention who framed the Constitution to be,
and what by its fair construction is in it, except the
surrender by the slave States of the right of their
people to take their slave property into the terri-
tory of the United States north of 360 30', outside
of all the States, and to have compensation for
their fugitive slaves. These propositions were
known at the time to have been acceptable to all
the slave States except South Carolina, and re-
ceived the active and earnest support of most of
them. She could have made no war by herself,
and would have been held soquiet and paralyzed
in the firm and powerful grip of the Federal Gov-
ernment, sustained by all the other States, that
this one wayward sister would soon have re-
turned subdued, if not penitent, to the family
circle.
But yon, Mr. President, [Mr. Clark,"] and
Senatois Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durk"e,
Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan,
King, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson, op-
posed and defeated that peace oileiing. The
struggling sunbeams gleamed through the south-
ern clouds of rebellion, and upon the mists of
the northern hemisphere painted a faint and tran-
sient bow of peace, which was soon swallowed up
by the heavy black clouds of abolitionism that
had been so long mustering to make relentless
war upon slavery and slave-owners. Its fierce
leaders had long waged that war in every other
mode, and they felt a savage joy at the portents
of an early and bloody shock of arms between the
imbittered sections, in which they had made up
their minds that the slavery of the negro should
be destroyed, though the Union, the best Gov-
ernment ever formed by man, and all the great
hopes of the white race perished with it.
Before the rebellion broke out, one of the modes
suggested by General Scott fur averting the war
was, if the concessions which the southern people
asked could not be granted, to let the wayward
sisters go in peace. It was also one of his max-
ims, that if a military end could be effected by
the loss of five hundred men, and five hundred and
one perished in its execution, one man had been
murdered. The old iron duke, Wellington, had
been a long and most inflexible opponent to what
in GreatBritain was called Catholic emancipation,
or the repeal of the acts of Parliament imposing
disabilities upon all the people professing that re-
ligion. When he was prime minister the agita-
tion of this subject having reached a point that
unless those disabilities were removed by the re-
peal of the laws imposing them, civil war was
inevitable, this great, firm, but humane man thus
spoke on the subject in the House of Peers: "My
lords, I am one of those who have passed more of
my life in war than most men, and principally I
may say in civil war, too; and 1 must say tins,
that if i could, by any sacrifice whatever, avert one
month of civtl war in the country to which I am
attached, I would sacrifice my life in order to do
it." If you, sir, and your party, including that
portion of your party consistingof men who pro-
fess to be ministers of the gospel of divine mercy
and peace, had possessed the humane spirit of the
two greatest military captains of this age, who
had seen more of the miseries of war than any
others living, this horrible civil war would have
been avoided; and the American people would
have been spared the slaughter of millions of
whites, the premature deaths of hundreds of thou-
sands of negroes, and an aggregateof woe which no
power short of the recording angel can compass
or register. If war is avast drama of murder,
where is the parallel in extent and horrors of that
which you iiavc brought upon your country?
Whose hands are red with so many prematurely
murdered? Who responsible for so many souls
rushed forward all unprepared to the judgment
seat of God ?
At the tune that the leaders of the party in
power foinsed their final and fatal decision, that
if the people of the slave States persisted in the
claim of their constitutional rights, the dispute
should have a bloody solution, the question most-
ly mooted between them was whether those peo-
ple had the right to take slaves into the Territo-
ries of the United States. What was their right5
Those Tenuoiies were the common property of
the nation, and the people of each and all the
States had equal rights and privileges in them.
To govern and regulate those Territories, so as
to give advantages to the interests and institu-
tions of some of the States to the prejudice of
others, would be both unjust and without com-
petent authority. All the citizens of the United
States have a constitutional right to settle m their
common Territories; and by the same warrant
the freedom of religious worship, of speech, of
the press, the privilege of trial by jury, and the
writ of habeas corpus accompany and by no au-
thority can be seveied from them. They have
an equally clear and common right, springing
from the same great fountain, to take with them
any and all property whatever; and no congres-
sional or territorial legislation can legitimately
infringe any of those rights.
But when any portion of such territory is ad-
mitted as a State into the Union it comes in as
the equal, and with all the rights and powers of
the other States; and any attempt or device to
strip it of a part is abortive and of no validity.
The people thereof form their own government,
I without any limit on their power, except it is to
be republican. They are possessed of all political
sovereignty in subordination to the Federal Con-
stitution. They fashion, according to their own
will, their laws and institutions, and declare what
shullbcand what shall not be property; and make
such regulations of it as they choose, within their
own limits. Were they so to will, they could abol-
ish and reestablish slavery in their State every year.
