2732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
carriages. The carriages are all taxed, and we
propose by this bill to increase the taxation upon
those carriages. It requires as much capital and
as much taxed capital under this bill to establish
this horse express that is to be the rival of the
railroad express as it requires to be annually ex-
pended by the present express company that runs
its line over the railroad. I ask my friend from
Maryland why he cannot demand of the Senate
with as much show of plausibility and reason
that there should be no imposition of tax upon
the ho'rse express company because their car-
riages and other attachments are taXed under this
bill as that you should exempt the express com-
pany that rips over the railroad, the annual ex-
penditures in eacli case amounting to the same
aggregate. Where is the difference in principle?
In the one case, in the case of the horse express,
there is a gross amount of capital employed, be-
longing to the company; in the other case there
is not any capital' employed, but there is a regu-
lar annual, monthly, weekly, or daily rent paid,
ttie aggregate of which will amount to as much
as the interest and the deterioration of the capital
ill the. other express company.
I should like to know with what show of rea-
son it can be claimed that this kind of express,
because, instead of owning the stock with which
it carries on its business, it uses the franchise of
a corporation and pays a rent for it, should be
excepted and all other expresses should not be
,excepted. Isit because the railroad company is
taxed on its franchise a certain amount upon its
receipts and the other property owned by the
horse express is not taxed ? That cannot be the
case, because the property of the other company
is taxed iif seme form or other, and taxed quite
as heavily as the property of the railroad com-
pany.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on. the amendment offered by the Senator from
New York to the one hundred and second section
in regard to railroads, steamboats,&c., on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 23; as follows:
YKAy — Messrs. Ilnrriy, Hendricks, lUcks, Johnson,
Morgan, Powell, and Sumner—7.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Gollamer, Cowan, Davis, Fessrnrien, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, Harlan, Henderson, Howe, /,ann of Kansas, Mor-
rill, Nesniitll, Sherman, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Wade,
and Wllley—23.
ABSSENI'—Messrs. Buckalfw, Carllle, Conness, Diron,
RooHtU6, Harding, Howard, I.ane ot' Indiana, McI)ouRnH,
Pouier y,Itomaey,Biehnnlson, Riddle, Saulsliury,Snm ue,
Trumbull, Wilkinson, Wilson, and Wright—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to reconsider
the vote on the previous amendment offered by
the Senator from New York.
The motion was agreed to. ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now will be on tlie adoption of the amendment,
which was to add to section one hundred and
three the following words: '
The amount paid for transportation to any railroad com-
pany orcorporation Khali In: deducted fi'ojn the amount of
gross receipt" upon which a duty Is to be charged under the
provisions of this section.
Mr. HARRIS. On that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Harris, Hendricks,
Hirk-. Johnson, Morgan, Powell, Haiftsev, Sumner, and
Van Winkle—11.'
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Collamcr, Fessenden,
Foot, Fostei, Gnme&, Hale, Harlan, Henderson, Howe,
Laneof Indiana,Morrill, Nevmlth, Sherman, Ten Eyek,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Willey—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, CarMe, Conness,
Cowan, Dixon, Doohttle, Harding, llowaid, Lane of Kan-
sas, MeDougall, Pomeroy, Rieliard-fon, Kiddle, Saulsbury,
Spragae, Trumbull, Wilson, and Wright—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. I propose to make one more
effort to do justice to the manufacturers of oil-
dressed leather. Under the law of 1862 these man-
ufacturers paid a duty of three per cent. As this
bill now stands, as they construe it, and I am in-
clined to think they construe it right, although
the chairman of the committee, 1 believe, thinks
otherwise, they will be required to pay a duty of
ten percent, upon their manufacture. Itisaduty
which has not its equal or parallel in this whole
bill. It is undoubtedly wrong, and it is grossly
unjust toward this class of manufacturers.- I pro-
pose now to put the proyision in the same shape
in which it was put two years ago, and in the
same shape in which a dozen other provisions are
found in this bill, one of which was offered by
the chairman of the committee himself the other
day in relation to furs. Take the case of furs.
By the bill, as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, manufactures of fur were taxed ten
per cent. The committee reported a reduction of
that tax to five per cent., and then they"*have
added the proviso which I will read:
Provided, That all manufactured furs on which a duty
has been previously assessed and paid before manufacture
shall be assessed only on the increased value thereof wllcn
so manufactured.
That was the provision in relation to these
manufactures of gloves and mittens two years
ago. I propose to insert the same provision on
page 141, after line three hundred and seventy-
three. The clause now reads:
On oil-dressed leather and deer-skins, dressed or smoked,
when sold or removed for sale, a duty of five per cent, ad
valorem.
I desire to add this proviso:
* Provided, That when leather or skins upon which aduty
has previously been assessed and paid shall be manufac-
tured into gloves, mittens, or moccasins, the duty shall only
bo assessed upon the increased value thereof when man-
ufactured.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose if the Senator
succeeds in that amendment he will strike out the
words that were inserted by the Committee on
Finance, " when sold or removed for sale."
Mr. HARRIS. 1 have no objection to do that.
Mr. TEN EYCK. This matter was up and
under discussion in rather another shape a day or
two ago, Itnow assumes a different aspect. The
proposition, as it came before the Senate two days
ago, involved other interests with which certain
persons from whom 1 have received communica-
tions^ were largely connected. I have had no com-
munication on the subject of these gloves and mit-
tens, and articles manufactured from deer-skins,
dressed or smoked, and therefore, so far as the
amendment proposed by the Senator from New
York is concerned, I am not disposed to make any
objection to it;«nd yet for the life of me I cannot
sec the reason why there should be any exemp-
tion or discrimination made in behalfof the man-
ufacture of gloves and mittens out of deer-skins,
dressed or smoked, and the manufacture of har-
ness, shoes, and othcr articles made out of oil-
dressed leather. They are all in the same cate-
gory.
it this exception from the effect of the tax is
to be made in relation to gloves and mittens, I do
not see why it should not be made with respect
to the manufacture of harness, boots, shoes, cav-
alry belts, and articles of that description, which
employ infinitely a larger amount of capital and
infinitely a larger amount of men, and concerns
in a far greater degree the industrial pursuits of
the country than this simple manufacture of the
covering for the hands which is embraced in the
Senator's amendment. I should claim in behalf
ofavery.Jarge number of industrious men through-
out the length and breadth of this land, if the
amendment of the Senator from New York should
be adopted, that they should also be recognized.
I do not see why the manufacture of gloves and
mittens in a local district of this Union should be
particularly the object of our care and solicitude,
when tens of thousands of hardy, industrious
men are laboring day by day in the manufacture
of shoes, harness, and everything that is made
from leather, and are subject to this duty, and
not relieved from the exemption asked for by the
Senator from New York.
If it is thought to be judicious, because we
have relieved furs from such aduty, I would vote
for the amendment of the Senator from New
York, provided the Senate with a full knowledge
of the effect of that amendment would also vote
to amend the bill in the particulars to which I
have referred. Then, as I understand, the Sen-
ator from New York is willing that the amend-
ment introduced by the committee in this clause
which relieves all this class of leather from the
duty of five per cent, when sold or removed for
sale shall be stricken out. That feature of it
ought to be taken out unquestionably; because
there can be no reason in the woild why Mr. A
who manufactures gloves, mittens, harness, shoes,
or cavalry belts from leather which he makes
himself should only be liable to a duty of five
percent., when Mr. B, whohas notcapital enough
to go into the business of making the leather,
tanning the leather, and also manufacturing the
article after the leather is tanned, shall be subject
to a duty of ten per cent.
With this explanation, it is for the Senate to
determine whether they will relieve this particu-
lar branch of business alone from the effect of
the duty under the amendment as proposed by
the Senator from New York, or whether if they
make the exemption in that case they will extend
it to these other articles of manufacture. All I
ask is that these industrial pursuits shall be put
upon the same footing, and that all classes of man-
ufactures so far as regards this branch of busi-
ness shall be equally subject to duties and equally
have the benefits which Congress should extend
to all men alike. I therefore would oppose the
amendment of the Senator from New York on the
ground that 1 have stated.
Mr. HARRIS. I suppose that if this bill pro-
vided that the yarn in a cotton factory should be
taxed, and then when that yarn was woven into
cloth and ready for market it should be taxed
again, there would not be a vote in favor of sus-
taining that proposition. It is impossible for me
to discriminate between thiscaseand that. These
.men import skins, decr-skins and sheep-skins.
They pay a duty of fifteen per cent, to the Gov-
ernment upon their importation. They take them
to their factory and they work them up. They
dress them, oil-dress them, kid-dress them, and
make them into an article which when cut up
and sewed together makes gloves and mittens.
It is all one continued series of proceedings in the
same hands, just us much as the manufacture of
cotton into yarn and from yarn into clothing.
The amendment that 1 propose is simply this:
that you may tax the skins when they are dressed,
and then when they are cut into gloves and mit-
tens and moccasins, and made ready for market,
you may tax them again upon their increased
value, but that you shall have but one tax of five
per cent, on the whole.
Now, sir, I happen to know the fact, it is a
well-ascertained fact, that more than ninety per
cent, of all this business is done in the factories
in one county in the interior of New York, and it
is this one proceeding. These skins when they
are dressed are not an article of commerce at a|f.
There may be a few now and then sold; but gen-
erally those are principally used for making the
pads in pianos. A little piece as big as a ten cent
piece is used for certain purposes in a piano.
With thatexception, however, they are only used
for the manufacture of gloves and mittens. This
amendment simply allows those people to pay
five per cent, upon their manufacture when it is
prepared for commerce, for sale; and that is all
there is about it. If you leave the provision as
it now is, without the amendment I have proposed,
you tax these poor people ten per cent, upon their
manufacture, and they'cannot stand it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not wish to run this
thing down. I think it is generally understood.
The articles proposed to be exempted from this
tax in the mode proposed are deer-skins dressed
or smoked. Now, I imagine that the deer-skins
that are used in the manufacture of these gloves
and mittens are not imported into this country.
Mr. HARRIS. Nearly all of them are.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not know to what ex-
tent, but certainly we have a great deal of that
raw material in this country; and I imagine we
do not import when we have the material of our
own exclusively. I do not think we disregard
the raw material we have, throw it away, and im-
port similar material. Doubtless we do import
some. So it is with regard to oil-dressed leather.
That goes into the manufacture of boots, shoes,
harness, &c. We manufacture a great deal of
leather thatcomes from the backs of cattle slaugh-
tered in our own country. We also import hides,
or did so formerly to a very great extent. The
same reasoning which the Senator from New
York has used for the purpose of exempting this
particular class of business from the operation of
this duty applies with equal force to the kind of
business to which I have referred. We import
leather from South America and other foreign
countries which is oil-dressed and goes into the
manufacture of harness, shoes, boots, &c.
Mr. HARRIS. Harness is not oil-dressed.
