1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
That is an argument to show that we all, black
and white, start off in the race of life nearly of the
same color,andthat we ought to come to itagain,
by the processes of—miscegenation!
The author, in his second chapter, devotes many
pages to considering the superiority of mixed
races. Without combating his facts or deduc-
tions, let rtie quote this grand conclusion:
" Whatever of power and vitality there is in the Ameri-
can race is derived, not from its Anglo-Saxon progenitors,
but from all the different nationalities which go to make up
tliis people. Ail that is needed to make us the finest race
on earth is to ingraft upon our stock the negro clement
which Providence has placed by our side on this continent."
[Laughter.] " Ot all the rich treasures of blood vouchsafed
to us, that of the negro is the most precious," [laughter,] "be-
cause it is the most unlike any other that enters into the
composition of our national life." [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish my
friend from Ohio to read ah extract from a book
which he himself wrote.
Mr. COX. My friend ought not to be so sen-
sitive. These developments will not hurt him.
He does not belong to the miscegenists yet; and
if he will stand by General Grant and the white
constitution—physical and political—he will not
"mix" himself in this matter. I again quote:
•'It is clear that no race can long endure without a com-
mingling of its blood with that of other races. The con-
dition ofall human progress is miscegenation." [Laughter.]
"The Anglo-Saxon should learn this in time tor his own
salvation. If we will not heed the demands of justice, let
us at least respect the law of self-preaoivation. Provi-
dence has kindly placed on the Amenean soil, for his own
wise purposes, four million colored people. They are our
brothers, oui sisteis.'' [Laughter.} " By mingling with
them we become powertul, prosperous, and progressive ;
by lefusing to do so we become feeble, unhealthy, narrow-
minded, unfit for the nobler offices ot freedom, and certain
of early decay." [Laughter.]
I call the special attention of my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] to these points, with
a vipw to their incorporation in his bureau for
freedmen and freed women. All your efforts will
be vain, and you will not be able to maintain a
healthy vitality, if you do not mix your whites
very freely with your black beneficiaries.
The writer gives us his theory of the war. Al-
though the war has riot quite reached the misce-
gerietic point yet, it progresses visibly. After
showing how other warshave blended the various
bloods of the world, he says:
" It will be our noble prerogative to set the example of
this rich blending of blood. It is idle to maintain that this
present v\ ar is not a war for the negro. It is a war for the
negro. Not simply for his personal rights or his physical
freedom; it is a war, if you please, ot amalgamation, so
called—a war looking, as its final fruit, to the blending ot
the white and black. All attempts to end it withouta rec-
ognition of the political, civil, and social lightsof the negro
will onlylead to still bloodier battles in the future. Let us
be who and look to the end. Let the war go on until eveiy
blackman and every black woman is free. Let it go on until
the ptide of caste is done away. Let it go on until cbuich,
and state, and society recognize riot only the pioprietybut
the necessity of the fusion of the white and black;" [laugh-
tei] "in short, until the great tiuth shall be declared in our
public documents and announced in the messages of our
Presidents, that it is desirable the white man should marry
the black woman and the white woman the black man—
that the race should become melalcukctic before it becomes
miscegenetie." [Great laughter.]
This is the language of scientific progress, soon
to become familiar to the gentlemen on the other
side. The author proceeds:
" The next step will be the opening of California to the
teeming millions of eastern Asia. The patience, the in-
dustry, the ingenuity, the organizing power, the skill in the
mechanic arts which characterize the Japanese and Chi-
nese must be transplanted to our soil, not merely by the
immigiation of the inhabitants of those nations, but by their
incorporation with tiie composite race which will hereafter
rule this continent.
" It must lie remembered that the Indians whom we have
displaced weie topper-colored; and no other complexion,
physiologists affirm, can exist permanently in America.
The white race which settled in New England will be un-
able to maintain its vitality as a blonde people. Thedarker
shades of color live and thrive, and the consumption so
prevalent in our eastern States is mainly confined to the
yellow-haired and tlnn-blooded blondes."
What a sad picture this for our New England
friends! Oh, ye yellow-haired and thin-blooded
Yankees! Mingle! mingle! mingle while ye
may! It is the sure cure for your asthmas and
consumptions.
Still speaking of these thin-blooded New Eng-
enders, he says:
II They need the intermingling of the rich tropic temper-
ament of the negro to give warmth and fullness to their
natures." [Laughter.] "They feel the yearning,and do
not knowhowtoinwrpretit." [Laughter.] ''The physi-
cian tells them they must travel to a warmer climate.
They recognize in this a glimpse of the want they feel,
though they are hopeless of its efficacy to fully restore the
lost vitality. Still they feel the nameless longing.
Yet waft me from the harbor mouth,
Wild wind! I seek a warmer sky,
And 1 will see before I die
The palms and tempies of the South.*
" It is only by the infusion into their very system of the
vital forces of a tropic race that they may regain health and
strength. We must accept the facts of nature. We must
become a yellow-skinned, black-hatred people—in fine, we
must become miscegens if we would attain the fullest re-
sults of civilization." [Laughter.]
This enthusiastic theorist then shows that all
religions are derived from the dark races. He
calls to us from the tombs of Egypt, and solves
the Sphynx riddle of our national destiny. That
solution is this: that " if we would fill our proper
places in nature we must mingle our blood with
all the children of the common Father of human-
ity." Thus and thus only can we hope for re-
demption by a pure religion. The cold skepticism
of the Caucasian will then be expunged in the
more genial faith which miscegenation will pro-
duce. Hear him:
"May we not hope that in the happier hereafter of this
cohtincnt, when the Mongolian from China and Japan, anfl
the negro from his own Africa, shall have blent their more
emotional natures with ours, that here may bo witnessed
at once the most perfect religion as well as the most per-
fect type of mankind the world has yet seen ? Let us then
embrace our black brother;" [laughter;] " let us give him
the intellect, the energy, the nervous endurance of the cold
North which he needs, and let us take from him his emo-
tional power, his love of the spiritual, his delight in the
wonders which we understand only thiough faith. In the
beautiful words of Emerson:
" 1 He has the avenues to God
II id from men of northern brain,
Far beholding, without cloud,
What these with slowest steps attain.5"
The writer then goes on to show what this
miscegen will become physiologically. He will
be the realization of the ideal, not of the white
or of the black race, but the perfect ideal of the
blended races! The artist is called in to adorn
by the rarest touches of the facile pencil this pro-
duction of advanced abolitionism:
" The ideal or type man of the future will blend in him-
self all that is passionate and emotional in the daiker lace",
all that is imaginative and spiritual in the Asiatic iaces,
and all thatisintellectual and perceptive in the white races.
He will also be composite a^ legards color. The purest
miscegen will be brown, with reddish cheek*, cmly and
waving hair, dark eyes, and a fullness and suppleness of form
not now dreamed of by any individual people."
" Adam, the progenitor of the race, as his veiy name sig-
nifies, was made ot led eatth ; and, like the inhabitants of
•Syria and Mesopotamia, must have been of a tawny or yel-
low color. The extreme white and black aie d*>pai tares
from the original type. The Saviour is repicsented very
falsely in paintings as being light-haired and white-skinned,
when, in truth, he must have been a man of veiy daik com-
plexion, as were all the Palestine Jews. They were a
tawny oi yellow race. The tact has been noticed that the
Amharie, the language of the Abyssinian, is remaikably
analogous to the Hebrew, lendering it piobsible that the
Jews were paitly of Abyssinian or negro origin."
The writer makes the same mistake which
others have made in confounding the Abyssinian
with our Congo negro. They aie utterly unlike
in form and feature as well as jn mind and char-
acter. The author's eloquence is better than his
science; for with what enthusiasm does he close
his appeal to the members of the abolition party:
" Weurge upon white men and women no longertogloiy
in their color; it is no evidence of cultivation or of ptniiy of
blood. Adam and Christ, the type men of the world's gieat
etas, were red or yellow, and to men of this color, above
all others, must be communicated the higher inspiiatioii*.
which involve gieat spiritual tiulhs, and which bring in-
dividuals of the human family into direct communion with
supernatural agencies."
These theories, which seem so novel to its,
have been a part of the gospel of abolition for
years. The celebrated authoress of Uncle Tom's
Cabin has made a pen-portrait of a misccgcnctic
woman and man in her novel called Drod. She
makes them the central figures in her graphic
scenes of southern life. Harry, the quadroon
overseer, and Lisette, his wife, are described as
of that "mixed blood which seems so peculiarly
fitted to appreciate all the finer aspects of conven-
tional life." Harry's power was such, owing to
the constitution inherited from his father, tem-
pered by the soft and genial temperament of the
beautiful Eboe mulattress who was his mother,
that, through fear or friendship, upon the planta-
tion there was universal subordination to him.
Lisette is described as a delicate, airy little crea-
ture, formed by a mixture of the African and
French blood, producing one of those fanciful,
exotic combinations that give the same impres-
sion of brilliancy and richness that one receives
from tropical insects and flowers! Her eyes JiaVfc
the hazy,dreamy languor which is so character-
istic of the mixed races.
With such sensuous portraiture as his original,
the author I am considering finds all the charac-
teristics of perfect ideal beauty in the—negro girl!
He copies them with fidelity, if he does not sur-
pass the original.
I call the attention of gentlemen upon the other
side to this remarkable picture, for they will find
its living counterpart only in the crazed skulls of
their fanatic supporters:
" In what does beauty consist? In richness and bright-
ness of color, and in gracefulness of curvc and outline.
What does the Anglo-Saxon, who assumes that his race
monopolizes the beauty of the earth, look for in a lovely
woman? Her cheeks must be rounded and have a tint of
the sun,her lips must be pouting, her teeth white and reg-
ular, her eyes large and bright; her hair must euri about
her head, or descend in crinkling waves; she must be merry,
gay, full oT poetry and sentiment, fond of song, childlike,
and artless. But all these characteristics belong, in a some-
what exaggerated degree, to the negro girl. What color is
beautiful in the huuian face? Is it the blank white? In
paintings, th*  artist has never portrayed so perfect a woman
to the fancy as when, choosing his hubjectfrom some other
than (he Caucasian lace, he has been abletointioduce the
marvelous charm ot the combination of colors in her face.
Not alone to the white face, even when tinted, with,mant-
ling blood, is the fascination of female loveliness imputed.
The author may state—and the same experience can be
witnessed to by thousands—that the most beautiful girt in
form, feature, and every attribute of feminine loveliness
he ever saw was a inujatto. By crossing and improve-
ment of different varieties, the strawberry, or other garden
fruit, is brought nearest to perfection, In sweetness, size,
and (Vuitfulness. This was a ripe and comp'ete woman,
possessing the best elements of two sources of parentage.
Her complexion was warm and dark, and golden with tlio
heat of n opical suns, lips full and luscious, cheeks perfectly
molded and tinged with deep crimson, hair curling, and
"' Whose glossy black
To Miame might bring
The plumage of the raven's wing.'"
This pamphleteer is a thorough philosopher.
He holds that the slaveholders South are a supe-
rior racc,owing to their intimate communication
from birth to death with the colored race. Their
emotional power, fervid oratory, and intensity of
thought and will are attributed to this association.
Their ability to cope with the North in battle is
found to consist in the fact that the presence of
Africans in their midst in large numbers infuses
into the air a sort of barbaric malaria; a miasm of
fierceness, which after long intercourse between
the races conies to infect the white men and even
the women also!
I would fail in my promise to elucidate this new
creed of abolition, did I not call attention to the
argument which the writer draws from the fact that
contraries like each other and that the blonde in-
continently falls in love with the black ! From this
principle of aesthetics or lust the author deduces his
highest typeof beauty. Fiom thissourceof oppo-
site yet mingling emotions he thinks that civiliza-
tion will be enhanced and glorified!
1 give his deductions as well for their novelty
as for his felicity in choosing the names by which
he illustrates them. Let me again quote:
" Such of our readers as have attended anti-slavery meet-
ings will have observed the large proportion of blondes in
the assemblage. Thispeculiawty i-= also noticeable in the
leading speakers and agitators 111 the great anti-slavery
party. Mr. Iloiaoc Greeley, of the New York Tubune,
known lor bis devotion to the negro race, is as opposite as
a man possibly can be to the people to whom he has shown
his attachment by long and earnest labor tor their welfare.
In color,complexion, structure, mental habits, peculiarities
of all kinds, they are tar apart as the poles. The same
is true of Mr. Wendell Phillips. He, too, is the very oppo-
site of the negro. His complexion is reddish and sanguine;
his hair in younger days was light; h« is, in short, one of
the shai pest possible contract* to thepure negro. Mr. Theo-
dore Tiltonahe eloquent young editor of the Independent,
who has already achieved immoitaiity by advocating en-
thusiastically the doctune of miscegenation,55 [laughter,]
is a very pure specimen of the blonde, and when a young
man was noted for ln^ angelic type of feature"—[laughter]-—
"wemeau angelic after the type of Raphael, which is not
the true angelic feattne, because the peilecttype of the fu-
ture will be that of the blended races, with the sunny hues
nf the South tinging the colorless complexion of the icy
North. But it is needless furtlfrr to particularize. The
sympathy Mr. Greeley, Mr. Fhillips^and Mr.Tilton feel for
the negro is the love which the blonde bears for the black;
it is a love of raco, a sympathy stionger to them than the
love they bear to woman. It is founded upon natural law.
We love our opposite&.
" Nor is it alone true tin t the blonde love the black. The
black also love their opposite*. Said Frederick Douglass,
a noble specimen of the melaleuketic American," [laugh-
ter,] " in one of his speeches: * We love the white man,
and will remain with him. We like him too well to leave
him; but we must possess with him the rights of freemen.'
