1864
THE CONCHflBSSSOWik GLOB®
1W7(
feel that the system is as economical as a just
consideration of the public service will admit of.
Mr. MORRILL. Under this law, I am very
happy to say, the duties are collectcd cheaper
than they have been in any other country what-
ever. The percentage of cost to the Government
is only about one half as much as it is in Eng-
land for the same kind of taxes. But the com-
mittee, while they have curtailed the amount of
compensation which will be received by the col-
lectors, have thought that the assistant assessors,
who perform the most laborious part of the du-
ties under this act, have been poorly compen-
sated. Take, for instance, the case of a rural dis-
trict; the assistant assessor, if he does not own a
horse and carriage, is obliged to hire one. We
have information before us that where, heretofore,
assessors have been able to hire a horse and car-
riage for one dollar a day, they now have to pay,
in some cases, two dollars a day. Then the as-
sessors have to support themselves by living $t
hotels, and after paying their tavern bills they
h,ave, when they get home, hardly enough to pay
their other expenses.
We have proposed only a very moderate in-
crease of the compensation of these laborious offi-
cers. We are informed by the principal assessors
that they find it exceedingly difficult to obtain
men competent to discharge the duties to accept
the places, and that but for the fact that they ex-
pected their compensation would be increased by
this Congress a large proportion of the present
officers would have resigned already.
It is merely proposed by this provision to in-
crease the pay for making out this list from one
dollar to three dollars per hundred names. This
will give them but a very small amount of com-
pensation; in some districts perhaps twenty-five
dollars, in some districts perhaps fifty dollars,and
it is a very inconsiderable compensation anyway.
I hope the House will at least agree that this
amount shall be paid to them.
It is suggested by the gentleman from Indira
[Mr. Holman] that we allow them fees uporr^br-
mits granted to cigar and tobacco manufacturers.
I merely wish to say that this will be very small,
except in cities like New York and other large
cities, where the officers would be utterly unable
to live without those fees.
Mr. ODELL. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Vermont whether this clause " and twenty-
five cents for each permit granted to any tobacco
or cigar* manufacturer" is not a new clause?
Mr. MORRILL. It is.
Mr. ODELL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting " two dollars" instead of" three
dollars."
Mr. GRINNELL, I rise simply to confirm
the statement made by the gentleman who has
this bill in charge. Now,sir, I personally know
that some of the sub-assessors in my district have
sent in their resignations and were only prevailed
on to continue in office by the assessor himself,
upon the presumption that their compensation
would be increased.
Now, sir, as stated by the gentleman from
Vermont, when these assistant assessors start out
to perform their duties they have to pay their
tavern bills, they have to pay for their teams,
and when they return they find that they have
nothing left. I hope that the compensation will
be continued at three dollars a day and that it
will not be reduced to two dollars a day.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend, in the
forty-seventh line, by inserting after the word
"and" the words "to assessors and assistant
assessors." I also move to amend,in the forty-
eighth line, by inserting, after the word " Caro-
lina," the word "Mississippi." The clause as
amended would read:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury shall be,
and he is hereby, authorized to fix Mich additional rates of
compendium to be made to assessors in eases where a
collection district embraces; more limn a single congres-
sional district, and lo assessois and assis-tant assessors in
the States of Louisiana, North Caiolina, Mississippi, Ten-
nessee, Missouri, California, and Oregon, and the Terri-
tories, as may appear to hnn to be just and equitable, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. Referring to line nine of this
section,.afurtheramendmentis required to make
the language conform to the action taken by the.
committee. I therefore move to strikeout from
the word "dollars" to and including the word
" excess," in line fourteen, as follows:
Where the receipts of a collection district shall exceed
$400,000 and shall not exceed $600,000, one fourth of one
per cent, upon the excess of receipts over $400,000; vyherc
the receipts shall exceed $600,000, one tenth of ode per
cent, upon such excess.
I desire to say a word in explanation of the
amendment. As the section now stands amended
by the committee, the maximum compensation is
reached by the percentage allowed tip to $400,000,
and consequently the one tenth of'one per cent,
on all above $600,000 caanot bp djawn by the
assessor, and is inadmissible. I will remark that
the theory onwhicixtheCommiueeof Ways and
Means proceeded was that it was for the interest
of the Government to allow a small f>ercent$ge''
upon the entire amount assessed, creating there-
by an inducement for the assessor to perform his
duties to their entire extent. I beg permission
to say that in inserting the percentage of one
tenth of one per cent, the object of the committee
was not to benefit the assessor but to benefit the
Government; butas this Committee of the Whole
has decided otherwise I submit this amendment
for the purpose of making the section conform to
the action already taken by the committee, leav-
ing it to the subsequent action of the House to
determine whether the principle adopted by the
Committee of Ways and Means is safest for the
interests of the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NORTON. I move to amend the section,
in the forty-third line,after the word "author-
ized," by inserting as follows:
Piovided, That if any assessor shall demand of or rcceive
from any deputy assessor, a condition of bus appointment
to or continuance in his said office of deputy assessor, any
portion of the compensation heiein allowed, said assessor
so offending shall he summarily dismissed from office and
shall bo liable to a fine of not le«s than fifty dolljus, upon
conviction of such offense in any district or circuit court
of the United States of the district in which, sucii offense
ruay be commuted.
Mr. DAWES. Let me suggest to the gentle-
man that his amendment should be modified by.
adding after the words " shall demand or re-
ceive" the words " directly or indirectly."
Mr. NORTON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. DAWES. And I would further suggest
that the words "or any other consideration" be
inserted. I am in favor of the amendment and
regard it as important, but as drawn I think it
will be easy enough to evade it. I think the
amendments I have suggested are necessary in
order to. cover the whole ground.
Mr. NORTON. I have no objection to the
modification suggested by the gentleman from
Massachusetts. I desire to say in support of the
amendment that I hope the practice has not been
general, but I know that the evil has existed to
some extent. I know of one assessor, at least,
who has demanded and received of his assistant
assessors one dollar out of every three dollars re-
ceived by them as compensation.
Now, sir, it will be readily perceived by every
gentleman that such a practice is immoral, and
unjust to the United States in its tendencies. It
holds out to such assistant collectors powerful
inducements to make fraudulent statements $nd
returns, and especially as his accounts and re-
turns are to be certified to by the assessor him-
self, who has taken from him one third of his
legitimate compensation. His compensation is
paid by the collector, upon the certificate of the
assessor to its correctness, and every gentleman
will see that the interests of the United States
cannot but suffer while such practices may be
safely carried on. I hope such cases are rare,
but 1 know they have existed to a certain extent.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the amendment be
again read.
The Clerk read the amendment as it was modi-
fied.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest that tbcamendment
shall read, "shall demand or receive, directly or
indirectly;" and then to insert the words, "or
any other consideration," after the word " sal-
ary." With that modification I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. NORTON. I accept the gentleman's sug-
gestion as a modification of my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. This is an important amend-
ment and its worth depends upon its phraseology,
and it ought therefore to be prepared with care.
Mr. NORTON, i The amendment shouldbg::
made to read " assistant/' instead of" deputy."1
The amendment, as modified, was agreed-to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert "and as-
sistant assessors" after the word "assessors'."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL. I m o ve to strike o u l" 111 re? "'
and insert " four," sothat it will read "fourand,
a half." - '
Mr. Chairman, I agree to every word tlja,t has
been said in reference lo the importance of the
labors of assistant aissespors in the execution of
this law. In the rural districts the execution of
the Iavf entirely depends upon the work that the^;.
do; I am sure'that in my own district, comprise
ihg aiarge extent-of territory, $3 50 a day'wlfj"'
scarcely cover the expenses of a person compe-'
tent to perform the duties. I know that the Gov1-'
ernment has suffered delay because of the difficulty
ofobtaining persons compe tent to discharge the du-
ties of these officers for the compensation allowed
by law. Our assistant assessors must not only
be shrewd and active business men, but good"
clerks also, and it is rarely you tyill find a person
with all those qualifications. Then these assist-'
ant assessors are only employed a small portion
of the year. The compensation is entirely ina$4->
quate, especially in the rural districts, and there-
fore I have moved to increase it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to strike out,tU<0
words " in cases where a collection district em-
braces more than a single congressional district,
and in the States of Louisiana, North Carolina,
Tennessee, Missouri,California,and Oregon, and
the Territories," so that it will read:
Provide!, That the Secretary of the Treasury shall be,
and he is hereby, authorized to fix such additional rates of
compensation to he made to assessors as in ay appear to him
to be just and equitable, in consequence of tile greater cost
oflivinsjand tiavelusg in those States andTeriilories, and as
may, in his judgment, be necessary to secure the services;
of competent officers; but tile rates of compensation tliiVa1
allowed stiail not exceed the rates paid to similar officers*
m such States and Territories respectively.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to all these ex-
ceptional cases. I prefer the bill should be as it;
is in regard to collectors, leaving the whofi tnat^
ter with the Secretary of the Treasury or tire'
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to make the*
compensation adequate where it is not now ade-
quate, in their discretion.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I hope that will not be
done. The duties of the Secretary of the Treas-;
ury are great enough now. To compel him to'
fix salaries is imposing upon him duties whiclj
belong to Congress.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike out"$3 50"
and insert " $4."
I wish to say one word about that. A larger
portion of my district is sparsely populated. The"
assessors are not paid anything. They are now
doing their work for nothing. One assessor I
have in my mind. I know that, having been in
the Army for a couple of years, he took this place
as a kind of rest. He started with a horse and'
buggy, for which he paid $2 50 a day, and hiqf
expenses were $1 50, and he actually expended
every day he was out half a dollar more than alt
his pay came to; and that half a dollar was paitf
out of the thirteen dollais amonth he had received
while he was in the Army. That is the compen-
sation. I asked him why he did not resign. H'e
said he had enlisted in the beginning of the war
to serve the country; and that when he was not
able to serve longer in the field he took this of-
fice. I have moved t(iat it should be fixed at four
dollars a day. In my district that is no compen-
sation; but, from patriotic motives we can get
young men to discharge these duties. I wish to
cover expenses.
Mr. HOTCHICISS. In regard to the amount
of compensation, I do not wish to speak; but J
would suggest that this difficulty can be very easily
remedied. The best class of men for assistant as-1
sessors are the town assessors appointed under
State laws. They are generally competent men.
The electors of the towns have capacity enough
to select such men, and in my own district they
do select such men. In the State of New York
they are usually compensated at the rate of $1 S5
and $1 50 per day. The difficulty which these as-
sistant assessors experience will be obviated by
