130:
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[J une 23,
38$® <8tara.... 1st Sess.
Repeal of Fugitive Slave Laws—Mr. Da,vis.
Senate.
r voluntary cession of this magnificent domain
to the Government of the United States upon the
condition that it should be erected into other
States, stipulating that slavery, except as a pun-
ishment for crime* should never obtain in all that
Y8st Territory, but asking for herself, as one of
the considerations upon Which she made this most
munificent donation a provision,similar in sub-
stance to that which was afterwards embodied in
the Constitution for the benefit of all the Slates
and the peace of the Union. In the ordinance of
1787 -the effect of this provision was in favor
of Virginia only,-and was intended to apply to
her slaves, and no other subject; and when it
was incorporated into the Constitution the pur-
pose was to perpetuate the provision, not only
for her benefit, but of all the other States. Good
faith with Virginia,as well as harmony among the
slave and free States, required that this should be
done.
Sir, if the Congress of the United States had
refused to stipulate that condition when the ordi-
nance nf 1,787 was made, the State of Virginia
probably would never have made that ample and
imperial cession of territory to the General Gov-
ernment. If that provision of the Constitution
had not been inserted by its framers, the State of
Virginia and the other slave States never would
have agreed to it; the better Union would not have
been formed and the-worse union would not and
could not have been continued. The histoVy of
the country proves this position to be true, and
no man of intelligence and candor can deny it.
Why, sir, the, claim was so just, so reasonable,
so impelative upon the framers of the Constitu-
tion that it was adopted by that illustrious body
of men without a dissenting voice. When the
vote was taken whether this provision of the Con-
stitution should be accepted as a part of that great
fundamental law of the regenerated republican
empire that was then about to spring into being,
that was to consolidate and continue the ample
dominion winch was at one day to expand this
continent from ocean to ocean and whose power
and splendor was about to cclipse all the Powers
of the woild) this provision was thought so im-
periously politic and necessary and obviously just
to the slave States that it was accepted by the free
States without a single dissenting voice.
Sir, was it accepted in good faith? The men of
the North of that day, who had marched with
their brethren of the South through the storms
and trials of the Revolution, I have no doubt ac-
cepted it in the best faith, and if those great and
good men who weie then in the Convention, who
were in the State conventions of the free States
that adopted that Constitution, were now upon the
theater of action, and were called upon to super-
vise this puritntt of their great and sacred work,
th#M<* is not a single one whose pure and great soul
would not be outraged by the supposition that he
could bethought capable of violatmgit. The vio-
lation of this sacred covenant,;o my mind, isone
of the truest ami most ignoble evidences of the
degeneracy of thisday thatallofits vast evidences
of that character affoid.
Sir, that men understanding the origin and the
hisiory of this provision, knowing its nature,and
that it was the indispensable condition, as so many
of our judges, statesmen, and legislator have
avowed from time to time, upon which alone the
Constitution could have been funned and agreed
to, that men wiio understand the history <j£this
piovision and its sacred obligation, after having
8woin to support the Constitution of the United
States, should recklessly walk up to the repeal of
ad the jaws for the enforcement of this provision,
without offering a substitute to carry it into effect
and execution, to my mind is one of the strangest
exhibitions of moral delinquency that I ever wit-
nessed, or that could possibly be offered by degen-
erate men.
Sir, it is as competent, and it would be just as
much within the scope of the duty and'of the
moral power of Congiess, to repeat all the laws
in leludon to the reclamation of fugitives from
justice as of fugitives from labor. There is a false
philanthropy, a spurious humanity, a moek be-
nevolence, a caricature upon religious sympathy,
that Seeks to make all those sacred principles of
human action and all thoseennobhng principles of
human character the pretext for tins repeal, if
men do not want to keep this covenant why do
they not come up as men, men of honor and faith
and patriotism, and say to the people of the slave
States, who were interested in the execution of
this provision of the Constitution, " It is true that
in our solemn compact of Government, in our
great and fundamental articles of political partner-
ship we did agree to this stipulation, we pledged
our honor, faith, and word to its observance, to
its maintenance, but it is now against#ur leason,
our conscience, our sense of religion longer to
adhere to it; we therefore propose to you in peace
and amity, without strife, without bloodshed or
civil war, that we by mutual consent modify this
fundamental law of our political partnership by
striking out the provision in relation to fugitives
from labor."
Such a friendly proposition as that would of
course have been rejected. It that did not satisfy
the party or the States making the proposition
thus to abrogate it from the Constitution what
ought they then to have said? As men of faith,
as men of common honesty, as men disposed to
observe the most solemn obligations, and especi-
ally the sacred and holy obligations connected
with the execution of their fundamental law and
the observation of their oaths to uphold, sup-
port, and maintain that fundamental law, they
ought to-have said, "Then let us part in peace;
we cannot continue upon this condition of ren-
dering up to their owners fugitive slaves longer
under the Constitution and Government in winch
we have bound ourselves to it; it outrages our
consciences, our sense of human rights; it makes
us unhappy; so much so that we cannot live
under tin; Constitution which requires us to ob-
serve such a covenant, and which guatunties
property in slaves to their owners; therefoie we
propose to you in amity, in peace, as friends and
partneis who have had a common national origin,
common dangers, common oppressions, common
glory, common successes, a common language,
a common history, a common religion, and as we
had hoped were to havoacommondestmy through-
out the future, let us amicably and without the
desolation and horrors of civil war agree to a dis-
solution of the partnership and a final separation;
you of the South with your slaves, undisturbed
by us, work out your own destiny; and we of
the North with our interminable, inepressible
opposition to slavery will separately take charge
ot ours."
Mr. President, the history of this slavery strug-
gle on the part of* the free States is one of the
most dishonoring that was ever written or enacted.
When the nation was first cradled all the States
were slaveholdmg. The New England States, and
Massachusetts especially, had been the first to
introduce and to establish slavery. The firstfugi-
tive .slave law, as 1 have shown heretofore by un-
doubted historical evidence, was enacted by Mas-
sachusetts; and there never has been enacted a
pro-slavery law in any of the southern States that
1 luue had knowledge of, and in my own State
m particular, that did not. have its origin, its pro-
totype, its enactment, clause by clause, and word
for word almost, m the State of Massachusetts.
Sir, if that negro surgeon, the frund ot the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, who tried to
have himself martyrized in this capital of the na-
tion, had been in the good city of Boston some
one hundred years ago and. had played the same
insolent part there that he did in this city, under
the imperative mandate of a law of Massachu-
setts he would have been taken to the house of
correction, and would have been stripped and
scourged upon his baits back; and the Senator
from Massachusetts dare not deny it.
But the honorable Senator's sympathies and
sense of justice and abhorrence ot oppression are
greatly moved, because by the act ot 1793 and by
the act of 1850 the fugitive slave is not allowed
the ught of trial by jury and the wiit of habeas
corpus. 1 read to the Senate a few momentssmce
the provision m relation to the reclamation of
fugitives from justice, and also of fugitives from
labor; and the provisions in respect to both aie
parallel. A wlnttfrnan that commits a crime in
one State and flies to another, under this provis-
ion of the Constitution, and the law of 1793, if he
is puisued he is reclaimed, just as a fugitive slave
is reclaimed. lie is not aiiowed trial by jury in
the State to which he has fled. It is to get away
from that trial that he flees. These fugitives from
justice that fly to other States do not fly there for
justice,or for trial by jury,orto meet the respons-
ibilities which the law has denounced against
their crimes. It is to evade and escape from its
responsibilities that they become exiles and refu-
gees. But the fugitive is pursued, and by a
course of proceeding similar to that for the recla-
mation of fugitives from labor he is seized, under
the supervision, and with the consent of the Gov-
ernor of the State to which he has fled,and with-
out the benefit of trial by jury, or the writ of
habeas corpus, in the State to which he has fled, he
is seized, and carried back without any trial to
the State where he had committed his crime,and
there he is to be arraigned and tried by a jury,
according to the requisitions of the Constitution
and the forms prescribed by law. Any attempt
to intervene for his protection, for his immunity
from punishment by a writ of replevin, if that
could be resorted to, or by the writ of habeascor*
pas, the great writ of liberty, or by trial of jury,
m the State to which he had fled, would be re-
jected; it would be treated as an abstraction to
the execution of the law, and would be denied by
every court.
All these grievances have existed and exist now
without question in lelation to white criminals
from justice without ever having arrested the at-
tention much less to have moved the philanthropic
sympathies of the Senator from Massachusetts.
We never heard a word of complaint from him,
or any of his compeers in pseudo-negro philan-
thropy, in relation to such oppressions upon the
white race; but he comes up making the most
vociferous wailings and denunciations in favor,
as he says, of the downtrodden negro. The ne-
gro is deprived of no right by this proceeding.
When the negro fugitive from labor and the white
fugitive from justice escape into other States, they
are both pursued by summary process and brought
back to the locality from whence they fled, and
there detained in the one case and tried in the
other as though they had not fled. Both are there
entitled to and may have every right which the
lawsgive-them. The reclaimed fugitive slave may
sue for his freedom, have the benefit of the wntof
habeas corpus and trial by jury, and every other
light to secure him a fair trial.
Sir, 1 have seen a great many slaves parties to
suits; I have seen both slaves and freenegioes
indicted for many kinds of offense; that is, I
have seen them paities to suits for freedom, ac-
tionsof trespass,and for property, and m almost
all other forms in which I have seen white men
parties to suits. I have often defended the rights
and the causes of negroes, slaves and free, as
well as prosecuted against them. I suppose that
in the course of forty years' piactice m various
couits I have known of more than one hundred
cases in which negroes, slave and free, have been
parties, and 1 never knew of a case in which a
slave or a free negro was so humble, so poor,
that he could not have his own choice of his coun-
sel. He generally selected the best lawyer who
practiced at the bar, and he had the benefit of his
services given with all the zeal and energy and
interest which he would give them for the wealthi-
est man of the land able to remunerate him with
the largest fee. I never have seen a negro party
to any suit in court, who had a good, or a specious
cause even, that did not at once and piomptly
enlist the interests, the sympathies, the good
wishes of the entue court-house, judge, counsel,
jury, bystanders, and all, except his adversary
and his adversary's counsel. Sir, the idea of
kidnapping a free negro m a slave State, in my
State—1 speak from experience, from a proud
consciousness of the truth—the idea of kidnap-
ping a free negio and reducing him to slavery,
whether for the want of a fair trial, a just verdict,
or the due execution of the law, would be much
more difficult than it would be for a white man
m a controversy with a white man to obtain any
undue advantage in court. It never did occur,
it is an utter impossibility.
Sir, I have heretofore spoken very extensively
in lelation to the property that the owners have
in slaves. I am not now going into that subject
at all. But here I hold in my hand the evidence
of one of the long series of peculiar distinctive,
