1758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
appointing one for each town, or, where the town-
ships are small, one for two or more to wns  There
are large numbers of men in every town who will
accept the office at this rate of compensation, or
at even less compensation than is provided for
here. Gentlemen have frequently objected here
to the increase of any salaries whatever. This
is one of the most unnecessary cases of increase
that has been proposed in this House, and 1 hope
it will not be agreed to.
" The amendment was not agreed to.
-.Mr. COFFROTH. I move to amend the
twenty-second section by striking out in line
three the words "fifteen hundred" and inserting
**two thousand;" an^ by striking out all after
the words " payable quarterly;" so as to make
the compensation $2,000 without any additional
profit. I propose the amendment so as to make
the salary a fixed sum—$2,000. This will give
to the assessor of every district the receipts of
"which do not exceed §100,000 a salary of $1,500,
and to the assessor of every district where the
receipts exceed $100,000 an additional per cent, on
every $100,000 beyond the first. This is unjust
to the assessors of districts in which the receipts
do not exceed $100,000, because they receive only
$1,500, though they have more labor to perform,
undergo more fatigue, and have more trouble in
performing their duties than the assessors in the
heavy districts and citics.
Therefoie, in justice to all classes and to all
.districts, I think this salary should be fixed at
$2,000. It is nothing but justice to those men
who are actin? in the rural'distiicts.
Mr. MORRILL. I merely rise to oppose,
pro forma, the amendment, and to express the
hope that it will not be adopted. We have al-
ready spent more time upon this section than
upon all the sections we have passed.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend section twenty-
two by striking out " three," in lino thii ly, and
inserting " four," so as to make the clause read,
"and four dollars for every hundred taxable
persons contained in the tux list,"&e. 1 am satis-
fied that the: com pe-nsation of the assistant assessois
is entirely too small. In my judgment, where
the assistant assessors have to travel very much
from home, the eompc nsation allowed docs not
pay their expenses. I submit, thr refoiv, that it
is only just to allow them four dollars for each
hundred taxable inhabitants whose names an* con-
tained on his list. I hope the House will agree
to it.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to oppose, profoima,
the amendment, but I hope it will be agreed to.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STliVENS. I call for tellers upon the
amendment.
Tellers were oideied ; and Mr. Alley and Mr.
Hale were appointed.
The committer divided, and the tellers reported
—ayes 40, noes f>2.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend section
twenty-three by striking out of line seventeen
the words " willfully and coi ruptly "and inserting
" knowingly or negligently," so that the clause
will read, " that any assessor has knowingly or
negligently approved any account," &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move the same amendment
in line twenty-live uf the same section.
The amendment was agteed to.
^ Mr.liOUTWELL. I move to amend the sec-
tion by adding thereto the following proviso:
Provided, Thai in estimating the allowance to be made
to lor periods of scmce of lese limn a
day each, ten iiouia thai! bo deemed equivalent to a day.
It will be observed that this amendment does
not contemplate fixing ten hours as the rule for a
day. It merely provides that where services are
performed fur less than a day, for instance for
two or three horns a day on difTeient days, that
shall be the rule in making up the account.
Mr. GRIN'XKLL demanded tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were oidcred; and Messrs. II olman, and
Baldwin of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tolit'is reported
—ayes 47, noes 47. The Chan man voted in the
affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the twenty-
fourth section by adding, after the word ^col-
lector," the words "except in the cases men-
tioned in the proviso of section twenty-two 6f
this act."
Mr.. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Vermont that that is already covered by the
section. The Secretary of the Treasury is au-
thorized to make further allowances.
Mr. MORRILL. This may be construed as
a limii&ion. It will do no harm.
The question was taken on 'Mr. Morrill's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, it struck me
in the first place, on reading this section, that the
compensation of $1,000 as a fixed salary was un-
necessary, and that the percentage alone was
sufficient to secure the prompt and faithful per-
formance of his duties; but it may be desirable
in some localities that there should be a fixed
salary. It is, therefore, reasonable perhaps to
retain that. I move to amend the twenty-fourth
section by striking out $10,000 and inserting
$8,000, so as to limit the salary and commissions
of a collector to $8,000. I also propose to amend
by striking out $5,000 and inserting$l,000. The
proviso would then read:
Piowled further, That the salary and commissions of
no collector, exclusive of staiioneiy. blank-books, and
postage, shall exceed in the aggregate, nor moie
than $4,000 exclusive of the expenses tor deputies and
clerk* to which such collector is actually and necessarily
subjected in the admintetiation of his ofhee.
Every gentleman who has paid attention to the
subjectis aware of the fact that, as the law stands,
the collector actually icccives a sahuy of $5,000
a year for the mere responsibility of the office
witboutperformingany service whatever. There
are many districts where no service is rendered by
the collector, and where the collector receives
$5,000 for the responsibility of his office alone.
! have recently heard of an instance where a gen-
tleman who was holding the office of mayor of a
city, with a handsome salary attached, was also
drawing the salary of collector at the same tune,
without his devoting one hour m thw day to the
duties of the latter office. Five thousand dollars
will pay all the necessary deputies and clerks for
the business of a collector's office.
1 think that these salaries aie too high. That
is the general expression of opinion.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to reply to the gentle-
man from Indiana m one particular m relation
to the compensation of collectois. i do not know
that he himself is under any mistake of fact on
the subject—I think some other gentlemen are—
of the amount actually icccived by the collector.
It. must be borne in mind that the deputy collector
is paid out of the allowance made to the collector
m this bill. It is not as in the case of assistant
assessors, where special provision is made for
their payment by law; and just in proportion as
you swell the aggregate of the commissions com-
ing to the collector, in that same proportion it is
necessary that you increase the number of deputy
collectors, who must be paid out of these com-
missions.
As to collcctors being paid too much,allow me
to state a single case to the gentleman from Indi-
ana. in my own district, where the office isfilied
by an unusually accomplished and intelligent busi-
ness man, who has had great experience as an
accountant and some experience, as a banker, he
has spent over a year in collecting an amount of
less than fifty thousand dollars accruing from that
district to the Government. On his entire com-
missions on the amount collected, after paying his
deputies and the expenses of his office, he found
himself at the end of the year without a single
dollar of compensation for the .services rendered
by him.
Mr. HOLMAN". This section provides for
these extreme and exceptional eases in author-
izing the Secretaiy of the Treasury to pay an ad-
ditional compensation. An extieme case like that
should not be taken as a rule on which salaries
ou ht to be regulated.
Mr. KASSON. Theexceptionsarein the cases
of States and Territories, which are exceptions
to us. The general tule is as I say. I think the
gentleman is mistaken in the application of the
rule.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment? The language is:
Provided, That the Seeretaiyof theTrensmy be author-
ized to make such further allowances from time to time-as
may ?ip reasonable in cases-to which mjcIi tenirorial px-
tent of the distiict, or from the amount of internal duties
collected, or from other circumstances, it may seem just
to tnakesuch allowances.
That certainly covers the case referred to by
the gentleman.
Mr. KASSON. It does not reach the cases to
which I refer. In a district in one of the large cit-
ies, where $3,000,000 or $5,000,000 is collected in
a single year, the entire amount to be expended
in the collection of that sum is limited to $10,000.
Now, sir, every gentleman understands that the
number of deputies must be increased and that
the responsibility is increased as the amount to
be collected is increased,and it will be found that
the entire $10,000 will have been expended in the
costs of collection, leaving the collector no com-
pensation whatever.
It does not, as I said, affect at all the rural dis-
tricts, but applies to the cities in which a very
large amount of revenue is collected. 1 do not
advocate the amendment for the purpose of in-
creasing the compensation of any collector at all,
but meiuly to make it practicable in every instance
to collect all that is due the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word of the section.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the gentleman will
confine himself to his amendment if he proposes
to debate it.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to say that I have just
received this morning a communication from the
collector of the fourth district of Kentucky.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 rise to a question of order;
and 1 desire to call the attention of the Chairman
to the point of order, on which the gentleman from
Vermont proposed to insiston all occasions. The
gentleman from Kentucky moves to strike out
the last word of the section, which is the word
" office," leaving the clause to read, " nor more
than $5,000 exclusive of the expenses'for depu-
tic^and clerks to which"such collector is actu-
all^ffnd necessarily subjected in the administra-
tion of his." [Laughter.!
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment offered by the
gentleman from Kentucky is not pertinent to the
amendment pending.
Mr. WiNDOM. I propose to amend the
amendment, m line twenty-eight, by making the
amount $3,000 instead of $4,000.
Mr. SMITH. I have not yielded the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair mied out of
order the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Kentucky, and awarded-the floor to the gen-
tleman from Minnesota. The Chair, however,
decides that the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Minnesota is ndt- pertinent to the
amendment pending, and the Chair, therefore,
assigns the floor to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. SMITH. I move to amend by striking
out the word $k ten" and inserting in place of it
the word "fifteen." 1 received this morning a
communication fiom the collector of the fourth
district of Kentucky, which corroborates the
statements made by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Kassok.] In the fourth district of Ken-
tucky there are thirty-onecounties,two hundred
and seventy miles long and from one hundred and
thirty to one hundred and fifty miles in width.
That district has paid to the Government in the
last year a revenue of $1,500,000. And yet the
collector of this district says that he received his
appointment the 1st of September hist; that by the
1st of January he had collected a sufficient amount
of money to pay him his enure salary. Well,
Mr. Chairman, the law allows $10,000 with which
to pay the sub-collectois of these counties their
salanes and all the expenses attendant upon his
office in that district. Jf you undoi take to reduce
the salary of this man instead of affording him a
proper compensation, the necessary result will be
that you will reduce absolutely the amount which
would otherwise flow into the Treasury of the
country from an increase of the salary. It will be
recollected that out of this amount has to be paid
the salaries not only of the collector but also ot the
sub-collectors, as now stipulated bylaw. Every
gentleman cannot fail to see that there cannot be
that interest exhibited on the part of these men
who are intrusted with that duty, only a small
pittance being allowed them as salary, that there
would be had they a competentsnlary, or as would
