m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
Our police courts give painful evidence that the passion of
the colored race for the white is often bo uncontrollable as 1
to Avercome the tenor of the law. ftiias been so, too, upon |
thesoulhern plantations. The only lemedy for this is le- J
gltfinatc m'elaleuketic marriage." [Laughter.]
The revelations at Hilton Head and along the
Carolina coast might have been added to the illus-
trations above to show the irrepressible affection
between white women and black men and black
women and white men. Rut on that—I forbear!
Sir, I cannot pursue this style of remark fur-
ther. The contemplation of such disgusting the-
ories ia not pleasant. I have been challenged to
g.o into it by my friend from Massachusetts.
This is my apology. The gentlemen on the other
side may be unconscious of the path they are
U aveliug under the lead of these amalgamation is ts.
But they must follow. They may protest, but
,\ve know that they will yield, for they have ever
yielded to theirextreme men. As this very writer
himself truly says, (page 58:)
"As the war has pro rc^ed, men's minds have been
opened more and moic to the true c«ius.o of oui country's
difficulties. Unman natuieid imported; iteau oidnuuily
take In only barf or quarter tiuth*. it was unreal step in
the advance when the country willingly aceepicd thetiulh
that hli men should be fiee. lint it might not have been
seen by many that Anther along m the path of progress wo
should recognize the great docuine of human biotherhood,
and that human brotherhood comprehended not merely
the personal'fjccdom, but the acknowledgment of the po-
litical and social rights of the negro, am) the piovision for
Ins entrance into tho: e family iclations which form the
dearest and sttonge*t ties that bind humanity tog thet.
Once place theiacrc- upon a looting ol perfect equality, and
these results} will suiely lollow.
"Let it be understood, then, that equality bofotc the law,
for the negio, seeuics to him fieedom, pnvilege to seetue
properly and public position, and, above all, cairies with it
the ultimate fusion of the fiegro and irhUe ta^es. When this
shall lv aceompHbln-d by the inevitable influences ut tune,
all the troubled that loom up now m thelutun of oureoun
tiy will have pulsed away, it is the true solution of our
dilheultie«,anri ls blind who does not see it. The Pres-
ident o( the United Slates, fortunately for the eountiy, baa
made a great atlvance in the i ight direction. 11fit-1 thought
tn eonneeliou with the enfianelii'-eiueni ot liie slaves was
to m;ik! them from the country, lie dt.-coveicd, tir.st, that
tins was pb> jsiettlly iinpo--uf)!e, and, second, that the labor
alone whieh would he lost toAinenea and the wot Id would
amount in value to moie than the debts of all the nations oi
tin- eaith. The uegio looted on tins continent; we can-
not lemove him ; we uiu-t not hold bun in bondage. The
wNe^t couise is to give him his lights, and let him alone;
and by the certain influence ot our institutions he will be-
come a component element of the Aaioueiin man.5'
Gentlemen of the other side have horn laid
down for them the .shining pathway that will lead
them out of the tumbles with which theirill-judged
emancipation schemes have environed them.
Whether they will follow it, tune will show.
Events will show whether the American people
will not have a thorough and honest white man's
disgusl for nil these African policies,culminating
as they must, m amalgamation, so as it) time to
reverse the wheel of revolution, and thus save
both rneeH—the one from continued slaughter,and
the other from eventual and certain extei mi nation.
Mr. WA&HHU11NK, ot Illinois. Will my
ft ieuil bo £m>d enough to yield to me u moment >
Mr. C'OX.. The "ontiemrm will excuse me.
Mr. WASHl!URNE,of' Illinois. I only desire
to incorporate into the ^entlemnu 7 a speeeh an ex-
tract fioni iitsown book, i ask my iriend to tead
it. 1 know he will do it.
Mr. HARDING. I object.
Mr. WASH BURN E, of Illinois. I will endea-
vor, then, to get the floor when he gets through.
Mr. COX. The gentlunan has in his hand a
book which I published in 1851—The Ouekeye
Abroad—and desues to read horn it. I have had
the extracts he would have read published for
years in my district as political capital against"
me, but without muchefT"et. They did not influ-
ence even the ignoiant. I havuheard these same
extracts read here in this House by a former col-
league, and 1 answered them thoroughly, as the
gentleman knows. He will find my answer to it
m the Cotton ssional Globe of 18GxJ.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er 
Mr. COX. No, sir, 1 do not yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr, WASHIHTRNE, of Illinois. Idonotask
the gentleman to yield. I merely wish to say
that 1 recollect the gentleman's speeeh. [Cries of
" Oi det !" " Ord< r!"]
Tin1 SPEAKEIl pro icihporc. The gentleman
from Illinois will eone. to order.
Mr, COX. i have quoted these extracts to show
that there is a doctrine now being advertised and
urged by the lcadmglights of the Abolition party,
toward which the Republican party will and must
advance. See how they have advanced for the
lust two or three years ! They used to deny,
whenever it was charged, that they favored black
citizenship; yet now they are favoring free black
suffrage in the District of Columbia, and will
favor it wherever in the South they need it for
their purposes. -The -Attorney General of the
Unitea States has declared the African to be an
American citizen. The Secretary of State grants
him a passport as such. The President of the
United States calls him an American citizen of
African descent. The Senate of the United States
is discussing African equality in street cars. We
have the negro at every moment and in every bill
m Congress. All these things, in connection with
the African policies of confiscation and emanci-
pation in their various shapes for the past three
years, culminating in this grand plunder scheme
of a department for freedmen, ought to convince
us that that party is moving steadily forward to
perfect social equality of black and white, and
can only end in this detestable doctrine of—mis-
cegenation !
Gentlemen may deny that this is the tendency
of their party. They used to deny that they fa-
vored the doctrine of the political equality of
black and white, which was once charged upon
them, and winch they are now so boldly consum-
mating. The truth willappear. Aftcraycarortwo
some member from New England will come here
recognizing the great fact that four million blacks
are mixing more or less, and ought to mix more
with the whites of the country,and will advocate
a buieau of another kind—a department for the
hybrids who are cast upon the care of the Gov-
ernment by this system of miscegenation.
Mr. Speaker, since 1 have been upon the floor,
the gentleman fioni Massachusetts mote than
hinted that the Democracy might desire to com-
pete with Ins party in this new scheme of miscege-
nation. Not at all, sir. Our prejudtcesare strong,
but they are in favor of our own color. We hav&,
in times past, affiliated with the Democracy South,
but 1 do notundeistand that the Democratic party
Noith is responsible for what the Democratic
party South did since or when they separated from
us, or since and when they divided our party and
helped you to divide the Union. The Demouatic
party of the North nevei was a pio-slaveiy party,
as has been bbelously charged. [Laughter on the
Republican side.] Oh, I knowyou laugh,gentle-
men, at t hat; but yonr laugh is u like the crackling
of thorns under a pot."
The Sciipture tells you what kind of laughter
that is. It would be unparliamentary to char-
aeteiize it further. 1 repent it, the Ijetnoctjcy
Noith never was a pro-slavery party. I know
ilie contrary has been reiterated by the ciew who
have floated on the summer cuirent of north-
ern prejudice, until many good people believe it.
A grosser falsehood was never uttered. Even
UoraeoGreelcy is ashamed any more l^o repeat it.
He stated the other day our position correctly,
when he said that " northern Democracy is not
really pro-slavet y, but anti-mtei vention; main-
taining, not that slavery is right, but that we of
the free States should mind our own business and
let alone other people's." Our platforms are but
the ie petition of this idea of non-interi< re nee. lie-
ginning with 1810 and ending with i860, sve le-
!-"ol ved—
'•That l.'onftiiN- ti:i^ no powei, under the C'oii'-ututirm,
to intei lei e Willi oi contiol the dome-tie institutions oi tbe
seveial St.itor*; and tluu Mich States aie the sole and proper
jud^O'j ot c vol ythnit; j>ei taming to their own not pio-
! j bibited by the L'on^utution ; that iill cilorNby abolmoiiKts
'i oi othcmade to induce Con^te^ to mtcik-ie with ques-
j uoiimH M.rveiy, oi to t.ikr ineipieut - in n Wit am then, to,
' S :tre e:> tenlated to lead to the mo-vt :il?iPn'ii(f and d:i n< ei im.,
' < con-oquence-1, and that nil -uch elloiH have an inevitable
i! tendency to Unniimh tbe happiness ot tno puoplr, and en-
jj dans,"'i the ^labiluy and peimanenev ot the Union, and
,! ouirht not to t>c countenanced by an\ fiiend to oui political
■j institution-!.,J
;! The Democracy mr favored local sovereignty
! as to slavery and every other doimsttc matter.
!j They would have extended that sovereignty,and
<] not slavery, from the States to the Territories. On
i: that question of extension, of non-intervention,
, the Democracy North and South unhappily di-
li vided. The consequences are upon us.
SI I aeceptcvents as they transpire. Not respons-
ible for them, yet not unobservant of them, I call
the attention of the House to the bold strides which
have been made since we last met, by fraud and
force, to crush out the institution of slavery. I
need not point you to the black recruiting system
m Maryland and Missouri. I need not rehearse
the orders of generals and subordinates, all work-*
ing to this end, regardless of the lights of prop-
erty or local sovereignty. Slavery hangs pre-
cariously, by a hair, in Tennessee, Arkansas,
Louisiana, Maryland, Missouri, and Florida.
Even in old Kentucky, where her loyal people
cared less for it and morefortheirState rightovcr
it,anti-slavery is at work. Wherever in our lines
slavery yet exists, it is comparatively free and
altogether profitless. It works at its own will,
and not at the will of the master. Outside of oui
linos—within the Gulf States—slaves once worth
$2,000 are now only worth their $100 in gold;
and this depreciation will go on if our armies con-
tinue to penetrate the South. If it thus go on,
where will it end? In the grave of the slave!
Read the accounts of mortality among the blacks,
especially those in the military. Each camp is a
hospital. The deserted families perish by their
removal from theirhomes, by vice and starvation.
We of this side have no power to stop it. The
war keeps it going. For this condition of the
negro let the Abolition party and its savage coun-
terpart South answer to God and the country.
To the horrors and calamities of the whites grow-
ing out of this war is to be added the miseries and
destruction of the blacks; and this indictment of
high crime will not be found against the northern
Democracy, but against its revilers North, who
divided our Union, and its enemies South, who
divided our party.
In the forthcoming election for Chief Magis-
trate you will find the Democracy making no is-
sue about slavery. If it is dying oi dead, as you
allege, you will find them striving their utmost
to pieserve what they can of local and personal
liberty out of the chaos of thisconllict. "We have
been the champions of. local and State liberty, not
because slavery was guarantied by it. No, fir.
We have not championed slavery. We never
placed it in our northern constitutions. 1 wouid
fain have seen slavery die, if die it must, by the
unforced action of the States, as it has died in the
now free States, and not by the lough usages, of
war, which destroys the slave with slavery; not
by usurpations upon the rights of the States and
the people, which destroy both freedom and sla-
very and slave, but by the sovereign intelligence
of t he people of the States, who alone are i espons-
tble for the existence of their own domestic insti-
tutions.
I am not insensible to the signs of the tunes.
Judging by what wedaily see here in this [louse,
| the boidet States, thtou^h the blandishments of
| power, the fear ofi uin, the tyranny of the bnyom t,
i and the corruption of greenbacks, aie, I think,
j giadually being persuaded to yield before tHe
| genius of universal emancipation ! Tbe music oi
j the old Union is hushul in the bugles of war.
j The northern Democracy, in stiugghngto pre-
serve the institutions of those States, and in doing
which they have been and aie yet m sympathy
v. itii their only proper lepvosentaitves, have done
so fioni no low of slavery; but because, in the
language of the Chicago platform, they would by
pieserving State institutions, " pieservc the bal-
ance of power, on which the perfection and en-
durance of our political fabitc depended."
When the party in power, by edict and bayo-
net, by sham election and juggling proclamation,
drag down slavery, they drag down in the spntt
of ruthless iconoclasm tbe very genius of out-
cm! polity, local self-government. They strike
constitutional liberty in sstukmg at domestic sla-
\ i t y. Hence they must abolish habeas coipas
when they stab the hated institution. They must
invade bills of right when they invade State i ights.
When next you meet us at the polls yon shall
answer for the perfection of our political fabitc
which you have marred, and the enduianee of
which you have imperiled. No more wrangling
about pro-slavery or anti-slavery. The question
shall be, the old order with Democracy to ad-
miuistei it, ot continued revolution with desuue-
tives to guide it; the old Umon with as much of
loenl coveiJgnty as maybe saved fiom the abra-
sion of war, or a new abolition and military unity
