1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL< GLOBE.
<1759
follow from affording them a percentage on the
entire amount collected, if that percentage were
allowed upon the entire $I;500,000 collected in
the fourth district of Kentucky—and the same
may be said, I presume, of many other distiicts
in the loyal States—I have no doubt atall that it
would result in a large increase of revenue and a
corresponding benefit to the cause of the Govern-
ment. .
The collector gets one third of one percent.,
and one third of one per cent, must go for salary
of sub-collectors and to defray Expenses m his
district. If you gave a certain per cent, on the
amount collected by these collectors they would
collect vastly more than they now collect. They
•would go into every neighborhood and every
house and every place, and they would collect
every dollar from every man. They would see
to it that no man escaped from the payment of
these taxes. The same may be said about the
assessors. Therefore I cannot see, if it is true
that the natural instincts of a man are tocollectac-
cording to what he is paid, why it should be pro-
posed to reduce the salaries of these men who
collect one, two, and three millions of dollais
apiece. It is our duty to pay these men a reason-
able compensation.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. SiVIITH, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out "five,"
and jn lieu thereof to insei t " four." In addi-
tion to the amendment I have moved, the com-
mittee should make the .same provision here that
was moved by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Norton] to the section in leference to assessors.
This officer receives a salary without the rendi-
tion, I undertake to say, of any service in one
half of the congressional distiicts of the settlc-d
portion of the country.
Mr. WINDOM. i move to make it $3,000 in-
stead of $4,000. 1 think that $3,000 is sufficient
compensation. When I get the opportiyj^y 1
will make an i\r. Utional amendment to eqtWuize
the itmil with the other districts.
Mi. MORRILL. I rise pro forma to oppose
both amendments.
Mr. Wisdom's amendment to the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers on his amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman and
Grinn'ei.l were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 69, noes 39.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. WINDOM. I now move to strike out
ts four" and insert<{ three" in lieu thereof. I do
that for the purpose of lelieving those in the rural
distiicts. In the city they have not as much labor
as they have in the rural districts, and I think
that we should equalize the salaiies.
Mr. MORRi LL. The gentleman seems to burn
ot one end of the candle and to cut off at the other.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to stiike
out " two55 and insert" fifteen hundred." i have
offered this amendment for the purpose of stating
that the compensation of collectors in the large
distiicts is much too lutle. In my district we
have a very competent collector, but ht.s per-
centage under the present law last year was not
sufficient to pay Im expenses. The district em-
braces thnty-seven counties, with a revenue of
less than fifty thousand dollais, and under the
provisions of this bill the compensation of the
collector will not excced some seventeen hundred
dollars per year, alt or neatly all of which must
be expended in the employment of deputies.
These men >uc entitled to a lair and leasonable
compensation. I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from Minnesota will prevail, and will
therefoie withdraw my amendment. 1 think it is
due to our collectors in the large districts of the
western States.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and then the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read, art follows:
Snc. 24. .'hid he it fintho enacted, That there s-linli be
allowed to coin ct<n-, m mil cmipoib-inon !<-, • ibeu ser-
vices find that ot then lieputio-, a of 1,000 per an-
num, to be (nod qu.ti teiiy, and in addition tileieto a com-
mission of two and one h.ill'ofune per cent, upou tlie lirat
$100,000, and .i ronwi-sion ot one and one. half of one per
cent, upon all Minn above $100,OOt) and not exceeding
$400,000, and a commission of one half of one per cent, on
alt sums above $400,000, such commissions to, he commuted
upon the amounts by them k ppcctivcly collcctod and.paid
ovei and accounted lor under the instructions of the Treas-
ury Dep.utmeiH; &e. . • '
Mr. PIKE. I move to strike out " two and a
half" and in lieu thereof to insert "three,^ so
that it will read, " three per cent." &c. I pro-
pose afterwards to strike out " one and one half"
and insert " two." The effect will be to increase
the rate where small sums are collected, and to
decrease the rate on larger ones. As it is now,
the collector who collects $100,000 gets $4,000.
By this section he would get $3,500. .-fey my
amendment he would have the same pay he gets
now. Every one undeistands that it is nearly as
much trouble to collect small sums as to collect
large ones. It is as much trouble for a deputy
collector to collect ten dollars 1%-a country dis-
trict for a tavern license as it would be to collect
$1,000 from a manufacturer. And so of other
small sums in sparsely settled districts, and both
changes would have the effect not to increase the
pay of the colkctorsgenerally, but to tetain them
about as they are now under (he present system.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust that the amendment
of the gentleman from Maine will not be adopted.
It would have the effect of giving a man $4,000
for collecting nearly one hundred thousand dol-
lars. It should be lemembered that these collect-
ors who collect one, two, and three million dol-
lais, have to be very responsible men, and have
to give bonds correspond iugly. I trust the amend-
ment will not be adopied.
I Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend the amend-
| nient by insertms: "thiee and one half" in the
; place of " three," so as to make the rate three and
i one half of one per cent.
I I dr-sire to call the attention of the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to a statement I
hold in my hand of a collector of one of the dis-
tricts in Iowa, which shows that thewholeamount
he received in one year for his compensation was
only $287 IB. That i.s from a gentleman who
could command $1,000 salary anywhere for ser-
vice. He was about to resign, as I understood,
and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue asked
me whom f would recommend to take his place
in case of resignation. I answered him I did not
know a man ot responsibility whom I would rec-
ommend to take the office for such pay in the
district.
Now, by increasing the percentage you will
hold out some encouragement to those who are
deputy collectors, who are not hn+f paid In the
district of which this gentleman is collector, ten
deputy collectors ought to receive $500each. Tins
would not be an unreasonable sum; but under this
bill they would not get moie than two or three
hundred dolhup, and many of them have to ride
from thirty to fifty miles, and employ much of
their time. 1 say, as a mailer of economy, we
cannot afford to make this sum so small that we
cannot get men of honor, capacity, aud integrity
for the chief and his deputies.
I hope this amendment will prevail in justiceto
the newer portions of the country, where the col-
lector have received virtually nothing, as in the
case to which I have referred, notwithstanding the
laige responsibility incurred.
i hope the sum of three and a half per cent,
will he inserted, as a matter of economy as well
as justice, since it will stimulate the deputy col-
lectors to collect everything they can, and affoid
a faiier compensation to gentlemen who have
hitherto been faithful and shown competency in
the discharge of their delicate duties.
Mr. WINDOM. I merely wish to say that if
gentlemen do riot desire to collect the taxes in cer-
tain distiicts, they will do well to make no change
m this provjsion'of the bill. Representing as I
do a spaisely settled district, Ispeak what I know
to be the fact, when I say that you cannot retain
your collectors at the present compensation.
In several counties in my State they have been
retained solely upon the assurance that an addi-
tional allowance would be made to them.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out ((three'' and in-
serting "four." i offer the amendment because
1 am fully satisfied that in a large number of the
districts in the western States the compensation
of the collectors Under the- present'law is totally
inadequate. >1 know that such-is the case-in'-my
own district. I have already stated that* under
the provisions of this bill the collector in a-dis-
trict of thirty-seven counties in my State receives
a compensation w-hich will notexceed"$L700-,-and
every dollar of thiit #1,700 will be needed by-him
to pay his deputies, and he will be left at the;end
of the year without a dollar ofcotfopensattoft for
his services, and without a doliar'for paying his
personal expenses. I therefore offer this amend-
ment because lam satisfied we are failing'to fri&ke
a proper and suitable proyision for the collectors
in the large districts of the western States.
Mr. BOUTWELL. .Generally, I have no
doubt, the compensation proposed in this bill-is
sufficient for the collectors, and as much as they
ought to have, but after consultation with the gen-
tleman who has charge of this bill, 1 will move,
if that will satisfy gentlemen who are concerned
about these we'stern districts especially,an amend-
ment which I think will relieve the,difliculty—
that is, to put the matter in the hands of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
I will move that the two provisos in this bill
shall be transposed, adding the word " however "
after what is' now the first proviso, and striking
out the word " further 99 after what is now the sec-
ond proviso. That will limittlje salary to $5,000
in all cases as a general rule, giving to the Severe-
rctary of the Treasury power to make further al-
lowances. That will cover all these difficult cases'.
Mr. Hubbard's amendment to the amendment
was rejected. '
The question recurred on Mr. Pike's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now submit my amend-
ment to transpose the two provisos to this section.
Mr. MORRILL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eldiudge
and Ortii were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 50, noes 45.
So Mr. Boutwell's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH. X move to amend the twenty-
fourth section by inserting, after the word
" clerks," the words " and the necessary office
rent." It must be evident to every member that
a collector who is chargcd with the collection of
a very large amount of money cannot perform
his business without proper office accommoda-
tion. In some cities and towns the rents of such
offices will amount to considerable sums. I think
it unfair to require the collector to pay the rent
of his office, and 1 do not consider that the pro-
viso which authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to allow all the necessary expenses of collect-
ors will include, as a matter of course, the office
rent. There should be, therefore, some provis-
ion of law by which collectors will be allowed
their office rent. Jn the district where I live, al-
though some sixteen hundred thousand dollars
will be collected, the collector will not make
enough in salary and percentage,over and above
the necessary expenditures of the office, to mam-
tain his family. I suppose the,same is the case
in eveiy district in the country, not to the same
extent in some as in others. Wheie the Gov-
ernment needs the services of an officer of such
an important character, it should give him the
office accommodations necessary for carrying on
his business.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust we will have no such
uncertain provision inserted in this bill as that
reported by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WILSON. Wiil the gentleman from Yer-
Jftiont yield to me for a suggestion?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to interferc,but
I do hope that the gentleman from Vermont will
move that the committee do now rise, for the pur-
pose of closing debate on this section.
Mr. MORRILL. It is true that I was opposed
to reducing the aggregate amount of compensation
to collectors for the reason that these collectors
have to pay out in some districts very large sums
not only for one room but for several rooms for
offices. But I think it best to trust to the House
to restore the original provision of $5,000 rather
than to insert any such discretion as is proposed
by the gentleman from Kentucky. I move that
the committee do now rise for the purpose of clos-
ing debate on this section.
The motion was agreed to.
