1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ra
of territory, with debt, tyranny, and fanaticism
as its ti miry.*
Mr. COLE, of California, obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
goniioma.ii from California will yield to me a mo-
ment.
Mr. COLE, of California. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 wish to
make an excuse for the author of the pamphlet
from which the gentleman from Ohio has read
such copious extracts. I think that author has
been corrupted by my friend from Ohio. I think
he must have been reading a book which the gen-
tleman from Ohio has written, which I now hold
in my hand, and which I have read with great
pleasure. The gentleman from Ohio said that he
had heretofore answered this book m the House,
and that I had heard his speech. I always liked
to hear the spccch he made to-day. [Laughter.]
I have listened to it several times. [Laughter.]
We shall not probably have the pleasure at next
Congress of hearing my friend from Ohio rehearse
this speech Jiere, because I think, in the light of
the recent elections in Ohio, and particularly in
the district of the honorable gentleman, I can say
to him in the language of Watts, and in the spirit
of the utmost kindness,
" You living man, come view the ground
Whcie >ou must slioitly lie."
I desire to show the House what the gentleman
from Ohio has written in regard-to the " African,"
in a hook entitled A Buckeye Abroad; or Wan-
derings in Europe and m the Orient. By S. S.
Cox. Heis describing St. Peter's, and says: "In
the mean time seraphic music from the Pope's
select choir ravishes the ear, while the incense
titillates the nose. Soon there arises in the cham-
ber of theatrical glitter"—what?—"a plain un-
questioned Afucaii! [laughter;] and he utters the
seimon in facile Latinity, with graceful manner.
His dark hands gestured harmomously with the
rotund periods, and his swart visage beamed
with a high order of intelligence." [Laughter.]
What was he? Let the gentleman from Ohio un-
swei: "He was an Abyssinian. What a com-
mentary was here upon our American prejudices!
The head of the great Catholic church surround-
ed by the ripest scholars of the age, listening to
the eloquence"—of whom?—"of the despised
'negio; and theieby illustrating to the world"—
what?—"thereby illustrating to the world the
common bond of brothei hood which binds the
human race." [Roars of laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, I appeal to the House if it does
not appear that the author of that pamphlet must
have been corrupted by reading the woik of my
fjjend fu m Ohio.
But the gentleman goes on to say: " I confess
that, at first, it seemed to me a soi t of theatrical
nmtimieiy, not being familiar with such admix-
tures of society." That was the first impiession of
my you and festive friend from Ohio as he wan-
dered thiough the gilded corridors of St.Peter's.
[Laughter.] " But," he says, "on reflection, I dis-
cerned in-it the same influence which, during the
dark ages, conferred such inestimable blessings
on mankind. History records that from the time
of the revival of letters the influence of the church
of Rome had been generally favorable to science,
to civ lhzution, and to good government. Why?"
Why, asks my friend from Ohio, is the church
of Rome so favoiable to science, to civilization,
and to good government? Let the gentleman an-
b swer: " Because her system held then, us it holds
now, all distinctions of caste as odious." [Great
laughter.] "She regards no man, bond or free,
white or black, as disqualified for the priesthood.
This doctrine has, as Macaulay develops in his
introductory chapters to his English history, mit-
igated munyoftheworstevilsofsociety; foi where
lace tj unmixed over iace, or baron over villein,
Catholicism came between them and created an
anstociacy altogether independent of race or feu-
dalism, compelling even the hereditary master to
kneel befote the spiritual tribunal of the hered-
itary bondman. The childhood of Europe was
passed under the guardianship of priestly teach-
ers; who taught,as the scene m the Sistme chapel
of an Ethiop addressing the proud rulers of Cath-
olic Christendom teaches, that no distinction is
legarded at Rome save that which divides the
pnest fiom the people.
"The sermon of the Abyssinian"—that is, of
this colored person, this Roman citizen of" Afri-
can descent"—" in beautiful print was distributed
at the door. I bring one home as a trophy and
as a souvenir of a great tiuth which Americans
are prone to deny or contemn." [Laughter.]
Now, I ask my friend from Ohio if he has still
got that trophy and souvenir to bring into this
Hall?
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will allow me to
reply I will do so.
Mr. WASHBURNJE, of Illinois. I believe I
have never in my life refused to yield to my friend
from Ohio, but he refused to yield to me when he
had the floor just now, and as, of course, 1 always
like to be equal with him in politeness, I must de-
cline to yield now.
Mr. COX. I do not wish to treatthegentleman
with discourtesy by refusing to answer Jus ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Cole] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COX. Then 1 will say, with the permis-
sion of the gentleman from California 
[Shouts of "Order!" and " Object!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enforce the
rule. When a gentleman declines to yield he
shall be protected m his right to speak without
interruption.
Mr. COX. I have not heard the gentleman
from California decline to yield.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
California yield to the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. COLE, of California. No, sir; I cannot
yield any further, as it would be taken out of my
time.
Mr. STEVENS. Ha« the morning-hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STEVENS. I move, then, to proceed to
the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agteed to.
The House accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of the business upon the Speaker'stable.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The hill of the House to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending 30th June, 18G4, and for other purposes,
returned fiom the Senate with sundry amend-
ments, was taken up and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
AGRICULTURAL COLLECTS.
An act (S. No. 12) extending the time within
which the States and Territories may accept the
grants of lands made by the act entitled "An act
donating public lands to the several States and
Tei i itories which may piovide colleges foi the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts," ap-
proved July 2, 18G2, was next taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time by
its title, and leferred to the Committee on Agu-
culture.
CLAIMS OF PERUVIAN CITIZENS.
An act (S. No. 65) to provide for the payment
of the claims of Peruvian citizens undei the con-
vention between the United States and Peiuof
January 12, 18G3, was the next bill taken from
the Speaker's table, read n first and second lime,
and leferred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
THANKS TO MAJOR GENERAL THOMAS.
Joint resolution (S No. 11) of thanks to Major
General George H. Thomas, and the officers and
men who fought under his command at the battle
of Chickamauga, was the next business taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is it in order to move an
amendment to that lesolulion?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I move to amend by
inserting the name of MnjorGeneiai W.S.Rose-
crans before that of General Thomas, so that it
will read " to Major Gem-tal W. S. Rosccrans
and Major General Geoige H. Thomas, and to
the officers and men under them."
Mr. WILSON. I believe that this House has
already passed a joint resolution of thanks to
General Ro&ecrans.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. STEVENS. We had better wait and
have a separate resolution forGeneml Ilusecians.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Sol think. I believe
that these resolutions ought to stand eafih by it*
self. This is a special resolution of thanks to the
officers and men who fought the battle of Chick-
amauga, and 1 am not prepaied, with the informa-
tion 1 have in regard to that battle, to vote for or
against a resolution of thanks to Major General
Rosccrans. At all events it seems tome that each
resolution should be acted on separately*
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I regret that
this resolution has come before the House of Rep-
resentatives as it is now presented. I had hoped
I should not be compelled to refer publicly to the
matters involved in it, and before I speak to the
merits of the resolution itself I must be indulged
in the expression of my opinion in regard to the
custom which is growing up in this body in ref-
erence to this class of resolutions. The practice
of this House during the brief period in Which I
have been a member has led me to fear that the
thanks of the Congress of the United States are
becoming too cheap an article in the eulogistic
literature of the world. Time was when a man
must stand grandly preeminent in the "estimation
and affection of the American people to receive
through the solemn forms of law the thanks of
the nation through its Representatives in Con-
gress iissembled. To meiit that was worth a life-
time of sacrifice and heroism. We havechanged
this worthy custom. Since this session began
many resolutions of thanks have been passed
without being referred to the appropriate com-
mittees, without remarks, and almost without
notice. They have been passed tacitly by a kind
of common consent. We have not only thanked
officers who were chiefs of armies, but also those
who held subordinate positions m the vaiious
armies of the Republic. No question has been
asked whether the officer was entitled to this dis-
tinction, or whether by thanking one another was
not robbed of his merited honor. I repeat that I
have seen these things with a feeling that we are
clieapeningthethanksofCongress by distributing
them without disci imination and without ques-
tion. I have been so willing to thank any man
who has served the country in this war that I
have not felt disposed to interpose objection.
In many of the instances referred to I have had
no knowledge of the merits of the case. But when
it comes so close to my own experience and
knowledge of the history of the war, I cannot
permit a resolution of this kind to pass without
my protest against this hasty and fhoughtlegtf
style of legislation. I have been surprised that
the honorable members of this House should treat
so lightly the matters involved in thanking the
public servants of the nation. 1 now appeal to
youi sense of justice whether it be right to single
out a subordinate officer, give him the thanks of
Congress, and pass his chief in silence. On what
grounds arc you now ready to ignore the man
who has won so many of the proudest victones?
1 do not believe that such is the purpose or wish
of this blouse.
This resolution proposes to thank Major Gen-
eral Thomas and the officers and men under his
command for gallant services in the battle of
Chickamauga. It meets my hearty approval for
what it contains, but my piotest foi what it does
not contain. I should be recreant to my own
sense of justice did I allow this omission to pass
without notice. No man heie is leady to say—
and if there be such a man I am ready to meet
him—that the thanks of this Congress are not due
to Major Geneial W.S. Rosccrans, for the cam-
paign which culminated in the battle of Chicka-
mauga. It is not uncommon throughout the press
of the country, and among many people, to speak
of that battle as a disaster to the Army of the*
United States and to treat of it as a defeat. If
that battle was a defeat we may welcome a hun-
dred such defeats. I should be glad if each of our
armies would repeat Chickamauga. Twenty such
would destroy the rebel army and the confed-
eracy utterly and forever.
What was that battle, terminating as it did a
great campaign whose object was to drive the
rebel army beyond the Tennessee, and to obtain
a foothold" on the south bank of that liver which
should foim the ba&is of future operations in the
Gulf States? We had never yet crossed-that
river, except far below in ihe neighborhood of
Corinth. Chattanooga was the gateway of the
Cumbeiland mountains, and until we ciossod the
