1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rsi
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Repeal of Fugitive Slave Laws—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
humanitarian, benevolent measures of the State
of Massachusetts for the negro. Such a batch of
them never originated in any other country or
among any other people than the descendants
of the Puritans. I have already shown hereto-
fore that she was one of the first to establish the
institution of slavery. She adhered to it as long
as she could make property outof slavery in any
form. She continued to be engaged in the slave
trade not only until it was interdicted by act of
Congress but afterwards. Her own soil was
too sterile and her own climate too rigorous to
enable her to make slave labor profitable. After
she had reached the conclusion that she could
use white labor with more benefit to herindustry
and her wealth and growth than she could slave
labor, we all know that she continued actively
and industriously the slave trade, and that she
continued to smuggle slaves into the southern
States and into Louisiana and the lower Missis-
sippi after the year 1803, when the prohibition
forbidding the foreign slave trade had by its terms
fully gone into effect. If a condition of things
should ever come upon this country again when
the foreign slave trade shall be reopened to the
southern States, the very first and most diligent
and keenest of the traffickers in a trade which the
honorable Senator denounces as so very infa-
mous will be the people of Massachusetts. Ves,
sir, they will prosecute that or any other pursuit
for gain. TKey have done it in former years
without shame, without remorse, without any
sense of its injustice, of its abhorrent nature.
They did it until they were repressed, excluded
from its further execution, not by the Constitu-
tion alone, but by the laws, by the courts, and
by our cruisers against it; and it took the com-
bined power of all to arrest the traders of Mas-
sachusetts in this nefarious traffic.
Why, sir, what has been the recent course of
Massachusetts in lelation to slavery? The hon-
orable Senator has a series of measures m con-
nection with the slave and to regulate the slave.
The great object of their combined effect and of
the results that are to flow from all of them is
to give to his countrymen, the descendants of the
Pilgrim fathers, the benefit of slaves and of slave
labor in a different form only from that in the
southern States. They think that the southern
planters have monopolized profits of slavery about
long enough, although they have indirectly all the
time reaped the largest benefit from it. They
have not the face or the power, I suppose, to re-
introduce slavery into Massachusetts, mainly be-
cause it. would not be profitable there. They
have the perfect right under the Constitution as it
exists to do so whenever they please; but they
have made professions to the contrary so long
and so vociferously that they shrink abashed
from attempting it in that form; but they are
tryingto do it in another form upon the theater of
the rebel States and to bring lucre to the scwis of
the Pilgrim fathers. They are trying to get pos-
session of all the cotton, sugar, and rice lands
of the South. One of their principal objects in
waging this war against those people is to get pos-
session of those lands. They do not intend to go
themselves or to carry their sons to woik jn
those cotton and sugar and rice fields; but they
want to take the contrabands, to have them or-
ganized under the gutse of law passed by them-
selves, shaped and molded by their own inge-
nuity to give them a color of law for depiiving
those who they say are free of their tiue liberty,
forcing them to make contracts to work for them
and to intervene the military power instead of the
overseer and the driver to compel them to work
according to their will. All this is intended to
give a few of the elite of the abolitionists the
monopoly of this labor, to keep out a common
competition for the employment of such labor,
to give them the advantage of an iniquitous sys-
tem, a suit of close corporation of compulsory
labor under color of law by military foice, and
in that form to reduce the negro again to slavery
in another form and to a more oppressive slavery
than that from which they have professed to de-
liver lum.
Sir, as I said once before, I have the misfortune
to own some slaves. Two of them have joined
the Army. When they ceased to serve me and I ,
ceased to be their owner no other man shall be
their master if I can prevent it. No Massachu-
setts man, under the guise of jaw or an act of Con-
gress or military power, or provost marshals su-
pervising the judgment of courts and the admin-
istration ofthe law, shall ever,ifl can preventit,
by the perversion of any system, reduce slaves
who have been born and nurtured in my family
and who have been treated with kindnessand ten-
derness next to my own children, again to sla-
very in another form, that they may serve a more
cruel, selfish, and exacting taskmaster than they
have ever been accustomed to.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts has
read in the Senate a great many letters in connec-
tion with this and other subjects. Here is one
addressed to lum, published in a paper, which I
have never heard him read. It is short, and 1
will take the liberty to read it:
Cambridge, Dorchester County, Maryland,
May 7,18ti4.
£ir: My feelings prompt me to address you now us a
philanthropi.-t, and more paiticulaily as a friend to the
poor, down-tiodden>and oppressed negro raceof ourcoun-
try, «tnd 10 submit to you the accompanying candid state-
ment of a proceeding toward tins unfortunate race that
transpned yesterday under tiie eyes of all the inhabitants
of tins town, that cannot but excite your heartfelt sympa-
thy, and, I hope, lead to a prompt investigation into the
laets as submitted.
1 am, myself., a stianger on a visit here, hence I am bet-
tei adapted to submit unbiased impressions.
I have the honor to be, sii, your obedient servant,
SAMUEL C. BARNEY.
Hon. Charles Sumner, United States Senate.
Statement.
The stramboat Balloon, Captain Tilghiuan, arrived hero
on the full in-tant, beamig Lieutenant J. C. Poster with «\
squad of urgro soldiei^. The same officer, accompanied
b\ aguaui, has been in the halm of penodically vwtnig
tin-: locality and reciumng all slaves oi Iree negroes and
canyim* them of]; and, «o far as they were volunteers, far
was ittiom my di-po-iuon tocavil at the proceeding. But,
on tile present occasion, I presume, having exhausted the
volunteer system, he resetted to the expedient ofscorning
the county, accompanied by Thomas II. Coburn, deputy
provost iuat>hnl, stationed here, and a -.quad of negro &ol-
diei<5, and litciallv kidnapping about thirty negroe-, (of
whom a lanje poitiou were liee,) and wherever found, at
woi k in tlx; field or elsewhere. One slaw, while at woi k
in the field, iefu-ed to so, and threw hunr-elf on tliegioumi,
when hi> hands were hound and he toiced to join them.
Another free and hiyhly respectable negio, quite independ-
ent and working ins own farm, w.h taken in ins -hiH-
sleeves while at woik in ins own cornfield, and foiced to
join, leaving his hordes and cattle and work, and not even
permitted to go to his cottage lor a chango or addition of
clothing. This man's wile is in Ba!umotc,andi& expected
tins evening—to find her home desolate.
At about five o'clock p. m. ye&terday, the afoiesaid
pitzes of -ome thirty liee men and slaves were paraded'
through the town, (en route tbi the steamer Balloon. lying
at the wharf,) guaided by the squad of negro soldieis tunned
in a hollow squuie around theni, and it was a harrowing
sisht to Witney the afoie&aid jebelhous slave who had
thiown himself on the ground, still hound, among them,
und the mother of the aforesaid dee negio in much di -
ti^ssatthe wharf. Upon einbaikingthe uegiooR, the steam-
boat left. I wish this wa«5 an exaggerated statement ofthe
transaction, hut it is confined to a recital of buttwo ca-es
ofthe thirty earned off. It if reported that the steamboat
has gone to E i<ton, where there is a eirciH to periortn to-
day, by which attraction it I- supposed Li-utenant J. C.
Foster e.\ poets to largelj leci uit, nolens volcns. The same
circus to p"tf< ma t or on Monday, and it is also lepoi ted
that the steamboat is to return to t.rke advantage of it.
But even now there is cons-tei nation and a panic among
the negroes, and as they loorted to hiding yesterday it is
presumable they will be nun. est on the letuin of the
btearnei. There is no surmi-um: by what if any authority
on which Lieutenant J. C Fosrei is aeting. lie is sup-
posed to he under the jurisdiction of Colonel Bowman,
heodquartcis Baltimore.
Should any addition il encum-tances occur incidental
to the attraction of the omit at tin.-, place on the Hill in-
stant I will ad\ ist* 5 ou.
SAMUEL C. BARNEY.
Now, sir, I will read nn extiact from th« Free-
man's Advocate, a publication, I bclievo, in Bos-
ton, in the jmero&t of tho. free negroes, or the
<s freedmcn" as 1 behove thoy cull them.
Mr. SUMNER, it i.s a publication in New
York.
Mr. DAVIS. Weil, it is quoted by one pub-
lished in Boston, but it will speak for itself. I
read from the National J nttlh^enccr as it is there
republished:
" The Freedman's Advocate, a periodical published in
the intere-t of the emancipated slaves ot the South, com-
plains in its; la-t number that it is made most evident, by
it-5 correspondence with the various Departments 1 that in-
stances are feaifully multiplying where officer*, soldier-,
civilians, and speculators-, seem bent on this one purpose,
the detiaudmg of the poor Ireedmen, women, and chil-
dren out of then ju-d wages, and leaving them to the ten-
der mercies of the humane. * It freely admits that- there are
honorable exceptions to this abuse of authority, frut adds j
u 4 It will require the utmost vigilance on the partot this
[the * Freedinen's'] and all other associations for the* relief
of freedmen in the coming stioimer afi<i fall to save thaif?
from the certain destruction that -awaits them from the
heartless cupidity of money-gathering .adventurers and
traders. The Mississippi valley is swarming with these
unprincipled men.5 * K
" In commenting on this statement the Boston Recorder,
a religious journal, expresses its concurrence with the
views of the 'Advocate' in the following terms :
We have no doubt of this. Why should it not be so,
when the North itselfis swarming with men who are rack-
ing their brains almost to insanity to see how they cub coin
money out ofthe calamities and necessities of the times?
Men who are s,o utterly selfish that they can go into the
market or scour the country to get control of the most in-
dispensable articles of food, so as to run tip their prices one
or two hundred per cent, simply to emieh themselves, no
matter how it grinds their neighbors into the dust; men
who can do this and never feel that it is the very wicked-
ness of oppression again?-t which the Bible hurls many of
its severest threatening* ; what will hiridersnch men from
going South for the express purpose ot tubbing the free
blacks of their dublets of earnings i Of course thet,e men
will do it, and pojmbly some of them will call if a provi-
dential opening for them to pi ovule k for ihose of then own
house1 a fatter portion under the sun. We are indignant
at this fehamelesfo northern cupidity, which stands with its
Jons sharp shears always open, ready to clip the fleece of
black and white alike, so that it can fill its own sack with
file proceeds. It is bud enough here among ourselves; but
that those just emancipated .-laves should thus fall a prey
to these sharpers, exchanging one misery (in their own ex-
pressive language) for another, is outrageous.
"' Another view of the subject. The plan adopted in thc(
Southwest to work the plantations with the hired freed-
inen needs overhauling. It is not possible to devise any
!>ysten> which will be wholly free from haidships, espe-
cially at the beginning of this new policy. But the pres-
ent mode of eat lying on the plantation4* is open to mani-
fold abuses and oppressions. The blacks have no liberty
to select their own place of labor. They are compelled to
woik on the estate where they are at tho rale oi seven dol-
lar.- a month, and half of this in kind at the prices fixed by
their employers,'"
Eighty-four dollars a year, half in kind, and
the price of that in kind fixed by their employers !
"'This is only the semblance of freedom; and this re-
muneration is most meager. Less than a fourth of a dol-
lar a day, and only half of that in cash, is enriching the new
race of nouhern planters at an altogetner disproportionate
rate. We hear ot large fortunes accumulating in the hands
of many of'our people who aie overseeing these planta-
tions, and are expected to he back again in a ) ear oi two,
like nabobs returning from the Indie.-, lined inside and out
with gold, or, at. any late, greenback.-. Can we do nothing
bcttei than tins one-sided thing for these recent bondmen?
If not, we will not say mat we had better left thun alone,
forlibeny with nothing else is pnceless. Hut we will say
that no - uch skinmng-allve practice will take us out from
under the curse of Jehovah : " Behold, the hire of the la-
boiers who have reaped down your fields, which is of you
kept back by fraud, criethj and the cues of them which
have reaped aieenteied into the eai.-ofiheLordof Sabaoih."
<k' Unless the Clu i&uan sentiment of the Noi ih, and the
Government, acting with thu, prevents it, wo have the
most painful fear.- that we s-hall la-ten on the necks, of the
fieed black* another yoke of servitude by our nnplaeahlo
and mveteiate avauce, which will be wrll-ntgh as galling
to them a-> their old t-laveiy, and w lueb will involve us m
even greater guilt, if this be po-.-ible, than that which has
made the sin ofthe South likethatot Egypt and Bodom.'"
Sir, these abuses are shocking to human nature,
and 1 have never heard the loud and vehement
denunciations of the Senator fiom Massachusetts
against them, in whole or tn part. But sir, I
have something more winch I desire to read, and
then I shall come to a close.
Some time since 1 brought down the history
of Massachusetts and of her slavery to (he period
of the convention which framed her constitution in
1760. She claims, and I suppose her courts have de-
cided, that her constitution which she then framed,
conjointly with the Declaration of Independence
abolished slavery. Home years afterwards her
courts decided that slavery in Massachusetts was
abolished by her constitution, but they were not
tso stupid as to impute any effect tn producing that
ctfeet to the Declaration of Independence; that has
been a good while ago, some seventy or eighty
years. The Senator from Massachusetts and the
present generation of the old Bay State claim to he
the peculiar and most disinterested and exalted
friends of the negro race and of human freedom
generally, the greatest devotees to justice and phi-
lanthropy and mercy that are now to be found upon
the face of the globe. Not onlythat, but in the
phrase- so often quoted by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, " ail men are equal befoie
the law," the negro has the same rights, the same
political and social equality naturally and of right
that the white man has. This is their loud profes-
sion j this is their continuous declamation.
