132
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 23}
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Repeal of Fugitive Slave Laws—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
But, sir, how do thein4ives and conduct stand
in contrast with this high-sounding and noble
theoretic philanthropy ana benevolence ? Thoy are
opposed in fact and in practice to the whole of
their professions. Neither the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts nor any man within the
sound of my voice, nor any white man of Cau-
casian descent in the United States admits the
equality of the negro except in hollow and false
words. On the contrary he denies it. His whole
life and practice and conduct are against that pro-
fession and in direct antagonism with it.
Massachusetts now has about thirty thousand
more female than male population, I believe, ac-
cording to the census. I have been at her manu-
facturing to\vns;I have beenatLoweil,and 1 have
seen at noonday seven thousand well-dressed, in-
telligent young girls turn out from their employ-
ment for refreshment. I have looked with silent
but deep interest upon the spectacle. I examined
in vain for one of the negro race in the whole
throng. I have been into their other manufac-
turingestablishments in Lowell and Boston where
the white male population are employed. There
are very many working-men and manufacturers
in Massachusetts whose intelligence and virtues
and every manly characteristic prove them to be
of the noblest people. I have been into their
workshops. I have been on their Exchange, as
it was termed, in Boston, where they meet for the
purpose of comparing the prices or the demands
of the market, and to talk over all that concerns
their vocations and business, i hrffe looked with
interest and national pride on such a spectacle,
and conversed with many of these intelligent man-
ufacturers and workmen, receiving instruction
and profit. But, sir, I looked in vain for a soli-
tary negro among them. I found no negro part-
nership, no negro community and equality with
them. There is a considerable number of free
negroes, maleand female, in Massachusetts, and
has been since 17s0. If her present professed
interest and brotherhood and sisterhood for them,
her recognition of their intellectual, moral, polit-
ical, and social equality had been true arid real,
she has had ample time to put this theory into
practice and to exhibit to the world all the beau-
ties and ennobling results of the completes! com-
mingiementofthe races. Butweseenothmgofit.
It is but a false, delusive, and sinister theory. If
the Senator from Massachusetts and his pharisaic
Governor had made an irruption into the Lowell
manufactories with a thousand or two of youn 
negresses from South Carolina and Virginia, and
had placed them at looms side by side with the
fair daughters of New England, the latter would
have fled as from a pestilence. If such an experi-
ment had been made with the white male labonng
population the negroes would have been thrown
overboard as the tea was in Boston harbor.
Why has not the Senator from Massachusetts
been practically introducing his theories into his
own society? Why has he not encouraged mar-
riage between the races? Why has he not insti-
tuted the system of miscegenation? Why is it
that the colors are generally us distinct in Massa-
chusetts as they aie anywhere m the world? 1
believo there is a greater proportion of amalga-
mation in the northern States than there is in the
slave States, at least the census tables so report;
but that may be because they are fugitives fiom
the slave 8tutes. 1 do not pretend to account for
it, but the fact is the proportion of mulattoes is
greatest in the free States.
But one Senator after another gets up here and
miys, "You aie a victim ofa prejudice.', a prejudice
against color." Sir, 1 claim a proud supeuority
to the Afi ican race. 1 am a Caucasian by descent,
I am a Celt by extraction, and every conclusion
of royrmnd, and every emotion of my soul, every
pulsation of my heart admonish me that I am
ofa superior lace to them, and 1 intend to assert
and maintain that superiority as long as I have
the power. The gentleman professes the contrary,
but acts upon the same principle. He is a bache-
lor, and has long ago reached the years of puberty;
why then has he not sought one of Ainc's sable
daughters and led her to the altar?
When the&e gentlemen have a coterie of friends,
or muke a banquet and call their guests to it, are
they promiscuously the white and black races?
No, sir, they manifest their prejudice against
color, if a prejudice it be, by the inexorable and
total exclusion of the bk'ck. Who of them inter-
marry with the black race? Who seek or per-
mit sons-in-law or daughters from what they
palavermgly call colored people? Their acceptance
of equality with the negro is all a false pretpnse,
nothing but simulation for selfish and despicable
purpose-s. There is no principle, truth, or reality
in it.
But Senators rise here and persist in asserting,
" You give such a vote because of your prejudice
against color." Sir, I have no prejudice against
idiocy; who has notan aversion to it> Where is
the man of common sense who would be willing
to marry an idiot woman ? I have an aversion to
deformity, but no prejudice. It is an emotion, a
conclusion of soul and of reason that properly
exists with all persons. If there was a man de-
formed as Caliban, what woman of sense, of edu-
cation, of proper self-respect, possessing the noble
characteristics of true womanhood, would be
willing to marry such a piece of deformity ?
Sir, it is the same kind of feeling, of sentiment,
not prejudice, but of rational and proper aversion,
that impels the white lace to move in other cir-
cles aud establish other relations in life than with
the negro. The distinctive features of the negro
race are numerous. I will mention three or four
of the more palpable. There is the crisp or woolly
hair; the black skin, which is possessed by other
races beside the negro; a peculiar and offensive
effluvia emitted from their skins. Is it that that
is so attractive to the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts? If an anatomist or an ethnolo-
gist would go into an elaborate and scientific ex-
amination of the difference of the physical, men-
tal, and moral organizations of the races they
would find the line of separation to be broad and
distinct in them till.
1 have said here before that no negro people
ever invented an alphabet or an arithmetical, al-
gebraical, or any other mode of computation, or
ever rose into more than a low stage of civiliza-
tion; that no negro community, by its own un-
aided intellect and forces, ever ascended into the
high domain of elevated mathematics or of clas-
sic language or of general literature. Their in-
ventive capacity is small, and their arts have
always been rude and limited. They have ever
acted a subordinate part to the white race.
Whenever and wherever they have attained even
a moderate degree of civilization it has been un-
der the pupilage of the white man and by slow
processes. Throughout all the ages in recotded
history many negroes have had such intimate re-
lations with the most enlightened nations of the
superior races as to have imbibed their arts, lit-
erature, and civilization to an extent fur beyond
any possessed by the great bulk of their race in
their self-isolated position; hut they not only did
not augment this borrowed culture but in the tian-
sit ofagesinvariably lost it. When San Domingo,
under the patronage of the infidel philanthiopists
of France, asserted the freedom of ail her popu-
lation, one third of her population were mulattoes,
who, with many of her slaves, were considerably
civilized, and many of them hud respectable edu-
cation and attainments. That people had re-
ceived those advantages from the white lace, and,
possessed of them, commenced their career of
nationality and self-government. They soon
manifested their incompetence to the great duty,
and perpetually recurring wars among them-
selves, indisposition to labor, and decaying pros-
perity and civilization proved how much better
the condition of the island was when it was a
slave possession of France. The leturn march
of the negroes of Sun Domingo to the barbarism
of their progenitors 13 unmistakable, though its
consummation has been and will be further re-
tarded by the targe infusion of white population
: among them. But for their checking force the
| process of degeneration of the negroes of San Do-
! mingo would be vapid, but it will march on to its
•j consummation.
'i But, sir, 1 shall not continue this line of re-
!} mark. But just m proportion as you mingle the
j| wlute with the negio race you degrade the white
^ race; and that is one reason of the low state of
li national energy, intellect, and prosperity in the
countries south of us that were of Spanish origin.
It is because of the extensive amalgamation with
the infeiior races, negro and Indian. Itis an im-
mutable law of all inferior races, and of every
member of them, whether pure or mixed, to de-
sire to pull down the superior race to their own
inferiority; and the operation of this law in our
country is one cause of the irrational clamor for
negro equality. There is in his nature, in his
physical and moral and intellectual organization,
in the order and nature of his creation, an insu-
perable barrier to his reaching the high plane that
is now occupied by the civilized white man; he
craves equality, and equality on that high plane
being impossible to him, his constant effort is to
pull down the superior race to his own inferiority;
and that principle pervades and operates perpetu-
ally and actively more in the mixed inferior race
than the unmixed.
But, sir, I propose now to read a few passages
in relation to the more modern history of slavery
and the negro in Massachusetts, and then I shall
bring my remarks to a close:
" As early as 1783, her Legislature instituted an inquiry
as to the measmes proper to be adopted by them to dis-
countenance and prevent any inhabitant of the Common-
wealth being concerned in the slave trade.
That was the first movement that Massachu-
setts ever made to suppress the slave trade, so far
as I am informed.
" The inquiry was also extended to the condition of the
negroes then in the State, or who might thereatter come
or he brought into it. (Journals: volume 5, page 222.)
Bill* were prepared and referred to the committee flu re-
vision of the law*, with insti actions to revise all the laws
respecting negioes and mulattoes, and icportat a future
session. (Ibid. 342.)
kS in the loilowmg year, a joint oider was made for a
committee to report measures! lor preventing negioes com-
ing into the Commonwealth ftom otliei States. (Ibid, vol-
ume 6, page dt>3.) Another similar order was made by the
Hou-e of Representatives in 1787. {Ibid, volume 7, page
5-24.")
At that time those benevolent, philanthropic,
negro-loving people of Massachusetts instituted
measures by legislative enactment for the purpose
of preventing negroes from coming into that Com-
monwealth from other States. Let us see how it
progressed: •
" Eaiher in the same year a number of African blacks
petitioned the Legislature for aid to enable them to return
to then native country. (Ibid, volume 7, page 381.) A
(Quaker petition against the slave tiade was read m the
Senate June yo, 1767, and n«t accepted, but refeired to the
revving committee, who wie (hreeted to repoit a bill
upon ' t'ie subject-matter of negioe-> m tins Commonwealth
<it iaige.' (Senate, volume 8, page81; House ol Represent-
atives, volume 8, page 88.)
"The prohflmion of tiie slave trade by Massachusetts
was at last effected m 1788. A nio.-it flagrant and outiageous
ca.-e of kidnapping oceurted m Boston in (lie month of
Febiuaiv in that year. This infamous tiansaetum aroused
the public indignation, and all classes united in uiguig
upon the Legislature the passage ot effectual laws to pre-
vent the fuitlii-r ptosccutum ot the tiaffic, and protect the
inhabitants ot the State against the repetition of similar
out) ages.
"The movement was successful; and on the 20th of
M.ueh, 1?88, the Legislature ot Massachusetts passed 'An
aefto prevent the slave nade, and for granting relief to the
families of Mich unhappy porous as may be kidnapped or
decoyed away fiom thin Commonwealth.' "
But, sir, trmi k this provision so characteristic of
Massachusetts greed and love of gain and money :
a this law it was enacted 'th.it no citizen ot tlus 
Commonwealth, or other person residing within the same,'
shall import, transport, buy, or sell any of the inhabitant*
of Afnea a.* slaves or servants lor term of years, on pen-
alt} o( £50 for every peison so misused and £*200 for evciv
ves-ol fitted out and employed in thetrafiic. Ali uiMirance
madeon such vessels to be void and of no effect. And to
meet the ease of kidnapping, when inhabitants weio ear-
ned off, acuoo^ot damage might he hrougnt by theii friends
—tin* latter giving bonds to apply the moneys jecovered to
th-' u-e and maintenance ot the family of the mjuied paity."
I ask attention to this proviso to this law:
That this act do not extend to vessels winch have al-
ready s.uled, the.ii owiieis, factoid, oi commandetn, for and
duung then present voyage, or to any instance that shall
have been made ptevious to the passing of the same."
At that very time there were slave ships that
had left Massachusetts and had gone to Africa for
their cargo of living human beings. The State
was passing a law forbidding the slave trade and
making void all policies of insurance upon any
vessel employed in that traffic; but they expressly
provided that the ships that were then gone upon
that traffic should not be subject to the provisions
of the law prohibiting the trade and making void,
the policiesef insurance What sort of devotion
