714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
river and held the gateway we could not com-
mence operations in Georgia. The army was
ordered to cross the river, to grasp and hold the
key of the Cumberland mountains. It did cross,
in the face of superior numbers; and after two
days of fighting, more terrible, I believe, than any
since this war began, the army of the Cumber-
land hurled back, discomfited and repulsed, the
combined power of three rebel armies, gained the
key to the Cumberland mountains, gained Chat-
tanooga, and held it against every assault. If
there has been a more substantial success against
overwhelming odds since this war began, I have
not heard of it.
We have had victories—God be thanked—all
along the line, but in the history of this war I
know of no such battle against such numbers;
forty thousand against an army of not less by a
man than seventy-five thousand. After the dis-
aster to the right wing in the last bloody after-
noon of September 20, twenty-five thousand men
of the army of the Cumberland stood and mot
seventy-five thousand hurled against them. And
they stood in their bloody tracks immovable and
victorious when night threw its mantle around
them. They had repelled the last assault of (he
rebel army. Who commanded the army of the
Cumberland? Who organized, disciplined, and
led it? Who planned its campaigns? The gen-
eral whose name is omitted in this resolution,
Major General W. S. Rosecrans.
And who is this General Rosecrans? The his-
tory of the country tells you, and your children
know it by heart. It is he who fought battles
and won victories in Western Virginia under the
shadow of another's name. When the poetic
pretender claimed the honor and received the re-
ward as the author of Virgil's stanza in praise of
Caesar, the great Mantuan wrote on the walls of
the imperial palace—
"Hos ego vcrriiculos foci, tulit alter honores."
So might the hero of Rich Mountain say, " I won
this battle, but another has worn the laurels."
From Western Virginia he went to Mississippi,
and there won the battles of Iuka and Corinth,
which have aided materially to exalt the fame of
that general upon whom tins House has been in
such haste to confer the proud rank of Lieuten-
ant General of the Army of the United States,
but who was not upon either of these battle-fields.
Who took command of the army of the Cum-
berland, found that army at Bowling Green, in
November, 1863, as it lay disorganized, disheart-
ened, driven back from Alabama and Tennessee,
and led it across the Cumberland, planted it in
Nashville, and thence, on the first day of the new
year, planted his banners at Muifreesboro' in tor-
rents of blood, and in the moment of our ex-
tremes peril, throwing himself into the breach,
saved by his personal valor the army of the Cum-
berland and the hopes of the Rcpubhc? It was
General Rosecrans. From the day he assumed
the command at Howling Green the history of
that army may be written in one sentence—itad-
vanced and maintained its advanced position, and
its last campaign under the genetal it loved was
the bloodiest and most brilliant. The fruits of
Chickamouga were gathered in November, on the
heights of Mission Ridge and among the clouds of
Lookout Mountain. That battle at Chattanooga
was a glorious one, and every loyal hcartis proud
of it. But, sir, it was won when we had nearly
three times the numher of the enemy. It ought
to have been won. Thank God that it was won.
I would take no laurel from the brow of the man
who won it, but I would remind gentlemen here
that while the battle of Chattanooga was fought
with vastly superior numbers on our part, the
*battleof Chickamauga was fought with still vaster
superiority against us.
if there is any man upon earth whom I honor
it is the man who is named in this resolution,
General George H. Thomas. I had occasion in
my remarks on the conscription bill a few days
ago to refer to him in such terms as I delighted
to use; and I say to gentlemen here that if there
is any man whose heart would be hurt by the
passage of this resolution as it now stands, that
man is GeneralGeorge H.Thomas. I know,and
all know, that he deserves well of his country,
and his name ought to be recorded in letters of
gold; but I know equally well that General Rose-
crans deserves well of his country. I ask you,
then, not to pain the heart of a noble man who -will
be burdened with the weight of these thanks that
wrong his brother officer and his superior in
command. All I ask is that you will put both
names into the resolution, and let them stand side
by side.
Mr. FENTON. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be referred'to the Committee on Military
Affairs; and upon that motion I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was referred; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THANKS TO COMMODORE RINGGOLD.
Joint resolution of the Senate No. 19, tender-
ing the thanks of Congress to Commodore Cad-
walader Ringgold, the officers and crew of the
United States ship Sabine, was next taken from
the Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. PIKE. I move that the joint resolution
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw that motion, and that
we shall pass the resolution. In a matter of com-
pliment, if we do it quickly we do it twice.
Mr. PIKE. I have no objection to the resolu-
tion itself; but I think it is a very good rule to
send all such resolutions to committees.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We have
passed, without a single exception, every resolu-
tion of this kind that has come to us without any
reference. [Cries of " Oh ! no."] The resolution
which has just been before the House, and to
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
offered an amendment, was referred, and perhaps
very properly, to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs; but I hope that this resolution will be passed
by the House as other resolutions have been about
which there was no dispute.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I hope this resolution
will not be passed by the House now. Similar
resolutions have been heretofore referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. If this is all right
the presumption is that the committee will report
it back. If it is not right, the committee ought to
have an opportunity to investigate the facts.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The reso-
lution is merely one of thanks to a distinguished
naval officer for a deed which entitles him to the
thanks of every person in the country—the relief
of the etoreship Vermont.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. That is a question on
which the committee should be allowed to pass.
The House should not be asked to acton the state-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not on my
statement, buton the statement in the bill itself.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I wish the bill
to go to the committee. I am not sufficiently
posted in the history of this matter to act upon
it, and I wish the instruction of the committee so
as to know how to vote.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move the previous
question on the reference.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If this is a
matter on which gentlemen have any feeling i
will withdraw the motion.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Then I withdraw the
demand for the previous question. •
Mr. PIKE. It is not from any hostility to this
proposition that I wish it referred. The commit-
tee will undoubtedly sanction it, and its reference
will delay its passage for a very short time.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. *
ARMY AMBULANCES.
An act (S. No. 30) to establish a uniform sys-
tem of ambulances in the armies of the United
States was next taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
EXAMINATION OF OFFICERS.
An act (S.No. 85) to provide for the examina-
tion of certain officers of the Army was next taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second !
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
RESTRICTION OF GOVERNMENT OFFICERS.
An act (S. No. 28) relating to members of Con-
gress, heads of Departments, and other officers
of the Government, was next taken from the
Speaker's table,and read afirstand second time.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the bill be put upon
its passage now; and I move the previous ques-
tion on its third reading.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was on referring
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson and
Fernando Wood were appointed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As this is
a test vote on the bill 1 call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENS. It is no test vote at all.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes sixty-seven, noes not counted.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
JOHN L. BURNS.
An act (S. No. 1) granting a pension to John
L. Burns, of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, was next
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
sccond time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
L. F. CARTEE.
An net (S. No. 19) for the relief of L. F. Car-
tee was nexttaken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
PAYMASTER DORAN.
An act (S. No. 94) to authorize a settlement of
the accounts oj^Paymaster E. C. Doran wasnext
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
COMMANDER PREBLE.
An act (S. No. 95) for the relief of George Henry
P«eble,a commander in the Navy of the United
States, was next taken from the Speaker's table,
lead a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
MILITARY ROADS IN OREGON.
An act (S. No. 23) granting lands to the State of
Oregon to aid in the construction of a military road
from Eugene City to the eastern boundary of said
State was next taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
An act (S. No. 24) granting lands to the State of
Oregon to aid in the construction of a military
road fiom the Dalles of Columbia river to a point
at or near the mouth of the Owyhee river was
next taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
STEAM-TUGS DAVIDSON AND MUIR.
An act (S. No. 39) to authorize the enrollment
and license of steam-tugs B. F. Davidson and W.
K. Muir was nexttaken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
LIMITATION OF ACTIONS.
An act (S. No. 42) in relation to the limitation «
of actions in certain cases was next taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
HOMESTEAD LAW.
An act (S. No. 60) amendatory of the home-
stead law, and for other purposes, was the next
bill taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
JOIIN II. SHEPHERD, ETC.
An act (S. No. 110) for the relief of John H. Shep-
herd and Walter K. Caldwell, of Missouri, was
the next bill taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and, on motion of Mr.
Blair of Missouri, referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
UNITED STATES COURT IN WISCONSIN.
An act (S. No. 55) in relation to the circuit
court in and for the district of Wisconsin, and for
