2736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4.
who has any objection to that feature ofbis amend-
ment; at least 1 have not; but the other feature of
his amendment amounts to this, that while it
makes no change as to the payments of duty which
the national banks are to make, but leaves them
to the semi-annual periods, it discriminates in
favor of the national banks and against the State
banks by requiring the State banks to make
monthly payments of duty. I think that is wrong,
and lam opposed to it. In theaggregate of the pay-
ments of all these duties by all the State banks,
it is a very material and a very large amount.
As the Senator from Missouri says, 1 am op-
posed to the whole scheme of national banks. I
believe it is unconstitutional, impolitic, and in
many of its features a direct and flagitious infringe-
ment upon the rights of the State banks. Where
provisions have been agreed upon by the Senate,
as these provisions in relation to the returns and
condition of the State banks and the payment of
duties were, fixing a uniform rule in relation to
both clasSes of banks, I am against a discrimina-
tion now. I have been against making a change
of the principle, thus to discriminate in favor of
the national banks and against the State banks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendmentof the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot see why a division
may not be had upon the different propositions of
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, and why a
separate and distinct vote may not be taken upon
that portion of his proposition which requires
monthly payments from the State banks.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator desire a division of the question?
Mr. DAVIS. I do if I can have a division that
will produce a separate vote on that proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the opin-
ion of the Chair, the question is susceptible of
division.
Mr. DAVIS. I call for a division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
branch of the amendment then will be to make the
tax one twenty-fourth of one per cent, a month.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 want the Senator from
Kentucky to see the position in which he has
placed himself by calling for a division. I ask
the Secretary to read the first amendment.
The Secretary rend the first amendment, which
was in lino two of section one hundred and nine
tostrikeout" one fourth"and insert "one twenty-
fourth," and in line three to strike out "half
year" and insert " month;" so as to read:
That there shall he levied, collected, and paid a duty of
one twenty-fourth of one per ccnt. each month upon the
average amount of the deposits, &.c.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senate had bet-
ter take the vote on the whole. Thoy understand
the subject. I do not want to take time. Let us
take it on the whole together.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not object to that course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If it be the
pleasure of the Senate the question will be taken
on the whole amendment unless a division be de-
sired. The question will be taken on the whole
amendment. The yeas and nays have been or-
dered and the call will proceed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cormess, Grimes,
Hale, Harlan, Harris, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill,
Ramsey, Sherman, Sumner, Wilkinson, and Wilson—15.
NAYS —Messrs. Buclcalcw, (Jarlile, Clark, Collamer,
Davis, lioollttlc, Fessenden, Foster, Henderson, Hendricks,
ltieks, Johnson, l'owell, Ten Kyck, Van Winkle, and YVd-
)<!}■—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler,Cowan,Dixon,Foot,Har-
ding, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, McDougall, NeH-
mitli, Pomeroy, Kicliardson, Kiddle, Salisbury, Sprague,
Trunihnll, Wade, and Wright—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now desire separate votes
on t(je various amendments of the committee to
this section one hundred and nine, and especially
a separate vote on the last amendment of the com-
mittee to the section. I have endeavored to cor-
respond with the views of the Senate; but since
I cannot do it I desire to present my own, and I
ask specially for a separate vote on the amend-
ment to the eighty-fifth line of the section.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 §ome time since moved
an amendment to this same section relating to
savings banks, but it was passedover at the time,
and not finally acted upon. I wish now to pre-
sent it in a somewhat qualified form, make it per-
haps a little more explicit. I move, before the
word "and," in line eleven of section one hun-
dred and nine, to insert:
Except savings banks that have no fixed capital, and
whose business is confined to receiving deposits and loan-
ing the same for the depositors, exclusively fortiieir benefit,
loss, or gam, and who do no other banking business what-
ever.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am opposed to that amend-
ment, and I think for very good reasons. In the
New England States they have what they call
savings banks, in which the depositors are paid
the profits. A person with |luO,000 capital do-
ing a manufacturing business may use a savings
bank precisely as an ordinary bank. He may
deposit his money there. That money will be
loaned for his benefit, and under this narrow ex-
ception he will be exempted from taxation.
There is no reason in the world for these excep-
tions. Every exception made in a tax bill con-
tains an element of injustice. I am opposed to
them, I do not care under what color or pretense
they are offered. It is true that this may be in-
tended, and it is no doubt designed by the honor-
able Senator from Vermont, to cover the little
accumulations of interest on the deposits of the
poor; and'if we could make an exception con-
fined to cases of that kind I should be perfectly
willing to grant it; but, in my judgment, it may
also be made to cover an exception of the deposits
of the rich, which would be a groundless excep-
tion. There is no justification for it, in my opin-
ion. I might fill up this code of laws—because it
is nothing but a digest of the old revenue laws—I
might enlarge it to ten times its present volume
with exceptions. I might except the hearse which
carries the poor man to the grave; I might make
a thousand exceptions in this bill, just as justifi-
able as the exception in favor of savings banks.
If we make all the exceptions which appear to be
just, instead of a tax code we might have a digest
of all the laws and pandects; we might write Jus-
tinian over again. We cannot provide for all these
cases. All these exceptions of particular classes
or banks or individuals or sections are wrong,
and I for one am opposed to them. I call for the
yeas and nays on the adoption of this amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. The other day when this
proposition was up, I alluded to it, and since that
time I have looked into the question of savings
banks a little, and without consuming the time of
the Senate I desire simply to refer to some statistics
on the subject and to assure the Senator fiom Ver-
mont that in my opinion a good deal of difficulty
may arise under the provision that ho now pro-
poses to introduce as an amendment to the bill.
I find that in Rhode Island there are twenty-one
savings banks, and on the 1st day of January,
1863, they luid thirty-seven thousand seven hun-
dred and seventy-four depositors, with a deposit
account in the banks of $9,945,867, making for
each depositor $263. 1 find that Rhode Island at
the same time had eighty-eight banks of circula-
tion, and the whole deposit account in all those
banks was at that period $5,594,394, making the
deposit account ill the savings banks neat ly dou ble
what it was in the banks of issue. Massachusetts
had ninety-three savings banks in October, 1862.
1 have not the returns from Massachusetts later
than that time. In those banks there were then
two hundred and forty-eight thousand nine hun-
dred creditors as depositors, and their depos-
its amounted to §50,404,623, making for each de-
positor an average of $203. To show how this
savings bank business has increased in Massa-
chusetts for several years past, I may mention
that in 1834 there was an avei age deposit account
in the savings banks of $5 58 cents per head for
each inhabitant of Massachusetts; in 1840, $7 88;
in 1850, $13 73; in 1-855, $24 12; and in 1860 there
was an average credit for each individual in Mas-
sachusetts in the savings bunks of $36 59; and I
suppose it has largely increased since, because the
deposit account of all the banks has increased
since that time, there being more surplus currency.
In October, 1862, Massachusetts had one hun-
dred and eighty-three banks of issue, with a de-
posit account of only $37,471,133. She bad
$13,000,000 of deposits more in the savings banks
than in the banks of circulation.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will allow me
I desire to asjlc him whether he supposes that
what are called in the statement to which he re-
fers "deposits in savings banks" is money held
in the banks overand above their other funds,as
is the case with deposits in banks of discount and
deposit where they keep the account of deposits
separate from every other account ? Does the hon-
orable Senator understand that the savings banks
have this amount of deposits which they hold
in their vaults over and above their other funds?
Mr. HENDERSON. I cannot answer the Sen-
ator m one respect. I do not know the character
of the savings banks in Massachusetts; but I sup-
pose they are banks without any fixed capital
where moneys are received upon deposit and
loaned for the use and benefit of the depositors.
Mr. FOSTER. I will inform the Senator that
so far as that is concerned, what is there returned
as deposits is not money which the bank has in
its vaults.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not, but money
that has been received from the depositors and
loaned out.
Mr. FOSTER.. Certainly; and not a dollar of
it is in the bank. If the savings banks have any
money on hand they deposit it in a bank of dis-
count and deposit, and keep an account there.
They never have a dollar in their own bank on
deposit.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state to the Sena-
tor from Connecticut that upon an examination
of the returns of the savings banks in Massachu-
setts, I find a statement oflheir profits for a num-
ber of years past, the rate per cent, they have
made, and the character of their investments. A
largo portion of this money is invested in United
States stocks, and another portion upon notes,
and upon bonds and mortgages on real estate. 1
have a list here showing exactly how this money
has been invested, every dollar of it.
Mr. FOSTER. My purpose was to under-
stand whether the Senator understood that this
was money on deposit in bank.
Mr. HENDERSON. Idonot. I understand
it is money that has been placed there for the
purpose of being loaned for the use and benefit
of the depositors. It is used by the directors or
the managers of the institution. It is loaned out
upon mortgage security or otherwise, the interest
collected and paid over to the depositors. In Con-
necticut I have the report of April 1,1863. There
were forty-nine savings banks in that State then,
with one hundred and three thousand seven hun-
dred and twenty-seven depositofs, and a deposit
account to their credit of $23,446,936', making an
aveiage to the credit of each depositor of $227.
Connecticut at that time had seventy-five banks
of circulation, and those banks only had upon
deposit $8,890,237. There was nearly three times
as much money on deposit in the savings banks
of Connecticut at that time as there was in the
banks of issue.
Mr. FOSTER. Thegentleman isentirely mis-
taken, if he will permit me. My word for it, there
was not a dollar m one of these savings bunks at
that time when he says there were $23,000,000;
that is, not adollar of deposits in the way that the
gentleman would seem to understand.
Mr. HENDERSON. I mean to say there had
been that much money deposited in the banks and
loaned out. I do not say that the money was
there then subject to the draft of the depositors;
but I mean to say that the officers having this
matter in charge, who are compelled to make re-
ports on the subject, report as deposited in the
savings banks of Connecticut $23,500,000 on the
1st of April, 1863, and in the banks of issue only
$8,890,000.
Mr. FOSTER. There were $8,000,000 in the
banks of issue and not a dollar in the others.
Mr. HENDERSON. It had been deposited
with them and loaned out.
Mr. FOSTER. Then it was not there.
Mr. HENDERSON. The mortgages, bonds,
and other securities were there. They held the
bonds and securities. I think there is no differ-
ence between the Senator and myself. I mean
simply to say that that much money had been >,
deposited and loaned out.
Mr. FOSTER. It is just as if the banks of '
deposit and discount, which the Senator says held
$8,000,000, had had previously $20,000,000, and
it was all gone. That which was in the savings
bank was in the savings bank just as much as
that which had beei in the banlvB of discount and
issue and had been drawn out.
