2738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
iei'<!rtt feguJation,a>xt say that you shall give three
months' notice, and take it out at the end of three
months jfrom a certain day, because they cannot
he-attending to it atl the time. When the savings
banks shave any, money on hand more than they
%y,ejfrweste"d., they do not jgeep it in the savings
bank, but they put it into the bank of discount and
deposit in their neighborhood; and keep an ac-
count there.' If there is anything on hand not
invested it i3 deposited in that bank on which we
have a £aX. ''
But, Mr, President,^ suppose a wealthy man
should, put'his money into a savings bank, whpt
tit it'?* Does, a wealthy man who has money to
whether h6 deposits it'Of lends it himself,
PJ-'f'anything fo;the Government? NotataH.
He'may as welldeposit it in a'SaVings bank as
keep it. If he keeps it in,his bwn desk he pays
nothing on it; but if h;e puts it in a savings bank
the tax.on dividend^ to which that bank is sub-
ject will make, him pay something. There is an-
other p'ofnt; if this manof wealth has incomc he
pays upon his income. ' If he puts his money in
a savings bankand receives interest upon it, that
interest ls.part of his income, atHl youtaxit. But
you are,contriving here to t«y to get a tax from
those who have not $600, and some of whom have
not POO. You are trying to levy a tax on them
even to a larger amountthan you levy on income.
Suppose, I have an income large enough to be
fixed, ho^irtuch am I taxed? If I have $ 1,000
invested; I receive $60 interest, and you charge
me a tax of 5 per cent, on the $60, which is $3.
Here you are putting one half percent, on the ag-
gregate money on these people who have no $600,
or if they have it is part of th:e income, and can
be'reached in that way. There is a very broad
difference between deposits in banks of discount
and deposit and deposits in savings banks which
are loaned out for the benefit of the depositors. I
hope the Senate will see the propriety of the dis-
tinction.
, Air. HENDERSON. I suggest to the Senator
from Vermont, if he insists on the amendment,
that he limit the amount of deposits. If these
deposits are made by very poor persons would it
not be better to say:
And except savings banks which, having no fixed capital,
confine their business to receiving time deposits niul loan-
ing or inviting the same for the depositors, arid which le-
ceive no deposit from^ny p«rsoa at one time exeeedmgin
amount $20.
Mr. COLLAMER. A man wants to deposit
$100; he can deposit $20 this minute, $20 more
jn five minutes, and $20 more in ten minutes, and
in fifteen minutes $20 more. It is utterly impos-
sible to apply any such limitation. The truth is,
that whatever deposits there are, if the depositors
get from them more than $600 income, you tax
them.
•Mr. HENDERSON. My only fenr is that the
amendment may defeat the whole objoct of the
law, which, if 1 understand it properly, is to get
a tax on parties who have surplus funds that they
can afford to deposit in bank. The tax is levied
on the deposits in the bank only as a means of
getting it out of the individuals who have the sur-
plus funds to deposit, and the object of this bill
is to levy a tax on deposits, because the suppo-
sition is that parties who have the money to de-
posit can afford to pay. If this amendment be
adopted, untestrained as it is, unlimited in the
amount of deposit, will not savings banks or
something of that sort grow up in the country
everywhere, and all the surplus capital in the
country fall into them?
4 have shown that in seven States there are
§171,000,000 deposited in savings banks now;
and will not these institutions spring up in ail the
cities, and the deposits be made .in them? You
do not confine it to a time deposit in this amend-
ment. Why not any a %< time deposit*' in this
amendment? if, as the Senator fiom Vermont
says, it is time deposits only that he intends to
provide for, why not say " time deposits," so/
that no immediate deposit can be affected that is
a deposit subject to draft?
Mr. HALE. The Senator speaks of these de-
posits as being made from the surplus of the de-
posiiors. The fact is that it is exactly the other
way; it is of their very necessities. The deposits
are not made by those who have any surplus, but
by those who use these charitable,eleemosynary
institutions as a convenient way for keeping the
very little they have to live upon. The Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] proposed a
tax on incomes the other day. This is unfair.
While you do not tax people who really have
income, you tax these-people ;ten per cent, oh
what they receive, because they never get more
than five per cent. * Suppose, for instance, a per-
soh has in a savings bank $100, and receives $5
interest; of that $5 he has to pay 50 cents in this
tax. In other words, the very poorest people on
earth out of their poverty are taxed upon what
they get from savings banks ten per cent.
The question being taken on Mr. Collamer's
amendment by yeas and nays, resulted—-yeas 22,
nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Carlile, Clark,
Coliamer, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,Hale,
Harris, Howe, Johnson,X«ane of Kansas, Morgan, Powell,
Sumner, Ton Eyck, Van Winkle, Willey,and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Coaness, Davis, Hailan, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Ramsey, and Sherman—8,
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Cowan-, Dixon, Harding,
Hicks, Howard, Lane of Indiana, McDougall, Mornil,
Nesmith, Pomeroy, Richardson, itiddlo, ftaulsbury,
Sprague, Trumbull, Wade, WilkiiiM>n,aud Wright—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I rise to move a reconsid-
eration of the vote by which the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] in rela-
tion to monthly returns was lost. 1 do itto oblige
certain Senators who were not here to vote.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the adoption of the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to that amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, there is one part
of it that I like very much indeed, and that is that
these banks shall make return' of the amount of
their discounts,&c., every month, but I wish an
amendment could be framed so as to allow the
payment of the taxes to be semi-annually, as on
the national banks, and then they woukj, all stand
on an equality.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought it was a very
small matter, and I have really made a calcula-
tion to show the difference to a bank of #100,000
capital, between paying a tax of $83 and some
cents a month monthly, and payingsix .months'
tax semi-annually, and it amounts to the insig-
nificant sum of less than $20 a year, and that is
tin; point on which we have been higgling so long.
It seems to me it is scarcely worth while to draw
over this section, and I say again to Senators that
in order to carry out the idea of the Senator fiom
Wisconsin you will have to redraw the section.
The Senator from Maine stated correctly that the
bill was sent to us on a different basis; the Com-
mittee on Finance changed it so as to correspond
with their views; and now to change it buck again
and to draw a distinction between the time of
making the return and the time of paying the duty
will requite a revision of the whole subject, and
will open it to further debate and cause the loss
of time. As Senators concede that the principal
object I wish to accomplish, the making of the
monthly returns, is an object that is desirable or
at least important, certainly the difference between
the monthly payment of this tax and the semi-
annual payment is insignificant and scarcely worth
troubling ourselves about.
Mr. JOHNSON. That depends on the char-
acter of the banks and upon the business they do.
It would make a very material difference to the
larger banks who do a very heavy business. As
I have said to the Senator, rather than not have
the monthly returns I shall vote for the amend-
ment in the form in which he has presented it,
because I think it all-*important to the country
that monthly returns should be had. But I do
not see that he is right when he says that the
monthly returns may not be provided for with-
out providing also for the payment of the tax
monthly, without remodeling the whole section.
Why is it that at the end of this section which
provides now for a semi-annual return and a semi-
annual payment, We cannot add a clause saying
that each bank shall make monthly return of its
capital, its deposits, and its circulation ? I do not
see any difficulty-about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator does not
see any difficulty, I wish he would do it. The
thing cannot be accomplished in the way gentle-
men want it without redi<? wing the section.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator speaks of
course with more knowledge than I have of the
language of this section. What I understand the
section to have been originally is that it imposed
on the banks -the obligation to make semi-annual
returns and semi-annual payments; that is all.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will find on
reading the section that he is not correct. The
House framed the bill on the basis that a portion
of this tax, the tax on deposits and capital, should
be paid semi-annually and returns made semi-
annually, while the tax on circulation was to be
paid monthly and returned monthly. It was a
complex thing. I will state that if the'eommittee
of conference can sit down and take this section,
up in detail and examine it, and they think proper^
to make this variation, they can do it readily. It"
can be done there much more readily, in a com-
mittee of conference than in the Senate. If I had
brought in a.new section on banks and banking
redrawn to carry out the Senator's idea, it would
have to be printed, and would take a great deal
move trouble. The whole subject will be left'
open to a committee of conference, and they will
then be able to carry out the idea. The differ-
ence between the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives is radical. The House impose a tax
of three per cent, on all circulation. The con-
ferees will probably have to agree on some inter-
mediate plan. I do not know how.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have a small amendment
to propose. On page 144, line four hundred and
forty of section ninety-three, I move to strike out
" ten" and insert " five;" so as to read:
On all diamonds, emeralds, precious stones, and imita-
tions thereof, and all other jewelry, a duty of five per cent.
ad valorem.
I offer this amendment at the instance of a num-
ber of respectable firms engaged in the manufac-
ture of jewelry, who very succinctly state why
they think this alteration ought to be made. They
state that these firms in the fifth collection district
of New Jersey manufacture more than one third
of all the jewelry in the northern States, as ap-
pears by the returns to the office of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. They ask for this
amendment on the ground that they believe more
revenue will accrue to the Government by redu-
cing it to five per cent, than suffering it to stand at
ten per ccnt., as it now is in the bill. They think
it will be a resuiction upon the trade to impose a
duty of ten per cent., and there will be less made,
and less revenue accruing to the country. I un-
derstand that the bill, as it was originally intro-
duced in the House of Representatives, was in
that way. That is about the amount that is to be
levied on articles of marmfacturegenerally. Some
are less. It was altered, I believe, in the other
House, and comes here in that shape. My ob-
ject simply is to request the Senate to consider
this matter, and to lay before them the reasons
which have been assigned in the letter which has
been sent to me.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. On the 17sM page, I move to
strike out all after the word " annum" in line
thirteen of section one hundred and sixteen to the
word "dollars" in line twenty-six. The words
which I move to strike out aie:
And there ^h;UI aho be deducted the income derived from
dividends on shares m the capital stock of any corpora-
tion or jomt ^oek company, find the interest on an> bonds
or other evidences of indebtedness of any corporation or
joint stock company, winch shall have been assessed and
the lux pud by s aid eorpoiation,-. or jointstnek companies,
us hereinafter ptovtded ; also the amount paid by any per-
son tor the tent of the homestead used or occupied by linn-
self oi his family.
I have not offered the amendment because I
am opposed to a portion of the principle embod-
ied m this clause, or because I suppose it will re-
main stricken out as apart of the law whenever
the bill shall be passed into a law, but to give the
committee of conference an opportunity to per-
fect the clause which I think they will not other-
wise have an opportunity of doing with the
amendments wliich have already been made to it.
It will be observed that this section provides
that there shall be a deduction from every indi-
vidual's income of the amount that he has received
from corporation stocks of whatever "descrip-
tion he may own, whether bank, telegiaph, rail-
road, or anything else. The reason is because
the man who owns the stock pays this amount
not hv himself hut through another, through the
