1762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. There are
some speeches to be made on the Raritan and
Delaware Bay railroad bill. One gentleman, at
least, is here who expects to speak on it to-night.
There is no intention to press the bill to a vote.
t Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey. The under-
standing was that this bill should go over for two
weeks from yesterday. The arrangement was
made and acquiesced in by the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr Doming,] who has the bill in
charge. A number of those interested in the bill
are now absent; and I therefoie think it unjust to
press it on (he House at this time.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I do not understand
that special arrangements were made. It was
understood that action was postponed for two
weeks. The friends of that measure deem it de-
sirable that the House shall act upon it either
one way or the other. There is another very
important bill pending affecting New Jersey,
which seems to be in aflutter whenever anything
occurs to affect her railroad interests—I mean the
bill for an air-line load to New York. J am not
aware that the motion to reconsider the vote
postponing this bill is introduced for the pur-
pose of cutting nfT debate, although, in my judg-
ment, the question has been already fully de-
bated. Throe or four members opposed to the
bill have made long speeches, and but two or
three speeches have been made in its favor. There
is no unfairness in this proposition to reconsider,
and it is a very lame apology upon the part of
the opponents of the bill that certain of their
friends are not here to oppose the bill. I do not
propose that the bill shall be put upon its pas-
sage to-night, but I hope the motion to recon-
sider will not be laid on the table.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. I only wish
to say that 1 was not aware that this postpone-
ment had taken place until my return here, when
I understood that there was a distinct agreement
between the parties to the bill that it should be
postponed for two weeks. If that be the fact, I
would like to know whether this motion now is
in entire good futh ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T would like
to know who were the parties to that agreement?
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey. 1 will say that
the agreement was made by the gentleman having
charge of the bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. I cannotspeak
fiom any knowledge of the agreement, for I was
not here; but I will suy that if theie was an
agreement it does not seen) to me that this mo-
tion is exactly in £ood faith.
Mr. BROOM ALL. 1 understand that the gen-
tleman who had charge of this bill, and with
whom alone a bargain could be made by its op-
ponents, agreed last evening that the bill should
go over for two weeks. I learned that foi the
first time this evening, and in consequence of my
representations to that effect, several gentlemen
who are opposed to the bill arc absent from the
TI-«use to-night. I never dreamed for u moment
thatotheis of the committee would repudiate the
agreement made by their chairman, or by the
gentleman having charge of the bill; i do not
know whether he is the chairman of the commit-
tee or not. I think, therefore, that it is unfair to
the opponents of the bill to undertake to bring
back the bill now upon a motion to reconsider,
and undertake to pass it through in this way.
Mr. WASUBURNE, of Illinois. Then this
agreement seems to have simmeied down to an
anan^ement made by gentlemen on the other
side with the gentleman who had charge of the
bill.
Mr. BROOMALL. The only gentleman with
whom any agreement could be made, the gentle-
man in charge of the bill, consented that, tins bill
should go over for two weeks. I never supposed
for o. moment that that was not good authority
to deal with. Of course it does not bind the
House; of course it does not bind the committee,
nor does it bind any mernhei; but 1 will say that
it is a little unftip, and, m my judgment, if the
effort is persisted m, it will break'up this evening's
nesafon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then [ un-
derstand the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania to
say that he will filibuster this hill out of a vote
if he cannot have his own way.
Mr. BROOMALL. The gentleman may un-
derstand what he chooses, i mean that the gen-
tlemen with whom i have been in the habit of
acting on this side of the House shall not break
faith on this subject if I can prevent it.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to know, and my
constituents would like to know, what this busi-
ness of such overwhelming importance is that has
burst upon us at this period. Is it the understand-
ing; that everything else is to be put off, that all
the other business of the country is to wait until
this railroad business has been settled for New
Jeisey? If it is the understanding upon the part
of my friends on this side of the House that we
are to put off the ship canal bill, that we are to
put off the resolutions for the reconstruction of the
rebel States, whether we have any States to recon-
struct or not, that we are to put off the tax bill,
and put off everything until we can settle this
thing for New Jersey, I have nothing to say; but
I should like to know it. [Laughter.]
I know this New Jersey railroad business is
an important thing to settle. We have got two
or three railroad bills in Massachusetts which
we want to settle too, and I want to understand
the matter. I regret that U has not been possible
for me to be present to hear the debate that has
taken place upon this bill, for I might then have
arrived at a realizing sense of its paramount im-
portance, [laughter,] that would have demon-
strated tome the propriety of postponing all other
matters until it shall have been disposed of; be-
cause, if it is necessary, I will not only lend it
my quasi assent, but 1 will cooperate for that
purpose.
1 am going to save the country \n some way or
other, and if it shall be through Camden and Am-
boy, or through the Raritan, so be it'. [Laughter.]
But I want to undeistand it. 1 want to know
whether the understanding is thateverythingelse
shall wait on this railroad matter?
1 do not know how the stock is. I have not
heard from the New York market. I do not
know whether there is a necessity for passing
the bill at once, or whether it will do to allow it
to wait for two or three weeks. It seems to me
the country could stand it to go by the straight
line to New Yotk, and not go roundby what my
filend from Pennsylvania calls an elbow, for a
few weeks; though 1 shall, as at present advised,
go for the Raritan. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I thought
the gentleman was, by the remarks he was mak-
ing."
Mr, DAWES. 1 knew that I made my friend
understand the position 1 occupied. As at pres-
ent advised I am for Raritan.
Mr. HUBBARD,of Iowa. Woulditstopspcc-
ulation ?
Mr, DAWES. I think it would.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. Can we go on
with the tax bill n-ow ? Ithmknot. This meas-
ure has come upin us regular oider,and there is
nothing unjust about it.'
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey. It was regu-
larly agreed that it should be postponed for two
weeks.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What is the question be-
foi e the House >
The SPEAKER. Shall there be a call of the
House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I object to further
debate.
Mr. DAWES. Afrer'unanimous consent has
been given can the discussion be stopped?
The SPEAKER. When a member has unan-
imous consent given to make a speech or personal
explanation he cannot be stopped by a single ob-
jection. But when, in the absence of a quorum,
a desultory debate is progressing by geneial con-
sent, any member can arrest it by demanding the
enforcement of the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 ask unanimous consent
to make a suggestion.
Objection was made.
Mi. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman.
[Laughter.]
Mi. ELDRIDGE. I was only going to make
this suggestion. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts paid that he was going to save the country,
and I propose to give him this evening to do so.
Mr. DA WES. "You cannot do that if you bring
up the Raufan hill, [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw iffy objection
and give the floor to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. DAWES. I yield the floor to the gentleman
from Kentucky who made this motion. ^
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, something has
been said about an arrangement—a contiact—on
this subject. I know nothing about any such
thing. What 1 did in this matter I did at the re-
quest of the gentleman who ostensibly has the bill
under his charge in the House. 1 understood him
to say that he would be absent for a day or two,
and he wanted the motion made. I had no sooner
made it than I doubted its propriety, being a friend
of \he'measure. Other friends desired that this
matter should be reconsidered. I have no objec-
tion to its being reconsidered and acted on now.
But I do not want to take anybody by surprise
I do not want gentlemen to break their plighted
faith. I will make a proposition that I think will
meet with every man's concurrence. This is a
privileged question, and can be taken up at any
time. Let it be agreed, then, that the gentleman
shall call it up to-morrow evening; that the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] shall make
his speech, that the gentleman shall follow him,
that the gentleman who has charge of the bill shall
follow, and then that the vote shall be taken.
Mr. ARNOLD. I object, as another subject
has been postponed for to-morrow evening.
Mr. KELLOGG,of Michigan. Postpone that.
Mr. ARNOLD. No, sir; the subject is of much
more importance to the country.
The SPEAKER. That subject has been post-
poned until after the morning hour, and the re-
bellious States bill being the special order will
take precedence.
Mr. ARNOLD. It is in the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the gentleman is right.
Mr. HOLM AN. Imove to dispense with the
call of the House.
The SPEAKER. It has not been ordered.
Mr. I-IOLM AN. Then I demand the question.
The House lefused to order that there be a call
of the House.
The question recurring upon the motion to lay
upon the table the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the House postponed the Raritan and
Dekuvaic Bay railroad bill for two weeks from
to-moi row,
Mr. IIOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellei s were ordered ; and Mr. Steele, of New
Jersey,and Mr. Kellogg, ofMichigan,were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 51, noes 28; no quotum voting.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the gentleman
from Michigan that he withdraw his motion to
reconsider.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I withdrawit.
MESSAGE FKOM THE SENATE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the Senate, re-
questing the House to rctui n to the Senate a mes-
sage informing the House that the Senate had
agreed to its amendments to Senate bill No. 126,
to amend an act to incoi porate the inhabitants of
the city of Washington, pass! d May 1G, 1820.
No objection being made, it was ordered that
the message be returned to the Senate.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the next order
of business, to call the committees for reports.
(UJAKPIAN SOCIETY OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, fiom the Committee on
Public Buildings and Giounds, reported back a
bill (H. R. No. 255) granting certain privileges to
the Guaidian Society of the District or Columbia.
The bill was read through; and was then or-
dered to be engrossed and lead a thud time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
thud time.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. 1 hope this bill will
not be rushed through without some considera-
tion.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Is it too late to offer a
verbal amendment?
The SPEAKER. It can be done onlybyunan-
imous const nt.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
moved to amend by inserting the word "east"
after the wold " street," stating that it was im-
poitant as merely fixing the territory granted by
the act.
The amendment was agreed to.
