1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1768
Mi. RICE, of Maine. The last Congress in-
corporated some of the most highly respectable
gentlemen of this city, and some out of it but in
the District, as Guardian Society of this District.
They ask, m consequence of the great need of
some house of industry where juvenile offenders
and orphans may be placed, that certain unoccu-
pied lands about half a mile south of this Cap-
itol may be granted to them for the purpose of
the erection of certain buildings for that purpose.
This bill grants to them about three acres of land,
out of a reservation of some nine acres, which is
now lying idle and vacant.
The bill provides, also, that these buildings
shall be erected in accordance with specifications
and plans to be approved by the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, so that there shall no
buildings erected there which shall be a disgrace
to the city. Two of the justices of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia came before the
committee and strongly urged that this grant
should be made. Judges Cartter and Olin urged
upon us the propriety of allowing this society to
invest their money in the erection of a house of
industry to which the court could send juvenile
offenders.
And let me say here that by the laws of this
District the crime of larceny of over five dollars
subjects the offender to one year's imprisonment;
and the judges state to us that they have repeat-
edly, against their better judgment perhaps, been
obliged to discharge juvenile offenders for the
reason that there is ho place where they could be
put in proper confinement.
It is said by gentlemen who came before us
that there was a large amount of money ready to
be invested m this matter by these philanthropic
men if this bill could be passed. The bill pro-
vides that unless $20,000 is expended within three
years this grant shall cease.
I trust there will be no objection to the bill,
considering the great importance of the measuie,
in view of the fact that a bill which was before
the House a few days ago for building a house
of industry and a penitentiary failed to pass,
thereby leaving the District without any such
buildings. 1 do not see how there can be any
objection. The parties ask no money to be ap-
propriated from the Treasury, but simply a grant
of land upon which they may expend their money
for the purposes indicated.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I certainly have no
objection to the objectof this bill, but 1 have been
opposed and am yet opposed to placing any of
the land of the Government under the charge or
control of private companies or corporations, and
thus placing it beyond the control of the General
Government. We havealready before the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia a petition from
this Guardian Society asking an appropriation of
$20,000; and yet it is claimed that this bill should
pass because no appropriation is asked from the
Government. Is it right, is it proper to grant
these reservations to private corporations which
in a few years will be woiih millions? These
reservations were made for the purposes of the
General Government, for the necessary public
buildings, and m beautify and ornament this city.
Sir, 1 have felt the necessity and still feel the
necessity of establishing a house of correction for
juvenile offenders in this District. The Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia reported a bill
to provide for the erection of a penitentiary, jail,
and house of correction. That bill lias been re-
committed to the committee with instiuctions to
strike out that part of it which provides for the
erection of a penitentiary and jail, and to inquire
into the expediency of erecting a house of correc-
tion. That matter has not, however, been finally
determined on, or at least has not been reported
upon to the House by the committee.
The objection that I have to this bill is that it
takes out of the control of Congress and of the
General Government apartof these public reser-
vations, and gives it to the control of a private
corporation. Now, I do not see that there is
any provision in this bill by which the judges
of the courts of this District can legally sentence
any juvenile offender to this proposed house of
industry or house of correction.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. The gentleman will
find that that power is granted by the act of in-
corporation of the Guardian Society which passed
the last Congress.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Well, I am not my-
self satisfied upon that point. If the gentleman
has examined it, and is satisfied.it is so, as a
matter of course. But I am unable to see how
any court here or elsewhere can sentence a juve-
nile offender to imprisonment in a private corpo-
ration not under the control of the General Gov-
ernment. Mr. Speaker, I believe there is an
absolute necessity for the erection of a house of
correction in this city. Not a morning passes
but we see mention in the newspapers of this
city of boys who have been convicted of some
petty offense, and perhaps discharged, because
of the want of a place in which they can be con-
fined. It is proposed now to appropriate thou-
sands here to a private corporation in place of
erecting a house of correction, to be under the
control and charge of the Congress of the United
States. My principal objection, however, is to
giving these reservations to private corporations.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. The gentleman from
Oluo is slightly mistaken in the statement he has
made m regard to the condition of the other bill
to which he has referred, find which was pend-
ing before the House. That bill was not recom-
mitted to the Committee fur the District of Co-
lumbia with instructions to report a bill for the
erection of a house of industry, but it was left to
them to consider that question. The simple differ-
ence between that measure and this is that that
proposes to pay a large sum of money out of the
Treasury of the United States for the erection of
a house of industry, and this provides simply for
granting an unoccupied piece of ground for the
erection of a suitable building, and one that will
be an honor to the city and the Government, for
the letention and punishment of these juvenile
offenders, and the care and comfort of these or-
phan children.
Sir, if there arc any individuals in the city of
Washington who are willing to give of their means
for the erection of a building for this purpose, m
Heaven's name let them do it. They do not ask
any money from the Government. 1 am told by
gentlemen who represent the Guardian Society
that they are willing to erect the necessary build-
ing and provide for the support of the institution
as soon as they shall have this unoccupied piece
of ground on which to place it, and I cannot see
any valid objection that can lie against this prop-
osition.
Without detaining the House further, I de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
coinage qy cents.
Mr. KASSON, from the select committee on a
uniform system of coinage, weights, and meas-
ures, imported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass, bill of the; Senate No. 183, in amend-
ment of an actentitled "An act relating to foreign
coins and the coinage of cents at the Mint of the
United States," approved February 21, 1857.
Mr. KASSON. This bill, winch passed the
Senate some time since, has been before the se-
lect committee on a uniform system of coinage,
weights, and measures, and is by them unani-
mously reported to the House with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, it simply provides for the
coinage of two-cent pieces and of one-cent pieces
of a new material, by which I find that the Uni-
ted States will derive advantage to the extent of
about a quarter of a million dollars per year.
The Directorof the Mint urgesitupon theaction
of the House. The Secretary of the Treasury
approves if, and unless some gentleman desires to
ask any questions, I will call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. I will not occupy the atten-
tion of the House many minutes. 1 am opposed
to the passage of the bill. Some yeais ago Con-
gress provided that cents should be manufactured
out of nickel, an article much better calculated
for the purpose, as we all know, than either cop-
per or brass, as it does not become rusty. But
the Director of the Mint now says that while
the Government by making cents made some
$200,000 a year formerly, they barely save them-
selves by making them now of nickel. They do
not pretend that they lose anything in manufac-
turing them out of nickel.
Now, the consequence of our former legislation
was to induce several gentlemen to-embark in
working nickel mines, a very difficult thing, be-
cause it is an ore very hard to separate, If it
were not that one of these mines is in my dis-
trict, T might perhaps think it my duty to speak
more strenuously in opposition to this bilL I
know that one gentleman, a resident of Philadel-
phia, has expended some $200,000 in opening a
nickel mine and preparing the machinery, which
is now in full operation and is able to supply all
the nickel wanted in the country. Just at the
moment when this business has been stimulated
in the way I have mentioned by the Government,
we are asked to destroy all this property, for
nickel is not much used except for the purpose
of com and to mix with German silver. Shall
we destroy all this property because by coining
with another metal more money may be saved to
the Government? 1 believe it a bad policy, If
the present nickel cent costs too much, reduce its'
weight. It is evidently a better material than the
brass which is about to be used.
For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I cannot giv$
my vote for this change in the policy of the Gov-
ernment to the destruction of individual interests,
after they had been stimulated by Government
itself. I know that the gentleman from Iowa has
represented that this change is desired by the De-
partment and by the Director of the Mint. It
does not meet my approbation, and therefore it
is proper I should raise my voice against it.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, it is my duty
to correct m the first instance the statement that
the proposed new coin is to be of brass. Samples
of it are in the House, and, so far as 1 know,
there is no characteristic of it which justifies that
remark. The main ingredientof the new coin is
copper, as the bill shows Its alloy is composed
either of tin or zinc, or both—a very small per-
centage.
As to this proposition, I think it is hardly neces-
sary to say much to the House. 1 should be glad
certainly if the person to whom the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] re-
fers, shall not suffer any loss in consequence of
it; but I certainly cannot admit, for my part, any
such principle of legislation as this, that because
the Government lias been a customer for one
single article in its operations, the producer of that
article has a perpetual mortgage on the Govern-
ment against any change in the employment of
that article in the various operations required by
the Govern merit itself. It is carrying the doctrine
of protection to a degree that I have never yet
found a precedent for in this or in any other legis-
lative body.
This is simply a proposition within the power
of the Government to return, in part, to the old
material used for the coinage of cents; and the
only objection made to it against the argument
that it will yield some two hundred thousand dol-
lars to the Government,against a loss, or at least
no gain on the present cent coinage, is simply that
it takes one customer from the mai ket of the gen-
tleman in Pennsylvania to whom the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means alluded. I
do not think the Government ran afford to pay,
for the advantage of a single individual, a quarter
of a million a year. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Will the gentleman from
Iowa withdraw the pevious question to allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. KASSON. I do so.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Is it proposed by this
lull to return to the system of copper coinage ?
Mr. KASSON. No, sir; not to the coppei
coin, but to use that metal in composition for a
bronze com.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Will the bronze coin be
any larger than the nickel coin now in use?
Mr. KASSON. It will not be so large.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Then I will support the
bill.
Mr. KASSON renewed the call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
