1864.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL. GLO®B.
when it could be used to postpone the only just
and sure method of filling up the wasted rank's of
the Army—by draft—was readily sanctioned; but
when the bill for the perfection of the system for
calling the necessary forces into the field, de-
manded by every consideration of patriotism and
duty, was pending, it was delayed day after day
by tedious efforts at amendment, and at last
passed after hours of frivolous waste of time in
dilatory motions to impede its passage.
Sir, the same impatience of control and denial
of the right of the majority to rule, which this
southern rebellion has exemplified, finds its coun-
terpart upon this floor. Why wasit, sir,that we
wasted two days, in large part, upon this floorin
deciding dilatory motions by yeas and nays, a pro-
ceeding which the people everywhere view as not
only disgraceful, but which, if persisted in, would
lead to a suspension of the legislative branch of
the Government, and finally to anarchy and rev-
olution ? And where, sir, is the American citizen
who would not blush when told that the measure,
the passage of which was thus savagely resisted,
was simply a resolution affiiming the language of
the Constitution on the subject of the punishment
of treason! It is because, sir, they are a party
of revolution, allied in principle with the causes
which led to this rebellion; and, much as they
may seek to conceal it, the sympathy between
them will, despite all their efforts, color their line
of conduct. And, sir, if you want to know whether
those gallant men who tire bearing our flag through
the stot m of battle to u fin a! triumph have met with
a temporary check, look into the smiling coun-
tenance of some gentleman who anathematizes
this " abolition war." You can tell from his com-
placent brow that it is unnecessary to patronize the
newsboy to the extent of the price of an evening
paper to get the news. Your country's reverses
are written m the smile that plays sneeringly on
the features before you. And if you want to know
how Jeff. Davis's heartbeats, tnke your friend by
the wrist, and you will soon get the gauge of the
rebel pulse.
I do not mean that these remarks shall apply
to all who are associated with the minority in
this House, i am happy to know that there are
exceptions to this general tendency of the policy
of that party, and 1 logret to be compelled to say
they are but exceptions and nothing more.
While I am upon this subject peimit me to al-
lude for a moment to the extraordinary spectacle
presented on this floor on the day of the organi-
zation of this body. By the singular t ule adopted
by the Clerk of this body at its last session, a ;
number of gentlemen found themselves likely to j
be defrauded of their right to seats on this floor. !
And then and here we witnessed a development '
which startled men for the moment, of a delib-
erate conspiracy to disfranchise a number of the !
loyal States, and by a quibble, as narrow as it ;
was mean, give the minority the control of the or- .
ganization ofthis House. And, sir, the men who j
always and persistently claim that they aie lor ,
the rule of the people were here voting to sustain !
that infamous conspiracy. j
The State of Louisiana, steeped as she is in the J
crime of treason, without any organized govern- j
ment except what the General Government has ;
established over her by force, without State ofli- j
cers, and without even the semblance of a fair !
election or legally authenticated certificates, sent '
here two men to claim seats upon this floor, the ,
name of one of whom was written upon the se- j
cession ordinanc e of the State when she forgot, her
allegiance to the Union; and though all these facts
were known to the world, in defiance of all de- ,
eency they took their places on the floor ofthis
Hall. And not content, sir, with this outrage '
upon the privileges of this House, the Represent- 1
atives from loyal States that lind never been in
rebellion or in sympathy with rebellion were ex- .
eluded from tneir places, while these inteilopers,
who had no more nglu than a sntner has to a seat ;
in heaven,wetcquietly installed in ihesecusliiuned ,
chairs m the national Congress. And to prove
conclusively that all this had a partisan purpose, !
members elected by a majority counted by thou-
sands, QvS was the case with myself, were not only !
excluded by this arbitrary ruling of the late Clerk, :
but when the motion was made to insert their
names upon the roll of members of the House,
the whole vote on the other side of the House, in-
cluding the two who were swindled in from Lou- .
isiana, was cast solid against us. Talk about the
crime of secession! What term of reproach can
truthfully characterize this bald attempt to dis-
franchise whole States at a single blow? Gentle-
men have shown a greatde«l of indignation at the
alleged usurpations of the military in regard to elec-
tions. I do not apologize for these things if true; but
I do say thatsuch affected indignation comes with
an ill grace from those who deliberately cast their
votes on this floor to disfranchise whole States
by a legislative decree. Sir, legislative usurpa-
tion is no more tolerable with me than military
usurpation; and with this record behind them I
should think that our friends on the other side
would not have much taste fur discussing the ques-
tion of thp disfranchisement of the people. But
enough of this. I am merely stating the reasons
which have operated on my mind as aUnion man,
whose sole object and purpose here are to seive
the cause of our imperiled Union, and to give
every aid and assistance that I can to its authorities
in maintaining its integrity, for cooperating with
those on this side of the House. 1 have indicated
the objects and animus of the organization of
the peace party on this floor and in the country,
and shown that neither taking its professions or
practice is it to be trusted, and now, sir, I desire
to state affirmatively why I go heartily with the
gentlemen elected as Republicans and as Union
men, who occupy seats on this side of the Chamber.
We are in the midst of the grandest struggle of
either ancient or modern times. A war whose
gigantic proportions stretch along a navigable
line of coast and river some five thousand miles
in length, thatembiacesau areaof territory larger
than was ever befoie submitted to the arbitrament
of a single contest, involving an expenditure of
money and of life which has no parallel in mod-
ern history, has been for two years and a half
drawing upon the resources and exhausting the
energies of our people. A war begun strictlyon
our part in self-defense, and conducted with all
the mildness which a kind-hearted Chief Magis-
tiate could throw into the contest, it has at last
leached a point where one side or the other must
be conquered. Begun in order to perpetuate and
aggrandize an institution the very existence of
which in our free Government has ever been a
standing reproach m the eyes of the civilized world,
and has almost neutralized our example as a re-
publican nation, it has gone on increasing in in-
tensity and bitterness until no one pretends, with
any sort ot reason, that the cause of the war can
suivive the struggle. Slavery, in a moment of
folly, mad with us own power, precipitated acon-
flict that can now only end in its dustiuction.
Without cause, and, I may add, without ex-
cuse, the champions of slavery began the war,
made its existence an issue, nml now, sir, they
must take the consequences of their action. As
an institution which it was thought the national
Go\ernmeut dare not attack, it was made the
bulwark behind which rebellion was to intrench
uselt'm snfety; and standing as it did in front of
the enemyj asitsbicastwoi k and defense, we were
compelled to uthci demolish it or give up the
contest. It is the very life of military .success
that we stuke our enemy where lie will most
keenly suffer from the blow. If we mean to be
victorious we must do that which will inflict upon
him thegrcatest mjuryand harm as the least;and,
sir, by destroymgsiavery in the rebellious States
we depi ive our enemies ot every essential element !
ofsuceess. We notonly destroy the means of sue- I
cess but we destroy tlie motive to rebel. Take i
away slavery and they have nothing to fight with j
and nothing to fi^ht for. Hence, sir, I stand with i
the Union pa: ty of this House. The destruction j
of the institution in the rebel States is a necessity >
to the restoration of the Union, and I am for
standing by those who will cniorce that policy.
It is my misfortune to dilfer with many gentle-
men around me in icgard to the capacity and des-
tiny of the African race. While slavery was un-
deimining white society and threatening its luin j
it did little by way of enlightening the slave; and :
Z am glad to know that there are gentlemen on ,
this floor, who do not siinre these opinions with \
me, and who believe in the capacity of the freed- j
men to become prosperous residents and owners
of the soil, who nevertheless are looking to the I
means of freeing him from the contact with de- !
moralizing influences and the prejudices of a large j
portionof our people. I hail wnli pleasure, there- i
fore, sir, every suggestion which looks to their'
voluntary emigration from among us; and when
my friend from Pennsylvania [iVIr. Kelley] the
other day alluded to their natural tendency toward
the tropical latitude of this continent, he presented
a suggestion which, if properly improved, will
prove a wise and piactical solution of a problem
of our social existence which is liable to become '
a dangerous and disturbing question. Sympa-
thizing fully with the necessity for emancipation,
it will nevertheless bring evils upon portions of
the country which the highest wisdom can only
modify, not neutralize.
Sir, if I may be permitted to say so here, I will
say that I never was an abolitionist. Itis riot per-
haps to my ciedit that I am not. I never believed
in that wire-drawn theory of the transcendental
reformers who insist upon the propriety of con-
ferring equal political and social privileges uppn
all raccs. I do believe, and always have, that
every man had a natural right to his liberty, and
that could only be taken from him \$hen the good
and safety of the community were involved,. Sla-
very I always hated as an abomination in the
sight of God and all good men; but because I
deny the right for you to enslave Sally and Dinah
I do not admit that I am bound to marry one or
the other, and because i deny that you have the
right to sell and oppress the negro I must place
him in the same relative position with other white
citizens. Natural rights are God-given and in-
herent, and I concede them to all; political rights
are relative, conferred by the State, and may be
given or withheld as the body politic may deem
best.
Entertaining these opinions, I confess I have
always been too conservative to be able to adopt
the opinions of the party known in the history of
the country as the abolition party. But these
are, for the present of course, only abstract opin-
ions, and I do not choose to discuss them. I only
present them that I may not be understood to con-
cede doctrines which I deny, or thatsuch conces-
sion is involved by the grounds which i assume.
Auxiliary to this scheme of abolishing slavery
in the rebellious territory is that other plan for
arming the freed population. We all realize what
a change has been wrought in the public sentiment
of the country in relation to this question^ Jlnd,
sir, whether it is because the people in the pressure
for men to fill the *quotas of troops demanded
were willing to waive their prejudices in relation
to this class of persons, and accept aid wherever
it could be obtained, or have come to the conclu-
sion more complimentary to the prowess of the
colored volunteer, the fact is that public senti-
ment not only justifies but demands their employ-
ment wherever they can be used to crush this
rebellion. It not only aids in reci uiting the ranks
of our Army and destroying the basis of the rebel
power, but it makes the future existence of the
institution of bondage impossible.
It is singular that while the piejudicesof the
northern people long prevented the employment
of negroes to aid in overthrowing thepowerofthe
rebellion the rebels were too wise to be betrayed
into such folly. Within one month from the time
when the State of Tennessee was forced out of
the Union her Legislature passed and her Gov-
ernor signed the following enactment:
{:Sce. 1. fie enacted hy the Gcncml Atwmbly of the
State of Tennetscc, That tiorn and after the pa—age of tiiisi
act the Governed shall be, and he jh heu'by, authorized, at
hi-^ <U-eteli<m, to iceeivo into the military service of the
$U?e ail male t'tee prisons of color between the a gtw of fif-
teen and nlty, oi Midi nuinbeis a-= may be necessary, who
may !>e sound in nmul and body, and capable of actual
t-emce.
" '2. Be it fwither enacted, That such free persons of color
receive e.ieit eight dolhus per month  •> pay, and such
pen-on*: s.h.ili be entitled to thaw each one luuon per
day, and s-hall be entitled to a yearly allowance each for
clothing.
"3. Bo it furthcy cnactcJ, That in oider to carry out the
provision-- of tin- act it s-hall be the duty of Hie sheriff; of
the several couutuv m this State to collect accurate m-
ioiinaiion as to the number .aid condition.with ihe names
of 1'iee persons of color subject to the provisions of thU act,
and shall, a.s it is practicable, repoit the same m writing to
the Governoi.
"4. Be it further enacted, That a failure oi refusal of the
sheriff, or any one oi more of them, to perform the duties
required i-hall be deemed an offense, and on conviction
theifofsh.il! be punished a-> a misdemeanor.
u 5. Be it fmthrr cnartcd, That in Ule event of a sufficient
number of free pet-ons of color to meet the wants of the
.Stare shall not rendet their services, that the Governor is
emp'Aveted, (hiough the f.hrrifis* o/ the diffoient counties,
to pie.^a such pei&oris until the requisite number is obtained.
u6. lie it jurtker enacted, That when any mess of vol-
