1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Occupancy of Confiscated Estates—Mr. Cowan.
Senate.
they wore struggling to bring about such differ-
ent results.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania, I suppose, does not mean to misrepre-
sent me. I never attempted on this floor to main-
tain a proposition to change the laws of nations.
By the laws of nations from the beginning of time
the persons and property of the enemy were at
the control ofUje conqueror.
Mr. HOj5ra?RD. By the lav/s of war.
Mr. TRUMBULL. By the laws of nations in
reference to war, of course.
Mr. HOWARD. The laws of war as recog-
nized by nations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That isinternational law.
Mr. COWAN. I do not know whether the
honorable Senator is aware of it or not, but i as-
sert here that he is trying to make a law to seize
the real estate of belligerents as such, to condemn
and confiscate it as prize of war, and to do all that
I call adding a new provision to the laws of na-
tions and of war. If you take an enemy's private
ship at sea it may be condemned as prize by the
laws of nations, but if you take an enemy's pri-
vate plantation, it cannot be forfeited as prize
under those laws. They are defective in that
respect; indeed they say expressly it cannot be
done, and that the title is the same after the con-
quest as before. This is the difficulty the honor-
able Senator is trying to remove, and in doing so
if he succeeds he must repeal (or violate) the laws
of nations and enact a new and different rule here.
He says himself that he claims the right to do
this on the same grounds precisely that he has a
right to shoot a rebel on the field of battle; that
is, that it is a war right. Now war rights are reg-
ulated by the laws of war, which, as he has well
said, are the "laws of nations in reference to
war." The truth is he is trying to do that which
is forbidden by the laws of war and by the Con-
stitution also if it were attempted as municipal
law. Nothing can be clearer than this, and he
may just as well submit to these limitations first
as last. Let him read the latter if he wants to
know what he may rightly inflict upon rebels as
citizens for violating their allegiance, and let him
read the laws of war for what he may do to them
as public enemies. At present 1 am for confining
myself to these latter strictly. I think we are
bound to make war according to the rules they
furnish us, and I would as soon think of tran-
scending them or violating them as I would think
of trampling a statute under foot. The crime is
the same in both cases, for both are laws of the
land.
The true question is, can we make prize ofwar
of the real and personal estates of those who have
been engaged in this rebellion, and can we forfeit
their real estates absolutely? We have seen that
we cannot do this by due process of municipal
law; can we do it by virtue of the laws of war as
settled by civilized and Christian nations? I an-
swer that we cannot; that there is to-day no con-
flict of authority whatever on the question; there
is not a book that treats of it or a chapter de-
voted to it which does not lay down the rule that
we cannot—all for the best reason in the world,
namely, that we can make war far more success-
fully by not being able to exercise any such
power.
Now, as the authorities for this position have
been so often quoted in extenso to the Senate I
shall content myself with referring to Wheaton's
International Law, 596,597; Vattel, book 3, chap-
ters, section 13;Kldber, part 2, title 2, section 2,
chapter 1, sections 250-253; Halleck, 789.
The Normans violated this law when they made
the conquest of England, and by confiscating the
lands of the Saxons kept the realm in a state of
chronic rebellion forgenerations; and Saxon out-
laws in revenge for this spoliation infested the for-
ests and highways, setting the laws at defiance.
England herself violated it again when she made
the conquest of Ireland, arid that country contin-
ues in a condition little better than revolt even at
this day, almost every estate being surrounded
even yet by the descendants of its former owners,
and only awaiting a successful rebellion to assert
their claims. Other countries have furnished simi-
lar examples for thousands of years; showing how
dangerous and impolitic it is to confiscate the titles
of the nobility only, without going the length of
this bill, which would strike at the homesteads of
great masses of people. In the first case, a single
great landed proprietor in each county might be
driven from his estates; while in the last, thousands
would be rendered outlaws and desperate by de-
priving them of their homes. Surely at this day
no one can expect anything but endless feud as
the result of such a measure.
The honorable Senator from Illinois has said,
and the honorable Senator from Michigan has
backed him, that in all time, from the beginning,
the persons and property of the conquered have
been at the control of the conqueror. 1 beg leave,
Mr. President, to dissent. To assert such a prop-
osition is to deny the existence of international
law, because if the will of the conqueror is the
law, then that is equivalent to saying there is no
law at all; it is going back to barbaric times when
there was no public law, when the cry was vce
victis, and the victor did what he chose.
1 assert, however, the victor cannot lawfully
now do what he pleases with either the persons
or propei ty of his victims. Can he kill his pris-
oners? Can he sell them into slavery? Surely
not. And no more can he lawfully take from
them the title to their lands or touch in any way
their private property except as matter of neces-
sity; and all this for the benefit of the conqueror
even more than for the conquered, because every
one conversant'with war and the history ofwar
knows that the more strictly it can beconfined to
a struggle between State and State and between
the armed combatants of such States, the more
easily will the object of it be attained—that object
in all wars being "peace." While,on the other
hand, if it be carried on so as to involve the popu-
lation of the State invaded, to exasperate and im-
bitter them by outrages either upon their persons
or property, then peace is impossible. Here, too,
we may learn why private personal property at
sea still continues liable to seizure in war, be-
cause to take it does not exasperate and imbitter
the contest as plunder on land always does. Be-
sides, the former is found in ships which may be
taken by the captor and carried into port and
committed to the care of an officer till the proper
court determines the lawfulness of the prize, all
of which is impossible or nearly so in case of
goods and chattels on land. These latter indeed
have never been called prize of war, but " booty"
or plunder," names which of themselves indi-
cate tiiat they were spoils which could not very
well find their way into the public treasury, and
were, besides, not of much avail in enriching the
soldiers, who were always more debauched and
injured than benefited by them.
But what, Mr. President, has been the conse-
quence of this theory of confiscation to us—this
doctrine that war has no law but the will of the
victor? Have wederived benefit from it or injury?
Now, sir, I believe that one of our most disas-
trous blunders in the management of the war was
in attempting to organize and legalize this immense
system of plunder against the people of the re-
bellious States under pretense that the avails of
that plunder would go into the Treasury and pay
the expenses of the war. Nothing could have
been more unwise and impolitic, and nothing
could have resulted worse, even to the Treasury
itself.
The first result was to alienate our friends in
those States by making their property a some-
thing to be taken rather than protected, because
every one knows that officers and agents would
not discriminate much in favor of that loyalty
which obeys the Government for the time being,
and which lives in constant dread of the usurper
if it disobeys him, and in constant fear of the
legitimate Government unless it openiy resists
him. They would just as likely plunder such a
one as they would one of the real traitors, and
such we have found to be the fact. Scarcely a
man comes to us from those States who does not
report himself the victim of a double oppression;
first he is plundered by the rebels because he
yields to them a sullen and reluctant obedience;
then when the Union Army should come to his
rescue ir usually comes only to plunder him still
morn for having obeyed them at all. In this way
wc have lost most of the support we might have
had there, and which was invaluable to us in
-•restoring the Union.
Again, the effect upon our armies and their
officers has beer^most mischievous. They have
been tempted away from their proper errand of
liberating the people from the usurpers, and of
winning them back to their allegiance by giving
them that protection which is reciprocal to it, ana
they have gone after cotton and plunder. Have
we not seen day after day, as the result of this, that,
and the other expedition, that a great quantity of
cotton had been brought in? Indeed, the enemy
seems to be almost lost sight of in the presence
of this potent commodity, unless he chooses to
interrupt the trade in it by inflicting adefeatupon
us.
Our officers in the meanwhile have been con-
federating with " army sharks,"and sharing with
them in the accursed spoil till all that was noble
and manly in their natures is gone in the mad
race for plunder. And the common soldier was
also taught to stain his hands and harden his
heart in this unholy license, till, his honor gone,
defeat was no more a disgrace.
Mr. President, nothing can be so painfully
humiliating as to refer to the condition of things
which is acknowledged to prevail in many places
in the occupation of our armies. War is terrible
at best, when all the humane and softening influ-
ences are brought to bear for its amelioration, but
when law is disregarded, restraints are broken
down, and the lessons of centuries'forgotten, it
becomes a scourge without anything to redeem
it from execration; and in return for all this what
have we gained? I assert that not a dollar has
really come into the Treasury from it if the ac-
counts are fairly stated.
Another and worse result has been that we have
been bythis measure hindered and perhaps pre-
vented from attaining the object for which we
struggle, the restoration of the Union; and by im-
itating the barbarous policy of the rebels we have
been aiding them in their wicked enterprise.
It is easy toseethat their policy and ours ought
to have been entirely different; our mission was
to restore a Union, theirs to destroy it; ours to
reclaim and conciliate angry and excited popula-
tions, theirs to widen the breaches and aggravate
differences; so that if in any case we imitated their
barbarities we were really playing into their hands.
It is one thing to put down a rebellion, and an-
other and quite different thing to excite and main-
tain one. To achieve the former requires the hu-
mane genius of a Hochc, whereas to insure suc-
cess in the latter nothing is better than to oppose
it with the diabolical cruelty of an Alva.
Let the rebels themselves answer how this idea
of wholesale confiscation has helped their cause.
It did for them what they could not do for them-
selves; it made them united and desperate against
us. Thousands and thousands of their people,
who had been constrained to bow the knee to the
Baal of disunion, now enthusiastically minister
at its altais, because of ourfolly in threatening to
confiscate their property. Indeed, I cannotcon-
coivo of anything more hurtful to our cause than
to say to the people of the South, " If we suc-
ceed in suppressing the rebellion we will confis-
cate the estates of all those who have been engaged
in it."
Mr. WADE. Give them a premium for rebellion.
Mr. COWAN. The honorable Senator from
Ohio thinks that to refuse to confiscate would be
a" premium fur rebellion." So thought the world
in barbarous ages; but the honorable Senator is
a lawyer, and it has been in the line of his read-
ing, so that he must know that the very reason
why the old and barbarous rule was abolished
was because it operated as a premium to rebel-
lion, while the new rule forbidding forfeitures
and confiscations has proved a bounty to loyalty
and fidelity, a guarantee of future reconciliation
and peace.
Now, I know it is pretended that this lav/is
only to apply to the case of actual traitors, but it
is not so; it includes in its terms thousands and
tens of thousands of persons who could not pos-
sibly be convicted in any court of the crime of
treason, because it assumes a fallacy, and that is
in this, that allure traitors who hold office under
the confederate States, and all those who refuse
to lay down theirarms after sixty days'notice by
the proclamation of the President. This is
true in factor in *aw,
