1&6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 27,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Occupancy of Confiscated Estates—Mr. Cowan.
Senate.
Now, whatisthe law? In making this inquiry
we need not go further than to Blackstone's
Commentaries, (volume four, page 77,) where
a very brief compend may be found of the com-
mon law as it has always prevailed in England;
and it may be remarked here that the statute of
11 Heriry VII, chapter one, was only declara-
tory of tjie cdmroon law, which excuses the
obedience paid to a king or government de facto:
(t When, therefore, a usurper is in possession, the sub-
ject is excused and justified in obeying, and giving him
assistance; otherwise, under a usurpation, noman could
be safe, if the lawful prince had a light to hang him for
obedience to the powers in being, as the usurper would
certainly do for disobedience. Nay, further, as the mass
of the people are imperfect judges of title, of which in all
cases possession is prima facie evidence, the law com-
pels no man fo yield obediencc to that prince, whose nght
is by want of possession rendered uncertain and disputa-
ble, till Providence shall think fit to interpose in his favor
and dccidc the ambiguous claim; and therefoie, till he is
entitled to such allegiance by possession, no treason can be
committed against him."
Here, then, is not only the common law but the
common sense of the case. It could not be other-
wise to merit the name of law, and it only remains
to inquire as to the fact.
Let us go back a little and see. At the com-
mencement of the rebellion more than one half
the people of the confederate States were opposed
to the secession movement, and, wherever they
had an opportunity to express their will, a ma-
jority in alpa^st every State voted against it. I
think it cannot be disputed that there was a ma-
jority for the Union in every State except perhaps
m South Carolina. How, then, it may be asked,
was the will of that majority set aside and con-
travened ? I answer, by the fraud and force of the
secessionists, who had so managed that before
this time they were in possession of all the de-
partments of the government in all the slave States
except Delaware-, Maryland, where they had
only the Legislature; Kentucky and Missouri,
where they had the Governors but not the Legis-
latures; and in all except those named, having
ihe machinery of the State governments in their
hands, they were able by means of that machin-
ery to put the Federal Government out of pos-
session of their several States, and at the same
time to put it out of the power of that Govern-
ment for the time to give that protection to the
people which they had a right to expect from it,
and which was the consideration of their alle-
giance due to it. What position did that leave
them in? What were they to do? They had
no meays of resisting their State governments,
becausc those governments had not only the
insignia of power over them, but they had the
means of enforcing it. What did they do? Just
what everybody in all times heretofore has done
in like circumstances: they obeyed the govern-
ments in fact existing over them, and they looked
for relief to the Government of the United States,
the only power to which they could look, and
which was bound by the Constitution which
created it to repel invasions and put down re-
bellion in the several States. What did that
Government do? Did it go immediately to their
rescue and punish the usurpers ? Not at all, sir.
The then President, Mr. Buchanan was of opinion
that he had no right to interfere between them and
their State governments, and lie and his Congress
did nothing whatever to asserttheir supremacy or
to delivei the people who had been overborne, but
remained inactive till the expiration of his term,
iih March, 1861, a period of three months.
Now, what were these loyal men to think of
this? Does any candid man think it was treason
if Komo of them during that time had reconciled
themselves to secession, had accepted ofHce under
a rebel State, nay, or had even assisted in organ-
izing the confederacy ? How were they to know
whether the new Administration of Mr. Lincoln
would come down and help them or not, espe-
cially as it took several weeks itself after it got
in before it was able to decide the question ? And
yet, sir, tln .se are the men who are to be consid-
ered as felons under this net and to have their
estates} foifeiteJ absolutely because they did not
without organization, without leaders, without
arms, indeed without even authority, fightagainst
their State governments and stand up for their
connection with the Federal Government, when
that Government had allowed itsolf to be igno-
miniously expelled without striking a blow for
them; nay, when it had gone off giving them no-
tice they were to expect no r. lief from it. Would
it have been very strange if, when that Govern-
mentcame back with its offers of protection, these
loyal men had said, " it is too late; you left us
when we most needed you, aad now when we
have made our peace and formed new relations
we will not return to you?" Surely they might
have said this to Mr. Buchanan with great force
and propiiety.
Well, Mr. Lincoln's administration having
resolved to discharge its constitutional obligations
by putting down the rebellion, had it any right
to expect these people to return to theirallegnmcc
till it was in a condition to protect them? Was
it not first bound to make that return perfectly
safe before it could hope for any assistance from
them? They were then in the toils of the con-
federacy, and to ask them to refuse obedience to
it before we were in a condition to keep them
from being hanged for that refusal, would be
asking rather more than human nature is able
to grant. When, then, were we able to protect
them? Was it after Bull Run, after the repulse
before Richmond, after Fiedericksburg, Chan-
cellorsville, or indeed after any of the terrible and
sanguinary battles in which we have struggled
to regain our supremacy? Have we not in some
instances induced'them to come to us after a tem-
porary success and then left them again to the
tender mercies of the rebels?
I think, Mr. President, that our course in re-
gard to these people has been of a character en-
tirely the reverse of that which would have been
successful in suppressing the rebellion. We were
filled with incorrect ideas of the work we were
engaged in, or of the only methods by which we
could perform the gigantic task we had under-
taken. We started out with exaggerated notions
of our own strength, and we disdained to think
that our success depended upon the loyal men of
the South; we thought we did not need them, and
treated them accordingly. Think of such a prop-
osition as that contained in this law, that if they
do not lay down their arms in sixty days they
will be punished by loss of their estates! How,
prav, are they to lay down their arms? Surely
we know enough to know that this ismere mock-
ery, and that the rebel president might as well
expect a soldier in our armies to lay down his
arms upon a promise of his protection.
Mr. President, I have sometimes doubted
whether we could be serious when we expect any
good results to come from such measures as tins,
which not only exposes us to ridicule but does
harm to our cause. What was wanting in this
crisis of our history with new criminal legisla-
tion, when the code was complete before? We
had a statute punishing treason with death, a just
and proper punishment, one well according with
the magnitude of the crime as well as with the
majesty of the law which inflicted it. For all
thobc who conspired the dismemberment of the
Republic, who used the means and perverted the
State governments to bring it, this is the fitting
punishment, because it is the highest, and falls
upon the guilty alone, where it ought. 1 would
have had no additional laws; m war they are not
needed. 1 would have contemplated no reforms
within the area of the rebellion; they cannot be
made at such a time. What we wanted was men
and money; these granted, the true function of
Congress was over until peace was restored and
all parties again represented. But above all
things 1 would not have played into the hands of
the enemy; I would not have done that which the
rebels most desired to have done, because I have
no doubt that this and all kindred schemes have
been the very ones which they most wanted us
to adopt. 1 do not know that Jefferson Davis j
ever prays; but if he docs, I have no doubt he ,
would pray  j
Mr. WADE. Pray for just such an advocate, i
Mr. COWAN. Pray for just such a statesman
as the honorable Senator from Ohio, the most
effective all}'- he ever had or could have.
lie would have prayed for measuies on our
part which were obnoxious to all people of the
South, loyal and disloyal. Union and disunion.
He would have prayed that we should outrage all
choir common prejudices and cherished beliefs;
that we should do these things by giving ourselves
over to the guidance of men whom it was part of
their religion to hate; to hate personally and by
name, with an intensity rarely witnessed in the «
world before. He would have prayed for con-
fiscation general and indiscriminate; threatening
as well the victims of the usurpation as the usurp-
ers themselves; as well those we were bound to
rescue as those we were bound to punish. Fer-
vently he would have prayed for our emancipa-
tion laws and proclamations as means to fire the
southern heart more potent than all others; they
would rally the angry population to his standard
of revolt as if each had personal quarrel. He
would then have a united South; while as the
result of the same measures a distracted and
divided North.
That is the way I think he would have prayed
and would pray now. Is any man so stupid as
not to know that the great desire on the part of
every rebel is to embark in revolt with him the
whole people of the disaffected districts? Is not
and has not that been considered enough to in-
sure success to him? And where does history
show the failure of any united people, numbering
five or six millions, when they engaged in revolu-
tion ? Nowhere; there is no such case.
What did we do to bring this unity about in
the South ? We forgot our first resolve in July,
1861, to lestore the Union alone, and wc went
fuither and gave out that we would also abolish
slavery. Now that was just exactly the point
upon which all southern men were most tender,
and at which they were most prone to be alarmed
and offended. That was of all things the one
best calculated to make them of one mind against
us; there was no other measure, indeed, which
could have lost to the Union cause so many of
them. It is not a question, either, as to whether
they were right or wrong—that was matter for
their consideration, not ours—for if we were so
desirous of a union with them we ought not to
have expected them to give up their most cher-
ished institutions in order to effect it. Unions
are made by people taking one another as they
are, and I think it has never yet occurred to any
man who was anxious to form a partnership with
another that he should first attempt to force that
other either to change his religion or his politics.
Is not the answer obvious; would not the other
say to him, "If you do not like my principles
why do you wish to be partner with me ? Have
I not as good a right to ask you to change yours
as a condition precedent?"
So it was with the southern people; they were
all in favor of slavery, but one half of them were
still for union with us as before, because they
did not believe wc were abolitionists. The other
half were in open rebellion because they did be-
lieve it. Now, can any one conceive of greater
folly on our part than that we should destroy the
faith of our friends and verify that of our ene-
mies ? Could not anybody have foretold we would
have lost one half by that, and then we would
have no one left to form a union with? We
drove that half over to the rebels and thereby in-
creased their strength a thousand-fold.
Is not all this history now ? The great fact is
staring us full in the face to-day; we are con-
tending with a united people desperately in
earnest to resist us. Our most powerful armies
most skillfully led have heretofore failed to con-
quer them, and I think will fail as long as we
pursue this fatal policy.
Now, Mr. President, I appeal to Senators
whether it is not time to pause and inquire whether
that policy which has certainly united the south*
em people in their cause and which quite as cer-
tainly has divided the northern people m their
support of ouis ought not to be abandoned at
once. Why persist in it longer ? Can we do
nothing to retrieve our fortune by retracing our
steps? Can we not divide the rebels and unite
the loyal men of the loyal States by going back
to the single idea of war for the Union; or is H
now too late? Have we lost irrecoverably our
hold on the affections of our countrymen who
were for the Union in 1861—even in J862? I*
there no way by which we could satisfy them that
we yet mean union, and not conquest and sub-
jugation? And what a difference in the meaning
of th^se two phrase*! The first offers the hand
