im
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18.
sin wants me to state when the party will be here.
I certainly cannotstate it; but if he does not come
in a reasonable time I shall not ask for any fur-
ther delay. *
Mr. TRUMBULL- It will be in the power
of the committee to report the bill back at any
time. It cannot be delayed any time. The Sen-
ator-from Wisconsin will have control of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the recommitment of the bill to the Commits
t§e on Patents and the Patent Office.
The motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
This day having been set apart for the con-
sideration of business relating to the District of
Columbia, on the motion of Mr. GRIMES the
mayors of Georgetown (Mr. Addison) and of
Washington (Mr. Waliach) were admitted to the
floor of the Senate Chamber for the convenience
of consultation with Senators on the pending
measures.
' NOTARIES PUBLIC.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 82,
concerning notaries public for the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. WADE. I believe the resolution about
permitting the judges of the courts of the District
to have the privilege of the Library is the first hill
on the Calendar. There was an adverse report
from the Committee on the Library, and I wish
that resolution to be taken up and disposed of, as
I believe it is the first District business in order
on the Calendar.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know that there is
any order about it. I supposed business relating
to the District of Columbia was intrusted to my
care to be called up whenever I saw fit.
Mr. WADE. I will not oppose you. I am a
member of the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, but I will not oppose yon.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not aware that that reso-
lution was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, or reported by them.
Mr. WADE. It is District business.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not aware of that.
The motion of Mr. Giumigs was agreed to; and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bdl (S. No. 82) concerning
notaries public for the District of Columbia. The
bill provides that notaries public for the District
of Columbia may be appointed by the supreme
court of the District. Wo new appointment is to
be made until the number in the District is re-
duced to twenty-live; and afterwards vacancies ai r
to be filled by the court as they may occur. Each
notary public hereafter appointed, before entering
Uj^on tile duties of hw office, is to take an oath
faithfully to discharge them, and to give bond to
the United States in the yum of $2,000, with se-
curity to be approved by the supreme court or a
judge thereof, for the faithful discharge of the
duties of his oifico. And the court, with reason-
able dispatch, by a general order to be published
in one or more newspapers printed in the Dis-
trict,is to lequirc all pei sons now holding the com-
mission of notary public to give new bond; and
all persons failing to comply with that ouiei aie
to be stricken from the listof notaries. Notaries
public are to have authority to demand accept-
ance and payment of foreign bills of exchange,
and to protest them for non-acceptance and non-
payment; and to exercise such other powers and
duties as, by the law of nations, and according to
commercial usages, or for use and effect beyond
the jurisdiction of this District as, according to
the law of any Suite or Ten itoi y of the United
States, or any foreign Government in amity with
the United States, may be perfoimod by notaries
public. Notaries public may also demand ac-
ceptance of inland bills ofexchange, and payment
thereof, and of promissory notes, and may pro-
test them for non-acceptance or non-payment,as
the case may require.
Each notary public is to have power to take
and to certify the acknowledgment or proof of
powers of attorney, mortgages, deeds, and other
instruments of writing, the acknowledgment of
any conveyance, or other instrument of\vntm<r,
executed by any married woman, to take deposi-
tion?, and to administer oaths and affirmations in
all matters incident or belonging to the duties of
his .office, and to take affidavits to be used before
any court, judge, or officer within this District.
Each notary public is to keep a fair record of his
official acts, and, when required, to give a certified
copy of any record in his office to any person,
upon payment of the fees therefor. Each notary
public, before he acts as such, is to provide a no-
tarial seal, with which he shall authenticate all
his official acts, which seal, together with his rec-
ords and official documents, are not to be liable
to be seized on by any execution. He must de-
posit an impression of his official seal in the office
of the clerk of the supreme court of the District.
On the death, resignation, or removal from office of
any notary public,his records, together with all his
official papers, are to be deposited in the office of the
clerk of the supreme court of the District. The
original protest of a notary public, under his hand
and official seal, of any bill of exchange or prom-
issory note for non-acceptance or non-payment,
stating the presentment by him of such bill of
exchange or note for acceptance or payment, and
the non-acceptance or non-payment thereof, and
the service of notice on any or all of the parties
to such bill of exchange or promissory note, and
specifying the mode of giving such notice, and
the reputed place of residence of the party to whom
the same was given, and the post office nearest
thereto, are to be prima facie evidence of the facts
contained therein. The certificate of a notary
public, under his hand and seal of office, drawn
from his record, stating the protest and the facts
therein contained, are also to be evidence of the
facts in like manner as the original protest.
The fees of notaries public are to be: for each
certificate and seal, fifty cents; for taking depo-
sitions or other writings, for each one hundred
words, ten cents; for administering an oath, fif-
teen cents; for taking acknowledgment of a deed
or power of attorney, with ceitificate thereof, fifty
cents; for every protest of a bill of exchange or
promissory note,and recording the same, $1 75;
for each notice of protest, ten cents; for each de-
mand for acceptance or payment, if accepted or
paid, one dollar, to be paid by the party accept-
ing or paying the same; and for each noting of
piotest, one dollar. All acts and parts of acts in-
consistent with this act are to be repealed.
Mr. HALE. I desire the attention of the
chaiiman of the Committee on the Disti ict of Co-
lumbia for a moment to the first section, in which
the power of appointment is conferred on thesu-
piemecouit of the District. It strikes me that
the same tribunal that has the appointment ought
to have the power of removal for cause. There
is nothing of that sort in the bill, however.
Mr. GRIMES. I think that they have that
power now; but I am perfectly willing that the
Senator should propose an amendment to that
effect. I will state thatat present theie is no law
regarding the appointment of notaiies public, or
controlling them, or defining their powers and du-
ties, or specifying their fees, except such as were
in existence in Maryland before this District was
ceded to the United States, as I am informed by
the notaries public. This bill is designed for the
purpose of putting on our own statute-book a law
that shall regulate the duties of the notaries pub-
lic, specifying the manner in which they shall be
appointed, and the manner in which they shall
be amenable to some higher h ibunal, and defining
their fees. I think, although I am not confident
about it, for 1 do not pretend to know much about
the laws of this District 
Mr. WADE. You have no objection to that
amendment?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir. I think the court
have that power now; but I am very well satis-
fied to accept such an amendment, if the Senator
will offer it.
Mr. HALE. 'Then I move to amend the first
section by insertingafterthc woril " District," in
line four, the words " who shall have power to
remove the same for cause."
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied with that amend-
ment. I think there is not any such provision in
this bill; but I think the court have the power
under it. By reference to the eighth section it will
be observed that the bill itself, as reported by the
committee, contemplates the power of removal of
these officers by the court:
c*f hat on the resignation, ot removal from office
of an % notary public, In- leeotdV*
I am very well satisfied that the court has the
power in this District to remove justices of the
peace, notaries public, and other officers of that
description. I know that it has been done in re-
gard to the justices of the peace since this session
of Congress began.
Mr. JOHNSON. Itwilldo no harm to insert it.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; and I have no objec-
tion to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. There is another amendment
which I think should be made, and to which I de-
sire to call the attention of the chairman of the
District Committee. Is there any penalty now for
notaries public taking higher fees than are pre-
scribed by the statute?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. HALE. If there is not, I think that mat-
ter should be provided for in this bill; and I move
after the tenth section to add this provision:
That any notary public who shall take a higher fee than
is prescribed by this act shall pay a fine of $100 and be re-
moved from office by the court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I desire to move
an amendment to limit the number of years to five
during which these officers shall serve. I think
that will be better than to leave them to serve for
life. I have included in my amendment the amend-
ment of my colleague in substance, to give the bill
conformity.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to insert after the word "District," m the fourth
line of the first section, the words, u whose term
of office shall be five years, and who may be re-
moved by said court for causeso that the clause
will read:
That notaries public for the District of Columbia may
be appointed by the bupreme couit of .said District, whoso
term of ofliee shall be live yeais, and who may be lemoved
by said court for cau^c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate have
agreed to the other amendment; but by the unani-
mous consent of the Senate it can be put in this
form.
Mr. CLARK. I only insert it in this amend-
ment so as to modify the words a little.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
gard thi%as a substitute for the other amendment,
if there be no objection, that having been agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time. It
was read the third time, and passed.
CHARTER OF THIS CITY OF GEORGETOWN.
The next bill considered as in Committee of
the Whole was the bill (S. No. 81) to amend the
charter of Georgetown, m the District of Colum-
bia. It provides that the corporation of George-
town is not hereafter to be forced to contribute
toward the expense of the levy court of the county
of Washington, io the District of Columbia, more
than a certain proportion of the expenses incurred
on account of the orphans'court and the office of
coroner, which was left blank in the bill to be
filled up by the Senate, and one half the expense
of opening and repairing roVids in the county
of Washington west of Hock creek leading to
Georgetown. The rcsiduuof the expenses ufthe
coroner and the orphans' courtare to be defrayed
by the corporate authorities of the city of Wash-
ington.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill, with an amendment to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and to insert the
following in lieu thereof:
That from and after the parage of this act, thecorpoiate
| authorities of the city of Wa-luugron, the coi poiatc an i It oil-
tio the city ol Ocoiyctow n, <i;id the eon m v am hoi of
the enuutyof Washington, in the Ut-metot Columbia. «*h:UJ
contrihutC to the expen>Cb of the levy eouit ol the county
| ot Washington, inclined on account of the oiphans" couif,
the office of coroner and tho jail ot -'aid conntv. in th<- tol-
lou-in? pioportious, to wit: the city ot Washington twelve
fifteenths, the city of Georgetown two liiteeiith*, and the
couni> of Wellington one fifteenth ol -aid expenM^.
fcSrc.2 ./Indhcit fintbercwided, That all law*: and p.n ts*
of laws inconsistent with the pio\ bums of thw act be. and
they are hereby, lepealed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tim question is
on concurnng in the amendment reported by the
committee. That amendment is open to amend-
ment,
IVIr. GRIMES. By the nets of 1820 and 1826
the expenses of the levy court of the county of
Washington were distributed between the city
