1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1767
Mr. COX. This is the largestquestion of this
age, and we ought to have the largest liberty of
debate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Sit a little later,
then.
Mr. ODELL. I rise to a point of order. I
simply want to know of the Chair whether gen-
tlemen upon thatsideor upon this side have any
authority under the rules of the House to say
when and how the debate shall be ended upon
any question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recog-
nize that as a point of order.
Mr. COX. I did not make any arrangement
upon the subject.
Mr. ODELL. I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Broomall] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BEAMAN. 1 object to any further yield-
ing unless the time is deducted from the time of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman to yield that I may put a question to
the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. BROOMALL. Very well.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I trust the
gentleman from Maryland will not insist upon
closing the debate on Wednesday next, but that
he will allow this debate logo on. However,
I will take his suggestion for what it is worth.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The bill has been
before the House for nearly a month, and that,
certainly, is a reasonable length of time.
Mr. BROOMALL. The bill before us pro-
vides for the government of the States in rebel-
lion,asfast as they shall be reduced to subjection,
by provisional governors^ to be appointed by the
President, with the consent of the Senate, under
a system set forth in the bill. It provides for the
return of those Suites to their former participa-
tion ill the Federal Government as soon as the
loyal citizens shall organize State governments,
republican in form, and having regard to the in-
alienable right of all men to life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness; and U provides that the debt
of the rebel organization shall not bo assumed by
those States nor paid by levying taxes on the peo-
ple. I shall speak of the general pi inciples of the
proposed enactment as I have given them, as-
suming that proper details are provided for car-
rying out those general principles.
The first great question that presents itself is
whether or not we possess the power toenactthe
Proposed law. It will be concedcd that Congress
as no powers except such as are derived from
the Constitution; and that that instrument con-
fers no express power to pass such enactment. If
thepowei exists, it must be embtaced within those
implied as necessary to carry out the express
ones, and to maintain the sovereignty of the na-
tion.
It is impossible in a written instrument to pro-
vide for all contingencies that may arise except
in very general terms, and there are some powers
so incident to the being of a nation that no con-
stitutional provision is necessary to secure them,
and none can enlarge or abridge them. From
these causes arise implied powers. We have the
power to make war, and this by virtue of the Con-
stitution. Not that that instrument expressly au-
thorizes it, but itsadoption made us a nation and
thp power to make war is inseparably incident to
a nation. Congress is expiessly authorized to
declare war, but war may exist and it usually
does, for a time, without a declaration. The right
to make war arises from the right of self-defense,
a right which vested in the Government the mo-
ment it sprang into being,and which would exist
even if prohibited by the Constitution.
We are called upon to legislate for a condition
of things new in the histo'ry of the Republic, hale
dreamed of by the framers of the Constitution.
We are in the midst of civil war. The life of the
nation is threatened, and it behooves us to do all
we can to preserve it. But to usurp powers we
have not is only a mode of overturning the Gov-
ernment under the pretense of preserving it.^ Let
us, therefore, examine our ground, carefully as-
certain our powers, and fearlessly and conscien-
tiously exercise them. And first let us inquire what
are the precise characteristics of that with which
we have to deal.
There is a difference between insurrection and
civil war. It is not merely that the former is less
extensive or less formidable than the latter, for
this may not be the case. A civil war begins as
an insurrection. It remains an insurrection as
long as it is treated under the civil law. When
the Government finds it necessary to grant the
insurgents belligerent rights; when it ceases to
hang prisoners and begins to exchange them;
when it ceases to insist on allegiance and only
employs the means to conquer, then the insur-
rection has developed itself into civil war.
There is no necessity for confusion of ideas on
this subject. There is no mistaking one of these
things for the other, though the exact point of
time in which the transition is made may not be
well defined. The test consists in the treatment
of the matter by the Government revolted against.
As long as that treatment is by indictment and
sentence the outbreak is insurrection. When the
civil power gives place to the usages of war it
becomes civil war.
The injured Government grants the insurgents
belligerent rights from a variety of causes: from
deference to the interests of other nations and
their citizens; from fear of retaliation if civil pen-
alties be inflicted on those caught in the crime;
from a sense of humanity on account of the num-
ber of those who would otherwise be amenable
to civil law; and from a senseof justice, because
within the scopo of the outbreak the Government
cannot protect individuals and therefore, for the
time, should not clatm allegiance from them.
Talk as we will of the horrors of war, the civil
law is far the less merciful. Under both sys-
tems the insurgents may be shot down In being
taken; but if taken alive the usages of war inflict
no punishment; while the civil law hangs as a
traitor every man caught in arms, every man who
furnishes food to the enemy or pays taxes for his
support, and every man who, knowmgthe plans
of the enemy, fails to disclose them and thwart
them to the full extent of his ability.
WhateverdifRculty theremighthave been three
years ago, there is none now in determining that
the contestgoing on in the country is civil war.
We exchange prisoners. We recognize thelet-
ters of marque and reprisal issued by the rebels.
We blockade their ports. We seize and con-
fiscate their property. It is not that we have
yielded up our sovereignty, but we have been
forced into a different mode of asserting it, by
arms instead of by police regulations.
The only peculiar characteristic of civil war is
that the parties before its commencement acknowl-
edged allegiance to a common Government. Once
commenced, it is in all respects like any other
war; conducted in the same manner, subject to
the same rules, and waged for the same purpose
—that of victory. This truth fully understood
would simplify many troublesome problems ai is-
ing out of the existing etateof things. We must
learn that, having developed itself into civil war,
the contest has become ivar to the fullest extent
of the word, and while it lasts it is of no import-
ance whatever that the combatants were formerly
acknowledged fellow-citizens.
The bill under consideration looks to the end-
ing of the war by our conquering the rebels; and
it is intended to go into effect from time to time
over successive districts as they ore leclaimed.
Like all other wars, ours must terminate in one
of three ways: first, by the -parties becoming
mutually tired and abandoning the contest; sec-
ond, by treaty; and third, by subjugation. The
first of these is rare in history, and is unlikely
to occur with combatants as jealous of their
claims and as obstinate in maintaining them as
we or our opponents. We have oveirated our
importance among the nations of the world if
such an event is possible. We are not worth the
blood and treasure already expended by and upon
us if we could by mere indifference permit the
heritage of our fathers to be wrested from us.
The^usual termination of war is by treaty. The
sveaker party submits to the will of the stronger
on condition that that will shall be exercised un-
der restrictions fixed upon by the parties. The
stronger consents to the measure either because
itsecures all he asks or because that which it does
not secure is not worth the necessary cost of life
and treasure; and the future status of the parties
is fixed by the treaty.
It is certainly possible for the existing war to
teimmate by treaty, since a time may arrive when
a conditional surrender by the rebels will be as
advantageous to the Government as an uncondi-
tional one. But there are difficulties in the way
of treating which ought to be well considered be-
fore that course shall be resolved-upon.-
It must not be forgotten that the rebels consti-
tute a large proportion of the political party that
supported Mr. Breckinridge at the last presiden-
tial election. It must not be forgotten thatthey
entered into that contest with us, holding out the
idea of good faith, expecting us to be bound by
the result, and pledging themselves, at least by
the act of going into it, to abide the decision of
the ballot-box. It must not be forgotten that the
war now being waged is the result of the refusal
of that party, wherever in the ascendent, to sub-
mit to the result, without the shadow of a pre-
tense that the election was illegal or unfair; and
lastly-, it must not be forgotten that that party,
even in the loyal part of the country, still keeps
up its organization, though deserted by many
thousands of its Members whose patriotism is
stronger than their love of party; and that so or*
ganized it leaves no means untried short of actual
crime to embarrass the Government and encour-
age the rebellion.
This is a most momentous period in our conn-
try's history. For the first time a great political
party, beaten at an election, appeals to the sword.
Always heretofore the will of the majority has
been submitted to; sometimes with some com-
plaining, but still it has been submitted to. Now
a treaty will be of no use to the rebels unless it
shall grant "them terms more advantageous than
unconditional submission; and before we grant
such terms, it is well to-ask ourselves what guar-
antee we have that the same result will not fol-
low the next or some future election. What con-
fidence will we have in going into an election
hereafter with a party that once refused to sub-
mit to the result and extorted terms from us by
an appeal to the sword ?
Let us remember that this was the rock upon
which the republic of Mexico split. The de-
feated party at an election for President in 1828
appealed to arms. If it had been possible to ex-
terminate them, Mexico might at this day have
been second only in prosperity to our own coun-
try. Butin an evil hour the Government listened
to counsels of compiomise and conciliation.
Terms were conceded to the rebels, and the conse-
quence followed that scarcely any defeated party
after that time submitted to the result of an elec-
tion. Civil war became the normal condition of
the people. They sank lower and lower in the
scale of nations, and now a European monarchy
dictates a system of government to that unhappy
country.
Let our own country take warning. In a Gov-
ernment such as ours the will of the majority,
ascertained according to prescribed forms of law,
must govern, or the result is first anarchy, then
despotism. It is probably the dictate of mercy,
it is certainly that of expediency, that those who
refuse to submit to the will of the majority so as-
certained should be either unconditionally sub-
dued or wholly exterminated.
It is time enough, however, to talk about the
danger of treating with the rebels when they show
a disposition to treat upon terms possible fur us to
accept. As yet the parties arc wide enough apart
to render the danger of treating a remote one.
We will not treat upon terms snort of uncondi-
tional submission. They will not upon terms
short of independence. It is difficult to see any
point between these extremes that would suit the
purposes of either side. If we yield any, we
abandon the grand principle of our Republic, the
one on which its very being depends, that the
minority must submit to the will of the majority,
legally expressed, either voluntarily or by com-
pulsion. On the other hand, if they yield any
they virtually yield the whole, for submission in
the weakened condition to which we have reduced
them is unconditional submission.
There remains, therefore, but the other mode
by which the contest may be ended, by one of
the combatants conquering the other. In this
case there will be no treaty to fix the future con-
dition of the conquered, and that condition must
be fixed by the laws of war. It is important,
therefore, to inquire what those laws are.
I have said by one of the combatants conquer-
ing the other, not because I have doubts about
the result, but because I conceive there will b%
