LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
ACTS OF THE THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS
OF TIIE
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the First Session, which teas begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Monday, the 1th day of December, A. D. 18G3, and ended on Monday, the 4th day of July, A. D, 1864.
Abraham Lincoln, President. Hannibal Hamlin, Yiee President, and President of the Senate. Daniel Clark
was elected President of the Senate, pro tempore, on the 25th day of April, and so acted until the end of the
session. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the House of Representative?!.
[The fndex to the Law* follows the Index to the Appendix.]
Chapter I.—An ActdeclaringtheAssentofCon- f!
gress to an Act of the Legislature of the State j,
of Illinois therein named. i;
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- j'
sentativesofthe United States of America in Congress •'
assembled, That the consentof Congress is hereby .
given to the operation of the eleventh section,
chapter fifteen, of the act of the General Assem-
bly of the State of Illinois, approved February
thirteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, en-
titled "An act to reduce the charter of the city of
Chicago, and the several acts amendatory thereof,
into one act, and to revise the same;" which sec-
tion is as follows: " Said city shall have the power
to extend aqueducts or inlet pipes into Lake Mich-
igan, so far as may be deemed necessary to insure
a supply of pure water, and to erect a pier or piers
in the navigable waters of said lake, for the mak-
ing,preserving,and woikingofsaid pipes oraque-
ducts: Provided, That such piers shall be fur-
nished with a beacon-light, which shall be lighted
at all such seasons and hours as the light on the
pier at the entrance of Chicago river."
Approved, January 16, 1864.
Chap. II.—An Act to authorize the President to
appoint a Second Assistant Secretary of War.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President be, and he is here-
by, authorized to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, for the term of one
year from the passage of this act, an officer m the
War Department, to be called the Second Assist-
ant Secretary of War, whose salary shall be three
thousand dollars per annum, payable in the same
manner as that of the Secretary of War, who
shall perform all such duties m the oflice of the
Secretary of War belonging to that Department
as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of War,
or as may be required by law.
Approved, January 19, 1864.
Ciiap. III.—An Acttoprovidefor the Deficiency
in the Appropriation for the Pay of Officers and
Men actually employed in the Western Depart-
ment, or Department of Missouri.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be,and heieby is, appt opri-
uted, out of any money m theTreasury not oth-
erwise appropriated, the sum of seven hundred
thousand six hundred and twelve dollars and thir-
teen cents, or so much thereof as may be neces-
139
sary, to carry into effect the act approved March
twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, to
secure to the officers and men actually employed
in the Western department, or department ofMis-
souri, their pay, bounty,and pension: Provided,
however ^ That in the payment of the money here-
by appropriated, such payment shall be made
directly to the officers or soldiers by whom the
services were rendered, or to their personal rep-
resentatives, or to their agents appointed by pow-
ers of attorney, and no assignment of any sum
due to any officer or soldier shall be valid; such
payments to be made by paymasters of the United
StatesArmy: Providedfurther,hoicever, Thatany
person.holding a power of attorney authorizing
the receipt by him of the amount to be paid to
any officer or soldier may, upon making and filing
an affidavit to the effect that he is acting in the
premises purely asagent, without personal inter-
est, and that he will pay over the amount received
either to the soldier or (in his absence) to his
wife or children, for their benefit, be entitled to
receive such amount.
Approved, January 22, 1864.
Ciiap. IV.—An Act to amend the Law prescribing
the Articles to be admitted into the Mails of the
United Suites.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
j assembled, That aiticlcsof clothing, being manu-
j facturcd of wool, cotton, or linen,and comprised
i in a package not exceeding two pounds in weight,
j addressed to any non-commissioned officei orpri-
; vate serving in the armies of the United States,
may be transmitted m the mails of the United
States at the rate of eight cents, to be m yll cases
prepaid, for every four ounces, or any fraction
thereof, subject to such regulations as the Post-
master General may pivsciibe.
Approved, Jamuuy 22, 1664.
Ciiap. Y.—An Act to change the Place of hold-
ing the Circuit and District Courts of the United
States for the District of West Tennessee, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives cf the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That hereafter the circuit and district
courts of the United States for the district of
West Tennessee shall be holden at the city of
Memphis, in said district, on the first Monday in
March and the first Monday in September of each
year, and at no other place. And all process, civil
and criminal, which may have been, or hereafter
may be, issued,returnable to Raid courts at Jack-
son or Huntingdon, in said district, shall be re-
turned to said courts, respectively, at the city of
Memphis;and ail books and r^cordsofevery kind,
pertaimngto said courts,shall be transferred from
the places where said courts have heretofore been
held to the city of Memphis.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
judges of the United States circuit court, and of
the United States districtcourt for the several dis-
tricts of Tennessee, may, whenever in their opin-
ion the public interests require it, appoint spe-
cial terms of their respective courts atKnoxviHe,
Nashville, and Memphis, to be holden at such
times as said judges, respectively, shall deem most
conducive to the public good. Notice of each
special term appointed under the provisions of
this act shall be published in at least one news-
paper printed in the town or city in which a term
is to be held, for four consecutive weeks.
Approved, January 26, 1864.
Chap. VI.—An Act relating to the Admission
of Patients to the Hospital for the Insane in the
District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretaty of the Interior be
authorized, in his discretion, duiingtheexistence
of the present war, to admit into the Government
hospital for the insane such transient insane per-
sons as may be found in the District of Columbia
without the means of self-support, to be there
detained until they can be sent to their friends or
proper places of residence, under the direction of
the said Secretary of the Interior, whose duty it
shall i?e to provide therefor; the steps preliminary
to their admission to be the same, except as to the
affidavit of residence at the time they became in-
sane, as are required in the case of indigent per-
sons who became insane while residing in the
District.
Approved, January 28, 1864.
Chap. VII.—An Act making Appropriationsfor
the payment of Invalid and other Pensions of
the United States for the year ending tiic thir-
tieth of June, eighteen'hundred and sixty-five.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
si ntatives cf the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
