THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONG11ESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, ]i G. :
Thikty-Eightii Congress, 1st Session-.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1864.
New Sf.ries..„.No'. 46.",'
of Georgetown, the city of Washington, and the
county of Washington, composing that portion
of the territory outside of the two cities, thus:
the city of Washington was required to pay
one half, the city of Georgetown one fourth, and
the county one fourth. At that time the propor-
tion required to be paid by each was about fair
and equitable. Since that time the population of
Washington has greatly increased. They have all
increased, in fact; but Washington has increased
in population and wealth to a greater extent than
either Georgetown or the District outside of the
two cities. According to the census of 1860, there
were 75,180 people in the entire District of Co-
lumbia, of whom 8,733 were in Georgetown,
5,225 were in the county, and 61,122 in Wash-
ington.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
have taken the census of 1850 as a basis for the
distribution of the expenses between the two
cities and the county. That would not be ex-
actly fair to-day, perhaps, toward the county and
the city of Georgetown. Perhaps Washington
has increased during the last three years m a
much greater proportion in wealth and popula-
tion than Georgetown and the District; but there
was no other data that we could assume upon
which to reach any very reasonable conclusion.
It will be observed, Mr. President, that in this
bill wc have inserted the words, "and the jail of
said county." The bill, as it now stands, would
not require the levy court, or the county, or either
of the cities to contribute at all toward the ex-
pense of supporting the jail; but the words were
inserted there in contemplation of some other
legislation of Congress by which a portion at any
rate of the expenses of supporting the jail might
be thrown upon the county. If Congress does
not see fit hereafter to provide by law that the
jail shall be taken care of by the county, as it
does provide in all the Territories of the United
States, which hold very much the same relation
to the General Government that the District of
Columbia holds to the General Government, then
this clause in relation to the jail will be wholly
inoperative; but if it shall be deemed best here-
after to provide that the District shall contribute
toward the expenses of the jail, then this law
will stand, and the distribution between the two
cities and the county will be as provided in this
act.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask the chairman of
the committee if the expenses of maintaining the
jail are not now paid by the United States out of
the Treasury?
Mr. GRIMES. They are.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I supposed; and I ask him
to state what, if he recollects, is the amount of
maintaining the jail? My impression is that it is
very heavy, and it is paiticulail y heavy at th is time.
The population of Washington, although it has
really increased to a very great extent, has nom-
inally increased to a very much greater extent,
and consists of a floating population brought here
by the peculiar condition of the country; and very
many of the offenses, perhaps most of the of-
fenses that are committed, are committed by that
class of people who aie necessarily brought to a
place such as Washington is at this time. It
seems very hard to me that the whole expense of
maintaining the jail, or thepioportion stated here,
should be thrown upon the city of Washington.
I am not sure that I understood the chairman,
whether he intended to say that this law would
not operate at once, so as to throw upon the city
the burden of supporting the jail, or whether its
operation would be dependent upon future legis-
lation on the part of Congress. As I read it, the
moment it passes, the cities of Washington and
Georgetown and the county will be liable to pay
the whole expense of maintaining the jail. Now,
this city has recently determined upon incurring
very heavy expenditures for the pavement of its
streets, the making of additional sewers, and the
improvementof the existing sewers; all of which
will throw on the city a very heavy burden. It
seems to me the proper policy, so far as wc can
dO
do it consistent with justice to the United States,
would be rather to increase the inducements for
persons to come to the city and make it their per-
manent residence. That is not done if you heap
upon them the expense ofmaintaininga jail, which
for the most part becomes necessary and becomes
expensive, not because the city of Washington is
here, or is the city of Washington, and has a pop-
ulation of its own, but because, being the seat of
government, there are a great many people from
all the States of the Ujiion, and from foreign na-
tions, who are assembled here,and who are very
apt to increase, and certainly have very much in-
creased, the expense of maintaining the jail.
Mr.GRIMES. Mr. President, the Senatorfrom
Maryland reads this bill and construes it alto-
gether different from the manner in which I read
it. There is nothing in the bill which makes it
obligatory on either of the cities or the county to
support thejail. It merely says, " such expenses
as may be incurred;" that is, such expenses as
may be incurred by them voluntarily if they see
fit to do it, or by some act of Congress that may
hereafter be passed, shall be distributed in the pro-
portions fixed and established by this bill.
I am unable to answer the question of the Sen-
ator as to the expenses of thejail. I do not know
anybody who can answer it except the First Comp-
troller, and i do not know that he can. I know
they are very heavy; but I am very well satisfied
they would not be one fourth of what they are if
the jail was under the control of some local au-
thority, and not under the control of the United
States Government.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why?
Mr. GRIMES. In the first place, we pay to
all the officers connected with that jail fees twice
as large as are paid by the county and by the city
for services of a similar or vei y similar character,
and to men of the same grade of capacity for the
performance of such duties. We pay twice as
much for the support of the persons in the jail,
under some extraordinary construction that has
been given on the subject of rations to these pris-
oners, than has been given heretofore. The com-
mutation for rations to the prisoners now in the
jail is thirty-six cents,although a year ago itwas
in testimony before the Committee on the District
of Columbia that those rations could be furnished
for eight or nine cents, if I remember aright. If
we had the corporations ofGcorgetown and Wash-
ington, or the officers of the levy court, to look
after that jail, they would see to it that there was
not such an extraordinary amount of money squan-
dered as is being squandered now. There is no
control over the jail by Congress which appropri-
ates this money.
There is no analogy in the history of the Ter-
ritories or in the Government for the United
States Government paying the expenses of jails.
I have lived in my lifetime in three Territories.
A Territory holds very much the same relation
to the Federal Government that this District does.
There never was such a case heard of as the Fed-
eral Government paying the expenses of a jail in
a Territory. But still, as 1 said before, this bill
does not contemplate producing any change in
regard to the expenses of the jail. I think the
bill will not admit of any such construction as
the Senator from Maryland gives to it. It con-
templates, however, that if they shall voluntarily
take any action on the subject, the expense shall
be distributed in the proportion fixed by this bill;
or, if wo shall follow it up by some subsequent
legislation, and declare that hereafter the District
of Columbia shall be burdened with thecxpenses
of the jail, then that those expenses shall be dis-
tributed among the constituent parts composing
the District in the ratio fixed by this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think 1 have been
mistaken as to the meaning of the bill as itstands,
if it should becomes law. The law as it now
stands requires the while expense of the jail to
be defrayed by the United Slates. As the Dis-
trict is entirely within the exclusive legislative
jurisdiction of Congress, Congress of course have
a right to change it. There is no doubt about that;
and the only question is, whether if this bill passes
as if, now stands on our table the law in tnatre-
spect will not be changed.
The bill assumes of course that there are cer-
tain expenses to be met for the support of the
orphans' court, the expenses of the levy court,
andjhe expenses of thejail, and says that those
expenses in the aggregate, orphans .court, ;levy
court, and jail shall be paid. Shall, when? Shall
undertlus law. Wlien? When the law passes,
I have no doubt, because the chairman of the com-
mittee says so, that it was not the purpose of the
committee or his own purpose in drafting the bill;
but as I read it, it will become at once tlie duty of
these three localities, Georgetown, Washington,
and the county, to pay the whole amount of the
expense.
The chairman admits that the expense would
be a pretty consideiable item. He justifies the
proposition to throw the whole on this city and
Georgetown and the county, on the ground that
if the matter were in their hands the expense
would not be as great as it is. Whose fault is it
that the expenses are so great as the gentleman
states? It is not the fault of this city, nor of
Georgetown, nor of the county; it is the fault of
Congress; it is the fault of the committee,if there
be any fault. I ask the honorable chairman of
the committee and my friend from Maine, [Mr
Morrill,] who have these matteis in charge, ^ by
cannot you by legislation just as well as this city
or Georgetown guard against that unnecessary ex-
pense? I see no difficulty about it, not the slightest.
It is true, I dare say, that the expenses are a
great deal heavier than they should be. The chair-
man says you pay your jailer and superintendent
and different officers a great deal more than they
ought to be paid. You can get rid of that by chang-
ing the law in that particular. It is said that the
amount allowed for rations is much larger I ban it
should be. You can get clear of that just as well
as the city can, and you have the same induce-
ment the city has; that is to say, the inducement
of saving money. The expenses will be enormous
or very heavy, no matter what may be the salaries
paid to these officers, or what may be the amount
of rations furnished to the prisoners; but that does
not justify throwing the whole expense on these
three localities, as a very large portion of the ex-
pense is caustd by the Government itself, riot di-
rectly but incidentally.
Now, there is a difference, as it seems to me,
and upon that difference Congress has acted up
to the present time, between the condition of this
city and any otherTerritory. In the other Terri1
tories the whole is strictly local; all the popula-
tion there belongs strictly to that locality. Thoy
! go there to reside. They arc governed by their
own territorial legislation. Their territorial Le-
gislatures have entire jutisdiction over the people;
but here the city has no jurisdiction at all except
so far as you {rive it to them.
Mr. GRIMES. We propose to give it to them.
Mr. JOHNSON- You do not give them the
power of legislation in order to keep down ex-
penses by keeping away criminals.
Mr. GRIMES. We propose to follow thatup
hereafter.
Mr. JOHNSON. In what way? That cannot
be clone. There are some things that cannot be
done, and that is one of those things. You can-
not prevent people from coming to the District as
long as we remain a free people. They will come,
and in tho present condition of things they come
in hordes, and where such a mass come into the
city, in the nature of things, as long as men are
men, there will be a great many men who will
soon find their way into the jail.
It is nothing new for the United States to pay
the expenses of enforcing its criminal law. The
expense of maintaining every man who is con-
victed here or in the States of an offense under the
laws and is sent to the penitentiary, in that peni-
tentiary i^ home by the Government; and why?
Because he is an offender as against the laws of
the United States, and the expense of maintaining
the laws of the United States ought to devolve
