140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
the payment of pensions for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five:
For invalid pensions under various acts, one
million dollars.
For pensions to wi4<xws, mothers, children, and
sisters, under the first section of the act of fourth
July, eighteen hundred and thirty-six; act of
July twenty-first, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight; first section of the act of February third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three; June third, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-eight; and July fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, two million two
hundred thousand dollars.
Approved, January 29, 1864.
Chap. VIII.—An Act authorizing the holding of
a Special Session of the United States District
Court for the District of Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assenibled, That a special session of the United
States district court for the district of Indiana shall
be holden at the usual place of holding said court
on the second Tuesday m March, in the year of
our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-
four.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all suits
and proceedings of a civil or criminal nature, now
pending in, or returnable to said court, shall be
proceeded in, heard, tried, and determined by said
court at said special session, in the same manner
as at a regular term of said court; and the judge
thereof is hereby empowered to order the impan-
neling of a petit jury for said session, but not
a grand jury. And no ease shall be considered
which stands continued to the May term by order
of the court.
Approved, February 12,1864.
Chap. IX.—An Act making an Appropriation
for rebuilding the Stable at the President's.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the sum of twelve thousand dol-
lars, or so much thereof as may be necessary, be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to cause the stable at the President's to be
rebuilt forthwith.
Approved, February 13, 1864.
Chap. Xr.—An Act amendatory of and supple-
mentary to an Act to provide Circuit Courts for
the Districts of California and Oregon, and for
other purposes,approved March third, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three.
Be U enacted by the Senate and Hoxise of Repre-
sentatives of Ike United Stales of America in Congress
assembled That the term of the circuit court of the
United States for the districts in California shall
be held in the city of San Francisco, in said State,
on the first Monday of February, and on the sec-
ond Monday of June, and on the firstMonday of
October, of each year; and in the city of Monte-
rey, in said State, on the first Monday of April,
and on the second Monday of August, and on the
firstMonday of December, ofeach year; and that
a term of said circuit court for the Stale of Oregon
shall be held at the city of Portland, in said State,
On the first Monday of January, and on the first
Monday of May, and on the first Monday of {Sep-
tember, of each year.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever the circuit judge is absent, or, from any cause,
is unable to hold a term of the circuit court as above
provided, it shall be the duty of the district judge
. of the district to hold such term. No term of the
circuit courtin one district of the tenth circuit shall
be deemed to be ended from the commencement of
a term in another district. A circuit court may be
held in the different districts at the same time.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the cir-
cuit judge of said tenth circuit may, at his discre-
tion, appoint special sessions of the circuit court,
to be held at the places "where the stated sessions
thereof are to be holder), as provided in this act,
by an order under his hand and .seal, addressed
to the marshal and clerk of said court, at least
fitteen days previous to the day fixed for the com-
mencement of such special sessions, which order
shall be published by the marshal in one or more
of the gazettes or newspapers within the district
where such sessions are to be holden. At such
special sessions it shall be competent for the said
court to entertain jurisdiction of and hear and
decide all cases in equity, cases in error, or on
appeal, issues of law, motions in arrest of judg-
ment, motions for new trial, and all other motions,
and to award executions and other final process,
and to do and to transact all other business, and
direct all other proceedings in all causes pending
in the circuit court, except trying any cause by
jury, in the same way and with the same force
and effect as the same could or might be done at
the stated sessions of such court. Atsaid special
sessions said court may also try and determine
all issues of fact in cases in which, by the stipula-
tion in writing of the parties, or their attorneys,
and filed with the clerk, a jury shall be waived.
Sec. 4. Andbeitfurther enactedyTUat the clerks
of the circuit courts for the district of California
shall be appointed by the circuit judge of the tenth
circuit. The appointment shall be in writing
under the hand and seal of the circuit judge,
and shall be filed in the clerk's office and entered
at large upon the records of the court. The cir-
cuit judge may revoke the appointment at any
time by filing m the office of the cleik a notice
in writing under his hand and seal, stating that
the^ippomtmentis revoked. The revocation shall
be entered on therecords of the court. The clerk,
before entering upon the discharge of his duties,
shall take the oath of office prescribed by the act
entitled "An act to prescribe an oath of office,
and for other purposes," approved July two,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and such oath
shall be indorsed upon his appointment. The
clerk shall also execute a bond to the United
States with two or more sufficient sureties in such
sum as the circuit judge may designate, condi-
tioned for the faithful performance of his duties,
in case of a vacancy in the officc of clerk, the
district judge shall have power to fill such vacancy
by appointment, which shall continue until an
appointment is made by the circuit judge.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
clerks of the circuit courts of the tenth circuit
shall have power to appoint one or more deputies,
who shall have the same authority, in all respects,
as their principal. The appointment shall be in
writing, and be signed by the clerk, and shall be
filed in his office and be entered at large upon the
records of the court. The clerk may revoke the
appointment of any deputy at will, by writing filed
in the office and entered upon the records. Each
deputy, before entering upon his duties, shall take
the oath of office proscribed by the act entitled
"An act to prescribe an oath of office, and for
other purposes," approved July two, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two. And such oath shall be
indorsed upon his appointment. The clerk may
take from each of his deputies a bond with sure-
ties for the faithful performance of his duties, but
the clerk and the sureties on his official bond shall
bu liable for all the official acts of each deputy.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That the
clerks of the circuit courts and district courts of
the United States for the districts of California
and Oregon shall severally be entitled to charge
and receive for the services they may perform
double the fees and compensation allowed by the
act entitled "An act to regulate the fees and costs
to be allowed clerks, marshals, and attorneys of
the circuit and district courts of the United States,
and for other purposes," approved February
twenty-six, eighteen hundred and fifty-three.
Sec. 7. And be it fwther enacted, That issues
of fact in civil cases may be tried and determined
by the said circuit court without the intervention
of a jury, whenever the parties or theirattorneys
of record file a stipulation in writing, with the
clerk, waiving a jury. Upon the trial of an issue
of fact by the court, its decision shall be given in
writing and filed with the clerk. In giving the
decision, the facts found and the conclusions of
law shall be separately stated. The review of the
judgment or decree entered upon such findings by
the Supreme Court of the United States upon ap-
peal or wntoferror shall belimitedtoadetermin-
ation of the sufficiency of the facts found to support
the judgment or decree entered, and to the rulings
of the court in admitting or rejecting evidence of-
fered, and in the construction of written documents
produced and admitted. The Supreme Court may
affirm or modify or reverse the judgment or decree
entered, or may, in its discretion, order a new
trial or further proceedings to be taken.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, Tljat a term
of the district court of the United States for the
southern district of California shall be held in the
city of Monterey, in said State, on the first Mon-
day of February, and on the first Monday of
June, and on the first Monday of October, ofeach
year; and a term of the district court of the Uni-
ted States for the northern district of California
shall be held in the city of San Francisco, in said
State, on the first Monday of April, and on the
second Monday of August, and on the first Mon-
day of December, of each year; and a term of the
district comt of the United States for the district
of Oregon shall be held at the city of Portland, in
the State of Oregon, on the first Monday of March,
and on the first Monday of July, and on the first
Monday of November, ofeach year.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, Thatsection
four of the act entitled " An act to provide circuit
courts for the districts of California and Oregon,
and for other purposes," approved March third,
eighteen hundied and sixty-three, and sections
four and five of the act entitled 4< An act to pro-
vide foi extending the laws and judicial system
of the United States to the State of California,"
approved September twenty-eight,eighteen hun-
dred and fifty, and all provisions of law inconsist-
ent wiih this act, be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Sec. 10 And be it further enacted, That this
act shall take effect on the first Monday of May,
one thousand ei^ht hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, February 19, 1864.
Ciiap. XII.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
" An Act for enrollingand calling out the Na-
tional Forces, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March third, eighteen hundred and six-
ty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
shall be authorized, whenever he shall deem it
necessary, duiing the present war, to call for such
number of men for the military service of the
United States as the public exigencies may re-
quire.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
quota of each ward of a city, town, township,
precinct, orelection district, orof a county, where
the county is not divided into wards, towns,
townships, precincts, or election distucts, shall
be, as nearly as possible, in proportion to the
number of men resident therein liable to render
military service, taking into account as far as
practicable, the number which has been pre-
viously furnished therefrom; and in ascertaining
and filling said quota there shall be taken into
account the number of men who have heretofore
entered the naval service of the United States, and
whose names are borne upon the enrollment lists
as already returned to the office of the Provost
Marshal General of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if the
quotas shall not be filled within the time desig-
nated by the President, the provost marshal of
the district within which any ward of a city,
town, township, precinct, or election district, or
county, where the same is not divided into wards,
towns, townships, precincts, orelection districts,
which is deficient in its quota, is situated, shall,
under the direction of the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral, make a draft for the number deficient there-
from; but all volunteers who may enlist after the
draft shall have been ordered, and before it shall
be actually made, shali be deducted from the
number ordered to be drafted in such ward,town,
township,precinct, orelection district, or county.
And if the quota of any district shall not be filled
by the draft made in accordance with the pro-
visions of this act, and the act to which it is an
amendment, further drafts shall be made, and
like proceedings had, until the quota of suchdis-
trict shall be filled.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That any
person enrolled under the provisions of the act
