722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
upon Congress. The laws of the United States
are as much in force here t\s they are in the States.
The only difference between the two is that here
they are more extensive than they are in the States.
The whole here, local and general, is with Con-
gress; but the principle is the same. If it is right
lhat the United States should support its own
criminal system in the States out of its own Treas-
ury, it is equally right, as it seems to me, that it
should support its own criminal system here out
of the/Treasury. But whether that bo true or not
in general, one thing seems to be very obvious,
and I submit it to the chairman, whether it would
not be better to let the bill lie on the table for a
while at least, in order that we may frame some
provision by which these localities shall not be
required to pay the whole expense.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think they pay any.
That is the difference between the Senator and
myself.
Mr. JOHNSON But I assume now that I am
right; that if this bill passes, they will at oncc be
compelled to pay the whole expense. But sup-
pose it is not so. The chairman says he proposes
to change it so as to make the law operative. IIow
is that to be done? Merely by saying; that these
localities shall pay the expenses, and when the
law is changed according to his mode of provid-
ing for the expenses that will then be incurred, it
does not saddle the United States with any por-
tion of the expense. I submit, therefore, to my
friend, the chairman of the committee, that per-
haps he had better let the bill lie for a moment
until we can have an opportunity of examining it.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a pend-
ing amendment—the amendment reported by the
committee, which is open to amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. My amendment is to amend
that amendment by inserting after the words " and
the jail of said county,"jn the ninth line, the
words "when hereafter imposed by law."
I understand the committee did not intend to
impose the expense of the jail at present by this
bill upon the county; but the bill contemplates an
imposition of the expenses in part upon the county
by subsequent legislation. The Senator from
Maryland thinks that the bill does presently im-
pose the expense upon the county. To obviate
that difficulty this amendment is proposed, leav-
ing to future legislation to determine whether any
portion of the expenses shall be imposed upon the
county. If they tiro, then of course ihts bill fixes
the ratio; and that in all. With that explanation,
1 do not suppose it is objectionable.
Mr. JOHNSON. Th e proposed amendment
relieves the bill itself of one of the objections
which 1 stated, or rather makes the bill accom-
plish what the chairman of the committee says
was the object of the committee in drafting the
bill, makes it prospective; but it does notremove
the other objection. The other objection was that
it is not right, as I think, that the cities and county
should pay the whole of the expense of the jail.
This amendment only provides that when the ex-
pense is laid on them it is to be paid in the pro-
portion there stated, whatever you may impose.
You do not gay the United States shall pay any
part ofit. Whatever may be imposed in the fu-
ture. the whole of it is to he paid by these thiee
localities.
Mr. MORRILL. In that proportion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, the proportions are in
fifteenths,and you have got all the fifteenths named
here, and tiie city of Washington must pay so
many fifteenths.
^ Mr. MORRILL. We may say that the United
States shall pay one half and the county one half
of those proportions.
Mr. JOHNSON. But you do not say that. At
least I do not understand it so. I submit it to the
friends of the bill.
Mr, MORRILL. You will have to look at it
sharper.
Mr, JOHNSON. Well, I think this is sharp
on the locality. The bill, as proposed to be amend-
ed, will say, if we pass it in that form:
That from nn<! afterthe pa«sng«> of this act, the coiporate
authorities ol the city of Washington, lUe coiporate author-
ities of the city of Georgetown, and tins county authoiitics
of the county of VVa^lunjton, ii> tlN1 Diftriet of Columbia,
shall contnbute to the expenses of the levy court of the
county of Washington,incmred on account of the orphans'
court, the oflieo of coroner, and the jnsl of said county,
in the following proportions, to wit: the city of Washing-
ton twelve fiftf< nths, the city of Georgetown two fifteenths,
and the county of Washington one fifteenth of said ex-
penses.
That,according to my calculation, is fifteen fif-
teenths. Now, what is the'United States to pay r
If the Senate will consent to let the bill lie on the
table for a short time we can easily draft an amend-
ment to free it from the difficulties I have stated.
I have no objection to the bill at all, except that 1
wish to'guard this city and Georgetown against
what I think would be a very burdensome taxa-
tion. If the friends of the bill think that the Uni-
ted States should pay a portion of-it, then they
should provide what portion the United States is
to pay in this bill, instead of saying that the whole
fifteen fifteenths is to be paid by these three cor-
porations.
Mr. MORRILL. If I understand the bill, I do
not think it is obnoxious to the objection taken
by the Senator from Maryland. The committee
did not intend by this bill to impose any expense
on the county. They considered the question of
imposing a portion of the expenses of this jail
hereafter on the county, but did not provide for
it by this bill, but intended to provide for it by
another bill. They say, therefore, that whatever
expenses shall be imposed by law on the county
in regard to the expenses of this jail, that portion
shall be distributed among the cities of George-
town and Washington and the county in the pro-
portions named. Suppose that Congress should
say by a subsequent act that one half the ex-
penses of this jail shall be borne by the cities of
Georgetown and Washington and the county.
Then it would follow that the rates are simply
fixed by this bill; and that is all. The objection
that the Senator takes is, that the fifteen fifteenths
mentioned in this bill would necessarily make the
whole of the expense. That is ti uc; but that pro-
portion only applies to the sum which by subse-
quent legislation we shall fix for the cities and the
county to pay. For that reason 1 think the ob-
jection is not well taken.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It is very difficult for a
Senator coming f rom a distant State to understand
the laws of this District,and especially to under-
stand the measures coming from the Committee
on the Districtof Columbia, he not beingamem-
ber of that committee, and not having heard the
discussion on the .subject, and the reasons for the
proposed statute.
If the view submitted by the Senator who last
spoke be the correct one, if that be the correct
construction of this bill in its present frame, it
docs not require these three coi porations, the two
cities and the county, to pay fifteen fifteenths, but
only such proportion of the expenses as may
hereafter be levied for the purposes specified by
the bill, to be settled in some statute or act of Con-
gress hereafter. Then I suggest whether, if the
information I have received be true, the propor-
tions of the amount of the expenses of this levy
court, on account of the orphan court, the cor-
oner, and the jail, hereafter to be levied, are proper
and right.
I understood the chairman of the Committee
on the Districtof Columbia to say that hereto-
foie the practice had been to assess these taxes
according to population. My information is that
they have been assessed according to aiea, and
not accoidmg to population; and there is some
ptopiiety in that. Thia city is the Federal capi-
tal, and in subject to all the burdens which arise
from its peculiar character as well as the advant-
ages which it also derives from being the capital
of the nation. It has been the practice hereto-
fore, as I understand, to levy these duties accord-
ing to the area of territory, and not according to
the population, in order to equalize the burden,
and place it upon those who are better able to
pay it, and who in justice ought to pay this ex-
pense.
I understand that the proportion heretofore lias
boon one half upon the county and one half upon
the cities. 1 understand that the levy com t which
is to be authorized by this act to incur these ex-
penses is constituted in the propoi tion of live from
the county to iliree from the-city of Washington,
and one or two from the city of Georgetown. All
the public officers who have charge of these mat-
ters of ciLy and county expenses are appointed in
that proportion with a view to represent their re-
spective interests properly, and to have their re-
spective weight and influence in those boards. I
have always understood that taxation and repre-
sentation should go together, and h.tve heretofore
gone together; and yet in the bill before us we
have a proposition to assess twelve fifteenths of
the taxes on the city of Washington, and thiee
fifteenths on the county of Washington and the
city of Georgetown, although you give them at
least five out of the nine who compose the levy
court to incur these expenses.
It was with a view to state these facts that I
rose. I do not profess to be at all familiar with
the statutes heretofore on this subject, or to have
had an opportunity to look into and fully under-
stand the extent and drift of the proposed amend-
ment coming from the Committee on the District
of Columbia; but still it seems to me there is an
impropriety in changing the whole practice and
the whole system which has obtained heretofore
in relation to these questions and the raising of
these taxes. Therefore, as at present informed,
I shall be opposed to the amendment proposed by
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. GRIMES This is the first time that I
have ever heard that the original apportionment
was made between the cities of Georgetown and
Washington and the county according to their
geographical area. Since the Senator has been
speaking, I have been in conversation with the
mayor of Georgetown, who, I believe, is one of
the oldest inhabitants around here, and he tells
me the Senator from New Jersey is mistaken
about that, and it was originally made, as I had
supposed, according to population in these re-
spective localities. But if it had been made ac-
cording to geographical area, certainly it is time
we should change it, and make it, as it ought to
be, on population.
What are these expenses to be incurred for?
For the orphans'eouit? Would it be fair to tax
five thousand people in the county outside of
these cities one half as much as we tax the people
here in the city of Washington, where there is
such an accumulation of population and of wealth?
That is the proportion as it now stands. Would
it be fair to tax the eight thousand people in the
city of Georgetown one half as much as you tax
the sixty or seventy thousand people in this city?
Have they all as much business to be transacted
in the orphans' court, or half as much business
to be transacted in the orphans' court, us the peo-
ple of this city ? Have they got one half as much
as the people of this city to be adjudicated upon ?
Have they got one half as much of the ability to
pay fees as the people in this city have? And
for whose benefit is it that the coroner performs
his duties? Is he called to perform duties outside
the city of Washington to one half the extent
that he is within the city of Washington ?
As I said before, when the apportionment was
originally made it was comparatively fair. Our
predecessors thought they established it upon a
correct and just basis, because at that time the
city of Georgetown was neaily one half or quite
one half as large as Washington in population,
and there were about one half as many people in
the District outside of botli cities as there are
now; and hence they declared that each of the
two corporations, the county and Georgetown,
should pay one quarter each, while this city
should pay one half. Now, there has been such
an incioase of population and wealth here that
Washington is intrinsically worth twelve fif-
toernhs and has population twelve fifteenths as
compared with Georgetown, and the county two
fifteenths and one fifteenth. Even if it be true, as
the Senator from New Jersey suggests, that the
original^ basis was geographical extent, I appre-
hend it is time we should change that rule and
establish population as the basis.
Now let me say one word further, and I believe
it is all I shall have to say 011 this subject. It
was never the intention of the Committee oil the
District of Columbia to require by this lull that
the cities or any of those corporations should bear
any portion of these jail expenses. The sole pur-
pose of inserting the words " and the jail of said
county" in this bill was to prevent the necessity
of an appeal to Congress at every session for a
reapportionment of the expenses between these
respective corporations.
Some gentlemen may suppose it is a mere mat-
ter of amusement to be on the Committee on the
District of Columbia, where you have one hun-
