1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
dred thousand people about you, each one of them
having a different interest, each one of them trying
to promote his own interests, and some of them
peihaps not over-anxious that the interests of
other people should be promoted.
We sought to get rid of this kind of importu-
nity that we knew would be constantly addressed
to us at every session of Congress in regard to
this reapportionment of the expenses of the cities
and county. We merely inserted the words in
relation to the jail in order to prevent the neces-
sity, whenever Congress, if it should see fit here-
after to require that the cities and county in the
District sh ould pay a portion of the jail expenses,
of our going into a mathematical calculation or
to have a new census taken, or anything of that
kind, to determine the proportion of expense that
should be borne by each. Theamendmentof the
Senator from Maine obviates to my mind all the
objection thathas been taken by the Senatorfrom
Maryland.
The Senator from Maryland asks us to let the
bill lie on the table until an amendment can be
drawn which will require the county of Washing-
ton to pay only one half. I do not ask the county
of Washington to pay anything. I am not in
favor and am not prepared to vote to impose one
cent of taxation on the county of Washington to-
day in connection with this jail; and I do not
know that I shall be ready to do so this Congress.
There is, therefore, no necessity for laying the
bill on the table for that purpose. It may be
that some arrangement maybe hituponhereafter
between the representatives of the Government
in this Chamber and theauthorities of Washing-
ton, which will be agreeable to all, by which a
portion of this expense shall be thrown upon the
city, and let the city have control of the jail, as
I think it or some municipal authority'should
have. I think it would be for the benefit of us all.
Mr. JOHNSON. M ove to sti ike out the jail.
Mr. GRIMES. I have just said I only put it
in there for the purpose of preventing these im-
portunities coming to us.
Mr. JOHNSON. If those words were left in,
the apprehension I had was that this city, George-
town, and the county would be compelled to pay
the whole expense of the jail. 1 have no objec-
tion to the bit! as explained by the chairman and
by his associate on the committee, the Senator
from Maine. It is intended, I understand, to pro-
vide at once, in order to guard against importu-
nity and difficulty in the future, that whatever
may he the expense, however incurred and upon
whomsoever they may he levied, they shall be
borne in the proportions here stated. As I un-
derstand the chairman he does not propose by
this bill to make the District pay any portion of
the expenses now being incuned to support the
jail.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. That being the case, I do
not sec why he has put the jail in at all. Let us
strike that out, and when we come to provide
hereafter by another bill for the manner in which
the expense of the jail can be supported, we can
provide that it shall be supported by these cities
in the proportion of a half ora third or whatever
it may be, and have no importunity about it.
Mr. GRIMES. Then we shall have this old
question of fixing the rates between the respective
propoi tions over again.
Mr. JOHNSON. There will be no difficulty
about that, because, according to the Senator's
view, this bill would not fix the rates unless we
meant to throw the whole burden on the District.
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose we pass a law here-
after that one half of all the expenses of the jail
shall be borne by the levy court and one half
by us.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then you would have to state
it in the propoi tion stated m this bill. That you
can do just as well if you leave the jail out of this
bill altogether. It docs not answer any purpose
that I see, and if the Senator has no objection I
will move to strike out all relating to the jail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER", (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question now is on theamend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Maine to the
amendment of the committee. The motion to
strike out will be in order when the amendment
of the committee is peifected.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the committee as
amended.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Did the Sen-
ator from Maryland propose to move to strike
out the words "and the jail of said county?"
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggested to the chairman
of the committee that perhaps a difficulty that
may exist and will existsince this amendment is
adopted will be obviated by striking Out the word
"jail-" However, I will not move the amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed; and its title
was amended so as to read, A bill to apportion
the expenses of tlie levy court in the county of
Washington upon the basis of population.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 42) to enable guardians and committees of
lunatics appointed in the several States and other
countries to act within the District of Columbia;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 51) amendatory of and supple-
mentary to an act to provide cireuitcouns for the
districts of California and Oregon, and for other
purposes, approved March 3, 1863; and
A bill (H. R. No. 145) for the relief of the hens
of Noah Wiswall.
AMENDMENT OF ENROLLMENT AOT.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (S. No. 36) to amend an
act entitled "An act for enrolling and calling; out
ihe national forces, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 3, 1803, to submit a report, which
I ask to have considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That can be done
by the unanimous consent of the Senate. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mi. POWELL Has the report been read?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been lead.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 move that, the report be
printed. This is a very important question, which
we ought to understand. 1 should like to see what
legislation was done in the committee of confer-
ence about it.
Mr. WILSON. It is a matter of importance
to get this bill through as soon as possible, and I
do not think it is necessary to pnntthereport. It
is very plain, and it will be read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not question what
the Senator says about the importance attached
to this matter, but it is certainly quite as import-
ant that we should understand what is done, and
know that it is done as near right as possible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
the right to submit his motion. It is in order.
Mr] HENDRICKS. Then, sir, I will move
that the report of the conference committee, which
I see is very voluminous, be printed; and upon
that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and n<iys weie oideied.
Mr. POWELL. Before the vote is taken I will
suggest that this report is very long and on a very
important subject, and I think itought to be print-
ed. It can be printed and laid on our tables by
to-morrow moininir, and then when we have it
before us we can take it up and consider it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That, is but reasonable.
Mr. GRIMES. I was a member of the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the Senate,
and I will state to Senators that there is not any
material change, except iu two particulai s, in the
bill now proposed by the committee, from the
Senate bill as it passed here; and any gentleman !i
can comprehend them4on the mere reading of the j!
sections. In the House of Representativesasub- j
stitute was adopted for our bill, and that substi-
tute only dilFered from the Senate bill by the use
of two or three words in each section, or pet haps
two or three words in half a dozen places m each
section. For instance, the words "election pre*
cinct," to cover the case in the State of Maryland^
runs through half a dozen sections, and is incor-
porated into cach section in half a dozen places;
and that swells the report of the conference com-
mittee, [ suppose, two or three pages.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 will ask the Senator if the
report contains any reasoning why we should
concur or non-concur in the amendments? Is it
a reasoning report, or only a mere statement df
the facts?
Mr. GRIMES. It is merely showing where
the provisions of the Senate bill and where the
provisions of the House bill are adopted. The
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
is ready to explain it, 1 apprehend, when it is
called up.
Mr. POWELL. The fact that words are in-
serted in the text is the very reason why this re-
port should be printed. Let us have iuUI before
us, and then we can readily understand the mean-
ing that will be given by the change of those two
or three words. It is a matter of very grave im-
portance. The printing of this report will result
in very little, if any, delay. I have no doubt it
will expedite action upon it to have this report
printed and let ns all see what we are doing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope this report will
be printed. I do not like to vote on so important
a question as this under circumstances in which
I am not able to know exactly what I am voting
for or against. We print bills of ordinary im-
portance and interest before we are called upon
to vote on them; and although I would not ques-
tion a single word, as a matter of fact, that the
Senator from Iowa says, still we are not expected
to cast votes on what Senators may say is con-
tained in a bill. We ought to have an opportu-
nity of reading it before we are called upon to
vote on a question of such importance as this, ft
will not delay it long.
Mr. WILSON. I admit the importance of the
bill; but we are approaching the 1st of March,
and it is of great importance that the bill shall be
passed as soon as possible. The Senate passed
a bill of twenty-eightsections. That bill went to
the House of Representatives. The House struck
out four of these sections, and added three of their
own, and made more or less modifications in
twenty-thiee sections of the Senate bill, which
they moved as an amendment to the bill itself.
Theiramendments were generally improvements,
and have been concurred in in the Senate bill.
The bill as reported back is substantially the bill
passed by the Senate with these slight modifica-
tions. There are one or two sections of the bill
—one especially, the last section, I think, of the
House bill—in which there have been modifica-
tions by the committee; but they are very plain,
and can be comprehended at once. I do not think
there will be any difficulty in understandingthem.
I think we had better have the report of the com-
mittee read and acted upon. I do not see the ne-
cessity of printing if.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator whether the amendments adopted by the
House of Representatives have ever been printed
in this body ?
Mr. WILSON". Yes, sir. The bill,asamended
by the House of Representatives, came up here
for consideration, and was printed and laid on
our tables.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senator is
mistaken about that.
Mr. WILSON. We had the printed bills be-
fore us m the confeience committee. Each mem-
ber had a copy.
Mr, HENDRICKS. I suppose that was the
House print. I have not seen any Senate print.
There may have been one, though I think not. I
will ask the Chair about that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then the part I desire
printed now is the report of the committee of con-
ference.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 11, nays 25; as follows:
YEAP—Buckal^u, Cat Hie, t>a\i>«, Hat (ling,
Hendricks Johnson, Nesmitli, Powell, Riddle, Saulsbury,
and Wright— li.
NAYfc>—Messrs,. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Colfamer,
Conne&s, Cowan, Dixon, i'o^aenden, Foster, Grimes, Har-
lan, Harris, Uowuid, Ilowe, Lane of Kansas, ftloigan, Mor-
rill, Ramsey. Sumner, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Wade,
Wilkinson, Willey,and Wilson—-25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
