1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong.... 1stSess.
for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
arid for other purposes, approved March third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, or who may
be hereafter so enrolled, may furnish, atany time
previous to the draft, an acceptable substitute,
who is not liable to diaft, nor at the time in the
military or naval service of the United States,
and such person so furnishing a substitute shall
be exempt from draft during the time for which
[such^substitute shall not be liable to draft, not
exceeding the time for which such substitute
shall have been accepted.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That any
person drafted into the military service of the
United States may, before the time fixed for his
appearance for duty at the draft rendezvous,fur-
nish an acceptable substitute, subject to such
rules and regulations as may be prescribed by
the Secretary of War. That if such substitute
is not liable to draft, the person furnishing him
shall be exempt from draft during the time for
which such substitute is not liable to draft, not
exceeding the term for which he was drafted;
and if such substitute is liable to draft, the name
of the person furnishing him shall again be placed
on the roll, and shall be liable to draft on future
calls, but not until the present enrollment shall
be exhausted; and this exemption shall not ex-
ceed the term for which such person shall have
been drafted. And any person now in the military
or naval service of the United States, not physically
disqualified, who has so served more than one year,
and whose term of unexpired service shall not at
the time of substitution exceed six months, may
be employed as a substitute to serve in the troops
of the State ill which he enlisted; and if any
drafted person shall hereafter pay money for the
procuration of a substitute, under the provisions
of the act to which this is an amendment, such
payment of money shall operate only to relieve
such person from draft in'filling that quota; and
his name shall be retained on the roll in filling
future quotas; but in no instance shall the ex-
emption of any person, on account of his pay-
ment of commutation money for the procuration
of a substitute, extend beyond one year; but at
the end of one year, in every such case, the name
of any person so exempted shall be enrolled again,
if not before returned to the enrollment list under
the provisions of this section.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That boards
of enrollment shall enroll all persons liable to
diaft under the provisions of this act, and the
act to which this is an amendment, whose names
may have been omitted by the proper enrolling
officers; ail persons who shall arrive at the age
of twenty years before the draft; all aliens who
shall declare their intentions to become citizens;
all persons discharged from the military or naval
service of the United States who have not been
in such service two years during the present war;
and all persons who have been exempted under
the provisions of the second section of the act
to which this is an amendment, but who are not
exempted by the provisions of this act; and said
boards of enrollment shall release and discharge
from draft all persons who, between the time of
the enrollment and the draft, shall have arrived at
the age of forty-five yeais, and shall strike the
names of such persons from the enrollment.
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That any
mariner or able or ordinary seaman who shall be
drafted under this act, or the act to. which this is
an amendment, shall have the right, within eight
daysaftei (he notification of such draft, to enlist
in the naval service as a seaman, and a certificate
that he has so enlisted being made out, in con-
formity with regulations which may be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Navy, and duly presented
to the provost marshal of the district in which
such manner or able or ordinary seaman shall
have been drafted, shall exempt him from such
draft: Provided, That the penod for which he
shall have enlisted into the naval service shall not
be less than the period for which he shall have
been drafted into the military service; Jind pro-
vided farther, That the said certificate shall de-
clare that satisfactory proof has been made before
the naval officer issuing the same that the said
person so enlisting in the Navy is a mariner by
vocation, or an able or ordinary seaman. Arid
any person now in the military service of the
United States who shall furnish satisfactory proof
that lie is a mariner by vocation or an able or or-
dinary seaman may enlist into the Navy under
such rules and regulations as may be prescribed
by the President of the United States: Provided,
That such enlistment shall not be for less than
the unexpired term of his military service nor for
less than one year. And the bounty money which
any mariner or seaman enlisting from the Army
into the Navy may have received from the United
States, or from the State in which he enlisted in
the Army, shall be deducted from the prize money
to which he may become entitled during the time
required to complete his military service: Jind
provided further, That the whole number of such
transfer enlistments shall not exceed ten thou-
sand.
Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That when-
ever anysuch mariner or able or ordinary seaman
shall have been exempted from such draft in the
military service by such enlistment into the naval
service, under such due certificate thereof, then
the ward, town, township, precinct, or election
district, or county, when the same is not divided
into wards, towns, townships, precincts, or elec-
tion districts, from which such person has been
drafted, shall be credited with his services to all
intents and purposes as if he had been duly mus-
tered into the military service under such draft.
Sec. 9. Jind be it further enacted, That all en-
listments into the naval service of the United
States, or into the marine corps of the United
States, that may hereafter be made of persons
liable to service under the act of Congress enti-
tled "An act for enrolling and calling out the na-
tional forces, and for other purposes," approved
March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
shall be credited to the ward, town, township,
precinct, or election district, orcounty, when the
same is not divided into wards, towns, townships,
precincts, or election districts,in which such en-
listed men were or may be enrolled and liable to
duty under the act aforesaid, under such regula-
tions as the Provost Marshal General of the Uni-
ted States may prescribe.
Sec. 10. .find be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing persons be and they are hereby exempted
from enrollment and draft under the provisions of
this act and of the act to which this is an amend-
ment, to wit: such as are rejected as physically
or mentally unfit for the service, all persons act-
ually in the military or naval service of the United
States at the time of the draft, and all persons who
have served in the military or naval service two
years during the present war and been honorably
discharged therefrom; and no persons but such
as are herein exempted shall be exempt.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, Thatsection
third of the act for enrolling and calling out the
national forces, and for other purposes, approved
March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
and so much of section ten of said act as provides
for the separate enrollment of each class, be, and
the same are hereby, repealed; and it shall be the
duty of the board of enrollment of each district
to consolidate the two classes mentioned in the
third section of said act.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That any
person who shall forcibly resist or oppose any
enrollment, or who shall incite, counsel, encour-
age, or who shall conspire or confederate with any
other person or persons forcibly to resist oi;oppose
any such enrollment, or who shall aid or assist,
or take any part in any forcible resistance or op-
position thereto, or who shall assault, obstruct,
hinder, impede, or thieaten any officer or other
pel Sim employed m making or m aiding to make
such enrollment, or employed in the performance,
or ill aiding in the performance of any service in
1 any way relating thereto, or in arresting oi aiding
! to arrest any spy or deserter from the military
! service of the United States, shall, upon convic-
! tion thereof in any coui t competent to try the ot-
I fence, be punished by a fine not exceeding five
j thousand dollars, or by imprisonment not exceed-
j lug five years, or by both of said punishments, in
the discretion of the court. And in cases where
! such assaulting, obstructing, hmdeiing, or lmped-
j ing shall produce the death of such officer or other
I person, the offender shall be deemed guilty of
I murder, and, upon conviction thereof upon indict-
! merit in the circuit court of the United States
the district within which the offense wti? commit-
ted, shall be punished with death. And nothing
in this section contained shall be construed to re-
lieve the party offending from liability, tinder
proper indictment or process, far any crime
against the laws of a State, committed by him
while violating the provisions of this section.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War shall be authorized to detail or
appoint such number of additional surgeons for
temporary duty in the examination of persona
drafted into the military service, in any district,
as may be necessary to secure the prompt exam*
ination of all such persons, and to fix the com-
pensation to be paid surgeons so appointed while
actually employed. And such surgeons so de-
tailed or appointed shall perform the same duties
as the surgeon of the board of enrollment, except
that they shall not be permitted to vote or sit with
the board of enrollment.
Sec. 14. Jind be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War is authorized, whenever in his
judgment the public interest will be subserved
thereby, to permit or require boards of examina-
tion of enrolled or drafted men to hold their ex-
aminations at different points within their re-
spective enrollment districts, to-be determined by
him: Provided, Thatin all districts over one hun-
dred miles in extent, and in such as are composed
of over ten counties, the board shall hold their
sessions in at least two places in such district, and
at such points as are best calculated to accommo-
date the people thereof.
Sec. 15. Andbe it further enacted, That provost
marshals, boards of enrollment, or any member
thereof, acting by authority of the board, shall
I have power to summon witnesses in behalf of the
I Government, and enforce their attendance by at-
tachment without previous payment of fees, in
any case pending before them, or either of them;
and the fees allowed for witnesses attending under
summons shall be six cents per mile for mileage,
counting one way; and no other fees or costs
shall be allowed under the provisions of this sec-
tion; and they shall have power to administer
oaths and affirmations. And any person who
shall willfully and corruptly swear or affirm
falsely before any provost marshal, or board of
enrollment, or member thereof, acting by author-
ity of the board, or who shall before any civil^
magistrate willfully and corruptly swear or affirm
falsely to any affidavit to be used in any case
pending before any provost marshal or board of
enrollment, shall, on conviction, be fined not ex-
ceeding five hundred dollars, and imprisoned not
less than six months nor more than twelve months.
The drafted men shall have process to bring in
witnesses, but without mileage.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That copies
of any record of a provost marshal or board of en-
rollment, or of any part thereof, certified by the
provost marshal, or a majority of said board of
enrollment, shall be deemed and taken as evidence
in any civil or military court in like manner as the
original record: Provided,Thatifany person shall
knowingly certify any false copy or copies of such
record, to be used in any civil or military court, he
shall be subject to the pains and penalties of per-
il ju'sec. 17. And beitfurther enacted, That members
I of religious denominations, who shall, by oath or
i affirmation, declare that they are conscientiously
II opposed to the beaiing of arms, and who are pro-
li hibited fmin doing so by the rules and articles of
i| faith and practice of said religious denominations,
ii shall, when drafted into the military service, be
!! considered non-combatants,and shall be assigned
■| by the Secretary of War to duty ill the hospitals,
| or to the care of freedmen, or shall pay the sum
i! of three hundred dollars to such person as the
i! Secretary of War shall designate to receive it, to
11 be applied to the benefit of the sick and wounded
j! soldiers: Provided, That no person shall be enti-
!! tied to the benefit of the provisions of this section
^ unless his decimation oi conscientious scruples
■ I against bearing arms shall be supported by sat-
i! isfactory evidence that his deportment has been
f uniformly consistent with such declaration.
Sec. 18. Jind be it further enacted,That no per-
son of foreign birth shall, on account of alienage,
be exempted from enrollment or draft under the
provisions of tnis act,or the act to which it is an
