1864.
THE CONGEESSIO^AI,.&LOBB.
ing the following, to, come in before line forty-
seven, same section:
On pimento, black, white, red, or cayenne pepper, 20
crnts per pound j on ground pimento, o* pepper of all kinds,
2o cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. ,1 move to insert after line
forty-two the words " on nitrate of lead, 30 per
cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to. .
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert in line fifty-
one, page 30, "on santoine, $2 50 per pound."
The amendment was agreed to. '
Mr. HOLM AN. In line forty-seven, page 30,
I notice a duty of ten cents per gallon on crude
petroleum ana coal illuminating oil. Now 1 desire
to ask the gentleman from "Vermont whether any
. tax at all is imposed by the internal revenue bill
on these crude oils.
Mr. MORRILL. None at alt.
Mr. HOLMAN. The effect of the bill, then, in
this respect is to prohibit the importation of this
article, which is produced to a very large extent
in the States of Pennsylvania, Ohio, and West
Virginia. Inasmuch as the oil merely boils out
of the earth and is produced so cheaply, I take it
for granted that a duty of ten cents per gallon
would prove entirely prohibitory upon any im-
portation of the raw material. And as this oil is
used by all classes of people of this country in
the production of light,and itisanarticleofprirrie
necessity, particularly in view of the fact that the
price of petroleum is rapidly increasing, it seems
to me unwise that we should fix a duty upon this
raw material.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
to the gentleman from Indiana that no remarks
are in order unless he moves an amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out from the bill as follows:
On petroleum and coal illuminating oil, crude, 10 cents
per gallon.
Now, sir, here is a provision imposing a duty
of 30 cents per galfon on refined coal oil, .which
of course is absolutely prohibitory. When the
oil is obtained at so little cost and is easily refined,
it is beyorul doubt impossible ever to import a
gallon with a duty of 30 cents per gallon, and
the duty of 10 cents on the crude oil will also
prove prohibitory; so that as far as this article is
concerned it destroys the argument that this bill
is a bill for revenue, for you cannot obtain rev-
enue to the extent of one cent so far as coal oil is
concerned. In behalf of the interest of the great
mass of the people of the country, therefore, I ob-
ject to this duty upon crude illuminating coal oil.
I desire to say, also, in the same connection,
that this is an article which is exported from this
country to a very large extent; so that if this duty
is to be levied a drawback must be provided for.
Jt does seem to me that the peculiar interests of
Pennsylvania are sufficiently protected by this
bill, and in respect to these aiuclcs of domestic
production which are obtained so cheaply, and
the price to the consumer of which is so lapidly
rising, we are not called on in this manner to in-
crease the fortunes of the men who have made
them, not in regular business transactions, but
from their foitunate discoveries of oil.
Mr. MORRILL. I presume the gentleman
from Indiana is not yet satisfied with the reci-
procity treaty, and wants to give the Canadas a
little further advantage. I do not expect, Mr.
Chairman, that the Government will derive much
revenue fiom the importation of this article, what-
ever may be the rates of duty. So far as I am
concerned, I do not object to reducing the duty
to 5 ccnts a gallon, nor do I care paiticularly if
the duty is excluded altogether. The kind of
coal oil produced in Canada is a much inferior
article to that which is produced in this country;
it makes a much poorer light, has a more offens-
ive odor, and cannot come into competition with
American petroleum to any considerable extent,
with or without duty. But gentlemen must
recollect that this article can be produced from
Nova Scotia coal, and that it can be brought in
here in any quantity. I take it for granted, there-
fore, that there should be some duty placed upon
it, and I hope that some duty will be imposed
upon it.
Mr. A. MYERS. I move to make it " 15
cents/' The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] says that tlje price of petroleum is going up
rapidly. Very likely that is true, tf that be true
it is important we should have some tariff on that
which may come in from other countries, although
it may be as bad smelling as that from Canada.
The pretty high price may induce that garlicky
stuff to come over and offend the .nostrils of our
loyal people, and I think that there should be
some tariff on this;article. The gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] has hH.fheinaii on tbtf
head. In. the British provinces they have coal
lapds and they can maRu&ctyfe oil ata-lpw rate,.
For these reasons 1 think that the duty is not a
cent too high. I now withdraw iny amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Holman's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to strike o,ut" lO^'and
insert "5."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL moved, to insert the following:
On sait In *aek&, barrels, or other packages, 26 cents per
hundred pounds.
On salt m bulk, 20 cents per hundred pounds.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
1. On annntto seed, extract of annatto, aniline, crude b«t-
rytes^Tiitiate of, clifFstonr, earmhmd,indigo,extract of *af-
flovver, finishing powder,gold ^lze and patent size, ijielvel,
cobalt, oxyd ot cobalt, smalt, and zaffic, 20 per bent, ad
valorem; tori a alba and washing ory.-taln, 20 per cent, ad
■valorem.
Mr. MORRILL moved to insertlaftor fc'he word
u indigo" these words, " crude pica."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Cleik read, as follows:
On albumen, n>he<?to<;, a^phaltum, croons coleotlra,
bone or ivorydiop blftclc, mincxido, ro>e. n d, ultramarine,
Indian red, and Spanish brown, 25 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL moved to insert after the
words "crocus colcoura" the words "blue or
Roman vitriol, sulphate of copper."
The amendment was agreed to. ,
Mr. THAYER. I move to strike out the words
" nickel, cobalt, oxyd of cobalt" in the preceding
paragraph, and to add the words " on nickel, co-
balt, and oxyd of cobalt, -50 per cent, ad valo-
rem,."
Mr. .Chairman, the business of manufacturing
nickel, cobalt, and oxyd of cobalt, is entirely a
new one in this country. Until recently these
metals have not been produced in this country at
all. Latterly, however, and before the passage
of the law repealing the nickel coinage, manufac-
turers m my State in some localities hud entered
very largely into the business of extracting nickel
from the ore, a difficult, nice, and expensive pro-
cess; and having invested m that business a pretty
large sum of money, I think that they ought to
be encouragcd. The manufacture will be broken
up unless this duty is imposed, for then every
pound of these articles will be imported from
abroad. I hope that my amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, no such du-
ties are proposed on any other article in this bill.
It is particularly objectionable so fair as nickel is
concerned. Nickel lias heretofore only borne a
duty of 10 per cent. It is largely used in the
manufacture of German silver and argentane, and
if the amendment be adopted it will be destiuc-
tive of that manufacture. I hope that the House
will not make the duty so high in this instance.
Mr. STEVENS. I move toamend theamend-
ment so as to make it 51 per cent., and I do so
for the purpose of saying a woid. 1 hope that
the duty on nickel will be increased. By doing
away with the nickel coin these nickel miners
have lost their chief customer, and unless this in-
terest is protected these nickel mines will fail. 1
hope, therefore, that my colleague's amendment
will be adopted. 1 withdraw my amendmentto the
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. If this nickcl manufacture
could be sustained under a duty of 10 per cent,
with the United States as a customer, I think it
can be sustained with 20 per cent, duty without
the United States as a customer. Although I
voted against ihc change in the ingredients of the
smaller coin of the country, 1 am not willing to
vote this as a compensation, because we do not
use nickel any longer in our coinage. 1 think it
would be extravagant, and 1 truat we shall not
vote for it. Thete is but one establishment, in
.this country, so-far Lam informed* that,pro-
duces this article, and while I am willing to do
ample justice to that establishment, I think ttajt
to increase the duty beyond .twice what it is now*
would be going a little too far.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my a.mendm£nj
to the amendment. , , ; {
Th^ arnendment was not agreed tov,' *
Mi\ WARD. I fnove to amend on page 31,
Iiae-sixty*, by reducing the duty on oxyd of zinc,
dry or ground? in- oil, from cents per. pouj*d to
1 centk My reasons are that the duty-proposed
by the bill i&51per cent, ad valorem* an-increase
•of nearly 300 percent, over that leviediunderlie
bill for 1861. This would make the price of the
oxyd of zino ll.$4 cents per pound in the prescftt
currency, while the current price orquio.tatton of
the day for.American zinc is froax to 1\ cents.
The Belgian ,zi,ne will therefore, at a duty of 25
per cent., be 70 per cent, higher than the Ameri-
can. Therefore there-will be no injurious cpm-
petitlon, and a revenue wfU be derived from thip
source. But if the proposed duty of 2^ cents be
imposed, no importation will exist, and of course
there will be no revenue to the Government. My
impression is that this rate is entirely tod high,
arrd that chore is danger it will amount to a proh-
ibition. I have moved to reduce it to 1 cent per
pound, but I'would accept 1| cent.
Mr'. STEVENS. If the gentleman will say
2 cents, perhaps that will be a sufficient duty.
Mr. WARD. I will m'odify my amendment
and make it 2 cents. /
Ihe amendment, as modified, was agreed to^
• Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after line
sixty, page 31, the following:
On articles not otheiwke provided for, made of gold,
silvt-r, German silver, or platina, or of* which either, of those
metals shall be a component part, 40 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after the
last amendment, " on watches, gold or silver,
25 per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. BROOKS. Does the gentleman suppose
tha^yaluable gold watches will stand so high a
duty"? Who is going to buy such watches in
New York when he can buy them so much
cheaper just across thfe line?
Mr. MORRILL. I know the wonderful fa-
cilities there are for smuggling these aitides, and
the great temptation. I doubt very much whether
we can obtain any more revenue from them at
this rate than we do under a duty of 20 per cent.,
which is the present rate. But it was the vote of
the committee that we should raise it. We shall
collect 5 per cent.-internal duties of American
manufacturers of watches, and it is theoretically
fair to increase the tariff to that extent.
Mr. BROOKS. I am sure it will not yield any
more revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after the
last amendment the following:
On wood ponctb filled with lead or other inatenals, 50
cents pei gro^s, and in addition theicto 25 per cent, ad
valorem•
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend section twelve
by striking out of line three the word " 50" and
inseiting " 75" in lieu thereof, so as to make the
duty on the articles mentioned 111 that section 75
per cent.
Oil a division, no quorum voting,
Mr. PRICE withdrew the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend on page
31, in line seven, by striking out " artificial flow-
ers" and inserting "artificial and ornamental
feathers and flowers, or parts thereof," so as to
bring all those articles into the list of articles pay-
ing 50 per cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRIGGS. I move to amend by inserting
I after the word "gmger," in line nine of section
I twelve, the words " crude,ground," so as to sub-
[ jeet ginger in that state to the same tax that we
j impose upon preserved or pickled ginger.
I Mr.'MORRILL. 1 suppose the gentleman's
! object is to obtain more revenue fiom the article;
I but by his amendment we should not get half as
j much as we now get.
I Mr. DRIGGS. Then I understand the duty
! on tins crude and ground ginger is not changed
! at all.
