1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
crew claiming the prize had, before the taking,
some smaller interest in the subject-matter, that
would not defeat the absolute ownership as prize.
From this course of reasoning, it is apparent
that if, or rather when, we conquer the rebels we
will have unlimited power over them and all their
property, and, therefore, the right to pass the bill
in question cannot be disputed. That we may
kill them is conceded by their friends, who claim
for them the benefits of the Constitution; we may
therefore do with them anything less than that.
That we may cede their lands to a foreign Power
is conceded by those who wish to treat with their
leaders; -we may therefore do with their lands
anything less than that. Our powers are large
enough for all purposes, and the whole question
becomes one of mere expediency. What ought
we to do ? For the good of the country, for the
good even of the rebels themselves, for the cause
of humanity and civilization, what ought we to
d'O? The God of battles has placed in our hands
powers for good or evil larger than were ever ex-
ercised byany people since the downfall of Rome.
May the God of justico and of mercy enable us
to wield those powers aright. The fearful re-
sponsibility is upon us. Let us assume it with
the full consciousness that we shall have to answer
for its exercise.
What shall we do with these eight million
prisoners of war when they shall have surren-
dered without condition? I say eight millions,
because they are all belligerents, old and young,
male and female, black and white, willing and
unwilling; and when subdued will all be prison-
ers of war. What shall we do with them > Our
ancestors some centuries ago would say, Enslave
them. They themselves will not dispute our
right to do this, since their claim to their biped
chattels, so far as it does not depend upon
private stealing, depends upon the war power.
Those biped chattels are mere prisoners of
war, not yet exchanged or surrendered. But shall
we make slaves ol the rebels? Ask our holy
religion, which teaches us to do as we would be
done by. Ask the civilization of the nineteenth
century, which has turned loose the bondmen of
the West Indies and the serfs of the Old Woild.
Ask the fr.unei s of our Constitution, who refused
to profane their lips with the utteianec of the
word or their pens by writing it. Wewillawait
no answer. We will not enslave them. But by
our duty to ourselves under the high responsi-
bility put upon us; by our duty to our Creator,
who made of one flesh all the nations that dwell
upon the face of the earth, we will not let them
any more enslave one another. Every considera-
tion of justice and humanity forbids our making
slaves of the wilting participants in this unholy
crusade ngunst human rights; and we will never
consent that the unwilling participants shall be
reenslaved. The last blow before the final vic-
tory shall strike the shackles from the last slave;
anil when these prisoners of war shall beset free,
they shall all be set free.
This result, is simple, reasonable, and logical.
Prisoners of war can hold no prisoners; slaves
can own no slaves. The right of conquest ab-
sorbs all piior rights of conquest existing in the
conquered. The act of conquest puts all its vic-
tims upon equal footing, and setting them free
docs not reinstate any former rights of conquest.
Some complaint has been made of the proc-
lamation of the President inviting the loyal cit-
izens of the country reclaimed to organize State
governments for the purpose of becoming again
component and active parts of the Union. It is
said that the issuing of that proclamation is a
usurpation of power which belongs to Congress
alone. I see no ground for this ciiticism upon
the act of the Executive. The question appears
to me to be one not of power but of policy.
There is 110 uniformity in the mode by which
members have been admitted into the family of
States. Some have been oiganized by a movement
wholly independent of the General Government
and admitted with such organization by subse-
quent act of Congress. Others, and the greater
number, have been organized by virtue ofenabling
acts passed befoiehand and providing fortheir sub-
sequent admission. An actof Congress is neces-
sary to the full admission and recognition of the
new member, but whether it precedes or follows
the action of the people of the State is immaterial
except as a question of policy.
Now, the proclamation is simply Sir invitation
to the people to organize governments, and a
promise to protect them in so doing by the war
power. If the plan be accepted and carried out,
the next step will be an act of Congress ratifying
the action of the people and admitting the £&:ate.
On the other hand, the bill before us is,itr a part
of its scope, an enabling aet, providing for organ-
izing governments and admitting States. In the
former case the act of Congress is intended to be
subsequent, in the latter precedent, to the actio-n of
the people. Neither of these plans can-'be said to
be right, to the exclusion of theother. Both1 we
right, and if it were not that an act of Congress
is necessary for providing temporary govern-
ments somewhat in the nature of territorial gov-
ernments, there would be no great difference upoti
the ground of policy between the two modes.
It is not pretended that the proclamation of the
President can admit a State formed out of terri-
tory conquered or acquired in any other manner.
That document expressly guards against such
construction, by denying all-attempt to give the
State organized under it any right to participate
in the law-making power. Conquered territory,
in the absence of a treaty fixing the status of the
people, is held simply by the war power. To
govern it in any other way than by mere military
force, requires the aet of the supreme civil author-
ity of the conqueror. It is precisely such an act
that we are now considering, and proposing to
precede the action of the people, and it is pre-
cisely such an act that the proclamation contem-
plates to follow the action of the people. As there
is no real want of harmony between the President
and the ruling power in Congress, let there be no
seeming want of harmony between them.
Some gentlemen, otherwise sufficiently devoted
to the cause of the country, have their efforts
paralyzed by a fear lest the negro shall somehow
be benefited by the result of passing events.
They probably underrate their capacity to com-
pete in ail even race with the despised African;
but it is fair to lot them judge of their own abili-
ties. , This is not in very good keeping with the
reiterated assertions of the inferiority ofthe black
race made by the same men. It is one of those
inconsistencies of human nature not easily to be
explained. Either their fear of the rivalry of
the negro, in an open field, is assumed, or their
professed opinion ofhisinferiority isputon to hide
their cowardice, as we affect to undervalue most
the opponent of whom we are most afraid.
There is only wanting a little more moral and
physical courage to make these men patriots;
and when we shall have satisfied them that no
serious consequences will he allowed to1 result
from any supposed mental or physical superior-
ity of the negro, we may count them on the side
of the country. In the mean time their natural
timidity will at least render them harmless.
Time will either show, on the one hand, that the
negro is not better than they, or, on the other,
will stimulate them, by means of his rivalry, to
still greater exertions in the direction of human
progress, in order that he may not transcend
them.
One fact simply stated ought to remove all fear
of dangerous competition on the part of the
negro. He is the man of the tropics, and is only
kept in the temperate zone by force. Acting
under well-known lawsof climate, his tendency
is constantly southward. Therefore it is that the
ftee blacks of the South remain in the slave
States wherever they are not driven North by
penal laws. Therefore it is that the free blacks
of the North reside mainly along the southern
border of the free States. This fact is significant.
Remove the barrier of slavery, and within the
term of those now living there will be no negroes
north of the Potomac.
The aversion against the negro is not a mere
unamiable prejudice, as might be supposed by
those who have only seen diversity of races as
it exists in America. The same aversion is seen
wherever distinct races are brought into contact
in any part of the world; and it serves, among
other causes, to keep up the distinctions of race.
In whatever way we account for these distinc-
tions, whether by original creation or by gradual
changes since, they are the work of the Creatoi,
and were designed for the good of the human
family.
We might naturally expect to find some pro-
vision rrtadb for keeping up what'it pleased' di-
vine Power to create; and we would asnatutfall^
look for th'at provision' among the instincts ana
propensities of the individuals to be affected by
it. Turning then to test Our ct priori reasoning,
we find this instinct 6f repulsion'wHer^vef dis-
tinct races are brought into dangerous proximity
The conclusion is almost-irresistible that nature
intended itforthe purpose it mainly silbseifvos. I
therefore state the following propositions:
1. The instinctive repulsion between distinct
raceS of men when brought into'proximity is a
provision of nature to guard against their inter-
mixing- and so destroying their purity.
2. This repulsion does not exist in the ilnami-
able and selfish form common in America Unless
there is actual intermixing; and then it is always
most manifest in those most engaged in the busi-
ness.
Nature does- not intend distinct races to hate
one another; she only intends them not to intefr
mild. Rut if they cannot otherwise be kept from
intermixing, she makes them hate one another.
She will not let a person engaged in violating lier
decree'in this respect even keep his own secret.
She malrts him at tire same tirtie condemn his
vice by condemning the like vice' of his neigh-
bors, and betray it by exhibiting the evidence
and the consequence of it, his instinctive aversion
toward the opposite race.
I believe in the universal brotherhood o'f nianj
the result of descent from a common ancestdr;
and I believe the diversity among men has arisen
from causes which have operated from the be-
ginning and are still operating, producing still
greater divergence; causes designed to adapt man
to the widest range of climate, food, and othef
circumstances, so that he may in some forai of
other inhabit the entire earth.
Within a certain limit of divergence, intermix-
ture has been found to be advantageous, as be-
tween the various branches of the Teutonic family.
Beyond that limit it is prejudicial, producing off-
spring lacking vital or reproductive energy, as
between the European and African or Indian.
Nature interposes her prohibition at the ultimate
point of advantageous intermixture; and if her
prohibition is not observed she remonstrates still
further by causing the erring individual to hate
alike his vice and those- who aid him.in it.
Now, if my theory be sound, we would expect
to find the repulsion strongest where it is most
needed, where Ihe danger of intermixture is most
imminent;and this is really the case. The Celt,
from some unexplained peculiarity,has agreater
tendency than the Saxon to intermingle with in-
ferior races. Contrast the Celtic colonies of Mex-
ico and South America with the'Saxon colonies
now forming the United States for proof of this.
And accordingly we find the aversion to the negro
much more manifest in the Celtic mind than in
that of the Saxon.
Again, the southern Democrats have always
exhibited this aversion to the negro in a high de-
gree. They have even paraded it with a shame-
less effrontery before the public, as if proud of
the evidence of their vices. Yet, as ihe social
histoi y of our country will show, all this aversion
has been needed, and, indeed, has been even in-
sufficient to subserve the purpose for which na-
ture intended it.
if it be asked why the sympathizing Demociats
of the North, who are not brought so closely into
contact with the negro, exhibit the same strong
aversion, the answer is, first, they aio largely
Celtic; secondly, they imitate their southern con-
geners; and thirdly, some probable commingling
of races among them renders them peculiaily lia-
ble to miscegenation.
This instinctive aversion is frequently exhib-
ited by persons whose social position and Teu-
tonic appearance would seem to indicate little
occasion for it. But nature undeistands her own
business, and wherever that repelling instinct ex-
ists in a matkeil degree, it is not for us to say it
is not necessary.
Where opposing instincts are veiy strong, the
mind oscillates between them as one or the other
may be in the ascendent. Strong passions alter-
nating produce inconsistency of character, tender
the possessor impuNiveanduncertain in thought
and action. Bearing this ir. mind, observe the
true southern chevalier. What an alternate
I admirer and hater of the negro he is! How he
