THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be read.
The Secretary proceeded to road the report of
the committee of conference. After reading it at
some length he was interrupted by
Mr. WILKINSON. I voted against the print-
ing of that report before, and I now wish to make
a motion to reconsider that vote. I think it is abso-
lutely neeessary that that report should be printed,
that we may know what it is. If certain features
are in- that bill which 1 am told are in it, I shall
vote against it; Wut I want to know what the pro-
visions of thp bill are.
,. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota moves to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate refused to order the report of the com-
mittee of conference to be printed.
Mr. WILSON. I will state to the Senator that
all the changes in the bill arc contained in two
sections. We have here the printed bill, and the
sections are here with our modifications. We have
modified the section inserted by the House of
Representatives for enrolling and drafting colored
persons, and the Senator will see when we come
to it what that modification is.
The Senate provided that the commutation
money should be $400, and thai the name of the
person paying commutation money should go
back into the box. The House of Representatives
reduced that sum to $300, and required the name
of the drafted person paying commutation to be
added to the list, making htm again liable only
after everybody else had been drafted. That
seemed to be a bounty for the payment of money
and against the obtaining of soldiers. The com-
mittee of conference therefore consented to the
House amendment reducing the sum from $400
to $300, but provided that that should relieve the
person only for one year, instead of providing that
he should go back to the foot of the liyt. We
thought that would put him on an equality with
the man who procures a substitute, for he is not
discharged if his substitute becomes liable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not intend as a Sen-
ator to vote without understanding what 1 vote
for or against on an important measure if I can
help it; and I do not think it is the right of a ma-
jority to ask that of us. While it is not usual
to print reports from committees of conference,
because they geneially relate to but one or two
things and are very simple, relating Jo mere ques-
tions of disagreement between the two bodies,
yet when we have u report so voluminous as this,
reaching to almost every section of the bill, and
when a Senator says to the majority that upon
the reading of the report he is not sufficiently in-
formed to give that vote he desires to give upon
it, it seems to me but a reasonable tiling thatone
day should be given to the printing of the report,
that we may vote knowing what we are voting
for or uguinst. I think the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs can secure the passage
of his bill at an eaiher hour by allowing the re-
port to he printed than by denying it. It is but
a fair thing that is asked, and I think it ought to
be cheerfully conceded.
Mr. CONNESS. The proposition made by
the Senator from Indiana appears fun*on thefaee
ofit; but he can scaicely fail to see that it is not
only unusual but rather out of the line of prece-
dents. Tlie.se conference committees in legisla-
tive bodies are the meansof reconciling constantly
accruing difleienee.s between the two Houses;
and if a demand to print their leports when made
should be acceded to us a matter of courtesy, or
even of right, the Senator can hardly fail to see
how important legislation might be delayed and
finally lost. I have never heaid of such a course
in legislation.
If it were necessary in order that a Sciutor
might understand the points at issue before he
voted upon them, there would be some reason for
asking a change of the course which is not only
initial, but universally followed. Certainly the
measure now under consideration has been suffi-
ciently understood and debated by the press of the
country and in both Houses of Congress until
filmostuvery point of it is comprehended by every
peison in the land. The differences existing be-
tween the two Houses of Congress upon it have
been accommodated by this committee of confer-
ence, and to as!c for delay before a vote can he
tuken on the question of concurring or non-con-
curring scenic to me rather an extraordinary de-
mand. It would be the right ot the Senator,
and very properly, it appears to me, to call for
such a division of the question as to enable the
Senate to vote upon the separate propositions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That cannot be done.
The report must be taken as a whole.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well. Then it pre-
sents no difficulty to my mind; nor do I see any-
thing in this case that should call for a change
from the precedent that is a necessity in legisla-
tion,and that has been universally followed.
Mr. WILKINSON. Ifit were theclose of the
session the remarks of the Senator from Califor-
nia would be applicable and pertinent.
Mr. GRIMES. It is pretty near-the 1st of
March, though.
Mr. WILKINSON. But I do not see the ne-
cessity of urgingthe Senate to a vote to-day when
this motion, ifit prevails, will not detain the bill
more than a day. It will be printed to-morrow.
It is my opinion, with the feeling manifested by
some gentlemen on this floor, that if this matter
is urged to a vote to-night, no time will be gained
at all; for I do not believe Senators can get a vote
uponit. I think, therefore, it had betterbeprinted.
Mr. WILSON. It seems to me to be an un-
usual thing to print a report of this character,
and I thought and still think it of great import-
ance to get through with this bill to-day. Hut
Senators speak with some earnestness, not to say
feeling in the matter, and I certainly would not
like to adopt an illiberal policy of action here to-
ward anybody. From what has been said, and
the earnest manner in which it has been said, I
suppose wecan hardly hope to getthebill through
much sooner by pressing it than by yielding to
the wishes of Senators. I will yield, therefore, to
allow the report to be printed, with the understand-
ing that we shall have it to-morrow morning, and
shall take the vote upon it then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on reconsidering the vote by which the Senate
refused to order the report to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the motion to print the report.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The subject will
therefore be postponed until to-morrow; and the
Senate will return to the consideration of busi-
ness relating to the District of Columbia.
rUBLIC SCHOOLS IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 26) to provide for the*public in-
struction of youth in primary schools throughout
the county of Washington, in the Distiictof Co-
lumbia, without the limits of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown.
Mr. GRIMES. Without reading the original
bill, I suggest that the Senate proceed to consider
the amendment reported from the Committee on
the Dusti ict of Columbia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Unless some Senator calls for the
muling of the original bill the amendment re-
ported by the committee in lieu of the oiigtnal bill
will be lead.
The iSecietury lead the amendment of the com-
mittee, to strike out all of the original bill after the
enacting clause, and to insert the following in lieu
thereof:
That (lie school dairies in the county of Washington,
Di.-triet ot Columbia, without the hunts of the cities ol
Ha-hinglon and (ieoigetou n, sh.ill he and leuiiiiu as now
laid (low it accoiding to l:nv, Mihjeet to icvis ion and altera
tion !>v the levy eouitof said county, and that the school
commissioners now iu office shall be and remain so until
others .to- appointed.
2. And l/c ilfurther enacted^ That the levy court
<1mI1 annually, on the fust Monday in May, appoint one
person itoin each -ehool distiict a*4 a eoniuiissionei of pri-
mary M'hools, ol which appointment the cleik. of the levy
eomt t>h.*ll immediately not ily the peiMin so appointed; and
whenevei a vacancy shall occur in the boaid ol tan! com-
nji-Moner^. the levy iouit,as m>on a* may be thereafter,
-■hall fill the s:ini!\ and all appointment-* mad*' by or icso-
lutions of v;ud coiut concerning said commissioners shall
he foilhwith communicated by tiio cleikol said eointio
the eleik of the i.aul board ol'eommi-sionei-?; and each of
said coining lionets shall hold the office until a successor
ic appointed.
{Sec. 3. And he it further cnactcd, That each of the said
eonnnis-j<m<M< before he enters upon the execution of his
office, and within fiiieiii days attei notice ot bis appoint-
ment, -hall taUe and stilKeiihe befoie Mime ju-tiee o( the
peace oi ^atd < omsty the following oath : {il, ,
do olemnly -.vviirir (oi affirm, as the case may be,) that \
will, in all things, to the best of my knowledge and ability,
well and truly execute the tiust leposed in me as commis-
sioner of primary schools for the county ot Washington,
District ot Columbia, vv.thout prejudice and aecoiding to
law;" and every justice of the peace, before whom such
oath shall be taken, shall certify the same in wilting, and
within eight days theiealtertransmitordeliver&aid certifi-
cate to the clcik of the levy comt tor record-
Sec. 4. And be it f wither cnactcd. That the said commis-
sioners and their successor shall be a corpotation, under
the name and style of " the board of commissioners of
primary schools of Washington county, District ot Colum-
bia," with power to sue and be sued, and to take and hold,
in fee simple or otherwise, any estate, real or personal, not
prohibited by law, which may be given to or purchased by
the said board for primary school purposes, and may alien
and sell the same when, in the opinion of the levy court,
it will be for the advantage of the said primary schools so
to do; and all money in hand, alter defraying the whole
expenses of the several school districts at the end of each
school year, shall he invested in some safe stock in the
name ot said corporation, and in their corporate name may
piosccnte and maintain actions for injuries done to the
grounds, houses, furniture, or other property in their pos-
session.
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, That the said board of
commissioners shall nmke and keep a recoid of all its offi-
cial acts, and a strict and particular account of all moneys
directed to be paid, a statement of which, with the vouch-
ers relating thereto, as well as the record of the hoard, shall
be subject at all times to the inspection of the levy court ot
said county; and said jeeoid, or a copy thereof, eemfied
to be correct by any one of said commissioners, testified by
the signature of the cleik of said board, shall be evidence
of their acts m all piocecding*, judicial or otherwise; and
the said board bhall appoint a capable person as their clerk,
"(who may be one of their own members, or otherwise,)
prescribe his duties, and allow him a reasonable compen-
sation for his services.
►Sec. (5. And he it further enacted, That the said board of
commissioners shall hold stated meetings in Januaiy, April,
July, and October of each and every year, at such times
and places as they may appoint, and such other meetings
as circumstances may require; but if le*s than four mem-
bers attend at any one meeting no business shall be done,
except to adjourn to a future day; and at the stated meet-
ings in April and Oetobei the treasurer of the school funds
and the collector of taxes shall render in writing a full
statement of their accounts respectively for the next pre-
ceding half year.
Sec. 7. And he il further cnactcd, That the clerk of the
levy court of said county shall annually, on or be tore the
fir?t Monday in April, lurnish to the said boaid of commis-
sioners alphabetical lists ot the owners of property in each
school di-tuet, according to the last county assessment,
and tf statement of the total amount of pioperty assessed to
each owner, exhibiting the school tax thereon according to
the last levy made by the levy court for school purpose.-.
Src. 8 jind he it further enucted, That the said boaid
of eommissioueis shall have power annually (or as a va-
cancy may occur) to appoint one person in each school dis-
trict as trustee, of that distiict, who, with the commissioner
of such district, shall have charge of the local concerns of
the schools therein, and act in conceit with the board of
commissioners in canning out all the rules and regulations
ordained by the said board, and together may pcimit the
school-house or houses in their district to be used for pub-
lic worship, or for other put poses of general benefit to the
residents of the disti ict.
Sec. 9. And he it further enacted, That the said board of
commissioners shall' have power, and it shall be their duty—
Fint. To receive and dishutsc any fund which maybe
provided for the purchase of sites and the erection and sup-
port of primary schools in said county and district.
Second. To regulate the number of children to be taught
m each ot said schooN, and the price of their tuition.
Third. To select «uch teacher* as are competent, and to
fix their salaries and terms of service.
Fouith. To suspend or expel from any school, with the
advice of the commisMoncvs and trustees of the district,
any pupil who will not submit to the icasonable and ouh-
naiy rules of ordei and discipline therein.
Filth. To regulate and control the purchase and disti ibu-
tion of books, stationery, and other thing* neee^aiy tor
the u-e of said schools, andgenerally to prescnbe rules and
K'gulatioiH lot the management, good government,and well
oi denng olVaid school-?.
Sixth. To report to the levy court, at the close of each
•school year, the amount of all expenditures on account of
school-? in the sevetal districts duiing the pievious school
year, and the manner in which the same shall have been
expended, spceitying what portion and amount thereof has
been expended lor the services of teachers, and also shall
paiticnlaily set forth the numhet of pupih taught, and their
ai'eiage attendance and piogicss, and such other statistics
as the levy coin t may icquiic.
Seventh. To -.elect, purchase, or otherwise procure suit-
able sites for school-houses in each district, adopt plans,
and cause to be built, kept in repair, and munched, such
school-houses with necessary fuel, books, stationeiy, and
appendages, and to defi.iv the necessary oi contingent ex-
pcnM s of the board • Provided, That the pay of teachers
shall always have preference.
Eighth. Each commissioner shall bo entitled to receive
four dollar pel day for evejv dayhe shall attend a meeting
of the board and not ab-ent himself without permission,
and lour dollars per dav lor every day he shall serve on a
committee, and all di-buK-ements shall be made tbiouuh
the treasuiei of the school fund, on the draft of the presi-
dent and eleik of said boaid, diawn by oidcr of the said
hoard.
Sec. 10. Jind be it furthercnai ted, That, for the puipose
| of supporting said school^ and providing suitable sites,
i houses, and equipment" therefor, the levy court shall an-
i nuall), on the fust .Monday in Mai eh, impose and levy a
{ school tax not exceeding one fourth of one pui cent, on all
j the a^essod property of ^aul county without the limits of
; Washington and Georgetown owned by white persons;
