0:770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
affects fo despise the.poor chattel, even though the
poor chattel has undergone several rounds of the
bleaching process which a distinguished foreigner,
in the simplicity of his heart, was wont to attrib-
ute to climate. On the other hand, with what
devotion heelings to his negro when some north-
ern abolitionist maliciously suggests the idea of a
separation of the races. How he dotes upon the
patriarchal institution which ministers to so many
of his desires and appetites. How he shrinks
from all inquiry into his acts and motives upon
the negro question. AU thisis-plainly explicable
upon the hypothesis I have ventured to lay down,
and I think upon no other one.
It is not uncommon to hear gentlemen upon
this floor express the fear that the extinction of
slavery in America will be followed by an inter-
mixture of the races. This idea might be more
plausible if there were no intermixture where
slavery exists; but I have no fear of such result.
Nature has guarded against that in the manner I
have described. These gentlemen are probably
correct in their conclusions, arguing from then-
own stand-point. Every man judges human na-
ture by the specimen with which he is most fa-
miliar, that is to say, by himself. Let us counsel
them to cultivate the aversion they are so fond of
displaying. It is very possible they need it.
But let us remind them that the pure Teuton
shows little of that aversion, because he has lit-
tle tendency to mix with other races, and that
the ruling power in America, always largely Teu-
tonic, is at thir> time almost exclusively so.
We have nothing to fear from the negro. AH
we have to do is to render him such assistance as
he may require by reason of his intimate connec-
tion with the rebellion, but in the main to leave
him to himself. He is a creature of the tropics,
and if we are better than he in the temperate
zone, he is better than we are under the equator.
Among us he is an exotic, cultivated like a do-
mestic animal for the profit of his owner, and kept
from his natural habitat by the barrier of slavery.
The barrier is now being removed. This once
accomplished, the laws of climate will operate
upon him, slowly but suiely diawing him south-
waid as his place is supplied in the lie Id of labor
by steam and the skilled workman of the North.
Tropical America presents aland flowing with
milk and honey for the negro, though rank with
poison like the dew of the Upas to us. There his
ultimate lot will be cast; and there the selfishness
and cupidity of the white man cannot follow him.
There needs no legislation to separate the races
of Ameiica, no forced expatriation, no grand
scheme of colonization. As long as we need his
labor in the rice and cotton-fields we will retain
the negro by inducements sufficient to counter-
balance the disadvantages of climate. When we
cease to offer such inducements nature will pre-
sent hers, and lead him to the promised land.
This may he the woik of ages, but ages of free-
dom will be needed to wear away the marks of
bondage from a race, to develop the chattel into
a man.
The region inhabited by the negroes in Africa
extends fiom the tenth degree of north latitude
to the twentieth of south latitude. There is a
district of country in America, lying between the
same parallels, not unlike in any considerable
degree the corresponding region in the Old World,
flits country is sparsely inhabited by a daik
race, four filths of whom are of African descent
on one or both sides. It consists partly of high
lands in which the heat of the tropics is tempered
by the elevation, possibly to some extent habit-
able by the white man; and partly of rich valleys
teeming with all the luxuriance of tropical vege-
tation. These valleys demand cultivation at the
hand of man, but they invite only the black man.
The laws of climate forbid our entrance.
This country is twice as large as the United
States and Teiritories, and is pioductive beyond
all ot\r ideas of fertility. At the density of Eng-
land it is capable of sustaining a population of
twelve hundred millions, while at present fifteen
millions dispute the possession of some small
portions of it with the reptiles of its waters, the
birds of piey, and the wild leasts of its forests.
When I think how unaltciablt* is the Jaw of na-
ture winch shuts this gigantic field of enterprise
to us, I cannot help believing that the Almighty
intends this vast region for the negio's future
home. What an illustration it would add to those
alteady in the world's history, of good springing
out of evil, if a few ages hence should exhibit a
vast negro republic, a component part of the
United States of America, upon the banks of the
Amazon, subduing the wilds, substituting beau-
tiful gardens and cultivated fields for those im-
mense entangled forests, and putting in practice
the arts and sciences of civilized life acquired by
the negro during his long, laborious, and terrible
apprenticeship to the white man.
But in the mean time what shall we do with these
eight million prisoners of war when conquest shall
have reduced themtooneuniformlevel? We will
not kill them; we will not enslave them, nor let
them enslave one another. Conquest will leave
them without governments, without laws, and
without institutions. Our duty to them as well
as to ourselves requires us to govern them under
the right of conquest until they shall again be-
come able to govern themselves, and this the bill
under consideration proposes to do.
Much of the argument on the other side of the
question is based on the assumption that there
still exist States, component parts of the Union,
in full force and operation, withifi the territory
held by the rebels. This position is unsound.
Such States could only exist under governments
conducted according to the Constitution and laws
of the United States, and administered by officers
who acknowledge the supremacy of the Federal
Government, and who have sworn to support its
Constitution. Has South Carolina a Governor,
legislators, judges, and other officers necessary to
her existence as a State, who come within this
classification? Has she a single State or muni-
cipal officer, from her Governor down to the su-
pervisor of her roads, "who acknowledges the su-
premacy of the Federal Government or who has
sworn to support its Constitution? Has she a
single officer of any kind who is not claiming and
exorcising belligeient rights against the Federal
Government? There is a pretended State of South
Carolina, but the parties admimstei ing it are
usurpeis. They neither are nor claim to be offi-
cers of government ol one of the United States.
This is simply the statement of a well-known
fact, yet it is met with the outcry that it is ac-
knowledging the State to be out of the Union,
admitting the efficacy of the ordinance of seces-
sion, and granting the existence of the rebel or-
ganization at Richmond as a foreign enemy. We
are thus accused of conspiring with the rebels to
destroy the Government by disintegration. If
these conclusions were legitimate the fact would
not be alteied; but they are not. The whole
matter may be stated in a few words. The actof
treason makes a man a tiaitor. Levying war
against the Government and foicmgit to be Heated
as war makes lum a public enemy. A State held
and administered by traitors and public enemies
is not one of the United States. The act of seces-
sion had no effect whatever, but the art of treason
and the act of levying war produced the results
we see, not on the territory nor on our sover-
eignty over it, but on those committing or assent-
ing to the acts.
Possibly a State may not commit suicide, but
it may be seized by public enemies, or its exist-
ence as a State of the Union may be suspended
for want of legally constituted officers. If the
public enemies do not embrace the entire popu-
lation, when they shall be driven away, tho.su who
remain will be wholly unorganized, awaiting the
revival of the old or the establishment of new in-
stitutions at the discretion of the conquerer.
When the time shall come for the exercise of
this discretion, let us levive the old institutions
as far as we can with safety; but where change
is necessary for the good of the entiie country,
let us not hesitate to make it. As to the people,
let us discriminate os far as possible between the
willing and unwilling parties to the rebellion and
set the latter class fiee, with all their rights of
propo! ty restored, saving only the right to enslave
one another. This will dispose of all the negroes
and a very large pioportion of the whites. The
guilty remainder must be made to expiate their
offense in some degree. They should make some
atonement for their many thousand victims and
the immense treasure expended in thwarting their
designs. Confiscation of their p; opcity will go a
very little way toward this result; but it should
be unflinchingly enfoi ced against the more guilty.
There are indeed some of them who may well
feel themselves safer with the broad Atlantic roll-
ing between them and their outraged country.
Let them perform life pilgrimages to the tomb of
Arnold.
When all this shall be done we must await the
return of the inhabitants of the conquered dis-
tricts to theirallegiance; and in the mean timegov-
ern them for their own good by provisional gov-
ernments founded upon the right of conquest.
Their after destiny will depend upon themselves.
When they shall ask to participate in the Gen-
eral Government upon their former footing, and
shallexhibit State constitutions republican in form
in the full sense of the word, and shall satisfy us
that they can and will maintain them, they will
be welcomed back as erring and repentant breth-
ren, and the day of the return of the last wan-
derer will be celebrated in our country's future
with other days sacred to the greatness of our
country and to the civilization of the age.
The passage of this bill insures the downfall of
slavery in America. It carries into effect the proc-
lamation of the President freeing the slaves of
rebels; and the small remnant of the institution
left will disappear without even the formal abolish-
ing. I have earnestly labored that this most de-
sirable result should not influence my opinion.
I have endeavored to submit the questions arising
under the bill to the cold test of law and reason,
and if this had led me to opposite conclusions my
vote would have been cast against the measure,
though I might
" Blush to record and weep to give it in."
I have hated the institution of slavery from a
child as something unfairand unequal, the tyran-
nizingof the strongoverthe weak. I represent a
people who abolished it almost entirely among
themselves even before it was abolished by the
State laws. When the spirit of conservatism and
cowardice in the North led to the compromises of
1850, no man in my district was found who felt
himself mean enough to accept appointment un-
der the fugitive slave law, and the offices went
unfilled, though the district borders the line of
slavery.
My constituents submitted to that law until it
became obsolete, but I am afraid its spii it suffered
sadly at their hands. They were not zealous m
the cause of returning the oppressed to his op-
pression, and when the wayfarer asked their aid
or counsel, they did not scrutinize his features or
inquire into his lineage, neither did they question
him as to the amount of service he owed m his
own country. But they gave him of that where-
with the Almighty had blessed them, and sent
him on his way.
One feature of the bill remains to be considered:
that which prohibits the assumption of the con-
federate debt by the readmitted States. No true
lover of his country ever wishes to see that debt
paid. It is not the debt of the southern people;
hut of a few conspirators who, if they could suc-
ceed, hope to saddle it upon the people. It is
quite enough that these people have been seduced
or forced into expending their own blood and
treasure, without having $6,000,000,000 of debt
entailed upon their exhausted lands to be paid by
their posterity.
As far as this debt is owing to rebels them-
selves, it will become ours by right of conquest,
when the creditors and debtors become prisoners
of war to us, and, as successors in right to the
creditors, we will cancel the obligation. As far as
the debt is owing to foreign capitalists who have
undertaken to speculate in the blood and tears of
a great nation, retributive justice requires that
they should lose the investment. If the enter-
prise had succeeded, our future history would
have been like the history of Mexico and the
South American republics. American civiliza-
tion would have sunk probably for all time to
come. The great principle of self-government
would have been lost for centuries to the world.
We have welcomed the starving relations of
these capitalists to our shores and given homes
to their families. Out of our abundance we have
fed then' famishing countrymen even at their own
doois; and this, too, while they were furnihhing
the means to burn our homesteads and make our
wives widows and oui children oiphans. Even
tiie messenger that bore our alms to their suffer-
ing poor was not too sacred to be plundered by
these speculators in human misery, while upon
his very errand of mercy. If capital hazarded
