1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
•2747'
• creased revenue. The whole amount is not large,
to be sure; but there will be a positive increase of
revenue if this be adopted.
I will also add that'these gentlemen wereper-
-fectly willing to have an ad valorem duty of 100
percent, puton this article. Why ? Simply be-
cause they can have the first valuation at so low
a price that they would pay less than utider the
moderate specific proposed. . Under, the circum-
-stancfes it is clear if we want to obtain revenue at
the proper rate we must^x some specific duty.
The rate proposed by my amendment I do not
think is too high, and.I hopeit will be adopted.
Mr. ODELL. I want to say a word.
* Mr. GOOCH. I withdraw my amendment.
Mf. ODELL. I renew the Amendment. On
page' 32 1 move to strike out " 75 cents per cubic
foot" and to insert "40cents.,>'
I think, Mr. Chairman, that that is as high a
rate of duty as should be placed upon that arti-
cle. And I want to say to both the gentlemen
from Vermont that I think they have unnecessa-
rily reflected upon the merchants whoare engaged
in the importation of these marbles". I happen to
know those men, and they would scorn whatitis
intimated they would do. They are governed in
the importation of marble by the very same laws
that govern the importation of all other articles.
Mr, MORRILL. Will the gentleman let me
ask him a question ?
Mr. ODELL. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman has seen this
gentleman and conversed with him. Did he not
inform the gentleman from New York that he
was satisfied with the duty now proposed by the
committee ?
Mr. ODELL. I will answer the gentleman.
The gentleman representing the importing mar-
ble interest informed me that he had made an
arrangement with the gentleman from Vermont,
together with a: gentleman who seemed to be here
in the marble quarry interest of this country.
Mr. MORRILL. Also from New York.
Mr. ODELL. Yes, sir. I object myself to
any tariff which may be made in that style; I ob-
ject to any arrangement made in this Hall with
members on the floor and members of the Sen-
ate, as (his gentleman assured me that he had
made an arrangement. I have my own judgment
about this matter, and not the judgment of the
gentleman from New York referred to by the
gentleman from Vermont.
This bill makes an ^advance of 60 cents on the
present tariff, the gentleman said to me that he
had made such an arrangement; but it was the
best that he could do. Thinking he could do no
better he has left the city and gone home.
Mr. MORRILL'. There were several gentle-
men here representing the marble interest, all
from New York. They represented different in-
terests. I told them if they would agree on what
was a fair and proper reduction of the rates in the
printed bill, provided it was such an agreement as
would secure the Government increased revenue,
I would be willing to support it.
Mi. ODELL. i have no doubt the gentleman
speaks truly; but I object to the arrangement. I
repeat it, 1 objectto an arrangement by which the
lobBy outside decide upon what we members of
Congress shall do in fixing the rate of duty upon
the articles which are in this tariff bill, even though
the gentleman representing Vermont upon this
floor may agree to it.
Now, this article costs GO, 65, and sometimes as
high as 70 cents a foot, and those invoices are
just as honest and just as true as any presented at
the New York or any other custom-house in the
country, and they are guarded against fraud in just
the same way, the Government being protected
against fraud by its consular certificates; and I
think it unfair for the gentleman from Vermont to
get up on this door and impugn the honesty
and integrity of the merchants engaged in this
Italian trade.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I will say one word in reply.
I do not impugn the integrity of these men. I
was very favoiably impressed with their appear-
ance. My impeachment is of the ad valorem sys-
tem as a whole. It seems we cannot suit gentle-
men here. Some find fault because the Committee
of Ways and Means do not consult outsiders.
When we do consult them we are then found fault
with.
Mr. ODELL. Myremarkin regard to the'im-
pcachment of the integrity of these gentlemen
connected with this trade had reference to the state-
ment made by the gentleman's colleague and his
own, when he said these men would invoice tins
marble at just what they chose, and that they
were willing to pa^an-arf valorem duty even as
high as 100 percent.
Mr. MORRILL.1 What I said m reference to
100 per cent, is true, tieverthelesis.
Mr. ODELL. That may be tfue,and prop-
osition is to make them pay 100 per eeht. :
• • Mr. MORRILL. Does the gentleman believe
that if this marble were fairly invoiced any party
tvould be willing to pay 100. per cent', upon its
value ?
Mr ODELL. I do believe it, but I do not be-
lieve they are willing to pay 160 per cent.
The amendment of Mr. Udell to the amend-
ment of- Mr. Morrill was not agreed to.
The amendment offered by Mr. Morrill was
agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Gooch was not agreed
to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend, on page 33,
in linetft>rty-two, by striking out the words (< on
palm-leaf fans, 2 cents." In calling the'atten-
tion of the committee to this subject, I will say
that I had a statement, taken from the Journal of
Commerce, of New York, which 1 believe was
reliable, and which stated that'the stock on hand
amounts to about five years' consumption; that
there were about fifteen thousand cases on hand,
when the annual consumption is probably about
three thousand. The only effect of putting on
the high tariff, amounting to three or four hun-
dred percent., will be to prevent all importations
for some years to come, and the tax will mure to
the benefit of a few persons who hold this stock;
whereas a lower rate of duty might leave a chance
for some revenue by allowing importations. I
call the attention of the committee to these state-
ments, and if they are true I hope they will act
upon them.
Mr. STEVENS. I think, if we intend to lay
any«!ax, 2 cents is low enough. If there is a
stock on harm for five years no more will be im-
ported at any rate, and if they do import them,
2 cents per fan on a hot day is not too much.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend the clause
proposed to be stricken out, by adding thereto the
words "on and after January, 1866." The price
of these fans in China is less than a cent, some-
thing like three quarters of a cent. It is one of
those little things which the speculators have
found and wholly monopolized. Under some in-
fluence or other the subject has been introduced
to the attention of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and they have imposed upon this little
article of palm-leaf fans, worth three quarters of
a cent, a duty of 2 cents. If you do that these
.speculators will have the control of the market
for three or four years, and have all the piofits.
Let me suggest to the committee that the great-
est liability they are under to be imposed upon, is
from outside men who have the control of little
articles, and who come here, after the monopoly
is acquired, and demand a high duty upon the
importation of those articles.
It is the " whisky-on-hand" story over again,
applied in this case to palm-leaf fans. If gentle-
men want to foil speculators they had better
adopt my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. It is utterly impossible for
the Committee of Ways and Means to suit all
sides of this House, if we did not levy a heavy
duty on spiccs, then ge.ntlernen would go abroad
to the people and say, " Here are articles of lux-
ury which you have not taxed; you have in-
creased the taxes upon the necessaries of life but
not upon the luxuries.99
In relation to spices, while for one I thought that
the rates were sufficiently high, as they exist under
our present laws, other gentlemen did not think
so. Inquiries came to the Committee of Ways
and Means from fill sides of the House to know
whether we were not going to raise the duty on
spices.
I have no doubt that there are many gentlemen
in New York, or at least some, who have large
stocks of these articles on hand; perhaps enough
! to supply the country for a year or two; but we
must begin to levy duties at some time. i do not
1 understand that either the gentleman from New
'*fcfrk or 'tfie gerHlem^n from,.Towa complains
that this tax isgoi'ng'to increase tbe price of these
articles unnecessarily'"high or to such rates that
they, will not still be freely purchased.
I presume there are parties in New York ^ho
have large quantities of 'these articles'on h&rt'd;
but I will tell my friend from'New York th'at gen-
tlemen outside of the Committee of arid
.Means are sometimes liable'tb'be imposfea.tfpon
,l>y parties who hav;e these'saffcife articles now 6n
shipboard coming here under fresh invoices and
Upon which they might not make under the new
rate of the tariff a ready and profitable Bale!.* I do
not say (hat the gentleman from New York has
seen any such persons, but it is as fair to assume
that such is the fact as it is to assume tha£ gentle-
men who have been before the Committee of
Ways and Means have stock on hand.
For myself I care nothing at all about this arti-
cle, whether it is included in this bill or not. I
can see no particular harm in excluding it alto-
gether.
, The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on Mr. Kasson's amend-
ment to strike out the whole clause, it was put,
and the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. On page 33, line fifty-three,
I move to strike out the word " twenty" and in-
sert in lieu thereof" ten," so that the clause will
read: "On pens, metallic, ten cents per gross,and
in addition thereto 25 per cent, ad valorem
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to call the attention
of the gentleman from Vermont to the fourteenth
section of the bill, which provides that—
On the entry of any vessel or of any %oods, wares, or
met diamine, the decision of the collectors customs at the
port ot importation ami entry, as to the rate and amount of
duties to be p.tid on the tonnage of such vessel or on such
coods, wares, or merchandise, and the dutiable co-'ts and
chaiges thereon, «ha)l he final and conclusive against all
persons interested therein, unless the ownei, master, com-'
m.unler, or consignee o! such vessel m the ease of duties
levied on tonnage, or the owner, unpoiter, conduce, or
agent of the merchandise, in the ca-«e of duties levied on
goods, wares, or merchandise, or the cost and charges there-
on, shall, within ten days after the ascertainment and li-
quidation of the duties by the pioper officers of the cus-
toms, as well in c.ises of merchandise entered in bond as
for consumption, givo notice in writing to the collector on
eaeh entry, if dissatisfied with his decision, setting forth
therein, distinctly and specifically, the grounds of Ins ob-
jection theieto, &c.
Is it intended by the use of the words (i on cach
entry" in the sixteenth line that the notice shall
be indorsed on the entry made in the custom-
house, or is it meiicly intended that notice shall
be given to the collector?
Mr. MOJlttlLL. It is merely intended that
notice in writing shall be given to the collector at
the time of the entry of the goods.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then I move to strike out
the words "on each entry." 1 offer that amend-
ment because I think that all that should be re-
quired is that notice shall be given to the collector.
If the gentleman is at all familiar with custom-
house operations—and I have no doubthchashad
more experience in such matters than I have—lie
must know that these entries pass through the
handsof innumerable clerks,and that it is almost
impossible under any circumstances to keep track
of them.
Mr. ODELL. I would ask the gentleman from
Vermont if the term-"on each entry " applies to
each entry made of goods?
Mr. MOIIRILL. That is all. It merely ap-
plies to the entry of goods.
Mr. LE BLOND. All I desire is that the no-
tice shall simply be given to the collector, and that
an individual shall not be required to hunt up his
entry and indorse the notice on that.
Mr. MORRILL. That is just what the section
means now.
Mr.LE BLOND. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask leave of the committee
to go back to lines forty-four and forty-five of
section eleven on page 30, for the purpo.se of
offering an amendment in relation to the duty on
oil of cloves.
Mr. MORRTLL. I believe it is necessary that
we should go back. We have raised the duty on
cloves very largely, and the duty on oil of cloves
ought also to he raised.
Mr. LE BLOND. I must object, heuuuc I
have not yet done with this fourteenth section.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 beg the gentleman's pardon.
