1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1771
in so unholy a cause could return with profit to
its coffers there would be reason to doubt the
existence of an overruling Providence who fixes
the destinies of nations.
We will not, however, leave these foreign
creditors wholly without redress. When the
war shall have ended we will give them the bene-
fit of a capias ad satisfaciendum, and let them have
the body of what shall then remain of the treason,
so that the actual debtors and creditors may set-
tle the debt as best they can, face to face, on the
other side of the Atlantic. But we owe it to the
genius of liberty, we owe it to the memory of
our revolutionary fathers, we owe it to the un-
born millions to whom the history of our times
will be both an example and a warning, that not
a dollar of foreign confederate debt shall ever be
levied upon American soil.
The cloud that obscures the future greatness of
our country will pass away, and the lesson which
our sufferings and achievements will have taught
the nations is, that they cannot afford to do wrong;
that as the effect follows the cause, so national
punishments follow national crimes.
We havelong enough tried todeceiveourselves;
long enough taught the right and practiced the
wrong. We have long enough celebrated our
national birthday with thanks to the Almighty
for the blessirigsota libei ty which held every sixth
human being in bondage. Let us at last do jus-
tice to our mother tongue; that in which the great
English and the greater American charter were
wntten; that which fiom its infancy proclaimed
the rights of men and denounced the crimes of
tyrants. Let us learn that, sublime as it is for
the utterance of grand truths, it is no language to
lie in. Though the fiamers of the Constitution
tried to cover up with a specious contrivance the
foul ulcer they were leaving uncauterized, yet the
strong Saxon sense of America refused to skulk
behind the subterfuge; and the "fugitives from
service" still lomained to be human slaves fleeing
from human slavery.
IIow quickly our language denounces a word
when it comes to be used as a polite shelter for
some foul wrong. Federalism became a term of
reproach when it lent its mantle to the Hartford
treason, and Democracy, now that it has become
a bulwark for rebellion to intrench itself behind, is
beginning to stink in the nostrils of America.
There is no word so sacred that it can with im-
punity characterize the deception and the wrong.
Compromise, when it tried to make slave-hunteis
of freemen, and conservatism, now bargaining for
its safety with banded treason, have alike become
synonymous with meanness and cowaidice. It
is no wonder that where slavery was to be pro-
tected the English language could not be freely
spoken nor Us literature freely circulated.
There hasalways been an under-currentofright
running deep in our very modes of thought and
expression, beneath that which has served as a
reproach to the lovers of liberty in the Old World.
But we are at the dawning of a brighter day.
The time is coming—it is almost upon us—when
no American shall blush to hear the truth told of
his country in his own vigorous and honest lan-
guage.
Mr. SC0P1ELD obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. MOORHEAD, who moved that the House
adjourn.
'rhe motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly (at ten o'clock,p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 21, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES piesented a memorial of the
Illinois and Southern Iowa Railroad Company,
remonstrating against the extension of the Good-
year patent for the manufacture of vulcanized In-
dia rubber; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. WILKINSON presented three petitions
of citizens of Minnesota, praying for a change
in the land grant to the Winona and St. Peter
railroad, so as to allow the company to construct
that road by way of MankatoorSt. Peter; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Mary L. Watts, sister and sole surviving heir
at law and representative of George Watts, de-
ceased, who was a sailing master in the United
States Navy during the war of 1812, praying to
be allowed to receive the amount standing to her
late brother's credit on the books of the Treasury
Department, under the act for the benefit of the
captors of the British brig Caledonia-on Lake
Erie, in the war of 1812; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a memorial of
the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company,
remonstrating against the extension of the Good-
year patent for the manufacture of vulcanized
India rubber; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of
George B. Simpson, who claims to be the in-
ventor of a submarine telegraph cable insulated
with gutta percha, asking for relief; and I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I am also requested to move,
and I accordingly do so, that the petition and ac-
companying papers be printed; and I beg leave
in this connection to give utterance to the senti-
ment of the petitioner, in which I fully concur,
although I do not suppose it is necessary that I
should do so, that the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Printing will give to this document amost
critical and thorough investigation. 1 have no
doubt, from my examination of it, that it will
well repay his perusal.
The motion to print was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to print
a lepott of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in obedience to law, the accounts of
thesuperintendent of Indian affairs for the south-
ern supermtendency for the first and second quar-
ters of the year 1863, for the benefit of certain
Indian tribes; also the accounts of that superin-
tendent, and of the several agents of the southern
superintendency for the thud quarter of 1863, re-
ported m favor of printing hve hundred copies of
the same; and the, report was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on Com-
meice, to whom was lefened a bill (S. No. 223)
to regulate the foreign and coasting trade on the
northern, northeastern, and northwestern front-
iers of theUnited States,and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 324) to repeal sec-
tion two of an act entitled "An act to regulate
the foreign coasting trade on the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers,and forother
purposes," approved March 2,1831, reported ad-
versely thereon, the bill last reported covering
the subject-matter.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 222) extending the
jurisdiction of district courts, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary;
which was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a letter of
the Secretaiy of the Interior in relation to the in-
crease of the salary of the United States agent for
the Indians in the vicinity of Green Bay, Wis-
consin, repotted a bill (S. No. 247) in relation to
the salary of the United States agent for the In-
dians near Green Bay. The bili was read and
passed to a second reading, and the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior was ordered to be printed.
V Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
395) to provide a national currency secured by
a pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof, re-
ported it with amendments, and on his motion
the bill was made the special older for Tuesday
next at one o'clock.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
fer! ed a bill (H. R. No. 183) to secure the speedy
tiansportation of the mails, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
the subject was referred,, reported a bill (S. No.
248) in relation to franked matter; which was
read and passed to a second .reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 185) to establish
a postal money-order system, reported it without
amendment.
REBEL DEPREDATIONS ON POST OFFICES.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R.' No. 408) for relief of postmasters
who have been robbed by confederate forces or
rebel guerrillas, have directed me to report it back
without amendment, and to recommend its pas-
sage. I desire to have it put upon its passage
now. There are a number of postmasters who
have claims on the Department for money of which
they have been robbed by guerrillas and armed
forces of the enemy; and the bill which I now
report provides generally for authorizing the De-
partment to settle with them. If this bili be
passed it will supersede the necessity of action on
a variety of independent different private claims.
I therefore desire that action maybe had upon it
at this time.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole., It provides that
in all cases where loyal postmasters have been
robbed, by confederate forces or rebel guerrillas,
of post office stamps, stamped envelopes, or of
money received and collected for, belonging to,
and held for the GovernmcntoftheUnitedStates,
and such robbery has not been caused by the
default or negligence of the postmaster, the Post-
master General may credit such postmaster, in the
settlement of his accounts, with the amount of
which he may have been so robbed. In cases
where no such credit has been allowed, and the
postmaster has been required to and has accounted
for and paid over to the Post Office Department
the sum or sums of which he may have been so
robbed, the Postmaster General is to refund the
same to such postmaster.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read, the third time, and passed.
Mr. COLLAMER. 'There was referred to the
Committee on PostOfficesand Post Roadsa joint
resolution (H. R. No. 62) for the lelief of A. S.
Clark, postmaster at Harrison, Ohio. It is pre-
cisely one of those cases provided for by the gen-
eral law just passed, and I am therefore requested
by the committee to ask that they be discharged
from the fuither consideration of the subject.
The report was agreed to.
REGISTER TO A VESSEL.
Mr, CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom the subject was referred, have
directed me to report a bill granting a register to
a certain vessel; and as it is a matter that will
lead to no discus.sion and take no time, I ask for
the immediate consideration of the bill.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 249)
to authorize the issuing of a legister to the steam
vessel John Martin was read twice byits title and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
leading, read the third time, and passed.
PRINTING OF OFFICIAL ARMY REPORTS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the joint
resolution (S.No. 21) to provide for the printing
of official reports of the operations of the armies
of the United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is to be the duty of the Secretary of
War under this resolution to transmit, from time
to time, to the Superintendent of Public Printing,
copies of all official icports, and ofall telegrams
and dispatches, not heretofore published by or-
der of either House of Congi'ess, relating to the
movements, engagements, and operations gener-
ally, of the armies of the United States, which
in his judgment the public interests may not re-
quire to be kept secret, commencing with the 1st
of December, 1860; all such reports, telegrams,
and dispatches to be arranged in chronological
ordec, with a caption or title prefixed to each sep-
arate engagement, movement, or operation. Il is
to be the duty of the Superintendent of Public
Printing to punt the usual number (one thousand
