.THE. -CONGKESSION.AL GLOBE.
June- 4,
He withdrew his amendment, and I. thought h-e
was through with the sectidn.
. Mr. LE BLOND. I move to ame'nd.the four-
'teenth section by striking out the words " ninety
deiys" where they occur in the.twqnt^-fourth and
also in tjie twenty-eighth linesi and inserting in
lies Hifreof the words.'"'one yew'* so.,t}iai the
clan^'^p ijsajl:. ; , - '
. Anclmielivessel, goods, wares, or merchandise, or costs
rind charge's, shali bejiablc to duty,accordingly, any. act of
'Congress tb the contrary notwithstanding, unless suit s&all
"be broaght ivitlrtn'one jeaf after tBe'deoision of the Secre-
tary of,the Treasury oa such appeal for any duties wiueh
,£haii have been p:jjd before the, date of tjieh decision on
'sueli vessel, or "an such goods, wares, or merchandise, or
'cosW, or charges, or within one year after the payment of
duties paid idler the decision of tlie Secretary.
Mr. Chairman, I Offer the amendment forthese
"reasons: a great many of these cases are brought
' into the district Courts of the United States; and
if the'time be limited to ninety days that only
multiplies these "cases. If the time be extended
tb one year, then when the party brings his suit
he must embrace all the causps of suit he has on
hand'up to that time. This will be a benefit.to
the Government; for the Government receives the
duties at the time the en tries are made, and retains
the money till the suit is decided. Therefore the
Government will not suffer by this, while it does
suffer from a multiplicity of suits, which this
would to some extent prevent.
, X have also another amendment which I pro-
pose to offer, 4nd which, if adopted, will I think
save the Government a considerable amount of
money. Gentlemen will recollect that but a few
days ago there were some one hundred and forty
cases decided, in the district court of the United
.Slates in New York, growing out of this very
state of things; whereas if the time for commen-
cing suitlmd been extended to one year there would
have been,a less number of suits, and the Gov-
• ornment would have had to pay a less amount of
costs; for all these cases were decided againstthe
United States. I think that the longer the time
for'commencing suits is extended the less num-
ber of cases will be brought, which will be to the
interest of the Government.
Mr. MOKR1LL, Mr. Chairman, I am quite
satisfied that thp gentleman from Ohio has not
carefully considered this section, for it is designed
by the law officers here and in New York to rem-
edy the very evil of which he complains. It is to
prevent the accumulation of suits against the Uni-
ted Slates until the decision of the Secretary of
the Treasury can be adopted,. It does not bar
any man, who may consider himself aggrieved
by having to pay a wrongamount of duties, from
commencing a suit; but ho must commence it
within a certain time. It will not allow, as here-
to lore, a long period to elapse before suits come
up for decision. I think that if the gentleman
will read the section carefully he will find it does
rqmody the very evds which he proposes to rem-
edy, It is certainly so designed; and the section
is introduced by the Committee of Ways and
Means on consultation, as I said, wilh the law
ofliceis of the Treasury Department, and with
the officers of customs in New York.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Chairman, my sole ob-
ject is to consolidate these cases, instead of hav-
ing tlicm divided up. I will make a brief state-
ment to the committee in regard to the manner in
which these cases are carried on in New York. 1
noticed, as 1 said before, that last week or the
week before, there had been one hundred and
forty cases disposed of in a single day inth«dis-
trict court of-the United States in New York.
They all went on a decision which had been made
hy the district court of the United States as far
back as 1856, Yet,asthe law now stands, the
decision of the district court must receive theap-
proval of the Secretary of the Treasury before
the collector can act upon that decision.
The Secretary of the Treasury believed that the
district court of the United States had erred m the
decision made in 185G. In consequence of his
judgment on that question hedeclined giving any
instruction to the collector of New York. The
result is that the collector has continued to exact
the duties from importers; and they have paid the
amount under protest, and then instituted suits.
The Courtis burdened with that class of cases.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr- LE BLOND. I move to amend by insert-
ing at the end of the section as follows:
Provided, That when adjudication iias'been bad in any
.of the district courts of the United States upon any ques-
tions arising under the provisions of this act or of any act of
which this is an amendment, the collectors of the several
ports shall be governed by said decision, and no instruc-
tions from the Secretary of .the Treasury shall be necessary
for said collectors to be governed thereby.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, th^t will
never do, because that would be an intermediate
nisi prius decision. 1 think the law had better be
left as it is. ;
Mr. UE.BLOND'. I thought I had the floor.
. The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is entitled-to the floor. . '
Mr. LE BLOND. I supposed I had the floor.
Mr. Chajrman, I offered this amendment in,good
faith; I did it for the purpose of compelling either
the Secretary of theTreasury or the collectors of
ports to prosecute some of .these cases to,a final
hearing, and establish a precedent in the matter.
Now, as I was saying before, a large class of cases
have go.ne up, and decisions have been made.
The Secretary of the Treasury differs with the
courts in their construction of the law, and de-
clines-to give any instruction to collectors to fol-
low the decisions made, and the effect is that these
cases come into court day after da,y upon the same
question, are carried to the same judge, passed
upon by the same judge, and decided in each in-
stance against the United States, Now, sir, I
undertake to say, and I think it can be well au-
thenticated , that the United States pay in the city
of New York alone every year over one hundred
thousand dollars'costs upon these very questions
which have been so oftfii adjudicated upon in the
district courts of the United States, and yet the
Secretary of the Treasury declines or refuses to
comply with these decisions, and neglects to have
any of them carried up for final adjudication in
the Supreme Court of the United States.
In every one of these cases, one hundred and
forty of which were passed upon last week in the
cily of New Yoik, ihe Government pays the dis-
trict attorney tinny dollars, and whenever he
argues a case he receives an additional sunWrom
the Government. And so the Government con-
tinues to pay the cost in those cases notwith-
standing the adjudication upon them. I think
this bill ought to pass, and I hope it will pass.
Mr.GANSON. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio that the construction of his amend-
ment might cut olf the right of appeal altogether
from the districtcourt to a superior court. I pre-
sume that is not his intention, and therefore sug-
gest to him that the language of his amendment
had better be modified.
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not think the amend-
ment will have that effect. I will, however, add
to it "unless, where the decision is against the
United States, an appeal is taken from that de-
cision"  .
Mr. HOLM AN, Let me suggest that the same
difficulty would still occur unless there is added
something to this effect: "unless the decision is
reversed upon appeal."
Mr. LE BLOND. I will accept that modifica-
tion.
The amendment,as modified, was read, as fol-
lows:
Provided, Tiiat when adjudication has been bad in any
of the distuel court-* or die l/imed Slates upon any ques-
tions arising under tile piovKions of tins act. or ol any act
ot which tins is an amendment, Ihe collectors of the'sev-
etai ports shall be governed by said decision, and no instruc-
tions of tho Secretary of iho Tieasury shall be necessary
for eoilectois to be governed thereby, unless reversed oil
appeal.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out " unless reversed
on appeal" and inserting "unless an appeal be
taken fioin said decision and prosecuted."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I now ask
unanimous consent to go back to section eleven,
page 30, lines forty-four and forty-five, to strikeout
the words " one dollar and fifty cents"and insert
in lieu thereof "six dollars," so that it will make
the duty on cloves six dollars per pound.
There being no objection, the amendment was
received.
Mr. KELLEY. Th e amendment is to restore
the relation that 1ms existed liLn^tofoi'e between
clovesi audi fehe> oil of cloves. The oil of eloves
as fifteen to one upon the raw material. The
duty heretofore has been ten cents upon the-od
of .cloves; we have made it forty cents. The ob-
ject of this amendment, therefore, is simply a
restoration of the old relation of duty between
cloves and the oil of clove?. - ,
Theamendment.w&s agreed to-,- :
Mr. ALLEY. I niove to amend in line five of
section eighteen by inserting after theswor-d "ex-
cept" the words u Imaged, Jiides, and skins.99
The amendment was-agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 19. Jlfii beit further ebacte<l, That all goods,\v re«,
antf merchandise which may be in the piibfic storcs on the
day and year aforesaid sljall he subjected to no other duty
upon the entry thereof than if the same were imported re-
spectively after that day. ' .
Mr. MORRILL moved, after the words " pub-
lic stores" to insert the words " or bonded ware-
houses. "
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORILILL mo-ved to add to the section
the following:
And so much of the act of August 6, 1846, as requires
the sale of fire-crackers deported in bonded warehouses
is hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ST&VENS. I do not agree to this sec-
tion, and I want a vote of the House on it. I
move to strike outthe whole section and insert
.the following in lieu thereof:
That all goods, waies, and merchandise which may be
in the public stores or bonded warehouses, or bonded for
transportation, on the day this act takes effect shall, when
entered for home consumption, pay the duty undur which
they were imported.
Mr. Chairman, have already passed ajoint
resolution by which those were relieved who took
out goods before the passage of the resolution
imposing 50 per cent, of duty additional, and paid
the new duty of 50 per cent, on them. We re-
lieved them and allowed them to pay the d\ity
which existed when the goods were imported;
and we provided that the duty should be refunded
to them, so far as it exceeded the old law. Now
it seems strange that the principle cannot work
both ways. Wo know when they were taken
from the bonded warehouses they should pay the
duties on them when they were imported; and I
think as soon as this law is passed there ought
to be precisely the same rule, or else the Govern-
ment will lose revenue at both ends. If they
have been imported within sixty days let them
pay the same duty as if they had entered into
consumption at once.
1 know that it will be said that the joint reso-
lution increasing the duties 50 per cent, additional
was temporary. We know that it was necessary.
We know that the merchants hastened theirgoods
in so as to get rid of the additional duties. I know
that during the week before that law ptissed
$8,000,000 of goods were imported into New York
aione, a larger amount than ever before in one
week; and thatescaped the 50per cent, additional
duty. If put into the bonded warehouses, al-
though imported under that l.\w, we will lot them
out under this provision. We will reverse the
principle on which we have refunded to them the
50 per cent, additional duty if in the warehouse
before the joint resolution was passed. It seem&
to me that this is ail wrong. Hence, I say let
those in the bonded warehouses, when entered
foi consumption, pay precisely the duty as when
imported, and neither higher nor lower when this
goes into effect.
Mr. WILSON. Does the gentleman propose
to have goods imported prior to the passage of
the joint lesoluuon pay duties which were in force
prior to that time ?
Mr. STEVENS. That we have already de-
cided by a joint resolution which we have sent
to the other House.
Mr. WILSON. I think thatthat was art erro-
neous action on the pan of the House. A great
many members were deceived as to its cfFect.
Mr. STEVENS. We will make it still worse
by this provision in the bill.
Mr. WILSON. 1 do notthink so.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, T think that
we ought to exercise common justice toward the
commerce of the country. Now,as 1 understand
it, in all previous legislation it has been the prac-
tice of Congress in all cases to allow the merchant
to take his option. If we decreased or diminished
