1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL *(xLOBl.
1778
of piesci ving unifoi mity of weight, form, and finish in the
com stamped at paid biancli.
Sec. —. dud be it further enacted, That said branch mint
r.hal! be n place of deposit tor such public moneys as the
Scciclary ot the Titiasuiy may direct. And the superin-
tendent of said branch mint, wlro >>hall perform the duties
ot tiKiMiier theicof, shall have the custody of the same,
ami aKo perform the duties of Assistant Treasurer; and for
that purpose shall be subject toalltheprovisionscontained
in an act entitled '-An act to provide for the better organ-
ization of the Tiea*ury, and for the collection, safe-keep-
ing, tiansler, and disbursement of the public revenue,"
approved Augu-t 6,1846, winch leiates to the treasurer of
T'lic bianch mint at New Oile ins.
Keo — Jlnd he it further enacted, That the superintend-
ent ot said branch mint be authorized,under the direction
ot the Secretary oi the Tieasury. and on terms to be pre-
fccubed by him, to issue in payment of the gold dust and
bullion deposited for a^sav and coinage or bars, drafts or
certificates of deposit, paxable at the Treasury, or any sub-
Tiea^iuy of tlie United States., to any depositor ejecting to
receive payment in that form.
Si:c. —. Jlnd be it f wilier enacted, That all the laws and
parts of laws now in force for the regulation ol the Mint
ot the United States, and for the government of the officers
and persons employed therein, and for the punUhmeut of
all oiienses connected with the Mintor coinage ot the Uni-
ted iSt.ues shall be, and they are heieby, declaied to be in
full force in relation to the branch of the Mint by this act
established, as tar a< the same limy be applicable theieto.
Sue. —. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
{$100,1)00 be, and the same is heieby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Trea>ury not otherwise appropnated, to
cany into effect the provisions of this act, and to jneet the
expenses of the current year, and for the fiscal year ending
the 3Uih of June, lfc6o.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President,the subject-matter
of that amendment was introduced to the Senate
some time since by the Senator from Oregon in
the shape of a bill for the establishment of a mint
at Portland, in Oregon. That bill was rcfened to
the Committee on Finance; and you see it pre-
sented not exactly the question winch the Senator
from Oregon discussed the other day, that is, the
question whether it was better for the State of
Oiegon to have the gold product of that country
cojncd within the State, but it presented this
other question, whether it was better for the United
States to coin that ore in Oregon or to coin it
somewhere else. The committee consulted the
Secretary of theTreasury on that point,and that
act has been made tlie subject-matter of some
complaint on the part of the Senator from Oregon.
The committee thought that the Secretat y ought
to be better infoimed upon that question than
they couid be themselves. If the question had
been whether it was better for Oregon to have
tins gold coined in that State than elsewhere, of1*
course we should have needed no other informa-
tion than we could get from the representatives
from that State; but as to whether it was better
for the United States to coin it there or elsewhere
we supposed the Secretary of the Treasury could
better advise than we could. We therefore sent
that bill to him for his advice. It seems that the
Secietaiy in turn saw fit to consult the Director
of the United States Mint at Philadelphia, and
that act 1ms been made the subject of some com-
plaint. it is true the Director of the Mint at
Philadelphia is named Pulioek, but it is not true
that he is named " Disintegration Pollock;55 hi*
name is James Pollock, as I understand. He
sent back to the Secretary of the Treasury a com-
munication on the subject, and 1 send that letter
to the desk, and desire to have it read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Mint of tiik United States,
Philadelphia, Fehruaiy2,18g4.
Sir: I have received your lette.i ot the 28th ultimo, in-
closing a hill piovidmg lor the establishment ol a bianch
mint at Portland, Oregon; and {equating my views as to
the expediency of the proposed nje.i^iue, togethu with any
Midsections { may think ptoper to make touching the pio-«
Visions of the bill oi matteis collateral thereto.
In ieply, I beg loavcie.-peetfull) to oiler my views on the
subject, as follows:
Tiie coinage opeiations of our country are carricd on at
but two points, namely: Philadelphia and San Francisco,
lixpenenec hav -shown that the Mint at Philadelphia pos-
fcuflicient capacity to piomptly convert into com all
the bullion which iiuds xt  way Last fiorn the mining re-
gions ot tiie United States,as? well as bullion and coin iu>-
ported lioni loiei«rn counmes. The &ame maybe &aid of
tlie biancli mint at San Francisco with reference to the
bullion produced in the State* and Teiutones west ot the
Koeky mountains Such being Lhe case, it may be re-
mai ked that a tiu<* public policvdoes notre<juiie,nor would
lhe public mteievts be &ub<erved by the establishment of
mints lor coinage at any other points in the
Tlieic aie seveial objections to the piopo^ed mea^uie :
1. it is not good policy to pi ovide for ** paiting" and coin-
ing the precious metaN .it points where theie ate no *?kiiJ-
lul aitisu oi cxpei lencud w oikmen. JSy the word " parting"
is meant tnc opeiation ut sepiraunir tiie .--live! lioni the
gold, when* both ot tne e metals are contained in a deposit.
All goul donvcd irom the mines ot the United bute  con-
tains a percentage of silver, which must be paited from the
gold m oider to bring the latter to the proper standard for
coinage. Large quantities of nitric acid (an expensive ar-
ticle and difficult to transport) are consumed in tlie opera-
tion.
% The transportation of supplies, particularly chemicals,
to distant points from the commercial centers of our country
is attended with delays, is inconvenient,uncertain, and very
expensive—so expensive, indeed, that it will be found im-
practicable to impose chaigesfor parting and cmuage equal
to the cost of the materials and labor employed in those oper-
ations. Moreover, experience proves that whenever the
cost of converting bullion iuto coin at a given point exceeds
the expense of transportation to and coinage at another
point, it will find its way to the latter, however distant.
3. Coinage is one of the highest and most important at-
tributes of national sovereignty, and should be exeieised
and controlled in such a mannci as will tend to strengthen
rather than weaken the national Government. It is r<v
spectfully suggested whether the providing of additional
coinage establishments does not tend toward national dis-
integration.
4. If there were no objections to the proposed measure^
the present is not a favorable tune for the erccuon of build-*
ings suitable for coinage purposes, or for putting up the
necessary machinery, fixtures, &c. Labor, machinery, and
materials could be obtained only at exorbitant rates. This
is certainly a serious objection to the establishment of the
proposed branch mint.
The great struggle in which we are now engaged for the
preservation of our national existence imposes heavy bur-
dens upon the people, and, until btonght to a successful
teuninution, no expendituies should be incurred for meas-
ures noteleaily required by the public interests.
It therefore does not appear expedient to increase the
number of our coinage establishments.
The providing, at a suitable point m the State of Oregon,,
of propei lacihues for melting, assaying, and stamping 04"
bullion, will meet the wants of the mining and commeicial
interests of the people of thatregion, as well as if a bianch
mint were established there. All that the owner of bullion
requires is to have conveniently at hand the means of cor-
tectly a^eeitaimng the value ot his bullion, which enables
him to piotcet Jum-elf from speculators. For all practi-
cal puiposo, ho can use a barot bullion beautig the Gov-
ernment stamp of legal contents as well as if it were in
com. An othee lor melting and as^ay and stamping bars
is not only all that they want, but all that they can in fair-
nev a.>k toi Oiegon. That Teiritoiy pioduced about three
million doihu-, in gold, the last fiscal year. It is to be kept
in mind that the wu-t Temtoiy of Idaho (twice as large as
France) is developing mines in almost every part, and ere
long will also ftslv lor mote than one Government assay
office. The expense of establishing and suppoiting these
will be veiy heavy. We have inioimation that the pay of
common laborers there is six dollars a day, in gold. At this
rate sulaucs of "$1,800 foi the niiieor* would not secure com-
petent men. A private assayer in Nevada is known to re-
ceive $4.8U0 per annum, in gold. These facts are to be
borne in mind in staitmg Government offices. i lccom-
mend that an a->say office be established at a convenient
point in the State of Oiegon. tor the receipt, melting, and
assaying of gold and silver, ami stamping ol impoited bars.
I aUo iccojnmcnd that autbouty be given the Secretary
of the Tieasury, in case lie should deem it expedient, to
cause to beis.-ucd, on such terms as he may prescribe^ in
payment of bullion deposited at the said assay office, certifi-
cates lerleemable in com, at the branch mint, San Fran-
cisco. it is propei to add, that if it should be deemed ex-
pedient to establish the piopo-ed branch mint, the bill for
that purpose, from the Finance Committee of the Senate,
covers the whole subject, and is free trom objection.
The papei.sieceived with your letter are returned here-
with.
With great n>pcct, your obedient servant,
JAMES POLLOCK, Director.
Hon. S. P.Chase, Secretaiy of the Treasury.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Clmir
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. NESM1TH. I apprehend that this bill
will not occupy long; and I should like to get a
vote upon it. It lias been pending for a long
while during the session. 1 move to postpone
all pi 101 01 dels, and continue it before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can-
not interpose that motion without tlie consent of
the Senator from West Virginia, [Mr. Van Win-
kle,] who is entitled to the iloor on the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. If this is to occupy
but a few moments, I have no objection to yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the special order will be passed over in-
formally, subject to be called up by any Senator.
The Chair hears no objeeiion to that course.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The unfinished business
of the morning hour of yesterday is in relation to
the Territory of Montana. I desire, as J was on
the iloor upon that question, to address the Sen-
ate on that; and 1 will ask that it be set down for
some morning hour or some time 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
slate that that mutter has lost its place by a vote ;
of the Senate. It is no longer before the Senate, j
Mr. SUMNER. Why cannot the Senator i
move to take it up to-moriow in the morning ,
hour? I
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on Senate bill No. 185; and on thai the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SUMNER. Does he expeetdebate on it?
Mr. HOWE. Not long.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my colleague will al-
low me to inquire, I beg to ask whether the.mat-
ter to which 1 have called attention, being' in re-
iation to a committee of conference on disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, is not.a privileged ques-
tion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It ie not. There
seems to be an impression in the body that .the
report of a committee of conference.is a privileged
question. Such is not the fact. Business usually
gives wayto it, but k is no more privileged than
any other matter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I give notice that I
shall call it up in the morning hour to-morrow.
The VICE-PRESIDENT. Senate bill No.
185, for the establishment of assay offices, is be-
fore the body.
Mr. HOWE. This recommendation of the
Director of the Philadelphia Mint has been at-
tacked in so newel a manner that I feel called upon
to gay a very few words in defense of it. I think
the Senator from Oregon employed against it a
weapon which, if it be not altogether unparlia-
mentary, is at least unusual in this parliamentary
body. He employed very freely and vigorously
his wit. I cannot say that he violated the rules
of parliamentary debate in doing so; and yet the
appearance of such a new elementwf parliament-
ary warfare suggests to my mind some very grave
questions. I remember that the predecessor of
the honorable Senator from Oregon raised the
question whether, it were not unconstitutional,
whether it did not violate, if not the letter, the
spirit of the Constitution, for the people of the
United States to elect such a man as Mr. Lincoln
to be President; and he intimated that it was very
decidedly his opinion that if we had any tribunal
before which such a question could be determined,
it would be decided to be unconstitutional to elect a
man for President of the United States who held
such opinions as Mr. Lincoln does. I have thought
whether or no, ifsuch a tribunal existed, it would
be held to be exactly constitutional for the State -
of Oregon to elect a wit to the Senate. I do not
undertake to say that it is a violation of the Con-
stitution. I know it is not against the letter, but
the question is whether, as suggested by the Sen-
ator from Oregon to whom 1 have just now al-
luded, it is not against the spirit of the Constitu-
tion. However, the wit is here, and we have
got the benefit of it, and we have got to getafong
with it the best way-we can.
Now, I want to say about this recommenda-
tion of Governor Pollock that, in the first place,
it seemed to the committee that he was a very fair
man to be consulted on the subject. He is en-
tirely disinterested; and that ought not to be lost
sight of. He has no sort of interest in having
this gold brought to the Philadelphia Mint. It
does not increase his compensation nor his power
nor his influence.
In the next place, he is in the employ, not of
the State of Oregon, nor of the miners m that
State and in the adjacent Territones, but he is in
the employ of the United States; and it was his
duty to give honest advice, and to advise accord-
ing to his best judgment of what the interests of
the United States demanded. He came to the
conclusion that tt would be much more expens-
ive for the United States to undertake to coin
this gold in Oregon than to coin itelsewhere, and
therefore he advised against it. The committee
saw no reason for differing with the conclusion
to which Governor Pollock came upon that point.
There does seem to be one weak point in this
recommendation. He does suggest that the es-
tablishing of mints for the coinage of gold and
silver atagreat many differentpointsin this wide-
spread Union of ours does tend to national disin-
tegration. 1 feel bound to say that that is put
forward not as an argument against theestablish-
ment of the mint at Portland, in the State of Ore-
gon, but it ig'macie as a mere suggestion. Whether
it is sound or unsound the committee did nut
consider, and 1 feel bound to say that they are
not to be undeistood as havingdecided thatpoint.
The Senator from Oregon seems to have con-
