^28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
urcr being one,'shall he a quorum; and the said corpora-
tion, at their annua! meeting, shall have power to elect a
president ami a tieasurer, who shall giv-e bond in the t>um
of $10,000 for the faithful discharge of the duties of his
office, and all such other officers as maybe deemed neces-
sary; wbichor&cers shall continue in office one year, and
tfntH others are chosen in their stead; and all officers so
chosen shall be under oath to the faithful discharge of the
duties of iheir offices respectively.
Sec'. 4. *flnd be it further cnactcd, l*hat said corporation
WiSy receive on deposit, for the u«e and benefit of the de-
positors, all sums of money offered lor that purpose: Pro-
vided, however, That it shall not hold at the same time
more than $1,0.00 of any one depositor otber than a reli-
gious or charirabfc corporation. Ail such sums may be in-
vested ir* the stock of any bank incorporated Ky Congress,
or may be loaned on interest to any such hank, or may be
loaned on bonds or notes, with collateral security of the
stock of such banks at not more than ninety per cent, of
its par value, or they may be invested in the public funds
of the United States, of the several States, or loaned on a
pledge of any of s aid fund", or invented to loans on mort-
gages of real estate: Provided* That the whole amount of
stock held l>y the institution at one tune in any one bank,
both by way of investment and as a surety for loans, shall
not exceed one half of it* capital stock of such bank, and
that not more than three quarters of the whole sum depos-
ited in the institution fdmil be at any one time Invested in
mortgages of real estate. The income or profits of all de-
posits shall be divided amongt he depository or their legal
representatives, in just pioportions, with a deduction of all
reasonable expenses* incurred in the management thereof 5
and the principal may he withdrawn at such times or in
such manna as the corporation shall in its by-laws direct.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no officer, di-
rector, or committee charged with the duty of investing the
deposits shall borrow any portion thereof, or use the same,
cxcept in payment of the expenses of the corporation; and
if any officer, director, agent, or other person connected
with said bank and interested with the funds or deposits
•thereof, shall embezzle or fraudulently convert the same
to his own use, he shall be deemed guilty of laiceny, and
shall, on conviction thereof by any eouit competent to try
the offence, he impiisoned in the penitentiary not less than
one nor more than ten years.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to amend the new
fouuh section by striking out the word " profits"
in line twenty, and inserting " interest;" by Kink-
ing out in lines twenty-one, twenty-two, and
twenty-three the words " in just proportions,
with a deduction of all reasonable expenses in-
curred in the management thereof,"and inserting
"according to the terms of interest stipulated."
The amendments to the amendment were agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
The next amendment was to add to the tenth
section, which requires an annual report to be
made to Congress, the following words:
rtaid returns shall specify the following particulars,
namely j The number of depositors; total amount of de
posits; amount invested in bank stock and deposited in
bank on interest; amount secured by bank stock ; amount
invested in public Jund* ; loans on security of public funds;
loans on mortgage of real estate; loan-* on personal seem 1-
tios; amount 01 cash on hand; total dividends of the veat;
annual expenses of the institution: all of which shall be
ceititied ami suoin to by the he.wiu 1 ; and five or nioie
of the manager* shall aKn eertit'y and make oaih that the
kuuI reuirn is eoireet according to their bust knowledge
and belief.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
twelfth and thirteenth sections of the original bill,
in the following words:
Sic, 1*2. Jhul he if finther nuwted, That a misnomer of
pan) corporation in any deed, gift, gram, or oiher instiu-
ment, eonfraet, or conveyance, shall not vifmte the same,
if'thc eorpoiation shall be sufheiently desrtihod.
Skc. l.'L vtnd he it. farther unttled^ That this cot poration
may lake and hold ieai estate to the elea  annual value of
$10,000, and may sue and be sued, and have all the neces-
sary power for ilie collection of debts and demands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the following
new section, to be section ten of the amended bill:
S5ec. in. ,/lndhc it further cnaded, That said corporation
may make by-laws foi the more oideily management of
iheir business, "ot  epugnant to law ; may have a eommon
seal, winch they ma\ eh.mge at, plea-tire; that all deeds,
giants, covenant", and am cements made by their tie.tsurei,
or any other person by their authority, shall be good and
valid; and said eorpoiation shall have power to sue and
may be sued, defend and beheld to answer by the name
aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to amend the
bill by inserting the name of Samuel V. Niles
among the corporators.
The amendment whs agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third leading,
and was read the third time, and passed.
WARDEN FOR THE JAIL.
On motion of Mr. MORRTLL, the bill (S, No.
86) to authorize the appointment of a warden of
the jail in the District of Columbia was consiiU
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to authorize the President of the United States
to appoint, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, some suitable person to be warden
of the jail in the District of Columbia, for the
term of four years, who shall rcccive an annual
salary of $1,300. The warden is to have the
exclusive supervision and control of the jails
in the District, and be accountable for the safe-
keeping of all the prisoners legally committed
thereto, and to have all the power and discharge
all the duties heretofore legally exercised and dis-
charged over the jails and the prisoners therein
by the marshal of the District. Before entering
on the duties of his office, the warden is to exe-
cute a bond to the United States in the penal sum
of $5,000, with sureties to benpproved bya judge
of the circuit court of the District.
The Committee on the District of Columbia,
to whom the original bill introduced by Mr.
Grimes was referred, reported it with amend-
ments. The first amendment was to strike out
" $1,200," in line seven of section one, and to
insert " $1,600, which shall include all fees and
emoluments. And said warden shall annually,
in the month of November, make a detailed re-
port to the Secretary of the Interior."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after section
two tht' following new section:
•diidbeitf 111 titer enacted, That the warden of the peui-
tentiniy in the said Di-tuet, upon oider of the supieme
couit of said District or the Secretary of the Interior, shall
transport all convicts sentenced to imprisonment beyond
Jhe limits of Miid District to the place of confinement, re-
ceiving therefor the actual expenses of himself, gnat d. and
of caeh convict. And in case of nbt«enceor othei disability
of said waiden, the waidcn of said jail, having the eu.-tody
of said convicts, shall upon order as afore-aid transpoit
Ihem to the place of confinement, receiving theretor the
compensation aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six of section
three to strike out "circuit "and insert "supreme,"
so as to read, " with sureties to be approved by
some judge of the supreme court of said Dis-
trict."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is my faultof course that
I have not icad the bill, though I believe it has
been on the table for some time, but I did not
know till I heard it read that such a bill was in
the Senate at all. I should like to know why it
is necessary to change the law as it is. From
the beginningof the Government the marshal has
hud charge of the jail. Whether this marshal has
conducted himself propet ly or not, 1 do not know;
whether lie lias cluuged more than he ought to
chaige, I do not know. If lie has not charged more
than the law allows and has received too much, we
can reduce the fees. In the other case he is respons-
ible to the Piesidcnt. lie is appointed by the
President; he is a political and personal friend of
the President; he was I believe a law partner of
the President; he had, when he was appointed
and bus still the entire confidence of the President;
and although such consideraimnsarenotperhaps
exactly suited to the deliberations of this body,
yet I suggest to the especial friendsofihePresident
heie whether they should aim by legislation at one
of his known fiicnds.
As far as I know, I have no information at all
that the duties of the office have not been faith-
fully discharged. 1 believe the mere compensa-
tion begets as marshal, except such as may arise
fiom his duties in connection with the jail, is very
little. The fees that he gets in the Supreme Com t
of (he United States are little or nothing. lie is
paid a per diem, I think, but all else that hegets,
except from the jail, is what lie may get for at-
tending the local coui ts and what he nuiv get as
commissions upon the service of executions.
What that amounts to I do not know, but I im-
agine the whole would be comparatively a trifling
compensation. I suppose theiefore that the greater
part of the compensation of the marshal of I he
District arises from the fact that he has the duty
which you are about to take away from him. Un-
der this impression, unless the gentleman who
leportcd the bill can satisfy me that it is a very
wise measure, called for by the public interest,
and ( specially 111 accordance with the wishes of
the President, I shall be imbued to voteagainstit.
Mr. MORRILL. Of course I do not know
whether it is in accordance with the wishes of the
President of the United States or not. I do not
know that the marshal, either by virtue of his
office as jailer or otherwise, was or was not a
paitner of the President in the practice of the law.
1 hardly know that any of these questions arise
on the consideration of this bill. They certainly
did notarise in the consideration of it in the com-
mittee.
This bill was referred to the committee; and we
had some facts before us which led the committee
to the belief that the public interests would be
better subserved by the appointment of a warden,
whose especial duty it should be to take care of
the jail, and who should not be complicated with
those political duties and political relations of the
marshal to the President to which the Senator
refers, and to which he seems to attach so much
importance. All the duties in regard to the jail
of course are simply those ofa jailer and nothing
more; neither political nor confidential; and we
found that the marshal had little or no practical
duies at all at the jail; no care of it. Asa matter
of fact it was in the hands of a subordinate ap-
pointed by him; and it seemed to the committee
that it was proper enough that the person who
really had the charge of it should be held respons-
ible to the Government; and that the duties would
be quite as faithfully performed probably by the
person who should be charged with them and held
responsible to the President. That was the prin-
cipal reason for confiding the duty to a warden.
But, sir, there was another reason which entered
into the consideration somewhat, and that was
this: the convicts at the penitentiary we found
had been taken from the penitentiary and trans-
ferred to this jail, and they had been taken from
the jail under the order of the Secretary of the
Interior, in some respects, in others from another
quarter, and had been transferred from the Dis-
tnct of Columbia to the penitentiary in the city
of Albany, where they weie authorized to be con-
fined for punishment by an act of the last Con-
gress. I believe about one hundred and forty
piisoncrs were thus transferred from this jail
under the direction of the marshal, and perhaps
under his personal supervision, to Albany; and
from the papers submitted to the committee we
found that the charges of the marshal for trans-
ferring them fiom this city to Albany were
$0,814 20. It seemed to the committee that th.it
kind of exorbitant charge was an improvident
transaction, which appeared to call for some in-
terference on the part of Congress to regulate the
affairs of the jail; and to provide agamst a repeti-
tion of that, we have made it the duty of the
warden who is to have special care of this prison
to perform that work as a poi tion of the duties
of jailer, charging therefor simply the actual ex-
penses, and there does not seem to be any good
reason why he should charge any more.
I believe that these were the two reasons which
influenced the committee to repoit this bill. If
these are at all satisfactory to the honorable Sen-
ator from Maiyland, 1 hope he will not find it
necessaiy to oppose the bill further.
Mr. JOHNSON. If they were ntall satisfac-
tory I would not oppose it; but they are any-
thing but satisfactory. The fact which the Sen-
ator states, that it cost over six thousand dollais
to convey mote than one hundred and forty pris-
oners from here to Albany, may or may not he a
good ground of charge against the marshal; but
it is not so great a charge as one would suppose.
Thousands seem large, but it is only about forty-
five dollars a man, I think. He has to take them
from here, keep them on the road, provide for
them—how he provides 1 do not know. He has
to guard them. I suppose I hat if he takes eight
or ten prisoners at a time he must have two or
three men to guard them,-and be must pay the
guaids. Hut if it was not so, if it is ti ue that the
committee, with the sanction of the Senate, mean
to act upon the principle thatevery officer is to be
legislated out who charges the Government too
much, our whole business would be taken up in
legislating officers out. The proper way to meet
such a case would be to goto the President if the
man has not performed Ins duty. He can be
turned out by the President at any time; and I
submit to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia that it is really a reflection on the Presi-
dent to put the necessity of this bill on the ground
that theie is in office a man who gets his appoint-
