1864.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
147
Laws of the United States.
38tii Cong. ... 1st Seas.
tion exceptjfor deficiencies actually existingupon
contracts made by the Navy Department.
For erecting naval hospital at Kittery, Maine,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For extending naval asylum at Philadelphia,
seventy-five thousand dollars.
For erecting naval hospital at Washington city,
District of Columbia, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
Capitol police for the Senate, four thousand and
three dollars and seventy-five cents.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
stationery for the Senate, six thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
miscellaneous items for the Senate, twenty thou-
sand dollars: Provided,, That hereafter no pay-
ment shall be made from the contingent fund of
either House of Congress, unless sanctioned by
the Committee to Audit and Control the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate, or the Committee on
Accounts of the House of Representatives, re-
spectively; and no transfer of balances of appro-
priations shall be made from one fund to another,
except by law.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
compensation of the officers, clerks, messengers,
and others receiving an annual salary in the em-
ploy of the House of Representatives, seven thou-
sand three hundred and sixty-five dollars and
nineteen cents.
To enable the Librarian of Congress to employ
an additional laborer from February first to the
end of the current fiscal year, two hundred and
eig_ht dollars.
For contingent expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives, viz:
Forclerks to committees, and temporary clerks
in the office of the House of Representatives, one
thousand eight hundred and sixty-six dollars.
For folding documents, forty thousand dollars.
For fuel and lights, including pay of engineers,
firemen, and laborers, repairs and materials, six
thousand five hundred dollars.
For furniture, repairs, and packing-boxes for
members, eight thousand five hundred dollars.
For laborers, eight hundred and thirty-two dol-
lars and seventy-eight cents.
For stationery, nine thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the re-
mainder or unexpended balance of twenty-one
thousand two hundredand seven dollarsan4 fifty-
six cents, for engraving, electrotyping, and lith-
ographing, be, and the same is hereby, transferred
to the miscellaneous item of the contingent fund
of the House of Representatives.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the Pres-
ident shall appoint, in the Treasury Department,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
an additional Assistant Secretary of the Treasury,
whose salary shall be'three thousand dollars per
annum, who shall perform all such duties in the
office of the Secretary of the Treasury , belonging
to that Department, %s shall be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, or as may be required
by law; and the sum of two thousand dollars, or
so much thereof as may be found necessary, be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the- payment of said salary for the
current fiscal year.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That there be
appropriated, to supply deficiencies for repair of
the coal and landing wharfat Key West, to erect
a crane thereon, and to cover the extension of the
machine shop at that point, ten thousand dollars.
Sec. 5. And be itfurther enacted, That there be
appropriated, for paymentofletter-carriers to July
^ first, eighteen hundredand sixty-four, to be paid
•out of the revenues ofthe Post Office Department,
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Sec. C. And be it further enacted, That in addi-
tion to the clerical force now authorized by law,
the following clerks and employes are hereby au-
thorized in the several Departments and offices
hereinafter specified, to be employed and continue
only during the rebellion, and for one year after
its close, viz:
In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury,
one clerk of class four, one of class three, eight of
class two, and fourteen of class one.
In the construction branch of the Treasury, one
superintending architect; one assistant architect,
two clerks of class four, four of class three, two
ofc!assone,and one.messenger at an annual salary
of six hundred dollars.
In the First Comptroller's office, five clerks of
class four, and one clerk of class four substituted
for one of class-one.
In the Second Comptroller's office,'five clerks of
class four, six of class three, ten of class two, and
fifteen of class one.
In the First Auditor's office, two clerks of class
four, and one of class two.
In the Second Auditor's office, fifteen clerks of
class three, fifty of class two, and one hundred and
forty of elass one, and one clerk at nine hundred
dollars per annum.
In the Third Auditor's office, two clerks of class
'four, two of class three, five erf class two, twenty-
four of class one, and one messenger at a salary of
seven hundred dollars per annum, and two la-
borers atan annual salary of six hundred dollars
each.
In the Fourth Auditor's office, five clerks of
class four, nine of class three, nine of class two,
thirty-fire of class one, and,one laborer at an an-
nual salary of six hundred dollars.
In the Fifth Auditor's office, one clerk of class
four, to be substituted for one of class three.
In the Treasurer's office, four clerks of class
four, two of class three, seventeen of class two,
and six of class one. ,
In the Register's office, four clerks ofclass four,
six of class three, six of class two, eight of class
one, and one messenger at a salary of seven hun-
dred dollars per annum*
In the office of the Commissioner of Customs,
one clerk of class three, three of class two, and
four of class one.
In the office 6f the Secretary of the Navy, two
clerks of class four.
In the office ofthe Adjutant General, two clerks
of class four, eight ofclass three, nineteen ofclass
two, and seventy-four of class one.
In the office of the Quartermaster General, fif-
teen clerks of class three, thirty-five of class two,
one hundred and ten of class one, and six laborers
at an annual salary of six hundied dollars each.
In the Paymaster General's office, nine clerks of
class three, twenty-six of class two, seventy-five
ofclass one, three messengers atan annual salary
of eight hundred and forty dollars _eaeh, and four
watchmen at an annual salary of six hundred dol-
lars each.
In the Commissary General's office, ten clerks
of class two, and thirty of class one.
In the office ofthe ChiefofOrdnance, two clerks
ofclass four, seven of class three, eleven of .class
two, seventy-four of class one, and nine laborers
at an annual salary of six hundred dollars each.
In the office of the Chief Engineer, one clerk of
class four, and one of class two.
And the several clerks and employes author-
ized by this section shall be appointed by the heads
ofthe Departments to which they are severally at-
tached, aud'the amount necessary to pay their sal-
aries from the time of their appointment to the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
is hereby appropriated therefoi; and the heads of
the said several departments are hereby author-
ized to employ females instead of any ofthe clerks
hereinbefore designated, at an annual compensa-
tion not exceeding six hundred dollars per yesy,
whenever, m theiropmion, the same can be done
consistently with the interests ofthe public ser-
vice: Provided, however, That the clerks hereby
authorized in the Treasury Department and its bu-
reaus shall not be in addition to the temporary
clerks now employed therein, under former appro-
priations for that purpose, but shall include the
same.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That so much
of the act entitled "An act to provide for the ap-
pointmentofan Assistant Register of the Trea sui y
Department, and a Solicitor for the War Depart-
ment, and for other purposes,"approved Febru-
ary twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-thiee,
as limits the office of the Assistant Register of the
Treasury to a term of one year, is hereby re-
pealed.
Approved, March 14, 18G4.
Chap. XXXI.—An i^;t in relation to University
Lands in Washington Territory. -
Whereas it is declared in the fourth section of
the act of Congress approved July seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, amendatory ofthe
act approved September twenty-seventh, eighteen
hundred and fifty, creating the office of surveyor
general of the public lands ip Oregon, etc.," that
in lieu ofthe two townships of land granted to the
Territory of Oregon, by the tenth sectiQn of the
act of eighteen hundred and fifty, for universities,
there shall be reserved to each of the Territories
of Washington and Oregon, two townships of
land of thirty-six sectiohs'ieach, to be selected in
legal subdivisions, for university purposes, under
the direction ofthe Legislatures of saidTerritories,
respectively;" and whereas it is represented that
sales have been made by territorial authorities of
lands selected in virtue of the terms of said act of
seventeenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
authorizing selections to be "reserved," merely
under the conviction that they had the power to
dispose ofthe same as a fee-simple grant: There-
fore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United'States of Americain Congress
assembled, That in all c,ases of sales made to indi-
viduals by the territorial authorities prior to the
passage of this act, in which it may be shown to
the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Interior,
that such sales were bona fide and of the class
hereinbefore mentioned, and that the tracts so sold
are selections in all other respects regular and
proper, it shall and may be lawful for the said Sec-
retary to approve such selection as a grant in fee
simple, and a transcript, certified under the seal
of the General Land Office by the Commissioner
thereof, of such approval, shall vest the title in the
Territory and in its bona fide vendees.
Approved, March 14, 1864.
Chap. XXXIII.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled " An Act to regulate Trade and Intercourse
with the Indian Tribes, and to preserve Peace
on the Frontiers,"approved June thirtieth,eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the twentieth section of the act
to regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes and to preserve peace on the frontiers, ap-
proved June thirtieth,eighteen hundredand thirty-
four, be, and the same is hereby, amended so ua
to read asYollows, to wit: " Sec. 20. And be itfur-
ther' enacted, That if any person shall sell, ex-
change, give, barter, or dispose of any spirituous
liquors or wine to any Indian under the charge of
any Indian superintendent or Indian agent up-
pointed by the United States, or shall introduce
or attempt to introduce any spirituous liquor or
wine into the Indian country, such person, on
conviction thereof, before the proper district or
circuit court of the United States, shall be impris-
oned for a period not exceeding two years, and
shall be fined not more than three hundred dol-
lars: Provided, however, That it shall be a suf-
ficient defense to any charge of introducing or
attempting to intioduce liquor into the Indian
counti y if it be proved to be done by order of the
War Department, or any officer duly authorized
thereunto by the War Department. And if any
superintendent of Indian affairs, Indian agent, or
sub-agent, or commanding officer of a military
post, has reason to suspect or is informed that
any white person or Indian is about to introduce
or has introduced any spirituous liquor or wine
into the Indian country^in violation of the pro-
visions of this section, it shall be lawful for such
superintendent, agent, sub-agent, or commanding
officer, to causc the boats, stores, packages, wag-
ons, sleds, and places of deposit of such person
to be searched; and if any such liquor w found
therein, the same, together with the boats, teams,
wagons, and sleds used in conveying the same,
and iaIso the goods, packages,and peltries of such
person shuH be seized-and delivered to the proper
officcr, and shall bo proceeded against, by libel in
the proper court, and forfeited, one half to the
informer and the other half to the use of the Uni-
ted States; and if such person be a trader, his
