1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LQBE.
JMI
Mr. AN CON A stated thai his colleague, Mr.
Johnson, had gone home sick, and had paired
with Mr. Ancerson; also that Mr. Miller, of
Pennsylvania, was paired off.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded. a
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was'ac-
cordingly read the third time.
- Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were Ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs.- Allison, Ames, Aneona, Arnold. Ash-
ley, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter^ Blaine, Blow, Boydr
Ambrose W. piark, Uobb, Cole, Henry Winter Davis,
Thomas T. David, Dawes, Denfsoii, Priggs, Eekley,Eliot,
Fenton, Frank, Garfield, Goocii,Grlrmell, Griswold, Hale,
Higby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asaliel VV. Ilubbard, John H.
Hubbard, Hulburd, liitsersoll, Jeiickes, Julian, Kasson,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Kin«, T.ittle-
jotin,'l,oan, Ijonsyear, Marvin, McCturg, Samuel F. Miller,
MoorJiead, Morrill, Daniel Moms, Amos Alyers, Leonard
Myers, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Ortli, Patterson, Perharn,
l'riee, Alexander li. Rice, John II. Rice, Edward H. Rol-
lins, Sclieuek, Scofield, Shannon, Sumiiers, Stair,Stevens,
Strouse, THayei, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenbtirgh, Elihu
B. Washbutne, William 1!. Washburn, Wheeler, Williams,
Wilder, Wilson, VVinilom, and Woodbridge—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Bliss, JamesS. Brown, Edgerton, Eld-
ridge, Fmek, Grider«gardinsr, Harrington, Charles M. Har-
ris. Herrick, llolmanTlIutcliins, Le Blond, Long, Mallorv,
Marcy, McDowell, Morrison, Noble, Pendleton, Perry,
Pruyn, Ross, Wadsvvorth, CliUton A. White, and Joseph
W. White- 26.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MOOPd-IEAD stated that Mr. McAllis-
ter, who would have voted for the bill, was paired
off with some gentleman on the other side of the
House.
Mr. WASHBUPvN, of Massachusetts, stated
that Mr. Boutwell was paired off with Mr. Mid-
dleton.
Mr. ODELL stated that Mr. Steele, of New
York, was called home in consequence of sick-
ness.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I have paired off with
Mr. Blair, of West Virginia. I had forgotten
the fact, and if 1 have given any vote which will
change the result I ask to have it'withdrawn.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leaves of absence.
Mr. PRUYN. I askieave of absence for one
week.
There was tio objection, and the leave was
granted.
Mr. HALE. I ask leave of absence for my
colleague, Mr. McAllister, for one week.
There was no objection, and the leave was
gi anted.
Mr. GRINNELL. I ask leave of absence for
myself from Wednesday next, on account of
sickness m my family.
There was no objection, and the leave was
granted.
Mr. BOYD. I ask leave of absence for five
days.
There was no objection, and the leave was
granted.
And then, on motion of Mr. FENTON, (at
twenty minutes past five o 'clock, p.m.,)the House
adjourned till Monday.
IN SENATE.
lytoNDAY, June 6, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev, Dr. Bowman.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
Saturday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see that any one
is listening to the reading of the Journal, and 1
thciefore move that it be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The further
reading will be dispensed with, if there be no ob-
jection. The Chair hears none.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented seventeen memori-
als of citizens of Massachusetts, remonstrating
against the extensioh of the Goodyear patent for
the manufacture of vulcanized India rubber;
which were referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
The PRESIDENT pre tempore presented a pe-
tition "of men and women of Candia, New Hamp-
shire, praying for the abolition of slavery and
such an amendment of the Constitution as will
forever prohibit its existence in any portion of
the Union; which was referred to the select com-
mittee oh slavery and freedmen.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also presented
a memorial of commanders and lieutenant com-
manders in the United States Navy praying for
an increase of the grades of captain and com-
mander in the Navy; which was referred to the,
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of St. Paul, Minnesota^
remonstrating againstaction at the present session
of Congress terminating the reciprocity trenty
between the United States and Great Britain, and
praying that the whole subject be referred to an
international commission; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citizens
of the United States praying for the passage of
the bill (H. R. No. 276) to secure to persons in
the military and naval service of the United States
homesteads on confiscated or forfeited estates in
insurrectionary districts; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented seven petitions of
men and women of the United States, praying
for the abolition of slavery and such an amend-,
ment ef the Constitution as will forever prohibit
its existence in any portion of the Unionwhich
Were referred to the select committee on slavery
and freedmen.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Commiitce on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
£77) making a grant of lands to the Territories
of Dakota and Idaho, in alternate sections, to aid
in the construction of certain railroads m said
Territories, to connect with the railroad system
of Minnesota, have directed me to report it with-
out amendment, and with a recommendation that
the further consideration thereof be postponed to
the next session of Congress, on the ground that
the committee has not sufficient information in
respect to the localities and the geography of that
country to make a report in favor of the bill at
this time.
Mr. PESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
240) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian departrcrentf
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1805;
reported it with -amendments.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a memorial
of 0. C. Nielson, reported a bill (S. No. 301)
for the sale of a lot of land in Iowa, in the Fort
Crawford reservation; which was read and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution to
print five thousand additional copies ot the Army
Register for the use of the Senate, reported it
without amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion, and it was agreed to.
PRINTING OF NATIONAL CURRENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resoh,cd, That two thout-and copies of the currency act
he printed lor the Uf,e of tin: Comptroller of the Curieucy.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; winch was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the PieMilerit be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public lnteiests, to communicate to the
Senate any information that may have been recently re-
ceived in regard to tile condition of the African slave trade,
and measuics for its suppression in the l-sland of Cuba.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HODSE.
A niesMii^e from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhlrson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 49-1) to increase the duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes; and
A bill (No. 511),to provide for thejryorjspeedy
punishment of guerrillas, and ro'rothef purposes,
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. >-
The message further announced that, the
Speaker of the House of Represfefrtatives' had
signed the following enrolled bills;'Wiich Snjefe
thereupon signed by the President jjro itiUpore;'
A bill (H. R1. No. 293);to provide for the'pay-
ment of the second regiment, third brigade, Ohio
volunteer militia during the time they were mus-
tered -into the service of the United1 States; hhd
A bill (H. R: No. 455) to- punish and prevent
the counterfeiting of coin of the'Uiiited States.
i". „land claims qf "Wisconsin!',. i
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move totakfe<up, with
a view to di^poseof i* if possible, Senate joint
resolution No. 8.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-<
sumed the consideration of the joint1 resolution
(S. No. 8) for the relief of the State oP Wiscori-
sin. ■ *' ' ' "•
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.' Thte question
is'on concurring in the -Senate-with the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole, as
amended.
The amendment; as amended, Was concurred iii."
The jo.int resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I notice that the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] is absent, and I think
he' had an amendment* tha'f he desired to offer or
was about to offer when this resolution wentover
on Saturday, I hope, therefore, it will be passed
over for the present.
Mr. HENDRICKS. He did offer his amend-
ment. He had several amendments which were
offered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He rose to offer an amend-
ment when the resolution went' over.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 understand he rose to
offer another amendment when it went over. As
we dispensed with the reading of the Journal this
morning, we commenced business a little sooner
than ordinary, and 1 suppose he wijl be in pres-
ently. I do not wish to delajr it myself. , Let it
lie over for a few minutes until he comes in, and
then I will make no objection to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS., I had not observed that
he was not present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be passed over for the present.
' ship canal in wisconsin.
• Mr. CARL1LE. If the Senator from Indiana
is not ready to, proceed with that resolution, I
will move to take up tlie bill (S.No. 211) grant-
ing to the State of Wisconsin a donation of pub-
lic land to aid in the construction of a ship canal
at the head of Sturgeon bay, in the county of
Door, in said State, to connect the waters of
Green bay with Lake Michigan in said State.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to grant to the State
of Wisconsin, for the purpose of aiding the State
in constructing and completing the canal, two hun-
dred thousand acres of publiclands, to deselected
in subdivisions,,agieeably to the United States
suivevs by an agent or agents to be appointed by
the Governor of the State, subject Jo the approval
of the Secretary of the Interior, from any lands
ly in" east ofthe eighty-ninth meridian of longitude
and north of the forty-fourth parallel of latitude,
within the State of Wisconsin, and the upper
peninsula ofthe State of Michigan, subject to pri-
vate entry. The lands thus granted are to be sub-
ject to the disposal of the Legislature of the State
for the purposes mentioned, and no other, and the
canal is to be and remain a public highway for
the use of the Government of the United States,
free from toll or other charge upon the vessels of
the Government engaged in the public service, or
upon vessels employed by the Government m the
trunspoi tation of any property or troops of the
United Slates. If the canal is not commenced
within tluee and completed within tqn years the
Suie of Wisconsin is to be bound to pay to the
United States the amount which may be received
upon the bcilo of any part of the landa by tin: State,
not less than $1 25 per acre, the title to the pur-
chasers under the State remaining valid.
