THi" €0^iGKESS10MAB: ^GLGBE.
June (j.
^TKe legislature of the State is tb cause.to be.
kept an accurate account of the sales and net pro-
ceeds of iheiands granted, and Of alt expenditures
in thg construction, repairs, and operating, of the
canal? and of its earnings, and rfeturn a statement
$f them annually to the Secretary of the Interior;
arid,,whenever the State shall be fully reimbursed
for all ad varices made for the construction, repairs,
and operating of the canal, with legal interest on
alf advances until the reimbursement of the same,
or upon payment by the United States of any
balance of such a&vanpes over such receipts from
the J$qdgvand canal-, with such interest, the State
is to be allowed to tax for the use of the canal
only such tolls as'shall be sufficient to pay all ne-
sefeaary, .-expenses for the care, charge, and repairs
of'the same. Before it.shall be competent for the
State to dispose of any o*f the lands to be selected
tlw* route,of thd canal is to be established, and a
plat or plats,thereof to be filed in the oftifce of the
Commissioner ofttbe General Land Office; but the
canal is to beat least one hundred feet wide, with
a.depth of .water.of fifteen feet.
. The Cota miu,ee on Public Lands reported the
bill will) amendments. The first amendment was
in section one, line five, to strike out the word
" two" and insert•* one;" so that it will reads'
Thatihere be, and is hereby, granted to the said State
of VWcorisin, lorth'e putpose of aiding &aul State in con-
structing and completing said canal, one hundied thou-
sand aeies of public lands. &c.'
■ The amendment Was agreed to. ;
The next Amendment was in section one, line
nine, after the word '* lying" to strike out the
following words:
Ea^t of the eighty- ninth mmdiiui of longitude and north
of the forty lomtii parallel of latitude, within the State of
Wisconsin, and the upper peninsula.of the Suite of Michi-
gan, subject to private enuy.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Within sixty miles of the western terminus of said ca-
nal, subject to private entry: Promoted, Thai all lands to
which tin* u^lit of pte<impuon or homestead (settlement
luis attached, and lands heretofore served to the United
.States by any act o! Congress, or in any other manner by
competent authority, an uL-h> mineial land^, be, and they
arc .hereby, excepted irom the giant heieiu made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bdl \v«9 reported to theSenateasnmended,
aiul the amendments Were concurred in.
Mr. GRIMES. I observe that this bill em-
bodies what I understand to be a" new principle
in granting the public lands; and I merely rise
to inquire of the Committee on Public Lands
whether they tire prepared to recommend that
Congress shall adopt as the settled policy in the
future the principle upon which I think this bill
is based. Heretofore it has been the rule, if I am
not mistaken, that lands have always been granted
in alternate sections, the reserved sections being
invariably increased in value in consequenec of
the giant to the State or Territory or company,
and thus the hYderal Government has not been
the loser pecuniarily by the grant. This bill, I
observe, allows the State to take the lands to be
granted in a solid body anywhere beyond a cer-
tain parallel of latitude. Thus they can take up
one hundred thousand acres of land and retain it
entirely exempt fioiu taxation or settlement, or
occupation of tiny kind, and much to the detri-
ment, if seems to me, of the public interests. It
is unlike any bill that I have known that has
passed Congress.
Mr. HARLAN. My colleague is right in the
statement ofthefactand principle involved in this
bill. There ure no reservations made of alternate
sections. It is intended that the State may select,
any public lands within a limit of sixty miles to
an amount not exceeding one hundred thousand
acres, to aid in constructing-this work. The reason
the committee authorized the report of the bill
with that amendment, reducing the amount of
land granted, was because of their conviction of
the great importance of the work itself. They
believed that the work was of sufficient conse-
quence to justify the Government in making a
dnvct appropriation frora the Treasury, but they
were not willing at this time in the condition of
the countt y to recommend an appropriation of the
money. Hence they agreed toieport a bill mak-
ing a direct appropriation of lands instead of
money. It is {in a new principle. There arc no
reservations made, and the Government will de-
rive no advantage from the " construction of the
work in the increased value to other lauds that
may be retained adjaccnt to the'work." It is due
to tiie Senate that t'hat/act should be stated. The
principle that controlled the committee was this:
they thought the work was of sufficient import-
ance to justify a direct appropriation of the money
from the Treasury. They believe that this will
make one of the best harbors on the lake, and that
it ought to bo'improved for the "purpose of pro-
tecting our commerce. With this statement I leave
it to the Senate. '
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is due also to the Sen-
ate to state that it'is not entirely without prece-
dent. In the grant of lands to create the Sault
St. Marie canal the same principle was adopted.
This bill follows that. It was a grant of so many-
acre's of jand -to be selected within a certain, "re-
gion of country to aid in the construction of the
b'ault St'. Marie canal, which connected Lake
Superior with Lake Huron and Lake Michigan.
This bill, therefore, is notaltogether without pre-
cedent.
The honorable Senator from Iowa has hardly
stated the importance'of-the opening of this point
as a harbor on the west coajst" of Lake Michigan
in as strong language as the, facts will bear. It
is a long distance between the harbor of Sheboy-
gan, the only one that is open to vessels in a storm,
and Death's Door upon the north, the entrance
of Green bay, one hundred and fifty miles prob-
ably, and on that coast shipwrecks sometimes
take place. The opening of this canal of only a
mile and a half will connect the deep waters of
Green' bay with Lake Michigan, and will shorten
the navigation for alt vessels that desire to go to
Green bay when they are on the way to Chi-
cago probably one hundred and fifty miles on the
round trip.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time,and passed.
LAND CLAIMS OF WISCONSIN-—AGAIN.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator fiom Iowa
[Mr. Hari-an] is now in his seat, and I hope the
resolution called up by the Senator from Indiana
a short time since will now resume its place arid
be taken up for consideration.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from In-
diana will consent, as that resolution will proba-
bly occupy the morning hour, to allow me to call
up the bill in relation to the College Rancho in
California, which was under consideration the
other day and which will not now excite any dis-
cussion, as we are agreed upon it, and let it be
passed. It will only occupy a moment. With
his consent I will make the motion to take up that
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator f om Wisconsin withdraw his motion? ;
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will say to my honor-
able friend from California that I do not know
that this resolution is to be discussed any more
than it has been discussed; we are ready to vote
as I understand it.
Mr. CONJNESS. I hope that will be the case.
I have no objection to its being taken up if that
is so.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the joint lesolution
(S. No. 8) for the relief of the State of Wisconsin.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 moved on last Saturday to
amend the amendment adopted in Committee of
the Whole by striking out all of the amendment
after the word "canal" m the twentieth line.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be ne-
cessary for the Senator to reconsider the vote or-
dering the resolution to be lead a thud tune.
Mr. HARLAN. I oifered that amendment at
the moment the specmi order way called up on
last Saturday, so that I think the question was
not put upon it at the time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
may not be aware of the fact that the resolution
has been up this morning and been ordered to a
third reading when the Senator was out of his
seat.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote ordering the resolution to be read
a third time.
Mr. HOWE. 1 do not wish'to take any ad-
vantage, but really 1 suppose the Senator is not
| authorized to move a reconsideration of that vote,
1 as he was not present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was present, and I will
make a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the joint resolution was ordered to a third reading.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I nowgnake the motion to
amend the amendment by striking out ail after
the word " canal" in the twentieth iine to the end
of the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ,,There is an-
other vote that will have to be reconsidered first,
and that is on.concurring in the amendment made
in Committer of the Whole as amended-. That
will be regarded -as reconsidered by unanimous
consent, if there be no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to strike out all
of the amendment after the word " canal," in the
twentieth line, in the following words:
And the said Secretary shall also settle onti allow to the
Milwaukee ond Rock River Canal Company sueh suuw of
money as have been properly expended.by said company
in the survey and location of said canal, in theeonsti octiou
thereof as far as the same has been constructed, toother
with dams, locks, and slack-water navigation, and in the
management and keeping the same m lepair; and the same
shall be paid to the wud canal company out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise nppiopriated, not e\ceeding
in amount, however, the balance charged acamstthe State
of Wisconsin upoh the sales of said canal lands, as above
lequirod, after deducting the sum allowed said State for
money .paid by her out of the same fuad. The samp to be
received by said canal company in fuff payment and satis-
faction of all claims of said company against the State of
Wisconsin and of the United States on account of said ca-
nal land grant, or on account of any action of theTeiritory
or State of Wisconsin, or ol the United States, in relation
thereto.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office be, and he is hereby, ap-
pointed comrmssiyner to adjust the accounts herein pro-
vided for, under the supervision of the Sccietary of the tri-
terior, and to determine, what sum shall be charged to said
State of Wisconsin foi the lands gianted fot the construc-
tion of said canal; and what sums s-haH be ei edited, re-
spectively, to said State and said company for the moneys
expended by them In the eonstiuetion of said lock-, and
canal as herein provided.
I ask for the yeas and nays upon this amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to have an
explanation of the effect of that amendment be-
fore voting upon it. 1 do not know that I under-
stand it. I hope that the Senator from Iowa, or
some other Senator, will explain the elfect of it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not wish to take up
time in discussing it, but I will simply say this
to my friend from Iowa: originally those of us
who have represented the State of Wisconsin have
made the same-claim which the Senator from Iowa
now makes in our behalf; that is to say, that it
belonged to uS to settle with our incorporated
companies and did not belong to Congress; yet,
from the fact that the committees of the House
of Representatives and the committees of the Son-
ate.have always reported that we stood in the po-
sition of a trustee for the benefit of tins company,
holding these lands, and that we were so related
to them that it was necessary that Congress should
make some provision or some kind of settlement
with the company, we have felt ourselves con-
strained to yield to the judgment of the conmiit-
teesandhave consented that this settlement should
take place in this way. 1 shall, therefore, becon-
strained to vote against the amendmentof the Sen-
ator from Iowa because I want this thing to come
to an end; it is nearly twenty years old, and un-
less we accede to what the committee report we
shall never get an end to this thing and never have
it settled and Wisconsin will be out of her five per
cent. fund.
Mr. POMEROY. I will say in addition to what
the Senator from Wisconsin has said that the
committee have had Ihe matter in charge for two
years. We made a report upon it last year, but
the committee were not unanimous, and we did
not press it to the vote. This year the same sub-
ject was before the committee and we have agreed
finally, unanimously, to this report, and I think
the bill ought to pass as the committee have in-
ported it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee were not
unanimous. I understand the Senator from Iowa,
the chairman of the committee, to object to it.
Mr. POMEROY. This icsolution was ieported
from the Committee on Claims and not from the
Committee on Public Lands. I neverknew that
the Committee on Public Lands had anything to
do with it.
Mr. CLA RK. I do not think this amendment
