2754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
agrees to fulfill the obligations of the Territory, and
the only obligation pertinent for examination here
to-day, as it seems to me, m her obligation to pay
the United States ยง2 50 an acre for that land, pro-
vided the canal should not be completed in ten
years. It has been thus understood from thauime
to the present, and she has been charged with the
whole of that land tit that rate from that time to
this.
The case then stands thus: Wisconsin has a
right to five per cent, of the net proceeds of the
sales of the public lands. She has received the
whole of this in money as it fell due up to 1851,
and sincc then in credits which have been entered
on the books of the Treasury of the United States;
so that she has received up to this time the whole
of that five per cent., either in money or in cred-
its on the books of the Department. Butshehaf?
received since then her 500,000 acres of land, and
had received before that 13^,000 acres of land,
which was diminished by 13,000, I think, which
was added to and became a part of the 500,000
acres, leaving an excess appropriated to Wis-
consin of 125,000 acres of land more than the
other new States received. She has received in
money and in credits the whole of the five per
cent.; she has received in land 625,000 acres,
125,000 acres of land more than enough to make
her equal with the other new landed State# m tins
respect. For that excess of 125,000 acres she has
been charged at the Treasury Department at the
rate of $2 50 an acre.
What I seek to do is to so modify that charge
as to hold her responsible for this excess of one
hundred and twenty-five thousand acres of land
at the rate of $1 25 an acre, not that she will be
entitled to this under the law technically, hut as
she sold the land for $1 25 an acre, as u i.s said,
and I think truly, it would seem to me to be wrong
to hold her responsible for the $2 50 an acre for
this excess. It would be unjust to Wisconsin.
If we charge her thatamount she would not then
be equal to the other new States in this respect;
she will have been charged too much. But if you
charge her #1 25 an acre only she will stand on
an equal footing with the other new States. If
tlie amendment I suggested on Saturday yhould
prevail this will be settled in that way, putting
ner on an equal footing with the other States, giv-
ing her the whole of her five percent, and the
whole of her five hundred thousand acres ofland.
But the Committee on Claims propose to mod-
ify this, first, by giving Wisconsin an additional
credit. You charge her with one hundred and
twenty-five thousand acres of land at $1 25 an
acre, and then credit her with " the amount that
has been legally and properly applied by said State
orTeiritory towards the cost of selling said land,
and towards the construction of said canal.11 ll
that remains in the amendment of the committee
you will have given Wisconsin that much in ex-
cess of the other new State*. But then the com-
mittee proposes, in the next place, to take out of
the treasury of Wisconsin indirectly, to take out
of her school fund, to diminish her five percent,
the whole amount that may have been applied to
this work by a corporation existing in Wisconsin,
to take the money provided for by Congieas in
1841 and granted to all the new States, which the
most of them have sincc diverted for the .support
of schools, to lake it away from the school fund
and turn it over to this rotten corporation; and
they do this on what ground? Because they
say it is probable that Wisconsin will not pay
that company. Why do they mistrust Wiscon-
sin? Why do they suppose that the State of
Wisconsin will not pay that claim if it is a just
claim? Do they suppose that the people of Wis-
consin are an unjust community; that the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin cannot be tiusted to settle
claims between their own corporations and the
State itself? There is no other pretext alleged
here on this floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will allow
me, I will answer his question on that particular
point by stating to him that the State of Wiscon-
sin pleaded the statute of limitations by her Gov-
ernor.
Mr. HARLAN. But that would not contiol
the Legislature, i suppose the statute of limita-
tions in Wisconsin is a creature of th0 L>""ih!a-
ture itself. The Legislature Uvui unacted*5 that
statute of limitations can modify or repeal it- so
that the answer of the Senator goes for naught.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to make one remark in
regard to the answer of the Senator from Indiana.
1 do not know upon what authority he asserts that
the State of Wisconsin pleads the statute of limita-
tions. I do not know that she has ever done it.
l do not know that she has ever been impleaded
in this cause or by this company. I know that
by her constitution her courts are open to the
suits of her citizens and of all the citizens who
can sue in any of the courts of the United States,
and this company has not commenced a suit
against her; and therefore the State has had no
opportunity to plead the statute of limitations.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will state to the Sena-
tor that an act of the Legislature of Wisconsin
in the extra session of 1862 provided to ascertain
and settle the liabilities of the State toward this
company,and provided to do it through arbitra-
tors; but the Governor and officers of the State
required as a term of submission to the arbitra-
tors that it should be provided for that the statute
of limitations should be a defense. That is the
mode in which it was pleaded.
Mr. HOWE. 1 understand the facts to be a
little different from what the Senatoralleges: that
the commissioners who were authorized to sub-
mit this to arbitration a year or two since were
required to waive the statute of limitations and
declined to do so.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not perceive that the
settlement of that question between the Senator
from Wisconsin and the Senator from Indiana
can weigh anything the one way or the other in
this controversy. If the Legislature of Wiscon-
sin has enacted a certain .statute of limitations,
the same Legislature can repeat it, modify it, or
relax it by special law in relation to this particu-
lar ea^e.
So the question returns, why do you want to
take the money out of the Treasury of the United
States due to "Wisconsin as a part of her school
fund and turn it over to this company? There
can be no other reason assigned only that the
company distrust the honesty or the justice of the
State of Wisconsin; the one or the other. If they
believe their claim to be a good one, then they
mistrust the honesty of Wisconsin, if they be-
lieve their claim to be ei rotten arid bad one, as
I do, then tliey distrust the honesty and mtegnty
of the Legislatuie of Wisconsin. !
The Senators from that State take the same
view I hat I do, hut they will vote for the report
of the committee against their better judgment,
because these men are lobbying around Congress,
and have induced the members who have reported
this resolution from time to time to believe or
they do believe that the resolution ought not to
pans without payment to this company. Because
this impression exists, not because either of the
Senators from Wisconsin believes it, hut because
other Senators have acquired that opinion in some
way, therefore they will waive their own judg-
ments and permit this unjust claim to be paid,
which is of over twenty years' standing, for the
sake of receiving on their part what little may
yet be remaining after the payment of that claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The morning hour having expired,
it becomes the duty of the Chair to call up the
special ouler, which is the unfinished business of
yesterday, the tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to postpone the spe-
cial order in order that we may proceed with and
close this subject.
Mr GRIMES. The understanding was that
we should take up the tax bill and sit it out to-
day; but if we are going to occupy another hour
or two with this business, I do not pledge myself
to sit here through the night in order to get
through with the tax bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I think a vote may be taken
very soon. The Senator from Iowa has spent
three mornings upon this resolution, and I pre-
sume he has not got much more to say, and we
can take the vote when he has concluded.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have a few remarks to
make.
The motion was not agreed to.
INTERNAL JtKVEXUE.
The Senate letsumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No.405) to provide internal revenue for
the support of the Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes, the
pending question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Collamer to the seventh section of the
bill, line fifteen, by striking out the words:
Bui the number of district-? id any State shall not ex-
ceed the number o! Senator*. and Representatives to winch
fuel! State shall be entitled m tlip present Congre^.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Provided^ That the number of du-trlct* in any State shall
not exceed the number of RcptP*ematives to which such
State was entitled m the Thirty-Seventh (Jongi ess, except m
such Slates as are entitled to an ineiea:;ed cepresentation
in the Thuty-Eighth Congress, in which States the num-
ber of d^tncts shall not exceed the number ol Represent-
atives to wlneh any sueh State mav be so entitled : %dnd
provided further, That m the State of California the Pres-
ident may establish a number nf distncts not exceeding
the number of Senators and Representatives to which said
State is entitled in the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have examined with
some carc the seventh section as itnow stands,and
I think, consistently with the order which has been
taken in relation to this bill in reference to these
amendments which were offered by the honor-
able member from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark]
and were adopted, the much better way of effect-
ing my object will be to strike out the seventh
section as it now stands and insert in place of it
what I send to the Chair. The object of my mo-
tion is instead of making new districts to preserve
the old law, and for that purpose I offer this
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Vermont moves to strike out the amendment
which was adopted and in lieu of the seventh sec-
tion to insert what will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the second sec-
tion of an act entitled " An act to provide internal revenue
tosuppnit the Government and to pay interest on the public
debt," approved July 1, IfcXW, shall remain and continue m
lull torce.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is there nothing in any other
portion of this bill inconsistent with that section?
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe not.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
Senate amendment in section one hundred and
fifty-seven, on page207, by adding the following:
Unless subsequently duly stamped, winch may be done
by the "holder or other person mtere*ted therein if Uie proper
party rclnses or is unable so to do: Provided, The vanie
-diall be invalid and of no effect between the parties ilnuvto
and in the hands of any person or persons with notice, al-
though subsequently stamped, when made, signed, orjbMicd
without being duly stamped, wiih liie intent on the partot
the paities thereto to evade the provisions of this act.
I desire the amendment to come in immediately
after the amendment originally proposed by the
Committee on Finance, and before the amendment
which was adopted on the motion of the Senator
from Vermont. The effect of this amendment will
be to provide that an instrument, when made and
not stamped, may be subsequently stamped by
the parties .interested in it, and that it shall bo
good after being thus subsequently stamped; pro-
vided, however, that if the parties to the instru-
ment at the time of the making theieof have failed
or neglected to put a stamp upon it with a view
to defraud the revenue, then it shall not bo valid
in their hands or m the hands of a holder with
notice.
Mr. JOHNSON. IIow is the holder to know
that?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have provided in the
amendment that " the same shall be invalid and
of no effect between the parties thereto and m the
hands of any person or persons with notice, al-
though subsequently stamped,.when made,signed
or issued without being duly stamped, with the
intent on the part of the parties thereto to evade
the provisions of this act."
Mt*. JOHNSON. I do not know that I under-
stand the amendment very clearly, but, as it
strikes me, it will in a great measure defeat the
provision.
Mr.FESStfNDEN. Entirely.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is not one case in one
hundred where testimony of the intent could bo
found. I speak from some expeiicnce under a
stamp act which we had in Maryland for several
years. Papers were very seldom stamped us long
as they remained in the hands of the onginal
parties. Each party would agree that the stamp
should not be put upon it until thete was a con-
test, and then they put a stamp on, and as those
contests arose very rarely, there was not a stamp
put upon a great many, perhaps a majouty,of
the notes that were issued. It strikes me, and I
