150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28/
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong....1st Sess.
lishing preemption or homestead rights, the reg-
ulations for giving proper effect to the provisions
'of this act to be prescribed by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
Sec. 5*. And be it farther enacted, That where
a precttiptor has taken the initiatory steps re-
quired by existing laws in regard to actual settle-
ment, and is.called away from such settlement by
being actually engaged in the military or naval
service of the United States, and by reason of such
absence is unable to appear at the district land
office, to make, before the register or receiver,
the affidavits required by the thirteenth section of
the preemption act of fourth September, eighteen
hundred and forty-one, the time for filing such
affidavit and making final proof and entry or lo-
cation, shall be extended six months after the ex-
piration of his term of service, upon satisfactory
proof by affidavit, or the testimony of witnesses,
that the said preemptor is so in the service, be-
ing filed with the register of the land office for the
district in which his settlement is made.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted; That the
registers and receivers in the State of California,
in the State of Oregon, and in the Territories
of Washington, Nevada, Colorado, Idaho, New
Mexico, and Arizona, shall be entitled to collect
and receive, in addition to the fees and allowances
provided by this act, fifty per centum of said fees
and allowances as compensation for their ser-
vices: Provided, That the salary and fees allowed
any register or receiver shall not exceed in the
aggregate the sum of three thousand dollars per
annum.
Approved, March 21, 1864.
Chap. XL.—An Act to provide for carrying the
Mails from the United States to Foreign Ports,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of .America in Congress
assembled, That all steamers and sailing vessels
belonging to citizens of the United States, and
bound from any port in the United States to any
foreign port, or from any foreign port to any port
in the United States, shall, before clearance, re-
ceive on board and securely convey all such mails
as the PostOffice Department of the United States,
or any minister, consul, or commercial agent of
the United States abroad shall offer, and promptly
deliver the same to the -proper authorities, on ar-
riving at the port of destination, and shall receive
for such service such reasonable compensation as
may be allowed by law.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That upon
the entry of every steamer or sailing vessel from
any foreign port, the masterorcommander thcieof
shall make return, on oath or affirmation, show-
ing that he has promptly delivered at such for-
eign port or ports all mail.^ placed on board of
the steamer or vessel under fiis command before
clearance fiom the United States. And in case
the master or commander shall fail to make oath
or affirmation as aforesaid, showing that he has
delivered the mails placed o<i hoard his steamer
or vessel m good faith, the said steamer or vessel
shall not be entitled to the privileges of a steamer
or vessel of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and is hereby, authorized to
make contracts, to continue not exceeding four
years, for the transportation of all mailable mat-
ter other than letters, and of such letters as may
be so directed, by the Isthmus of Panama or the
Nicaragua route, or both of them: Provided, That
the expenditure for the service shall not exceed
one hundred and sixty thousand dollars per an-
num. And in case more than one company is
engaged in rendering this service, the Postmaster
General shall determine the proportion which
shall be paid to each.
Sec. 4. And beit further enacted, That all mail-
able matter which may be conveyed by mail west-
ward beyond the western boundary of Kansas,
and eastward from the eastern boundary of Cal-
ifornia shall be subject to prepaid letter postage
rates: Provided, however, That this section shall
not be held to extend to the transmission by mail
of newspapers from a known office of publication
to bona fide subscribers, not exceeding one copy
to each subscriber,   r to franked matter, to and
from the intermediate points between the bound-
aries above named, at the usual rates: Provided
further, That such franked matter shall be subject
to such regulations as to its transmission and de-
livery as the Postmaster General shall prescribe.
Sec. 5. And beit further enacted, That the Post-
master General may, if he shall deem it for the
public interests, enter into contracts for any pe-
riod not exceeding one year, for the (transporta-
tion of the mails in steamships, by sea, between
any of the ports in the United States; and that
the sea service already performed by.his order on
the Atlantic coast and Gulf of Mexico be paid
for out of any moneys appropriated for the ser-
viceof the Post Office Department. Also,forsuch
service already performed upon the Pacific coast
a sum not exceeding fifteen hundred dollars, to be
paid for out of any moneys appropriated for the
service of the Post Office Department.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That if any
person or persons shall paint, print, post, or in
.any other manner place upon, or attach to, any
steamboat or other vessel, or any stage coach or
other vehicle, which steamboat or other vessel,
or stage coach or other vehicle, is not actually
used in carrying the mails of the United States,
the words "United States mail," or any other
words, letters or characters of like import; or if
any person or persons shall give notice, either
by publishing in any newspaper or otherwise,
that any steamboat or other vessel, or any stage
coach or other vehicle, is used in carrying the
mails of the United States, when the same is not
actually so used, every person so offending or
willfully aiding or abetting therein, shall, on con-
viction thereof in any court of competent juris-
diction, be fined in any sum not less than one
hundred nor more than five hundred dollars for
every such offense; one half for the use of the
United States and the other half to the use of the
person informing and prosecuting for the same.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and he is hereby, authorized
and empowered to suspend the operation of so
much of the eighth section of the act of the thirty-
first of August, eighteen hundred and fifty-two,
as authorizes the conveyance of letters otherwise
than in the mails on any such mail routes as in
his opinion the public interest may require.
Approved, March 25, 18G4.
Chap. XLI.—An Act to authorize the President
to negotiate n Treaty with the Klamath, Mo-
doc, and other Indian Tribes in Southeastern
Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President be, and he heieby
is, authorized to conclude a treaty with the Kla-
math, Modoc, and Snake Indians in southeastern
Oregon for the purchase of the country occupied
by ihein.
Sec. 2. And be it further enactcd, That for the
purpose of carrying out the provisions of this act
the sum of twenty thousand dollars be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated from any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior.
Approved, March 2o, 18(54.
Chap. XLI [.-—An Act to carry into effect the
Convention with Ecuador for the mutual Ad-
justment ofCUims.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That, for the purpose of carrying into
effect the convention with Ecuador for the mutual
adjustment of claims, signed at Q.uito, on the
twenty-fifth day of November, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, the commissioner to be appointed
by the President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall be al-
lowed a compensation, in full for his services, of
three thousand dollars, ami ten dollars a day m
commutation of traveling expenses for the time
actually and necessarily occupied in going from
the place of his residence to Guayaquil and re-
turning to his home after the termination of his
duties.
Sec,. 2. And be U further enttclcd, That if the
President shall elect to appoint the minister res-
ident of fhe United States in Ecuador to perform
the duties of commissioner under the convention
aforesaid, said minister shall receive a compen-
sation for his services of fifty per centum of the
sum hereinbefore mentioned, pursuant to the pro-
visions of the ninth section of the act of August
eighteenth, eighteen "hundred and fifty-six, "to
regulate th'e diplomatic and consular systems of
the United States."
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted,- That the Pres-
ident be, and hereby is, authorized to make such
provision for the contingent expenses of the com-
mission under the said convention, including the
moiety of the United States for the compensation
of the umpire, and of the secretary who maybe
chosen by the commissioners, pursuant to the pro-
visions of the convention, as he shall deem just
and proper.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That such
sums of money as may be necessary to carry out
the provisions of this act be, and they are hereby,
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, March 28, 18G4.
Chap. XLV.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Support of the Military Academy for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of lite United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and (he
same arc hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five:
For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and
musicians, one hundred and seventeen thousand
one hundred and seventy-six dollars.
For commutation of subsistence, four thousand
one hundred and sixty-one dollars.
For pay in lieu of clothing to officers'servants,
sixty dollars.
For currentand ordinary expenses, as follows:
repairs and improvements, fuel and apparatus,
forage, postage, telegrams, stationery, transpor-
tation, printing, clerks, miscellaneous and inci-
dental expenses, and departments of instruction,
forty-one thousand two hundred and eighty dol-
lars.
For gradual increase and expense of library,
one thousand dollars.
For expenses of the Board of Visitors, four
thousand dollars.
For forage for artillery and cavalry horses,
eight thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For supplying horses for artillery and cavalry
exercise, one thousand dollars.
For repairs of officers' quarters, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For targets and batteries for artillery exerciso,
one hundred dollars.
For furniture for hospital for cadets, including
fixed wash-tubs, hot and cold water bath appa-
ratus and water closets, one thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of gas pipes and retorts,
three hundred dollars.
For warming apparatus for barracks, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For rebuilding public wharf and opening ap-
proach to the same from the south, six thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
thirty-fifth section of the act entitled "An actfor
enrolling and calling out the national forces, and
for other purposes," approved March three,
eighteen hundred and and sixty-three, shall not be
deemed hereafter to prohibit the payment to en-
listed men employed at the Military Academy of
the extra-duty pay heretofore allowed by law to
enlisted men when employed at constant labor
for not less than ten days continuously.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the first day of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, the annual pay of cadets at the
Military Academy at West Point shall be the same
as that allowed to midshipmen at the Naval Acad-
emy, and the amount necessary for that purpose
is hereby appropriated.
