1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 fSS
submit it to the Senator, that if he wishes to de-
rive a revenue from stamps, ho will in a great
measure defeat the object by the amendment he
proposes. There is no hardship in it, because
every man who takes a note or any other instru-
ment required to be stamped under this law
knows when he receives it that it is not stamped.
The objection met by the amendment of the
Senator from Venaonl rests upon entirely a dif-
ferent ground. In the record of a deed or of any
other instrument of writing which the law re-
quires to transmit property, real or petsonal,it ie
very difficult in point of fact to record the stamp-
ing; and, independent of that, it would be neces-
sary to go through a whole line of title in order
to ascertain whether there was) not some link in
the chain of title which was deficient becausc of
the omission to put on a stamp. That docs not
apply to such a case as is provided for in the
amendment of my friend from Indiana. With the
view I take of it, therefore, I should be disposed
to vote against the amendment.
Mr. HENDIUCKS. 1 desire the attention of
Senators to this amendment, for I think H is really
a very important one. TheSenate Committeeon
Finance amended the biilof the House. The bill
of the House rested on the policy of the old law
that the instrument lacking a stamp should not
thereby be made void, but that the parties should
subject themselves to a penalty. That i believe
was the policy of the last legislation of this sort.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not understand that
the instrument was declared void before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Always.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then the proposition of
the House was that the Government should be
secured by the penalties that should be imposed
on the parties making an instrument without a
stamp. The Senate proposes to declare all in-
struments executed with or without a fraudulent
intent to be absolutely null and void if they lack
the stamp. I am not willing to vote for that prop-
osition. I think that it is unnecessarily disturb-
ing contracts that were good between the parties,
made in good faith, without a sufficient return to
the Government for such injury done to trade and
commerce. The Senator fiom Maine, in answer
to the amendment as I proposed it the other day,
said that so few cases would come before the
courts that the evil would not be met, and there-
fore I have now provided in this amendment that
if parties make a contract requiring a stamp and
leave the stamp off for the purpose of defrauding
the revenue such a contract shall be void forever
as between the parlies making it and in the hands
of persons taking it with notice of such fraudu-
lent intent. But suppose that an instrument has
been made with the intent as between the parties
to defraud the revenue and subsequently the par-
ties put a stamp upon it, and that stamp is de-
faced, giving the date of the defacement of the
stamp the same with the date of the instrument.
There is nothing upon that instrument to show
that it is void, and yet if 1 purchase the instru-
ment in the course of trade, void in fact at the
time, but fair and right upon its face, it is invalid
by the provision introduced into this bill by the
Finance Committee. I do not think it ought to
be so. I think it is enough to gay that the par-
ties who make an instrument, the parties who
receive the money upon an instrument that is not
stamped shall be liable to punishment >f they do
it with a view to defraud the revenue, and enough
further to say that as to all parties to such instru-
ment if the stamp is omitted with a view to de-
fraud the revenue it shall not be curable, but that
peisons omitting the stamp without, any fraudu-
lent intent by inadvertence may correct that by
putting the stamp upon it, but if they intended to
leave U off to defraud the revenue they shall be
denied that privilege. It seems to me this suffi-
ciently protects the revenue and at the same time
protects innocent and honest patties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 desire to say a few
words in reply to the Senator, but before doing
so I ask that the Senate willexeuse me from srrv-
iw* upon the comnuUee of conference on the
executive, and judicial nppropnauou
bill. I was in hopes that I should find time to
attend to it, but the taiifr bill has now come be-
fore us, and we shall have to take that up in the
Committee on Finance immediately, and I do
not see that I shall be able to give my personal
attention to the settling of the legislative appro-
priation bill. 1 therefore nsk to be excused.
The request was granted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Sherman to fill the vacancy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not see, that this
amendment of the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana places the matter one whit better than his
former amendment, which was rejected by the
Senate. I n gard this as a mere question whether
the stamp duties shall be good for something or
good for nothing. In the first place the provision
with reference to a fraudulent intent amounts to
nothing. In the infinite majority of cases the
question never comes before a court at all. It is
precisely as I stated with regard to the other
amendment, it avoids none of that difficulty. In
the next place, where it comes before the courts,
in the few cases in which it would come, how
would it be possible to prove the fraudulent in-
tent? These are mere words that amount to
nothing. The fraudulent intent rests entirely be-
tween the parties, and it is not likely they would
" peach" on each other*, and it leaves the whole
thing, therefore, perfectly inoperative. I hope the
Senate will adhere to its vote on this subject, be-
cause I am well convinced that upon it depends
many millions of revenue which we cannot afford
to lose.
This tremulousness and fear that we shall do
some harm to somebody that is careless about
obeying the provisions of the law may be a very
praiseworthy feeling, but it is costly to the Gov-
ernment. The fact is, citizens must accustom
themselves to know what the law is and must
obey it. The Senator from Maryland has stated
what the effect was in Maryland while they had
a stamp act there. It will be precisely the same
here. No harm has come, while a great deal of
good has arisen,from this provision in the former
bill. As! before stated, we have already extended
the time, we have made good everything up to
the present time, and, if necessary, we can make
it good again if there is any danger arising out of
it; and it is much better to do that than it is to
just inform the whole country that all they have
to do is to omit putting on a stamp, if both the
parties agree, and if the ease comes into court they
can put it-on there. The result will be that in
almost every case it may be that people will pay
no attention to the stamp law, and if they go into
court it will be utterly impossible to prove any
fraudulent intent, and we shall get comparatively
nothing from our stamp law.
The amendment was lejected.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to call the attention
of the committee to line one hundred und sixty-
two of schedule B on page 223, wheiea stamp
for passage uektts is required. I understand that
it was the intention of the committee of the House
of Representatives to have the tax for steerage
passengers at 50 cents, and for other passengers
£1 or more, accotding to the price of passage. 1
learn that the price of passage for steerage pas-
sengers from Liverpool to New York has been
raised to $35. The point is whether the $30 men-
tioned here should not be raised to $35, if it is
the intention of the Finance Committee to have
it apply to steerage passengeis. Thatis my ques-
tion. I do not propose to make any motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator thinks that
would be the effect of it he can move to insert
" five" after " thirty," and I will not object to it.
Mr. MORGAN. Then I make that motion.
On page 223, line one hundred and sixty-two of
schedule B, I move to insert "$35" instead of
"J30."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same amendment
must be made in the next line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I now propose the amend-
ment which was offered the other evening, laid
o\er, and printed, to insert at the end of section
one hundred and twenty-four:
But no tax Minll In* imposi-d m colle<n~d from any hos-
pital <!w''' ji'CM.pn- Af-.i lor 0\o 'elici'ot the sick : Pxn-idr-J,
i. The Mck :iud d *oUikm- m the serviecot use OmtiM
I i St.iLiiui fio-c vv'iu li>; v i- been nonoiaLly di-ch<ugi. d tuoie-
! j fiem, tdull be entitled to p-utieipaU' hi tin' buin.-lk- of Mich
r institution gwtimoutiv: Jliul provided further ^ 'I hat sneh
i! institution bhaii ha\<* tir^t ptocuied fiom the Secretin} el
1 i the Th asuiy a cemficute showing that it corner withm thf
ji intent ami mcunnigof thiw act,itiul is justl} entitled to Mich
il exemption.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I should like to have my
friend give some reason for that,
Mr. MORGAN. There is to be alarge hos-
pital established in the city of New York,estab-
lished underthe will of Mr. James H.Iloosevelt,
a copy of which will f h!ave, in which he pro-
vides, among other things:
'•'All tin3 rest and residue of my pe.r-on.U estate, delud-
ing all lapsed legaeies,together wth all my estate not here"
inbefore well and effectually disposed of, [ give in trust t<>
thefoveiai and successive presidents ex officio for the time
being ot the respective managing boaida of those live cer-
tain tncospoiations. in the citv ot" New York known as The
Society of the New York Hospital, The College of Physi-
cians and Suigeons in the city of New York, The New
York Eye rnflimarv, TheDemilt Dispensary, anil The New
York Institution for the Blind, and to my friends the Uon.
James I. Roosevelt, Edwin Clark, Ef-q., John M.Knox,
Esq , and Adrian fl. Muller. Ecq., all ot said city, and to
ihe sm vivois or sm vivor ot them, for the establishment in
the <'ity of Now York of a hospital for the reception and
relief of  iek and diseased perBons, and for its permanent
endowment.*'
This amendment is offered by me at the in-
stance of the managers of this hospital, and it is
to apply particularly to it; but,as the Senate will
see, I have made it general in its operation, to
apply to any hospital where the sick and disabled
soldiers in the service of the United States, or
those who have been honorably discharged there-
from, shall be entitled to participate in the bene-
fits of the institution gratuitously. We have not
thus far, Mr. President, done very much for the
soldiers after they have returned disabled. We
do a good deal for them before they go; we pay
them large bounties; but we do very little for
them after they return. Some steps have been
taken, but it lias not been dccided positively
whether what is to be done for them shall be done
by the General Government or by the States, es-
pecially in irgurd to providing hospitals for those
that aie permanently disabled; I mean those who
have, perhaps, lost both arms, or both legs, or
both eyes, and can do nothing.
Until something is done, it has seemed to me
proper to make this amendment to this bill to en-
courage the establishment of such institutions. In
relation to this will, we shall realize money on it,
because Mr. Roosevelt is dead, and his will will
be cained out. The amount is about n million
dollars. The trustees applied to the Legislature
of New York, and the Legislature at once granted .
an act of incorporation. I may say that in case
the Legislature of New York did not grant the
act of incorporation, another provision was made
in his will, which I shall read:
" J direct my trustees promptly to apply to the Legisla-
ture ot thi.s State tor proper aet  to incorporate,secure, und
pripctuaie bakl hospital.
'•And should such Legislature for two years next after
my decease (piovided the youngest of my said individual
trustees living at my t-aid decease,and my said nephew,or
eithoi of them, shall so long live) refuse or neglect to grant
a libeial chatter for the, safe organization, conduct, and
peipciuiry of mich hospital establishment, in accordance
with the piovr*iotv3 of my will, I, in that event, direct my
trustee-, horn time to time, to pay over the above bequests
that may come into then po^ses^ion under my will to the
Government oftheUnltcd States of America, trading that
Congif'«<? will pass s uch law or laws in respect theieof as
will effect, in substance, as near as may he, the general ob-
jects I have in view. But, to prevent legal duficnluea in
tint- cd&e, I declare my wishes so expressed to b« not an
imperative tiu-4, but a* mere recommendation to the Gov-
ernment, having full confidence that Congress will do what-
ever justice and right may require."
The Legislature of New York did, however,
pass the law, and Congress has nothing fuitlicr
to do with it. It would be a little severe, they
would regard it so, to have a tax imposed; and
it has seemed to me to be very proper to encour-
age others to found similar institutions by ex-
empting them from taxation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are many cases in
which it seems to be a little hard, to use that ex-
pression, to exact revenue; but the same reason-
ing that applies to tins institution would apply to
all eleemosynary institutions which have capital
invested; and yet, if we undertake to make dis-
tinctions in connection with levenue, there ia no
knowing where we shall stop, We have had
several bills before us to exempt from taxation in
certain cases where, perhaps, there was no very
good reason, except that we deemed it improper
to make exceptions.
There is no danger that the tax imposed would
prevent any man from carrying out any good will
that he might have toward founding an institu-
tion or aiding in the support Qf an institution al-
ready founded. The considerations that induce
