1864.
THE COtfGIiESSIONAL GLOBE.
1779
ministration. This was a necessity to us, as itis
a necessity to every community.
As soon as theconvention was fully organized,
on the second day, a committee of thirteen was
appointed " to prepare and report business for
theconvention " It met in the afternoon, and
having determined on the course it would recom-
mend the convention to pursue, referred to a sub-
committee the consideration of a plan of pro-
ceeding. The sub-committee met in the evening,-
and in the morning reported to the committee,
who adopted and at a later hour reported to the
convention, a paper entitled ft a declaration of the
people of Virginia." As soon as this could be
printed and considered it received the unanimous
approbation of the convention, and was speedily
engrossed and signed by every member.
This declaration sets forth that " the true pur-
pose of ail government is to promote the welfaie
and provide for the protection and security of the
governed, and when any form or organization of
government proves inadequate for or subversive
of this purpose, it is the right, it is the duty of
the latter to alter or abolish it;" and asserts that
the Virginia Bill of Rights of 1776, twice reaf-
firmed by subsequent conventions, expressly re-
serves this right to the majority of the commu-
nity. it then recites the grievances of which the
loyal people of Virginia complained, which have
been sufficiently indicated in my preceding re-
marks, and concludes with the following words,
which constitute the operative part of the decla-
ration:
We, therefore, the delegates liere assembled In conven-
tion to device j-uch measuies and lake such action as the
nuVty and wellau' ol the loyal Citizens ol Virginia may de-
mand, having maturely considered the premises, and view-
ing with gieat concern the deplorable condition to which
thn onec happy Commonwealth ihum he leduced unless
Mime regulai adequate remedy h speedily adopted, and ap-
pealing to the Supieiuo Kuler of the univei^e tor the lecti-
T.ide of onr intention*, do hereby, m the name and on the
beha'f of tin-pond ppopleof Virginia, solemnly declare that
the pu'servation of their dearest rights and liberties and
ihen secuiit} in person and property, imperative!} demand
the reoig.uiizanon ot* the government of the Common-
wealth ; and that all acts of the said (Richmond) conven-
tion and i'mjcuuvc tending to separate this Commonwealth
l mm the United fe tales, or to levy and cany on war against
them, are without authority, and void ; and that the ofheof.
of all who ndlifie to the said convention and executive,
wiicthei legi-lauve, executive, or judicial, aie vacated."
It will be perceived that this declaration, in its
title and throughout, speaks for and on behalf
of all the loyal people of Virginia. The acts it
denounces are acts of treason, even under the
limited definition of that term in the Constitu-
tion of the United States; and, by consequence,
the convention and executive and those who ad-
here to thorn are denounced as traitors. Leav-
ing these out of the question—and who will say
that they should be considered—it is undeniable
that a majority of the people of Virginia, by
their representatives, adopted this declaration or
speedily accepted it. That it would have been
adopted or accepted unanimously is evident from
the fact that every county since reclaimed from
the rebels has hastened to reorganize under it.
It is the foundation of everything that has been
done by or under the reorganized government.
It may be as well to notice here an objection
made to the claim of West Virginia to be one of
the States of this Union on a footing with the
original States. It is said that the Legislature
which gave the consent to her erection within the
juiisdiction of Virginia required .by the Consti-
tution did not represent a majority of the coun-
ties of the motherState. Thisobjection is founded
upon a fallacy. Counties aie riot the component
integers of States as the States are of the Union.
They are but geographical subdivisions adopted
for the greater convenience of the people. In
every State, and pai ocularly in Virginia, they
are diverse in size and population; and conse-
quently to say that a majority of counties favored
any measure is not to say that a majority of the
voters, who represent the true integers of every
community, approved it. If a majority of these
integers, through their lepiesentatives,sanctioned
the reorganization of the government of Virginia
the constitutional consent was certainly given.
But I apprehend that if a majority of the recog-
nized Legislature .gave the consent Congress
would not stop to inquire whether tins majority
represented a majority, not to say of the coun-
ties, but of the whole people.
But will any oats contend Uiut under cu-cum-
stancessuch as those in which the loyal people of
Virginia were placed, when some .bold. and. de-?
termined step was required for "the preserva*
tion," in the language of their declaration, 4< of
their dearest rights and liberties and their secu-
rity in person and property," they must wait
until it is certain that their number is equal to a
majority of the whole people. ? May notaminor-
ity resist oppression and endeavor " to provide
new guards for their future security?" Surely
it is an extraordinary doctrine that would teach
men to submit to a usurping oligarchy until a
majority could be found to raise the standard of
revolt. But it will be said that this was revolu-
tion. Was it, indeed ? Sir, the loyal people of
Virginia were resisting, not making, a revolution,
and this I apprehend is an important distinction.
As to the acts of the same convention, I will
quote from their address " to the people of Vir-
ginia," issued at the close of their fiist session,
which lasted only fifteen days. They say:
" In putsuance of this declaration we have passed Sueh
ordinances a« are immediately necessaiv to leorganize the
government and put it in opeiatum. We have appointed
a Governor, Lieutenant Governor, attorney general, and
executive council, leaving to the General Assembly, which
we have directed to be convened ata very emlyday, to fill,
or to provide for filling, ail other offices as soon as, in their
judgment, it can be piopeily done. The teuns of the ojfi-
ceis vvc have appointed are limited to six months, or until
the election and qualification of their successors, for which
the General Assembly is authorized to provide at the earli-
est possible period. In all tins our fellow-citizens will
cleaily perceive that there has been no disposition to as-
sume any power or authouty not demanded by the exigen-
cies of their present unhappy condition, or to retain it
longer than aregard tor their highestniteresunmy require."
The General Assembly thus convened consisted
of the senators and delegates elected on the day
the secession oidinance was voted on, and the
portion of senators whohtldover. Ail of these
were fiee to participate in its deliberations and
votes, no matter what pai t of the State they were
elected to lepresent, if they would take an oath to
" support the Constitution of the United States,
and the laws made in-pursuance thereof, as the
supreme law of the land, anything m the consti-
tution and laws of the State of Vitginia, or the
convention which assembled at Richmond on the
13th of February, 1861, to the contrary notwith-
standing;" and " to uphold and defend the gov-
ernment of Virginia, as vindicated and restored
by the convention which assembled at Wheeling
on the 11th day of June, 18G1."
Further on the address says:
<£ Under all the*e circumstance.4., and will) the firm con-
viction that the eouir-e adopted is the only one by uhichthe
State can be retained in the Union, and the liberties and
rights of the people secured and perpetuated, we most earn-
estly c.ill upon our loj al feilow-eitizens in every county of
the Commonwealth, who are not already represented in
the Geneial Assembly and in this convention, to elect
members of the I>gHiatme and appoint delegates to this
bodv at the earliest possible moment." * * * *
"No su-pension oi essentia! change of any part of the
constitution oi laws of the Commonwealth, unless posi-
tively demanded by the exigencies of the time*, will be
made until the will of the whole people, or oftheir author-
ized representatives, can he freely expressed; and such
changes <i* hav«* been, oi tn.ij hen-after be, so demanded,
will In submitted far laufication at an eaily day."
1 have quoted the ordinance of Virginia ratify-
ing the national Constitution, in order to show
that it does in terms denounce separate State se-
cession by asserting that the powers granted under
the Constitution can be lesumed only by the
whole people of the United States, and by them
only in a certain contingency which it specifies,
namely, when the powers granted are perverted
to the injury or oppression of the grantors. The
men who framed this ratification must for the
mo&t part have been adults in 1776, and conse-
quently must have had an intimate knowledge of
the principles by-which that revolution was jus-
tified. Some of them, probably, had been mem-
bers of the Congress which adopted the Declara-
tion of Independence, and some of them of the
j Convention which framed the national Constitu-
! tion. It is therefore certain that they knew
! whereof they afliimed when they asserted the
I single ground justifying a resumption ofthegov-
| einmeiual powers to be the perversion ot them
j by those intrusted with their administration to
; the injury or oppression of the people,
j iVlorothan two centuries previously the United
ij Provinces of the Netherlands, having then passed
i; through fifteen of the eighty years of their war
j! of independence, renounced their allegiance to
Philip ll of&paui by a solemn act of abjuratiwn,
by which, as its title denotes, they absolved
themselves from the ^-allegiance they had.sworn
to that monarch, as our father® by thei r~declara-
tion absolved themselves-" from all allegiance to
the British Crown." Both had been reluctant to
take this final step. Forseveral years theNether*
lands actually carried on war against Philip in
the name of Philip. In their act of abjuration
they set forth the grievances to* which they had
been subjected, and declared "that they were
sufficiently justified in forsakinga sovereign who
for more than twenty years had forsaken them.'-'
fn the preamble to their act they quaintly but
pointedly say? .
"AH mankind know that a prince is appointed by God
to cherish his-euhjfects even as a shepherd his sheep.
When, therefore, the prince does not fulfill his duties aa
protector, when he oppresses his subjects, destroys their
ancient liberties, and tieats them as slaves, he is to he
considered not a punce, but a tyrant. As such, the estates
of the land may lawfully and reasonably depose, bun, and
elect another in his room."
Do not Senators recognize hi this the very prin-
ciple asserted in the Virginia atet of ratification?
Its promulgation at that early day-must have
sounded strangely in the earsof monarchical Eu-
rope, but it was the key-note which governed the
proceedings of the people of England a little more
than a century later.
On the 12th of February, 1688-89, the lords and
commons of that country sitting, not in Parlia-
ment, but in a convention of two houses, published
a Declaration of Right, by which they deposed
their king,James II,and called William and Mary
to the throne. The declaration recapitulated the
"crimes and errors" which made a revolution
necessary, some of which consisted in the exer-
cise by the king of powers vested in the Parlia-
ment, and others in the perversion of the powers
with which he had been intrusted, and asserted
that the perpetrator of these " crimes and errors "
had abdicated the government. Macaulay, from
whoap History I have abridged thissummary,crit-
icises the use of the word " abdicated " in the
above connection, especially as the flight of the
king to France was not included in the catalogue
of "crimes and errois,,J It is, however, plain
that the convention meant what they said. _ Our
Declaration of Independence uses this word in the
same connection when it declares that George II I,
whose fleets were incur harbors and whose troops
were upon our soil at the moment it was adopted
and published, had "abdicated government here
by declaring us out of his protection and waging
war against us."
The American Declaration,atthe close of nearly
another century, after asserting that Governments
are instituted among men to secure the rights with
which thoy are endowed by their Creator, de-
clares 4< that whenever any form of government
becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right
of the people to alter or abolish it, and to insti-
tute a new government, laying its foundation on
such principles, and organizing its powers in such
form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect
their safety and happiness.** Again it declares*
that " when a long tram of abuses and usurpa-
tions, pursuing in variably the same object,evinces
a design to reduce them under absolute despotism,
it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such
government, and to provide new guards for their
future security." It also asserts, incidentally,
that legislative powers are incapable of annihila-
tion, and that when those intrusted with them
cease to exercise them, they return to the people
at large for that purpose.
In humble imitation of what had been done at
these great eras of the world's history, the loyal
people of Virginia also issued their declaration of
1861. It too sets forth intolerable grievances
which have their parallels in the precedents I
have cited. They also adopted the principle s* t
forth in the Virginia act of ratification, which
is the sum of all these precedents; and if ever in
the history of the world those intrusted with the
powers of government had perverted them to the
injury and oppression of the people, the seces-
sionists at Richmond had committed thesin. The
loyal people of Virginia resumed the administra-
tion of the government which had been insidt-
'! uusly wrenched from their control. Will the
!: Senator from Kentucky, with aknowledgeofthe
j facts 1 have related and the precedents I have
|t cued, venture to-charge them with usurpation of
!! the right* of others? Or, *-ven if there were na
