2756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
him to do it are such as would not in any sense
be affected by the fact that his money thus in-
vested did, like all other money vested in the
same way', aid in supporting the Government;
and 1 see no reason why money thus invested
should not so aid. It is all for the benefit of the
people, and the personal benefit to be attained to
the people is to provide them with a good Gov-
ernment and to support that Government.
The committee on thinking this patter over
came to the conclusion that to begin to make ex-
ceptions would lead to infinite confusion; the
amount would be very large in the end; every
effort would be made to bring cases within the
principle, if we tried to adopt a principle in refer-
ence to it, and we thought it would be entirely
unsafe. We therefore objected to introducing
anything of this kind into the general bill provid-
ing for the raising of revenue.
i hope that the amendment will not be adopted.
I will not quarrel with my friend for suggesting
it, because it is very proper for him to suggest it
for the consideration of the Senate. But the best
reflection which I have been able to give it, and
which others of the committee were able to give
it, led us to the conclusion that it would be en-
tirely unsafe to begin a system of exemptions
anywhere, and that it is best to leave all the prop-
erty of the country to the operation of the gen-
eral Jaw.
The amendment was rejected—ayes eight, noes
not counted.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out on the
134th page, m line one hundred and eighty-one of
section ninety-three, the word " five" and insert
44 ten;" so as to read:
On screws, commonly called wood screws, a duty of 10
per cent ad valorem.
The House of Representatives made this duty
10 percent. We have stricken " 10" out m com-
mittee and substituted 44 5." I am satisfied that
we had better let it stand as the House passed it.
It ia well known that this business lsdone mainly
by one company, that the company lias made im-
mense sums of money. Everybody that ever
looked at or heard of the company almost has
grown rich. [Laughter.] Itwas said, it will be
remembered, when we framed the tariff here a
few years ago, that this company had particular
favors; and now if tins is stricken out 1 am in-
clined to thmk the same idea will go out; in fact
it has already. Therefore I move to strike out
" 5" and substitute 14 10."
Mr. FESSENDEN.- I do not know that it
makes any sort of difference whether you lix the
tax at 5 per cent, or 10 per cent , so far as the
company are concerned; they will add it to the
price of the screws. That is just the amount of
it. We have got to puton, of course, a sufficient
protection for the tariff. Whatever duty we put
here, we must put a corresponding duly in the
tariff bill in order to meet the burden put upon
them. Tins company feel, as 1 am told, and I
have no doubt it is true, that provided that is done
they do not care whether you put on 5, 10, 35,
or 20 per cent. It is all the same to them, be-
cause the consumers pay it; it comes out of those
who buy and those who use, and nor out of the
company. It will not affect their pio/it one way
or the other. It was intimated to the committee
that the duty of 10 per cent, was unusually high,
that it was makinga distinction between t'hisand
most other articles, and that it was really higher
than the system ought to he, and the committee
changed it with a view to have aconfticnce wuh
the other House on the subject. Jfwe adopt 10
per cent, the matter is fixed and concluded, and
there is nothing further to be said about it.
If my friend from Massachusetts is perfectly
satisfied on the examination he has given the sub-
ject that it is better to say 10 per cent., be it so.
1 confess that 1 am not satisfied in regard to it,
and I really do not care what the Senate do with
it. My own opinion was that it was better to
leave the matter open for a little further discus-
sion. Perhaps the Senator from Rhode Island
can give us a little further information.
Mr. AN I HONY. These gentlemen who have
committed the jrreat offense of getting rich are my
constituents. I do not know what reason there
is why a duty of 30 per cent, should be put upon
their production wh<jn a duty of 5 per cent, is
put on other manufactures, i do not know of any
reason. It is tiue the business has been very prof-
itable; but it is not remarkably profitable to all
the men who now own the property; for although
to the original stockholders it has been exceed-
ingly remunerative, much the largest portion of
the property is in the hands of men who have
bought it at a price corresponding to its profits;
and a man is no more likely to make a good in-
vestment by buying the stock at the price at which
it rules than he is in buying stock in any other
manufacturing property.
Tho reason that they have a monopoly of the
business is because they make abetter article and
sell it at a cheaper price than anybody else can.
They have no other monopoly exceptthat which
their patent gives them. If a man invents a ma-
chine which is valuable the Government of the
United States guaranties to him fourteen years'
exclusive right to use it. This company have
invented, or have purchased of those who did
invent, the machinery for the manufacture of
screws. The price of the article is much less than
it was when tliey commenced business, and it is
a great deal better. The English article has been
driven out of the market entirely, and cannot
compete with the production here, if it is untaxed,
unless by the use of the machinery which was
invented by this company, or which they pur-
chased of the inventor.
I hope they will be allowed to stand on pre-
cisely the same footing with all other manufac-
turers. Tins company pays to the Government
now a tax of nearly two hundred thousand dol-
lars a year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For income?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, besides the income
tax, a tax of nearly two bundled thousand dol-
hus a year made up of the duty on the iron they
import, for a part of their product must be made
from imported iron, and the excise duty. Al-
together, I think, they pay between one hundred
aml^eighty and two hundred thousand dollars. 1
do not know of any lenson why they should be
singled out for a higherduty than other producers.
One of the laigest customers of this company is the
Government I think the Governmentat one time
—so I have been informed—took nearly one half
their entire product, so that the Government, on
what it consumes, will merely collect a revenue,
and then pay it back again, for the company must
put the additional tax upon the article and cover
the expense of collecting it.
Mr. GRIMES. That is a very extraordinary
statement which the Senator from Rhode Island
has just made. It may be true, but it astonishes
me that the Government takes one half of all the
screws that are being made by this company. I
cannot conceive what on eaith the Government
does with them. Nobody else manufactures any.
Mr. ANTHONY. For all the arms the Gov-
ernment uses they make the scrcws.
.Mr. GRIMES. But there is not a house in
the whole land that has not more or less screws
in it. There is not a piece of machinery hardly
that has not got more or l^ss screws in it. The
Government I should not suppose could use 5
per cent, of the amount that is manufactured by
this company. The Senator insists upon it that
this company ought not to be singledoutand any
distinction made in regard to it from any other
company; that is to say that we ought not to im-
pose any larger amount of tax upon this company
than upon any other. The truth is that we have
regulated the tax already in other instances; we
charge upon some per cent., upon others 5.
Mr. ANTHONY. Five per cent, is the high-
est on anything else.
Mr. GLUMES. We have regulated it, put
some low and some high, because the article to
be manufactured would stand the imposition of
tax, and that is the reason, I suppose, that my
friend from Massachusetts has proposed to in-
crease this taxation from 5 to 10 percent. There
is no other article manufactured in America, ex-
cept it be whisky end tobacco, that will stand a
high rate of taxation so well as this article of
screws. This company that manufactures them
—and it is the only manufactory there is in the
land—js the most odious monopoly there is on
the continent. It has made fortune after fortune,
and I believe that of actual original paid m cash
represents to-day about £100. Whenever an ef-
fort has been made to establish another screw
company in opposition to them, they have al-
ways had the means to crush it down, so that
Lhey have the entire control of the market on
this continent, or at any rate in the United States.
Here is one company that alone manufactures
screws. Through the agency of a single assessor
and collector we can levy 10 per cent, upon them,
and derive perhaps three times as much as we
are deriving now, or have during the past year
received into our Treasury from this tax. The
amount that we shall receive will not actually
come off them, as the Senator from Maine says;
it will really come out of the people of the coun-
try generally, but it will be very evenly distrib-
uted through the country; and i know nothing
that a large tax could be imposed upon more
easily and more safely and more justly than upon
screws, unless, as 1 said before, it be upon to-
bacco and whisky. I might with as much pro-
priety protest against the levying of a tax upon
the whisky and tobacco produced in Iowa, over
and above 10 per cent., as the Senator from Rhode
Island can protest against the imposition of more
than 5 per cent, upon these screws. My con-
stituents pay much more of the amount than the
Senator's.
Mr. ANTHONY. I was in error in stating
the amount of tax paid by this company. The
amount of excise tax is about one hundred and
eighty thousand dollars, and the duties, in gold,
about seventy-five thousand dollars more; and
those duties will be increased, I suppose, under
the tariff bill. 1 hope that ifthese gentlemen are
to be taxed, they need not be held up to public
odium also. The Senator from Iowa calls them
an odious monopoly. What isthereodiousabout
it? They have invented a machine which has
cheapened and improved an article of universal.
consumption. They make a better article; they
sell it at a cheaper price than the country overpaid
before; and because they have made money out of it
honestly, by the use of the patents, which are pro-
tected by the Government, us all other patents are,
and by the use of their mechanical skill and their
capital, the Senator says they are an odious mo-
nopoly; they have crushed everybody else. How
have they crushed everybody else? By no other
means than by selling the article cheaper than
anybody else could. That is all the crushing they
have done. There have been, I believe, some
twenty attempts to manufacture screws in this
country, and all but this and one other, I think,
have failed, not through any agency of this com-
pany, but because they had not the skill or they
had not the capital to stand the first loss, or they
had not the processes, the machinery.
Mr. GRIMES. Because they had not the
capital.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well. Is it a crime
to manufacture screws?
Mr. GRIMES. I will tell the Senator what I
have understood to be the process adopted by this
company, as he has raised the issue. It is a com-
pany of vast capital. It has a large stock of the
manufactured article on hand. Whenever another
company has made an attempt to manufacture
the same species of article, it floods the market
with the surplus it has already on hand as screws,
and thus cuts out from any opportunity to sell,
the rival company that is seeking to force itself
into existence.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator makes this
charge and will tell what company has ever been
treated in that way, I will endeavor to answer.
I think he has been entirely misinformed. These
gentlemen are as respectable as any man's constit-
uents, and I believe the only way in which they
have crushed out other companies is by fair and
honest competition, and that they never have re-
duced their price below a fair profit.
Mr. DAVIS. Will it be in order to move to
amend the amendment that has been proposed ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that it will not.
Mr. ANTHONY. I only ask that this man-
ufacture shall be put on the same basis as all
others. It is a very profitable business, and I am
willing it should pay the highest tax that any
manufacture of the kind pays. Whisky and to-
bacco are of course exceptional articles, but lam
willing it shall pay the highest tax that any arti-
cle that enters into general consumption for use-
ful purposes can stand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Kentucky that if a
motion were made to concur in the amendment
