734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
the various other avenues by which it reaches the
.Treasury. But there is only one avenue by which
it goes out, namely, the payment of the interest
on the public debt. There was in the Treasury
on Saturday last $18,900,000 in gold. That gold
is coming in at the rate of four and five hundred
thousand dollars a day. Take it at the lowest
estimate, and we are having $400,000 of gold paid
into the Treasury everyday. If this rate con-
tinues until the 1st of July next, we will have
#74,107,213 in gold,
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 wish to ask the gentle-
ptan whether .the Secretary of the Treasury, in
his estimate of the receipts and expenditures for
the fiscal year 1864-65, does not show that our
interest account, which is to be met by the pay-
raentof specie,will exceed §85,000,000, while our
receipts through the custom-house will amount to
but $70,000,000, showing a deficiency for the fis-
cal year 1864—65 of #15,000,000?
Mr. GARFIELD. I should have answered
the gentleman in my next sentence had he not in-
terrupted me. The Secretary of the Treasury re-
ports that there will become due at various periods,
ending with the 1st of July next, $23,601,943, to
be paid in gold. That is every dollar of coin
which the Treasury of the United States is obliged
to pay up to that period. Now, there will remain
a surplus in the Treasury of the United Slates,
on the basis of the present receipts—and the re-
ceipts have greatly exceeded the estimates—on
the 1st of July next, of $50,505,270 in gold, and
there is no law of the United States, according to
the present practice of the Government, for the
paymentordisposition of that S50,000,000 of gold.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I desire to ask the
gentleman upon what basis, or upon what data
he estimates the receipts of gold from the custom-
house, or any other sources, up to the 1st of July
next?
Mr. GARFIELD. The estimates are based
upon what we have been receiving for several
months past, and the fact that the months imme-
diately to come are always better than the winter
months. I base the estimates upon what we have
been receiving fiom day to day Cor many weeks.
These estimates may be too laigc,but that would
not alter the principle involved. No one doubts
there will be a surplus.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Has the gentle-
man averaged the daily receipts of'gold from that
source for the Inst three months?
Mr. GARFIELD. I have not.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. 1 have.
Mr. GARFIELD. I say, then, that by taking
the aveiage, or a sum rather below the present
average—and we have every indication that the
average will rather increase than decrease in the
coming months—we shall have on the 1st of July
$50,500,000 of gold in the Treasury , with no law
for paying it out. Now what is the result? There
are probably, according to the estimates of gen-
tlemen, scattered through the country in the feet
of old stockings, locked up in trunks, put away
in bureaus, laid away under the heads of beds,
and in the vaults of banks, $200,000,000 of gold.
I suspect that to be a largo estimate, fiom all I
can gather from the statements of trade.
Now, air, on the 1st day of July next one
quartet of all the gold in the united States will be
locked up in the vaults of the United States Treas-
ury and lying there as dead matter. Every dol-
lar that goes in there leaves the amount in circu-
lation less, raises the price of gold, distmbs the
rnatket, and disgraces our credit, and yet because
it is locked up m the Treasury and we will not
pass a law under which it may go out, our credit
shall thus go down and down, furthernndfurther,
as Mr. Lamar and his coadjutors in the rebel
States desire it shall gn down, and as his coadju-
tors in the northern States seem to desire it shall
go down. They are talking; in the most anxious
manner here—witness the lastspeech to which we
have listened—of returningto a specie basis. Do
not gentlemen upon this floor know that no great
war was ever waged in modern times with specie?
It is one of the settled and inevitable laws of trade
that great wars must be conducted with a paper
currency and not with gold.
Now, why do we ask that this great amount of
capital shall be, from time to time, liberated upon j
the market? For the best reason in the world J
Generally 1 would not interfere with the laws of1
trade; they are as immutable as the laws of mi- j
ture, the laws of the universe; but I would now
interfere with them because they are not in a nat-
ural and normal condition; they arc in a condi-
tion superinduced by the necessities of war, and
it is to counteract this abnormal state of trade
that we are disposed to let loose this gold so as
to keep up the credit of the Government. What
has so changed the character of gold? Now it
is hardly to be called the representative of value,
of money; it is almost a commodity; it is fast be-
coming a commodity instead of a medium of ex-
change ; and if the war con tin ues very much longer,
it will be merely a commodity and not a circula-
ting medium. It is well known that when paper
currency must and does come into use it expels
gold; its natural tendency is to expel gold, just as
m nature the softer element expels and drives out
the harder; just as water wears away stone, so
will a lighter and more valueless currency always
drive out the precious metals. Our gold is scat-
tered over the border, driven to Canada, sent
abroad, and the amount actually in use for the
business of the country is so small that if we re-
duce it by locking up $50,000,000 in the vaults of
the Treasury of the United States, we shall create
a panic to such an extent as to ruin the business
of the country.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Long] has of-
fered an amendment that this surplus shall be
paid to the soldiers in the field. I remember some
of the political capital attempted to be made upon
the other side of the House on the subject of pay-
ing sailors and soldiers in com, and I remember
that remark which was made, and which what
I see in the galleries this morning almost pro-
hibits me from repeating, but a sense of justice
requires that I should remind gentlemen of it. It
was charged on the other side of the House that
if we did not pay our sailors and soldiers in gold
their wives would become prostitutes. I stood here
as a man abashed; 1 stood amazed and ashamed
that I belonged to a body in which such an utter*
ance could be made about the loyal women of this
country.
Every gentleman upon this floor knows well
that it is impossible now to return to a specie ba-
sis. Every man who has looked into the condi-
tion of the country knows that it is impossible,
without utter prostration and ruin, to attempt to
return to a specie basis at this time. It becomes
us then to use the gold that we have to keep up
the credit of the country, and not to destroy it;
and I do not propose to be deterred by references
to all these laws and resolutions that have been
passed hitherto in regard to the policy of the
country.
I am not under such unfortunate circumstances
as the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Brooks]
who has just spoken, lam under no pressure
from any quarter, from any paiticular source,
from any particular person. ] am under no in-
structions from anyman,in office or outof office,
how to vote, think, or act upon this subject.
They have not honored me with that pressure,
and 1 am therefore free to act as it seems to me
the pressure of the country and its interests re-
quire; and I ask gentlenren now whether they are
willing to help to carry out the scheme of Lamar,
ofGeoigia, to help to icduce, reduce, reduce the
value of our paper cuirency until we &hal! be
ruined as the confederacy is being ruined m its
finances rather than its battles.
There are two elements which decide the ques-
tion of war. ^ One is military, the other is finan-
cial. The man who can destroy the finances of
a country can rum it as much as he who destroys
its army. It becomes us, therefore, while we re-
plenish our armies on the one hand, to maintain
the credit of the Treasury on the other For that
purpose I believe this measure is wiae. I know
it ought to be guarded; and any amendment that
will make it the more carefully worded,and that
will protect it from all chances of fraud or corrup-
tion on the part of Government officials I will be
glad to vote for. But I am unwilling' that we
should break down the purpose of the resolution,
and lock up this money, on the old idea that money
locked in vaults is as good as money in circula-
tion.
Mr. STEBBINS. I regret, Mr. Speaker, that
I cannot acquiesce in the views expressed by my
colleague [Mr. Brooks] or by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] on this subject. I
regard this purely as a business question. Ican-
not allow myself to identify it in any way with
politics. I fee] constrained to regard it as having
special reference to the traffic in gold that is going
on in the country, and to the speculations m all
commod ities that are no w so rife. While the prop-
osition lias not come, as I understand, fiom the
Secretary of the Treasury,and while we areonly
acting on the belief that it would be satisfactory
to him to have such power confided to him, still
I have no doubt that he regards this question
as one appealing with all its strength to every in-
dividual in the community precisely in the same
way as it appeals to himself.
The speculations going on in the city of New
York at this moment are not by any means con-
fined to gold or to any single article^ They apply
to every article connected with the industrial en-
terprises of the country. The maintaining of the
present high price of gold is absolutely indispens-
able to the success of these various enterprises.
Hence the speculators of the whole seaboard are
interested in maintaining the price of gold in spe-
cial connection with the operations in which they
are engaged. Apart from these enterprises is the
speculation in gold itself. The operations in gold
are not confined to the mere purchases necessary
to pay custom duties, nor to the amount necessary
to pay for our importations. Gold has become
ncccssary every day, to the extent of hundreds of
thousands of dollars, for the purpose ofliqnidnting
transactions of a peculiar kind which take place
in the city of New York, not only for the account
of our citizens, but for the account of citizens of
neighboring cities and all over the United States.
It is necessary for these speculators that the high
price of gold should be maintained. The Gov-
ernment, however, finds itself in the attitude of
actually sustaining the price of gold, while all its
interests are directly on the opposite side. It is
receiving gold to the extent of three or four or five
hundred thousand dollars daily. Hence the vol-
ume of gold in the city of New York is diminish-
ing every day. The banks hold on to their re-
serve with the utmost tenacity, and it is not at all
likely that that reserve will be seriously dimin-
ished, no matter at what prices gold may range
for the next six months. There is, therefore, but
a certain amount of gold in the market to subserve
not only the purpose of exports and the purposes
of the independent Treasury, but also all those va-
rious purposesconnected with transactions grow-
ing out of large operations in exchange. The ex-
change drawer is compelled to go into market and
buy gold, as against bills, by n species of traffic
known in New York as the right to deliver gold
or the right to call for gold. When the contract
is for thirty days or for sixty days, one party or
the other is compelled to hedge, as against his
operation, by a positive purchase. These trans-
actions in gold have prevailed over two and a half
years. Hence the operations daily taking place,
not only in the stock exchange of New York,
which are but an infinitesimal portion of those
that take place every day, but in the streets and in
the hotels at night.
This House will at once perceive that the amount
of gold necessary for the daily transactions in
New Yoik is so large that if gold is continued to
be hoarded by the Government the advance in its
price will be maintained just in proportion as the
volume diminishes, and everything else whose
value depends upon the price of gold will advance
in price as a logical consequence.
Now, sir, I contend that if the Secretary of
the Treasury did not ask for the passage of this
resolution it may be perhaps for the reason that
he supposed this House would of itself appreciate
its importance and positively direct him to do this
thing. This bill looks to a sale of gold, the ex-
cess of what he may have over and above the
necessities of the Government. Those necessi-
ties are clearly and distinctly defined. We know
what they are, and, in my judgment, it is per-
fectly clear this House ought to move with great
unanimity and ask the Secretary of the Treasury
not to permit an artificial state of things to take
place so that the volume of gold shall not be so
reduced as that these innumerable contracts can-
not be fulfilled except by daily advancing the
price of gold, and so advancing the necessaries of
life and everything in which the country is di-
rectly or indirectly interested.
Mr. Speaker, it has been urged by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] and also by
