152
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 8;
38xn Cong 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
at some convenient place in the city of Washing-
ton, for the election of directors, of the time and
place whereof notice shall be given for at least five
days in at least two daily newspapers published
|n the city of Washington, or by written notice
thereof, signed by one or more of said corpora-
tors, and personally served on each stockholder;
and in all meetings of the stockholders each share
shall entitle the holder to one vote, to be given
either in person or by proxy.
S^c. 5. Andbe it further enacted, That the gov-
ernment and direction of the affairs of the com-
pany shall be vested in the board of directors,
composed of seven members, who shall be stock-
holders, and who shall hold their office for the
term of„one year, and until others are duly elected
and qualified to take theirplacesasdirectors; and
the said directois shall elect one of their number
to be president of the board, who shall also be
president of the company, and a majority of the
board shall constitute a quorum to do business;
and they shall choose a treasurer, who shall give
bond with sufficient surety to said company, in
such sum as the said directors may require, for
the faithful discharge of his trust. -In case of a
vacancy in the board of directors by death, resig-
nation, removal, refusal to act, or otherwise, the
vacancy occasioned thereby shall be filled by the
other directors.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That there
shall bean annual meeting of the stockholders,
for the election of directors, to be held at such
time and place, and under such rules and regula-
tions as tne said company in their by-laws shall
prescribe, and the directors shall make an annual
report in writing of their proceedings to the stock-
holders.
Sec. 7. And be itfwlher cnacted, That the di-
rectors shall have full power to make ull such by-
laws as they shall deem necessary for the regu-
lation, management, and disposition of tiie stock,
effects, and property of the said company, and
for the proper execution of the business of the
company, so as the same shall not be contrary to
this charter, to the laws of the United States, or
to the ordinances of the city of Washington.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That nothing
in this act sfiall be so construed as to authorize
the said company to issue any note, token, de-
vice, sciip, or other evidence of debt to be used
as a currency.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That if any
"person or persons shall willfully destroy, or in
any wise injure the mains, pipes, apparatus, or
other works, property, or appurtenances belong-
ing to and used by said company in manufactur-
ing gas or in furnishing the same to consumers
thereof, the person or persons so offending shall,
for overy such offense, forfeit and pay to the said
company the sum of five dollars, and shall, in
addition to said penalty, remain liable to said
company for any loss or damage occasioned by
the offense.
Sec. 10. Jlnd beit further enacted, That the said
company is hereby incorporated upon the ex-
press conditions that it shall furnish gas to all the
consumers thereof containing fifty per centum
more illuminating power than that which is now
furnished by the Washington Gaslight Company,
and at a cost not exceeding two dollars and fifty
cents per thousand cubic feet; and a failure to
comply with these conditions shall operate as a
forfeiture of this charier.
Sec. 11. And be itfurther enactcd, That the'said
company shall not be authorized fo sell gas until
it shall have produced to the Mayor of the city of
Washington and to the Secretary of the Interior
satisfactory evidence that it has laid down, in a
proper and workmanlike manner, in the avenues
and streets of the said city, gas mams of an aver-
age diameter of at least six inches and a total
length of not less than twenty-five miles; nor
shall the said company connectitsgas mains with
the pipes supplying the Capitol and other public
buildings belonging to the United States, or sell
gas, until it shall have produced to the Secretary
of the Interior satisfactory evidence that it has
erected and in operation good and substantial
works and holders capable of manufactuiingand
storing a quantity of gas, of the quality aforesaid,
sufficient to supply the consumption at all times
required in the Capitol and public buildings afore-
said. And unless'the said company shall have
complied with the requirements and conditions
in this section prescribed within two years from
the passage of this act, the said act shall be null
and void: Provided, however, That said company
shall have the privilege, at any time within the
said two years, of lighting with the gas manufac-
tured by it some one street a distance not exceed-
ing one mile.
Sec. 19. mdnd be it further enacted, That each of
the stockholders in the Union Gaslight Company
of the District of Columbia shall be held liable
in his or her individual capacity for all the debts
and liabilities of the said company, however con-
tracted or incurred, to be recovered by suit as
other debts or liabilities, before the court or tri-
bunal having jurisdiction of the case.
Sec. 13. Andbe %t further-enacted, That this act
may at any time be altered, amended, or repealed
by the Congress of the United States.
Approved, April 8, 1864.
Chaj?. L.—An Act to incorporate Providencc
Hospital of the City of Washington, District
of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That Lucy Gwynn, Teresa Angela
Costello, Sarah McDonald, Mary E.Spalding,
and Mary Carroll, and their successors m office,
are hereby made, declared, and constituted a cor-
poration and body-politic, in law and in fact,under
the name and style of the Directors ofProvidence
Hospital, and by that name they shall be and are
hereby made capable in law to sue and be sued,
to plead and be impleaded, in any court within the
county of Washington, in the Districtof Colum-
bia; to have and use a common seal, and to alter
or amend the same at pleasure; to have, purchase,
receivc, possess, and enjoy, any estate in lands,
tenements, annuities, goods, chattels, moneys, or
effects, and to grant, devise, or dispose of the
same in such manner as they may deem mostfor
the interest of the hospital: Provided, That the
real estate held by suid corporation shall not ex-
ceed in value the sum of one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
corporation and body-politic shall have full power
to appoint from their own body a president and
such other officers as they may deem necessary
for the purposes of their creation; and m case of
the death, resignation, or refusal to servo, of any
of their number, the remaining members shall
elect and appoint other persons m lieu of those
whose places may have been vacatcd; and tlie
said corporation shall have full power and all the
rights of opening and keeping a hospital in the
ciiy of Washington for the caie of such sick and
invalid persons as may place themselves under
the treatment and care of the said corporation.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the said
corporation shall also have and enjoy full power
and authority to make such by-laws, rules, and
regulations, as may be necessary for the general
accomplishment of the objects of said hospital:
Provided, That they be not inconsistent with the
laws in force in the District of Columbia: And
provided, further, That this act shall he liable to be
amended, altered, or repealed, at the pleasure of
Congress.
Approved, April 8, 1861.
Chap. LI.—An Act concerning Notaries Public
for the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and blouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United Statesof Americain Congress
assembled, That notaries public for the District of
Columbia may be appointed by the supreme court
of said District, whose term of office shall be five
years, and who may be removed by said court
for cause. There shall be no new appointment
of a notary public until the number in this Dis-
trict is reduced to twenty-five; and when the num-
ber is so reduced, as vacancies thereafter occur,
-they may be filled by said court.
Sec. 2. And be itfurther enacted, That each no-
tary public hereafter appointed, before enteiing
upon the duties of his office, shall take an oath
faithfully to discharge the same, and shall give
bond to the United States in the sum of two thou-
sand dollars, with security to be approved by the
said supreme court, or a judge thereof, for the
faithful discharge of the duties of his.office. And
the said court shall, with reasonable dispatch, by
a general order to be published in one or more
.newspapers printed in the said District, require
all persons now holding the commission of notary
public in said District to give new bond, as here-
inbefore provided for, within a short time to be
prescribed therein; and all such persons failing
to comply therewith shall be stricken from the
list of notaries.
Sec. 3. And belt further enacted, That notaries
public shall have authority to demand acceptance
and payment of foreign bills of exchange, and
to protest the same for non-acceptance and non-
payment; and to exercise such other powers and
duties as, by the law of nations, and according
to commercial usages, or for use and effect beyond
the jurisdiction of the said District, as, according
to the law of any State or Territory of the United
States, or any foreign Governmentin amity with
the United States, may be performed by notaries
public.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That notaries
public may also demand acceptance of inland bills
of exchange, and payment thereof, and of prom-
issory notes, and may protest the same for non-
acceptancc or non-payment, as the case may
require.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That each
notary public shall have power to take and to
certify the acknowledgment or proof of powers
of attorney, mortgages, deeds, and other instru-
ments of writingexecutedby anymarried woman,
to take depositions, and to administer oaths and
affirmations in all matters incident or belonging
to the duties of his office, and to take affidavits
to be used before any court, judge, or officer
within this District.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That each no-
tary public shall keep a fair record of all his offi-
cial acts, except such«as are mentioned in the fifth
section of this act; and when required shall give
a certified copy of any record in nis office to any
person, upon payment of the fees therefor.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted,That each no-
tary public, before he acts as such, shall provide
a notarial seal, with which he shall authenticate
all his official acts, which seal, together with his
records and official documents, shall not be liable
to be seized on by any execution. He shall de-
posit an impression of his official seal in the office
of the clerk of the supreme court of said District.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That on the
death, resignation, or removal from office of any
notary public, his records, together with all his of-
ficial papers, shall be deposited in the office ofthe
clerk of the supreme court of said District.
Sec. i). And be it further enacted, That the
original protest of a notary public, under his hand
and official seal, of any bill of exchange or promis-
sory note for non-acceptance or non-payment,
stating the presentment by him of such bill of ex-
change or note for acceptance orpayment, and the
non-acceptance or non-payment thereof, and the
service of notice on any or all ofthe parties to such
bill of exchange or promissory note, and specify-
ing the mode of giving such notice, and the re-
puted place of residence ofthe party to whom the
same was given, and the post office nearest there-
to, shall be prima facie evidence of the facts con-
tained therein. The certificate of a notary public,
under his hand and seal ofofficc, drawn from his
record, stating the protestand the facts therein re-
corded, shall he evidence of the facts in like man-
ner as the original protest.
Sec. 10. And be itfurther enacted, That the fees
of notaries public shall be as follows: For each
certificate and seal, fifty ccnts; taking depositions
or other writings, for each one hundred words,
ten cents; administering an oath, fifteen cents;
taking acknowledgment of a deed or powerof.at-
tomey, with certificate thereof, fifty cents; every
protest of a bill of exchange or promissory note,
and recoiding the same, one dollar and seventy-
five ccnts; each notice of protest, ten cents; each
demand foracceptance or payment, ifaccepted or
paid, one dollar, to be paid by the party accept-
ing or paying the same; each noting of protest, one
dollar. And any notary public who shall take a
higher fee than is prescribed by this act shall pay
