1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
much precedents, will he venture to assert that
they should have prostrated themselves in the
dust and licked the feet of their oppressors, jus-
tifying such abject humiliation by the plea that
they were maintaining their allegiance to their
State? Sir, the loyai men of Virginia fully jus-
tified themselves in the eyes of mankind, and
best maintained their State allegiance, when,
as they truly said through their convention, they
adopted the only coarse by which their State
could he retained in the Union. But according
to the logic of the Senator from Kentucky, they
should have made no attempt to rid themselves
of the yoke of the usurpers who had betrayed
them, no attempt tp discharge their duty to the
Union, until they had counted noses arid found
they were a clear majority of ail the people of
the State.
And now I will ask, in no vaunting spirit,
-what might have been the consequence if the
men of the then western counties of Virginia had
succumbed to the Richmond oligarchy? Those
counties have sent to the aid of the Union more
than twenty thousand men, whose prowess has
been exhibited on almost every battle-field of the
war—men inhabiting a mountainous country and
muted to what some call hardships from their
infancy; men of active habits and great endur-
ance; men accustomed to the use of the rifle and
the management of the horse; men not enthu-
siastic, it is true, but reflective and of calm judg-
ment; men, in short, whose history proves that
they remained faithful to their country under
threats and menaces from a stern sense of duty,
if these men had espoused the other side, the
confederate armies, rejoicing in their additional
strength, would have occupied the valley of the
Ohio, including western Pennsylvania, long be-
fore the first battle of Bull Run. The secession-
ists of Virginia calculated on these mountaineers
to constitute the van of their armies; and the ad-
herence of the latter to the Union doubtless dis-
concerted many a well-laid plan at an important
crisis in the troubles of the country.
I have now, as 1 behove, fully proved that the
loyal Legislature of Virginia was the true Legis-
lature, and consequently that West Virginia is
formally, legally, and constitutionally one of the
States of the Union, on an equal footing with the
original States. The details I have given fully
exonerate the President and Congress from the
charges brought against them by\he honorable
Senator from Kentucky and others, and show that
those who effected the reorganization of Virginia,
among whom are included those who labored for
the erection of the State of West Viigima, were
governed by that true love of country and by that
spu it of resistance to oppression which has made
the revolutionary era of our history famous in the
estimation of the world. It is for the loyal of both
.States that I have invoked consideration and for-
bearance from those by whose sides they are still
struggling m a common cause.
A few days since my colleague and myself voted
on behalf ot West Virginia for an amendmentof
the Constitution forever abolishing the institu-
tion of slavery in these United States. For my-
self I gtwe that vote with pleasure, and, indeed,
had /or some time past been anxious to give it.
I gave it alter mature examination and reflection,
and tun sure it will be sustained by the people of
my State. 1 believe that the great majority of [
them, at any time since 1832, would have voted !
lor gradual emancipation by the State govern- i
ment it it had been presented to them as an iso- 1
lated question in a legal and constitutional way; r
and I believe it would long since have been so :
piesentcd but for the onslaught made, not on J
siuvei y, but on slaveholdcis, by ceitam paitiesin 1
the North. I have already stated that by far the '
larger portion of the loyal people of the border ,
States are themselves slaveholder or connected i
by ties of blood with those who are, were born ^
and reared where slavery existed, and have be- i
come accustomed to look at that institution from I
a different stand-point than that occupied by many \
on this jloor and those whom they represent. Is i
H wonderful, then, that they feelaggneved by the !
assaults constantly made on the characters and '
conduct of themselves or of those with whom '
they are so neaily connected? i
l am not the apologist of slavery, certainly not i
of its acknowledged evils. There has been no i
time since 1 attained years of reflection when I ;
did not sincerely regret its existence in this
country, no time when 1 did not long to see the
way open for its removal. Had such an oppor-
tunity offered, I should most probably have joined
the war against it in my own State. But fortu-
nately or unfortunately,as the case may be, there
is no enthusiasm in my composition, and the war
which I joined would not have been a crusade.
Enthusiasm in the pursuit of any object is no
proof of sincere conviction, as he who habitually
examines deliberately, amid the uncertainties by
which all moral questions are surrounded,learns
to distrust his own conclusions. I profess to have
examined this subject of slavery as far as my
ability and the lights afforded me would permit,
but my conclusions have been different from those
of some Senators who have spoken on the sub-
ject. On the one hand, I have not learned to re-
gard slaveholding as a blessing or as calculated
to add strength or prosperity to the State or com-
munity in which it exists, or on the other, to
denounce it as the gravest in the long catalogue
of crimes.
As to the religious aspect of the case, it will
never be settled by the citation of isolated texts
of Scripture on either side. Like all other ques-
tions of the kind, it requires that all the Bible says
concerning it shall be reconciled with all the teach-
ings of that holy volume, and that the facts and
circumstances connected with the particular sub-
ject shall be considered. Itisundeniablethat the
Mosaic law not only tolerated but regulated slave-
holding among the Hebrews. The same is true
of polygamy, which is more pointedly condemned
in the New Testament. It is also tiue of the-
aibitrury divorce practiced by that people. Of
the last the. Saviour said, " Moses, because of tho
hardness of your hearts, suffered you to put away
your wives; but from the beginning it was not
so." He also said, t{ He which made them, at
the beginning made them male and female." it
may reasonably be inferred that polygamy was
nut an original but a nunc conventional institu-
tion; and doubtless the same is true of slavery.
Yet both were tolerated, and may find their apol-
ogy in the destructive waisof those days. Plainlyu
neither was in accordance with the divine pur-
pose. The tares were suffered to grow with the
wheat until the harvest was fully ripe. This con-
demns slavery, it is true, but does any Christian
man asseit that what the divine law tolerated and
regulated were crimes on a par with those for-
bidden by the second table of the decalogue, or
what the law writers term mala in se ) To do &o
is to arraign the Almighty at His own bar.
if this is the slaveholders' iebelhon,and slavery
is at least the occasion if not the cauyc of it, let
vituperations and denunciations be reserved for
those among the former who are actually engaged
in waging war against their country, and forthose
who would perpetuate the institution anions us.
If their guilt is great, if they have even placed
themselves beyond the pale of forbearance, by
what rule of ratiocination does it follow that those
who were born where the institution already ex-
isted, and who could not, if they would, have
abolished it, and who arc giving their aid and en-
couragement to the war against the rebellion, are
also to be the subjects of vituperation and denun-
ciation? Are those of us who have simply lived
where slavery existed, exchanging the courtesies
of life with slaveholders, and esteeming those
among them who were worthy, according to their
deseits, to be placed in the same category ? Is it
not a more rational conclusion that those whose
patriotism has overcome their prejudices and at-
tachments are to be held in higher honor?
1 have already expressed the belief that the
loyal citizens of West Virginia, and of the bor-
der States geneialiy, will cheerfully vote for the
proposed amendmentof the Constitution. Thev
will vote for it because they will believe it to be
a legitimate exercise of the high prerogative of
the sovereign people of the United Slates; and
even if there are some opposed to it at this time, ;
they will, for the same reason, acquiesce m the |
result. But, from day to day, petitions are com- !
ing in asking Congie&e to abolish slavery by law •
in defiance of the Constitution. The lepeal of;
the fugitive slave law, a constitutional lequire- ;
ment, not its amelioration, is also pressed upon
this body. Movements are inaugurated having
in view the reconstruction of that which their
authors, in order to try their 'prentice hands at
State making, propose first to demolish; for al-
though the powers of Government may be sus-
pended, we are told by high authority that they
are incapable of annihilation, and if suspended,
return to the people for their exercise. Efforts,
direct and indirect, are making to elevate the ne-
gro to the level of citizenship, notwithstanding
the decisions of the courts and the practice of the
Government from its foundation are against it.
•I will only refer to the attempts to place him side
by side with the white man as his social equal,
notwithstanding the repugnance of the latter to
such association, and then very briefly examine
these several proposed measures in their order.
And first, as to the abolition of slavery by act
of Congress, the power to do which seems to be
denied by the Chicago platform itself. It is cer-
tain that whatever was constitutional or uncon-
stitutional before the war remains so now; and
that the loyal States are in the same condition as
to their right to hold slaves as they were then,
nor is this right affected,or alleged to be affected,
by the proclamation of the President. The ut-
most effect that instrument could have, or that
has been claimed for it, is to free the slaves in the
States and parts of States not excepted by its
terms, leaving the right to hold slaves as it was.
If, however, the proclamation had the effect con-
tended for, there are no slaves left for the pro-
posed act of Congress to operate on besides those
in the excepted States and parts of States; and
these, with one or two exceptions, are already
taking steps to rid themselves of slavery without
doing violence to the Constitution.
As to the fugitive slave law, I would freely vote
for the repeal of its obnoxious features, or the
substitution of the law of 1793; but I cannot see
any thing in recent events which enables us to dis-
pense with a plain requirement of the Consti-
tution, for I hold that it is obligatory upon Con-
gress to pass ail laws which may be necessary
for ceriymg into execution the powers vested in
the Government. It is too late to contend that
the power to compel the return of fugitive slaves
S is riot a power so vested. That question was set-
i tied by tho passage of the act of 1793, and by nu-
I merous decisions of the courts m compliance with
I its terms, which at least imply its constitution-
i ality.
Hut we have recently had some new light shed
upon this law by the majority of the committee
whorepoiied the pending bill. We are treated
to the discovery that the words "person held to
service or labor5' do not describe a slave, mainly
! j because slaves are not persons in a technical sense.
|j The comprehensive bievity of the Constitution is
one of its most admirable features as a hteiary
production. There weio three classes of natural
if not legal pel sons intended to be described, and
language is chosen which embraces all. The ma-
jonty report admits that apptentices were in-
cluded, and that an early Congress, some of whose
members sat in the Convention which framed the
Constitution, were simple enough to suppose that
slaves were also. There was a third class, as I
have stated, which ;s not often referred to, which
was formerly numerous, and is not yet extinct.
I allude to bound servant*,or those who had con-
tracted to serve others for a term of years. The
overseers of the poor in, I presume, every State
are authorized to bind out pauper men, women,
i and children who are more or less capable of ser-
vice. These bound servants will probably in-
crease in number m the States where slaves have
been liberated. And yet the law is to be repealed,
leaving no means to reclaim apprentices or bound
servants, who are unable to answer in damages
for the breach of the contract by which the light
to their service or labor was acquired.
As to the proposed plans of reconstruction, so
called, they appear to me, so far as I have seen
them, to have one thing m common, namely, a
violation of the true theory of the union of these
States. The Constitution gives to Congress in
so many words the power to declare war, without
: naming those against whom it may be waged. If
i an enemy should declare or wage war against a
' single State, Congress, because it is an integral
j part of the Union, must accept the war asagamst
the Union. Can the United States, then, declare
war against a State? To answer this affirmatively
would involve the absurdity of admitting that the
Union can declare and wage war against itself.
The armies of the Union may unquestionably
