1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
my colleague from New York, [Mr. Fernando
Wood,] that this is conferring extraordinary
powers upon the Secretary of the Treasury. Sir,
the powers which have been conceded to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for the last two years and
a half everywhere in this House will be acknowl-
edged to be large, bsoad, and general. Yet, sir,
these gentlemen admit that he has not up to this
period manifested the slightest disposition to use
these powers to the prejudice of the Union, in
which declaration I most entirely and cordially
concur. 1 think we have good reason to suppose
tiiat he will not exercise this power except in one
direction—and I ask the House to look at it care-
fully for one moment—and that direction in all
respects in favor of the people and the nation, and
cannot be used by any possibility in the opposite
direction.
Mr. Speaker, this is a power to sell, it is not a
power to purchase, although the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] called the attention of the
House to the fact that by a law of the last session
he has the power to buy. It is more to the in-
terest of the Secretary of the Treasury to avoid
the purchase of gold; more to his interest to bring
about a reduction in the price of gold, and all
the energies of his administration have no doubt
been leveled in that direction for a long course of
time.
I cannot say that I agree with him in the policy
he has adopted. If 1 had been in the last Con-
gress, and had the power to cast a vote, I would
have voted against the legal tender. I do not be-
lieve in it. Yet I come into this Congress and
find the principle established and deemed abso-
lutely essential to the prosecution of the war—that
is, the principle of paper money. I recognize it
and regard it as entitled to everything I can do for
it; and I feel it to be the duty of every individ-
ual member of this House to do everything to
strengthen the Treasury and not to do anything
to weaken it. We may oppose*the principle, and
may at a later day revolutionize it; but 1 appeal
to the House whether it is not our solemn duty
to clothe the Secretary of the Treasury with ad-
ditional power to enable him to get along with the
oneiousand responsible duty imposed upon him.
I therefore shall not hesitate to record my vote for
the resolution reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Mr. Speaker, as a general
principle, the safe way of legislation is to follow
the reports of committees. The question before
the House is of such importance that I feel justi-
fied in expressing an opinion which is in a degree
the result of the opportunity I have had to know
something of the financial affairs of the Govern-
ment and to draw certain conclusions concerning
the financial interests of the country. I think
that the security of the country is in the preserva-
tion of the public credit. However successful we
may be, within the limits of the most sanguine, in
military affairs, if the credit of the Government
is destroyed we cannot prosecute this contest to
a successful termination.
The first great measure on which public credit
rests is the economy of those intrusted with the
guardianship of the Treasury; next to that the
holding of public officers to a rigid accountabil-
ity; and next in taxation and judicious legisla-
tion to provide means for the payment of the in-
terest on the public debt. We must, moreover,
pursue a policy which shall render it reasonably
certain in the public estimation that the principal
is ultimately to be paid. The national creditors
believe that they have a guarantee in past legisla-
tion, sanctioned by public opinion, that the in-
terest of the public debt is to be paid in specie.
We have, as we are told by the Committee of
Ways and Means, or are to have on the 1st of
July next, a surplus of §11,000,000 of coin in the
Treasury of the United States.
I do not at all concur in the conclusion reached
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] j
that because we have received $500,000 on one day \
or on each of two days, thatthercfore it is reason- j
able to estimate that during the next four months,
or during the next sixteen months, the same sum
is to be daily received. We have collected in the
office of internal revenue $750,000 in a single day;
but it docs not follow that we are to receive three
quarters as many million dollars per annum as
there arc days in the year. We can arrive at a
correct result only by looking at the average re-
ceipts for weeks and months, or even for an
entire year.
Now, it appears from the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury that the estimate of receipts
of gold for the fiscal year 1864-65 is f70,000,000.
On the other hand we have to provide, for the pay-
ment of interest on the public debt during the fiscal
year 1864-65, $85,000,000 in specie. According
to the statement made this morning there will be
a surplus of gold on the 1st day of July next of
$11,000,000. To that surplus add the estimated
receipts for the fiscal year 1864-65, and we have
an aggregateof $81,000,000—showing a deficiency
on the 1st of July, 1865, of §4,000,000. It is now-
proposed to sell the temporary surplus of specie
which we now have or which we are to have on
hand on the 1st of July next. If the estimates
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] be
correct, the $11,000,000 anticipated surplus will
enable the merchants to pay their custom-house
duties for twenty-two days, and no more. When
that sum is exhausted they must go into the mar-
ket and purchase specie at such rates as may be
demanded.
And if it should happen after we have sold the
gold on hand that the receipts at the custom-house
do not meet the estimates of the gentleman from
Ohio, and that we are obliged to go into the mar-
ket and purchase fifteen millions of specie in order
to meet the interest for the fiscal year 1864-65, what
do you think will be the effect upon the credit of
the Government? Instead of gold selling at a
premium of sixty per cent., it is more likely to
sell at a premium of one hundred or two hundred
per cent. Thus you impair the credit of the
country at once. And with all deference to the
Committee of Ways and Means, 1 cannot come
to any other conclusion than that to sell the sur-
plus specie—which is merely a temporary surplus
—will inflict a shock upon the public credit. It
is our desire and our duty to strengthen the credit
of the Government; and the suggestion I make is
that if the propositions already before the House
be not accepted I will move to amend the resolu-
tion so that it shall read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury he authorized to an-
ticipate the payment of interest upon the public debt fioiu
time to tune, upon a rebate of inteiest by the holders of
coupons at the late of bix per cent, per annum in gold.
It seems to me the true way of sustaining the
public credit and of relieving the business and
commerce of the country, is by the payment in coin
of the interest on the public debt. The effect of
this will be to make the coupons due in July and
January next redeemable in gold; and then if the
merchant has a custom-house debt to meet, he
has but to go into the market and buy coupons,
payable in July and January, and convert them
into gold. The effect will be to relieve the money
market at once from this pressure by paying out
the gold from the independent Treasury to the
holders of the coupons. We receive the gold
again by its payment for custom-house dues, and
thus the Government is always kept in funds
with which to meet its interest.
It seems to me it is wiser to pay our debts which
are to be paid in gold than to sell the gold atany
price, and run the risk of being driven into the
market, a circumstance which would not only in-
crease the price of coin, but injure the credit of
the Government. The public credit to-day is based
upon two great facts—the promise of the repre-
sentatives ofthe people, and sustained by the judg-
ment of the people of the country, that the inter-
est on the public debt shall be paid in coin when
it is due, and that the principal is ultimately to be
paid by the development of the great resources of
this country, in the character of its people, and m
its untold agricultural and mineral wealth. When
you destroy public confidence in the disposition
or ability of the Treasury to pay the interest in
gold you deprive the Government of the means of
carrying on this war, because the war, however
heavily you may tax the people, is to be carried
on upon credit and not upon money.
It is a misfortune, undoubtedly, that gold is at
$1 60; but the truth about it is—-and in this, per-
haps, 1 differ from gentlemen around me—that
the paper of the country has depreciated. We
may as well admit that and take the facts just ex-
actly as they are. Great Britain for twenty years
after thesuspension of 1797,through its statesmen
and financiers, undertook to convince the world
that gold had increased in value, and that paper
had not depreciated. Whenever paper money
cannot be converted into coin according to the
numerical values assigned toeaeh, thenthepiaper
has depreciated invalue. The policy of the Gov-
ernment should be to restore its paper currency
to an eaual value with gold as soon as practical
ble. Admit the difficulty; admit the fact} guard
against the increase of the value of gold by in-
creasing taxation and diminishing expenditures;"
and provide at all times forthe payment of tbe in-'
terest on the public debt in specie.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to the
gentleman from Massachusetts that the amend-
ment he suggests is in order now as an amend-
ment to the substitute.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Then I offer it now.
Mr. HOOPER. My colleague will allow me
to remind him of one fact. His argumentseems
to be based on the idea that this joint resolution
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to sell the surplus gold. It merely authorized hinv
at his discretion to do so.
Mr. BOUTWELL. My answer to that is that
I have not seen the Secretary. I have never heard;
his opinion; but I assume when the Committee
of Ways and Means come here with so grave a.
proposition as this, that in that proposition they
have the concurrence ofthe Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury; and lassume that the Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury will be ready to actupon itas soon as the au-
thority is given him. 1 have great confidence in
the Secretary of the Treasury, and do not concur
nt all in the censorious remarks made by the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] as to his be-
ing surrounded by thieves. Still I am unwilling to
place in the hands of any person a power of this
character with the expectation that it is to be ex-
ercised. If the proposition is that this powershall
be exercised, I say it is the duty of the House to
consider whether we ought to confer it.
The SPEAKER. The amendment offered by
the gentleman from Massachusetts will now be
read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
That the Secretary ofthe Treasury be authorized to an-
ticipate the payment of interest upon the public debt from
tune to time, upon a rebate of interest by the holders of
coupons at the late of six per cent, per annum in gold.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The question is asked
me, How will you compel the holder of coupons
to surrender them to the Government? Of course
you cannot compel him to do it. But if a person
has a bond, the interest on which will be due in
July or January next, and he can obtain gold for
the coupons now, he will look at it as a matter
of business; and the question will be whether he
will take the gold from the Treasury now or in
July or January next. And therefore, whenever
there is a pressure upon the market, as the gen-
tlemen from New York say there is now, and it
is difficult to get gold and those who have agreed
to furnish it are in a comer, they will be relieved
of the pressure. Under such circumstances it
will be for the interest of the holder of coupons
to convert them into gold, because he can get
more for his coupons or their equivalent in gold
under the pressure upon his neighbor than he can
expect to get next July or January. As a busi-
ness matter, therefore, whenever there is a press-
ure for gold, coupons will come into the market,
and when there is no such pressure the holders
will retain them.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act for the
relief of the heirs of Noah Wis wall; and an act
amendatory of and supplementary to an act to pro-
vide circuit courts for the districts of California and
Oregon, and for other purposes, approved March
3,1863; when the Speaker signecl the same.
SALE or GOLD AGAIN.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD obtained the floor.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire, with the consent
of the gentleman from New York, to propound a
question to my colleague on the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. With pleasure.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] a
question in regard to some financial operations
of the Government in reference t# which he can
probably give me an answer sooner than 1 could
get it by looking at the Treasury report. With-
