1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17M
be employed to execute the laws within the ter-
ritory of any State. But is this a war success
in which would give to the Union the rights of a
conqueror? I apprehend that when resistance was
overcome the status of the State and its relations
to the Union would be in no respect altered. If,
lis threatened by South Carolina-in 1832, lUe re-
sistance to the laws was nominally authorized by
the Legislature or convention of a State, would
the result be different? What distinguishes our
Union from a mere confederacy is the fact that
the laws of Congress act directly upon the indi-
viduals of which each State is made up, anci not
upon the States, as bodies-politic. The enforce-
ment of the laws of the Union is, thercfore,so to
speak, the enforcement of the individuals who
resist them, and not the enforcement of a State.
Wo State Legislature or convention is competent to
authorize resistance to the laws, because such pre-
tended authority is in contradiction of the Con-
stitution, which makes the laws of the Union
which are resisted the supreme law of the land,
anything in the constitution or laws of any State
to the contrary notwithstanding. Such acts of a
State _ Legislature or convention are, therefore,
nullities. That would be a most extraordinary
conclusion which should claim that mere nullities
had sufHcient force to convict the State, as an or-
ganized body, of resistance to the laws, or, to
use another term, of rebellion, so that those citi-
zens who had given it no support by act or word
would be implicated in its guilt and punished, at
least by the loss of their rights as citizens of the
State and of the United States.
The armed forces of the Union may also in a
certain contingency enter a State to protect it
against domestic violence, that is, against an in-
surrection made by Us own citizens. Who or
what is to be protected in this case? Certainly
not merely the geographical division of territory
which is occupied by the State, and familiarly
designated by that word. The clause of the Con-
stitution can only mean the remainingcilizens of
the Stale not engaged in the insurrection. If this
is so, I may ask, what right or authority in ref-
erence to the State which they did not previously
possess do the United States acquire by putting
down the insurrection? Clearly, none. Can it
make any difference in this respect whether the
insurrection is made by a majority or a minority
of the citizens? I as confidently answer, it can-
not.
The contingency which authorizes the forces
of the Union to enter a State to protect it, to which
I have just alluded, is that such protection be in-
voked by its Legislature, or, if thai body cannot be
convened, by its Executive. The spiiitof the
Constitution evidently is, that the peaceful citi-
zens are guarantied against domestic violence.
That instiument, however, makes the Legisla-
ture, or the Executive, the judge as to when the
occasion for such protection arises. If we con-
sider not the words written on paper which we
call the Constitution, but the real Constitution of
the Government, which the paper merely records,
is it not a safe conclusion, that if the persons con-
stituting the Legislature and Executive have
joined ihemselvesto the insurrection, thenational
Government may under authority of the clause of
the Constitution under consideration, and with or
Without the invocation of citizens of the State op-
posed to the insurrection, send their armies to
give the needed protection'1
The Constitution also provides thatl< the Uni-
ted States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of govemmeut." Upon
this Mr. Madison remarks, in the Federalist,
that "if the General Government should inter-
pose by viitue of this constitutional authority it
will of course be bound to pursue the authority.
But the authority extends no further than toaguar-
antee of a republican form of government, which
supposes a preexisting government of the form
which is to be guarantied." 1 do not think I con-
tradict thatenunent statesman when I say thatthe
spirit of the clause evidently is that the Union shall
guaranty to each State a government of a repub-
lican foim; or, in other words, that as an existing
government is supposed, without which the guar-
antee cannot be operative, the Union guaranties
that there shall be a government as well as that
its form shall be republican, I remark here that
when the Administration eounlenaneed the efforts
to reorganize the gi.vL-rimie.n; of Virgnn.j, ihere
being then no legal government existing in that
State, it acted strictly within the line of Ha duty,
I say further, that what was dorte in Virginia
furnishes a precedent which may be properly fol 
lowed, and discloses a principle which cannot, I
think, be successfully controverted. The latter
was assented by a leajtiii3g:memt sr of the Reor-
ganizing co.ijv.eatipn of.thstSiCate in these" words:
" If there is but a single loyal man in the Slate
of Virginia, he is.th«-Sso);e,cff Virginia," Alter
the form but not tlae substanee atiti sa-y tffIS Wyal
citizjfls of a State constitute the Jgtstej imei few
witfhave the hardihood to d.eny it.
I assert, then, that whether thearmed forces af
the United States are now waging war within cer-
tain States to put down resistance to the laws, to
suppress insurrection, or to redeem the national
pledge to guaranty to each a government repub-
lican in foim, their success will not be a conquest
of any political organization heretofore recognized
as a State of the Union. They will simply have
aided in the discharge of a national duty, and the
blessings of thousands now suffering from the
tyranny of those who have usurped the govern-
ment of their respective States, as well as the
proud consciousness ofhaving nobly discharged
a patriotic duty, will be theirs. But the national
Government will have another duty to perform,
which it must not omit or evade. Itmustaidin
the reorganization of the government of every
redeemed Slate, and see that it is republican in
form. For the performance of this imperative
duty it cannot impose conditions. It must look
only to the charter from which it derived its birth
and by which it continues to exist, With the as-
surance that it cannot die except by suicide-.
There is one class of measures left to which I
proposed to advert. I allude to those which seek
to enforce the political and social equality of the
negro and while races. I ask, first, whether per-
sons of the negro race are, or indeed can be, cit-
izens of the United Slates without a constitu-
tional amendment? Most certainly they were not
counted among " we the people" who established
the national Constitution, nor were they at that
time, so far as 1 am informed, admitted to exer-
cise the rights and privileges of citizenship in any
State. From the foundation of the Government
they could not obtain passports to foreign coun-
tries from the State Department. TheseAre con-
temporaneous interpretations of the Constitution
which cannot be disregarded. Atvarious periods
since and in many instances the courts of the States
and of the United States have decided that they
are not citizens. The constitution of Indiana'
and the laws of several States forbid them to
come within their borders for permanent resi-
dence, which prohibitions would be of no effect
if they are citizens. Whatever privileges- indi-
vidual States may accord to them they cannot
make them citizens of the United States, so as to
be "entitled to all privileges and immunities of
citizens in the several States." They are not cit-
izens by birth, for the common law of England is
not of force under thenational Constitution. That
they cannot be madecitizens by incidentally call-
ing them such in an act of Congress is palpa-
ble. Whether that body can make them citizens
by an act passed for the purpose is, perhaps,
doubtful. Theirposition is certainly anomalous,
but there is no more perfect light possessed l>y
communities and societies of every kind than that
of excluding from citizenship or membership such
persons as they deem proper.
Nor does the clausein the Declaration of Inde-
pendence that " all men are created equal," when
rightly construed, even when allowed to-have the
force of an organic law, which it plainly has not,
make them citizens. The equality declared is
certainly not personal, but political. The latter
term can only apply to the members of a polit-
ical community, that is, a nation. Our sires cer-
tainly did not intend to proclaim that a non-natu-
ralized Frenchman, while sojourningin England,
should enjoy the same political rights as the na-
tive born. The world does not, m any sense, I
constitute one greateommuiiitv; but, on the other j
hand, the fiat of the Almighty Ruler, that men i
should thereafter dwell in separate and imlepend- |i
out communities, is plainly recorded in the Bible. j!
The equality of the Declaration of Independence, j
therefore, is that which should obtain between j
members of the same community. The "in- ]
aUenabie rights " there spoken of aie the rights '
also of nterabers of communities, foV it is further
said that "to secure ttnisa rigbtsi GtiV<5Minre'nfe,J?
oritt other w ords, separate, indeponden t cuwmm-
Jlities, "are instituted among men."
•such communities arte constituted on
pies, eqaality of pslitieal; rights will'hxfcWfce uni-
versal, for every j a ; *ithiiiH iS o Wncem rtuMritp,
writ enjoy -the same-rigb is and pri*4l«ge« asK^ery
other man cides Within that of which he «t -
zse  m member. • '
The class of persons to whom J have fcltuddt
may be made citizens by a constitutional attrend-
mient, and, possibly,.by an act of Congress; bat
there are grave considerations whioh should be
deliberately weighed before any step is taken in
this direction. Fiiere are many of them-to whom
the eights of citizenship- might be safely corrirn it-
ted, but these are .very far from being the ma-
jority . But two, three; or four generations have
pissed away since the. ancestors.of these peopfe
were savages of the .most degraded type. The
remark of Mr. Calhoun, to the effcct thai history
furnishes no record of a race which has arisen so
rapidly from savageism toward civilization rosy
correct, but the mass are yet very far from thegmth
This is emphatically true of the large raajor-ity
of those whom the war has liberated'from sla very .
Those who were employed as domestic and farni
servants, and were thus kept more closeiy.inebn-
tact with the whiles, have advanced moS'e-rapidly,
but the progress made by the plantation hands
has not been great, and they retain many of the
twits of savages. What positions they are to
oocupy among us, now and hereafter, is a ques-
tion demanding thg gravest consideration, and
eaawot be determined by flippant iterations of
maxims of liberty and equality, which scarcely
apply to them. We owe them protection, prob-
ct>l7 against themselves as well as.others, and I
do not perceive how such protection can be effi-
ciently given unless, like the freedmen now sup-
ported by the Government, they remain to some
extentin a state of pupilage, a state incompatible
with the exercise of the rights of citizenship.
J,now venture the assertion tlrait not one,of the
measures upon which I haws commented , except
that which has already passed the Senate, is
necessary or even desirable at this time;. Eman-
cipation by act of Congress is- not required , even
if it were possible. , The fugitive irtw,' so 'far as
slaves are concerned, is to-day little more tiiaij a
dead letter on the statute-book. When the pro-
posed amendment of the Constitution isadopted-,
there will be no slaves on whom it can -operate,
and I have shown that its retention, at leastin a
modified form, is necessary in regard to sbme
other classe.s of persons'. As to t'M s;o-caIle4 re-
constrtictipn of the-Union,.tlie way to it is piain,
and will be easy, when our armies have crashed
the rebellion. I adheie, and shall adhere while I
have breath, to the principles developed and acted
on in the reorganization of the government of Vir-
ginia. Let that example be followed, as indeed
it has been and is being followed, and all diffi-
culties vanish.'.1 Let the loyal men of .each re-
deemed State reorganize their government, and
when this is done for each and every one no w un-
der the domination of the rebels, all that is de-
sirable is accomplished. I do not counsel that
the troops of the Union should be withdrawn, or
that the exclusive control of affairs should be re-
linquished to the reorganized governments until it
can be done with safety to Uie Union, far such
safety is itsparamountlaw; butlthinkfftai safety
will be insured whenever the rebellion is sup-
pressed; for, as Ibelieve, there will be found loyal
men enough in every State, whether those who
through all these bitter times have held fast to
their integrity, or those who have seen tire error
of their ways and renewed their devotiorf to the
Union, to whom the administration of the State
government may be safely intrusted,
As to the political and social status of the recent
slaves it is only wise to await the development of
events. How these will arrange theitisdveS.even
in the near future, no human ken can discern. If
the freedmen shall voluntarily become the labor-
ers of the States where they haveiived.and prove
themselves worthy of their freedom, it will be
well for them and for us,an<l their condition will
be speedily ameliorated; but if, on the contrary,
as is greatly to- be feared, they decline to labor
and are willing, as has been the case elsewhere,
to live from hand to'mouth, the event will inevi-
