1864..]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
38th: Cong. ... 1st Sess.
a fine ofonc hundred dollars and be removed from
office by the said supreme court.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with this act be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, April 8, 1864.
Chap. Lit.—An Act to authorize the Columbia
Institution forthe Deafand Dumb and the Blind
to confer Degrees.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of theUnited States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the board of directors of the Co-
lumbia Institution for the instruction of the Deaf
and Dumb and the Blind be, and they are hereby,
authorized and empowered to grant and confirm
such degreesin the liberal arts and sciences to such
pupils of the institution, or others, who, by their
proficicncy in learning or other meritorious dis-
tinction they shall tlnnlc entitled to them, as are
usually granted and conferred in colleges; and to
grant to such graduates diplomas or certificates,
sealed and signed in such manner as said board of
directors may determine, to authenticate and per-
petuate the memory of such graduation.
Approved, April 8, 1864.
Chap. LIII.—An Act to amend section nine of
the Act approved July seventeenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, entitled " An Act to de-
fine the Pay and Emoluments ofcertain Officers
of the Army, and for other purposes."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, Thatthe rank ofchaplain withoutcom-
mand in the regular and volunteer service of the
United States, is hereby recognized. Chaplains
shall be borne on the field and staff rolls nextafter
the surgeons, and shall wear such uniform as is or
may be prescribed by the Army regulations, and
shall be subject to the same rules and regulations
as other officers of the Army. They shall be en-
titled to diaw forage for two horses, and, when
assigned to hospitals, posts, and forts, they shall
. be entitled to quarters- and fuel within the hos-
pitals, posts, or forts, while they are so assigned,
without the privilege of commutation, subject to
the same conditions and limitations as are now by
lawprovided in the case of surgeons. When ab-
sent from duty with leave, or on account of sick-
ness or other disability, or when held by the enemy
as prisoners, they shall be subject to no other dim-
inution or loss of pay and allowances than other
officers in the military service are under li^e cir-
cumstances. And chaplains who have been ab-
sent from duty, by reason of wounds or sickness,
or when held as prisoners in the hands of the
enemy, shall be entitled to receive full pay with-
out rations during such absence. In all other re-
spects, the pay of chaplains shall be the same as
now provided by law.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the act
approved July fourteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, entitled, "An act to grant pensions,"
is hereby so amended as to include chaplains in
the regular and volunteer forces of the Army:
Provided, That the pension to which'a chaplain
shall be entitled for a total disability shall be twen-
ty dollars per month, and all the provisions of the
act to which this section is an amendment shall
apply to and embrace the widows, children, moth-
ers, and sisters of chaplains of the land forces who
have died since the fourth day of March, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, or shall die of wounds or
disease contracted in the service of the United
States, and while sucli chaplains are or shall be in
the line of their duty.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
be the duty of chaplains in the military service of
the United States to make monthly reports to the
Adjutant General of the Army, through the usual
military channels, ofthe moral condition and gen-
eral history of the regiments, hospitals, or posts
to which they may be attached; and it shall be the
duty of all commanders of regiments, hospitals,
and posts to render such facilities as will aid in the
discharge ofthe duties assigned to them by the
Government.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all chap-
lains m the military service of the United States
shall hold appropriate religious services at the
burial of soldiers who may die in the command to
which they are assigned to duty, and it shall be
their duty to hold public religious services at least
once each Sabbath when practicable.
Approved, April 9, 1864.
Chap. LIV.—An Act to appointan Appraiser and
Assistant Appraiser for the Port of Portland,
and for other purposes.. /
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States,
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall
appoint an appraiser and assistant appraiser for
the portofPortland, Maine, whose dutiesshall be
the same as those of similar officers in other ports;
and the ninth section  f the act of Congress passed
May seventh, one thousand eight hundred and
twenty-two, entitled "An act further to establish
the compensation of officers of the customs and to
alter certain collection districts, and for other pur-
poses," is hereby amended by adding Portland
aforesaid to the ports therein enumerated, and the
deputy collectors, not exceeding three in number,
and the appraiser of said port shall each receive
the compensation of two thousand dollars per an-
num, and the assistant appraiser shall receive a
compensation of fifteen hundred dollars per an-
num.
Approved, April 9, 1864.
Chap. LVIII.—An Actextending the Time with-
in which the States and Territories may accept
the Grant of Lands made by the Act entitled
"An Act donating Public Lands to the several
States and Territories which may provide Col-
leges for the Benefit of Agriculture and the
Mechanic Arts," approved July second, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That any State orTcrritory may accept
and shall be entitled to the benefits of the act en-
titled "An actdonating pubhclands to the several
States and Territories which may provide colleges
for the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts," approved July second, <fighteen hundred
and sixty-two, by expressing its acceptance there-
of as provided in said act, within two years from
the date of the approval of this act, subject, how-
ever, to the conditions in said act contained.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the ben-
efit of the provisions of this act, and of the said
act approved July second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, be, and the same are hereby, extended
to the State of West Virginia.
Approved, April ]4,1864."
Chap. LfX.—An Act to enable the People of
Nebraska to form a Constitution and State Gov-
ernment, and for the Admission of such State
into the Union on an .equal Footing with the
original States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United Stales of Americain Congress
assembled, That the inhabitants of that portion of
the Territory of Nebraska included in^the bound-
aries hereinafter designated be-, and they are here-
by, authorized to form for themselves a constitu-
tion and State government, with the name afore-
said, which State, when so formed, shall be ad-
mitted into the Union as hereinafter provided.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
State of Nebraska shall consist of all the terri-
tory included \vilhin the following boundaries,
to wit: Commencing at a point formed by the in-
tersection of the western boundary of the State
of Missouri with the fortieth degree of north lat-
itude; extending thence due west along said for-
tieth degree of north latitude to a point formed
by its intersection with the twenty-fifth degree of
longitude west from Washington; thence north
along said twenty-fifth degree of longitude to a
point formed by its intersection with the forty-
first degree of north latitude; thence west along
said forty-first degree of north latitude to a point
formed by its intersection with the twenty-sev-
enth degree of longitude west from Washington;
thence north along said twenty-seventh degree of
west longitude to a point formed by its intersec-
tion with the forty-third degree of north latitude)
thence east along said forty-third degree of north
latitude to the Reya Paha river; thence down the
middle of the channel of smkI river, wif.h its
meanderings, to its junction with the Niobrara
river; thence d<jwn the middle of the channel of
said Niobrara river, and following the meander-
ings thereof, to its junction with the Missouri
river; thence down the middle of the channel of
said Missouri river, and following the meander-
ings thereof, to the place, of beginning. •
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That all per-
sona qualified by law to vote for representatives
to the General Assembly of said Territory shall '
be qualified to be elected; and they.afe hereby
authorized to vote for and choose representatives
to form a convention, under such fulesand regu-
lations as the Governor of said Territory may
prescribe, and also to vote upon the acceptance
or rejection of such constitution as may be formed
by said convention, under such rules and regula-
tions as said convention may prescribe; and if
any of said citizens are enlisted in the Army of
the United States, and are still within said Ter-
ritory, they shall be permitted to vote at their
place of rendezvous; and if any are absent from
said Territory, by reason of their enlistment in
the Army of the United States, theyshallbe per-
mitted to vote at their place of service, under the
rules and regulations in each case to be prescribed
as aforesaid; and the aforesaid representatives to
form the aforesaid convention shall be appor-
tioned among the several counties in said Terri-
tory in proportion to the population as near as
may be, and said apportionment shall be made
for said Territory by the Governor, United States
district attorfiey, and chief justice thereof, or any
two of them. And the Governor of said Terri-
tory shall, by proclamation, on or before the first
Monday of May next, order an election of the
representatives aforesaid to be held on the first
Monday in June thereafter throughout theTerri-
tory; and such election shall be conducted in the
same manner as is prescribed by the laws of said
Territory regulating elections therein for members
of the House of Representatives; and the number
of members to said convention shall be the same
as now constitute both branches of the Legisla-
ture of the aforesaid Territory.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the mem-
bers of the convention thus elected sliall meet at
the capital of said Territoryon the first Monday
m July next, and after organization shall declare,
on behalf of the peoplg of said Territory, that
they adopt the Constitution of the United States;
whereupon the said convention shall be, and itia
hereby, authorized to form a constitution and
State government: Provided, That the constitu-
tion when formed shall be republican, and not
repugnant to the Constitution of the United States
and the principles of the Declaration of Independ-
ence: And provided further, That said constitution
shall provide, by an article forever irrevocable,
without the consent of the Congress of theUnited
States:
First. That slavery or involuntary servitude
shall be forever prohibited in said State.
Second. That perfect toleration of religious
sentiment shall be secured, and no inhabitant of
said State shall over be molested in person or
property on account of his or her mode of reli-
gious worship.
Third. That the people inhabiting said Terri-
tory do agree and declare that they forever dis-
claim all right and title to the unappropriated
public lands lying within said Territory, and that
the same shall be and remain at the sole and en-
tire disposition-of the United States, and thatthe
lands belonging to citizens of the United States
residing without the said State shall never be
taxed higher than the land belonging to residents
thereof, and thatnotaxesshallbeimposedbysaid
State on lands or property therein belonging to or
which may hereafter be purchased by the United
States. '
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That in case
a constitution and State government shall be
formed for the people of said Territory of Ne-
braska, in compliance with the provisions of this
act, that said convention forming the same shall
provide by ordinance for submitting said consti-
tution to the people of said State for their raiifi-
