1782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
tably prov<? that they have butexcbanged one sab- |
jection for another, aiul that their taskmasters
will be the pauper and criminal laws of theStates
where they reside. Buts this, may be avoided,
and ajl ih«,t their best friends can desire may be
conceded to them if they are taught a true self-
respect instead of a ridiculous seu-esteem,
the application of a41 this is obvious. If'the
measures I deprecate are of dbubtful constitution-
ality; if they are not called for by anythinggrow-
ing .out of the present condition of our national
affairs; if their effect will be to irritate and per-
haps estrange a portion of our fellow-citizens who
have abundantly proved by acts, more than by
professions, their devotion to the Union and the
general welfare; if these are ready to vote, pos-
sibly, as one man for that amendment of the Con-
stitution which wilt at once and forever destroy
that root of bitterness which is supposed to call
for the measures in question, why shall they be
pressed upon Congress and the country at this
time?, I leave the answer to the patriotism and
good sense of those whose consideration and for-
Bearance I invoked at the beginning of these re-
marks.
Clouds may rest upon the natural horizon, but
we know that somewhere behind them is the glo-
rious luminary winch shall soon burst through,
diffusing light, heat, and vitality. The arrange-
ments of Providence in the moral wot Id assure
us that, as in the natural, clouds of sorrow and
affliction do but conceal, not extinguish, the sun
of mercy which is ever shining. Clouds and
thick darkness are resting now upon our national
horizon, but let us have the faith to believe that
they will speedily dissipate and let in the rays
thatwill revivify our Union. Letusbelieve that
ours will again be a united country, our people
again dwelling in peace and harmony under our
bcmgn institutions, all sectional jealousies and
animosities removed,and each as anxious for the
welfaroof his brother as for his own,giving him
no cause of offense, bearing with his infirmities,
and kind to his virtues.
For myself, Mr. President, I have never doubted
that a bright future is in store for our common
country;and even the late events have notshaken
my faith in itsglorious destiny. Stormsand torna-
does in the natural world are but the precursors of
abrighterday; and amid thegloomthatsurrounds
us, I venture, but with reverence, to apply to the
land of my birth and of my love, the lines of the
prophet whose lips were touched with the living
fire of heaven:
" Look upon Z on, the city of our solemnities :
Tiuiie eyes ?.hall t-ee Jerusalem ;i quiet habitation,
A tabernacle that ^hall not be taken down;
Not one of the stakes thereof shall cvoi he removed;
Neither shall any of the cords thereof be broken.
But there the glorious Loid will he unto us
A place of bioad rivers and streams,
Wherein s-h.ill go no galley with ours,
Neither shall gallant ship pass thereby.
For the Lord is our judge,
The Lord is our iawgivei,
The Lord is our lung;
He will f-ave us." } j -
Mr. HOWARD. I desire'tb offer an amend- j
merit to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The Senator is informed that it is not
in a stage to be amended.
Mr. SUMNER. Hut a reconsideration can be
moved. The last vote is open to reconsidera-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Undoubtedly
a Senator voting in the affirmativeon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and lead a thud time, can
move a reconsideration of that vote.
j\Ir. WILSON. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on oidenug the bill to be engiosaid ioi a
third leading, but it is open lo amendment.
Mr. HOVVARD. I offer an amendment, to
insert at the end of the bill the following:
Rut no person found m any Territory of the United States
<h ih the District of Columbia t-tmll be ileumed to have
been held to labor or peiviee or n  be a -lave ; norslml! he
or she be removed under said act of 1793; and the fourth
section of said act is hereby repealed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. if the Senator from
Michigan desired to go on tins afternoon in the
discussion of this amendment I would not make
the motion which i am about to make; but it is
necessary that there shouid be a "short executive
session* and I make that motion.
Mr. SCJMNER. -I suggest that it should be
an hour Ikter.
Mr. BROWN. I think this bill had better lie
over until to-morrow.
,Mr. DOOLITTLE. I submit the motion for
an executive session.
• Mr. SUMNER. I hopenotatthistime, atany
rate. I ho|>e we shall take another'hour on this
biiL : -
■Mr.BROWN. Why? Youdannotgetthrough
with it this evening,
Mr. FESSENDEN. J have sat listeniag to
this debate, and I was in hopes that the debate
would be brought to an end and we might come
to a vote and dispose of this bill. I am very anx-
ious to dispose of the' remaining appropriation
bill which , is on the tabic during this week. I
do.not like to interfere with this bill; but I must
give notice to gentlemen that unless they choose
to dispose of it this afternoon or by to-morrow
at one o'clock, '1 must then move to go on with
the Army appropriation bilL
Mr. SUM N ER. 1 hope,'therefore, we may 2:0
on for at least another hour this afternoon. We
can make some progress if we cannot finish it.
Mr.CONNESS, Mr. President, I hope we shall
not go on with theconsideration of this bill now,
but that we shall postpone it to the coming week,
and take up the Army appropriation billto-morrow
and go on with that. I do not understand the anx-
iety of my, honorable friend from Massachusetts
in pressing this bill in ils present condition. I am
exceedingly anxious for an opportunity to vote
for this bill in a shape that will justify my con-
science and sense of justice. As it now is I can-
not and will not vote affirmatively upon it. There
are many friends of the original bill who fee! as
I do m regard to it. I cannot, therefoie, under-
stand the wisdom or the necessity of pushing it
upon the Senate now, I hope that the Senator
will de.sist in his efforts to press it, and that we
shall postpone it until some time when we shall
have a fuller Senate than we have now and an
opportunity to act with a little moie deliberation
upon it. A very material change has been made
in the bill since it was presented by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts—-a change which,
were it not supported by a majority of the Sen-
ate, 1 would say was not creditable to the coun-
try at the present time; but I am not peimitted,
I suppose, to say that.
Mr. SUMNEll. I think you are.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator thinks I am.
I have no doubt that that is hisopmion. itdoes
not vary much from my own.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senatorfrom California, with his
indulgence, that while 0 motion to proceed to the
consideration of executive business is pending,
it has always been the practice to place a very
narrow limit upon debate, and it is notnt order
to discuss other matters when that motion is
pending.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not propose to occupy
the time of the Senate. I move (if the Senator
from Wisconsin will permit me) that this subject
be postponed until Tuesday next at one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. There is already a special
order for Tuesday.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I will say Wednes-
day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does theSen-
ator from Wisconsin withdraw the motion for an
executive session ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 do not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
nendins: motion.
' Mr. SUMMER. That is debatable.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 do not understand that
to be a debatable motion.
Mr. SUMNEli. I beg die Senator's pardon:
it is debatable; hut 1 have no desire to debate it
at length. 1 will merely make one remark m re-
ply to my friend fiom California. 1 enter into
his ideas completely; but the Semtforfrom Mich-
I! igan has just presented an amendment; it is on the
1 fable; he has some few woids of explanation to
jj make, i wish to listen to him; I think my fiiend
i from California would be glad to listen to him;
and I wish, if possible, that we may get a vote
■| on that amendment, and possibly on still another
!, amendment. We may do something, therefore,
i to improve the proposition. Whether we can
bring 11 into such a shope that we can have finally
the vote of my friend from California remains to
be seen; but let us try, and use the time that re-
mains this afternoon, at least for another hout.
Mr. CONNESS, i have nothing fuither to
say since the Senator from Wisconsin will not
withdraw his motion.
■ Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator fiom
Massachusetts will let this question go over.
We certainly cannot take the final vote to-day,
and perhaps not to-morrow. There are Senators
absent, who cannot he here until next week, that
desire to speak and vote upon it. I do not think
we shall gain anything by trying to take the vote
this week. There are half a dozen amendments
to be proposed.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; if the friends of
the measure request that it shall not be pressed
to-day, I certainly will not throw myself m their
way.
Mr. POMEROY. There are at least three
other amendments to be proposed lo thismeasure,
and it will take some time to discuss them.
Mr. CONNESS. I have named Wednesday
of next week. I hope that will be agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; let the Senator
make that motion.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator from Wis-
consin will permit me, I wtll renew that motion;
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall cei tainly do so. I
withdraw my motion for that purpose.
Mr. CONNESS. I move, then, that this bill
be postponed to and made the order of the day for
next Wednesday, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
AttMY APPBOP1UATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to take up the
bill making appro pi unions for tin* suppoi t of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 18G5.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I must now lenew my
motion for an executive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will leave the ap-
propriation bill as the unfinished business, f sup-
pose, to come up to-morrow as the special older.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
the effect.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion of Mr. Doolittle was agreed to;
and after some time spent m the consideration of
executive business, the doors were i eopenud, and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, iJ&l,
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Puiyer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciiannjng.
The Journal of yesterday was lead and approved.
IKON-CLAD VESSELS.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Pi inting, reported the following resolution; v. Inch
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be punted tor the use of the Navy
Department two thousand copies of the lepou and docu-
ments of tile 5?ecretaiy of the Navy relating to lion-dad
vessels, Sic., and thiee thousand lor the use of the House.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FOREIGN EMIGRATION.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Punting", reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
]| Rcolrcd, That there shall be printed for the of the
li Uou!«o ten thousand extra copies of the repoit of the com-
I imttee to which was refetred t-o much of the President's
mob^ag« as icfers to loreign emigiation.
Mr. A W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I am directed by the
Committee on Printing to report back to the
House a memorial presented to the House in ref-
erence to an increase ofcompensation for the pub-
lication of the Congressional Globe. After con-
