2758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
Mr. WILSON. I propose to add as an addi-
tional section to the bill the following:
And be it further enactcd, That there blialJ be levied, col-
lected, and paid a stamp duty ot 10 cents on- every bill of
salo. of goods, wares, or meichandi->o of any kind or de-
scription, exceeding m amount $10 and not exceeding in
amount $100; and one fourth oi'one por cent, on all sums
exceeding$100} and any person or persons who shall make,
sign, oi jfjsue, or who shall cause to be made, signed, or is-
sued, any bill of sale of poods, waves, oi merchandise, or
phall acceptor pay, or cause to he accepted or paid, any tuch
bill of sale withoutthesame bemgduly stamped, or having
thereupon an adhesive stamp for denoting the duty charge-
able thereon, with the intent to evade the provisions of this
net, shall for every such offense fdrfeitthe sum of $200, and
such bill of sale shall be invalid and of no effcct.
I intend to occupy but a few moments, as I am
anxious to get this bill through, but I am still
more anxious to have it go through in a form by
which the required revenue can be raised. This
proposition is, I think, a very simple one. It
provides that on all bills of sale exceeding $10
and up to $100 there shall be a stamp of ten cents;
on all bills of sale over $100 a stamp of one quar-
ter of one per cent.; and that, I think, wiil give
us somewhere from fifteen to twenty-five million
dollars revenue, and 1 do not think there will be
the least difficulty in the world in enforcing it
any more than there is in enforcing "the stamp on
bank checks. 1 am told that the easiest part of
the existing law to administer is the stamp part
of it. $y law there are eighty-three stamps;
seventy-eight of those stamps are now in use; and
it is said that there is no difficulty in carrying out
that part of the law. There can be none in put-
ting the stumps on bills of sale, if you make a
bill of sale an illegal document without a stamp,
any more than there is in putting a stamp on a
bank cheek or any other document. No man
will settle a bill illegally to save a few cents or a
few dollars. It will not require an additional man
in the country to administer it, it will add noth-
ing to the clerical force employed. I wish to
quote li-oin a letter written by Dr. James W.
btoue, dated on the^ih of January, 1803, in which
he says in regard to stamps:
4* In my judgment lie: -4 imp sections oj die <ict nol onl>
woik to much better advantage th.m fin- oilier section*,
hut it will Iw no ineofHideiahh' benefit to the Government,
if the M.imp duties could he substituted m many it' not in
all in nances I'm the other method of collin tint; tins internal
revenue : fust, on account of simplicity ot operation ; sec-
ond, on account of self-execution, the illegality of the un-
biumped instrument rendering muis to entoiee the use of
stamps* needless thud, on account of the autc-paymcnt of
taxes, the stumps being puieha.-ed, in many ca<e^, months
if not yeais before they are used; fourth, "from the surety
against fraud or cn!iu>ioij between the numberless otlieeis
in dilTeient parts of the country, and those disposed to de-
fraud the Uowrnmeut when payment is m.ule without
frtamps; ami lastly, I'joiu the great diminution oi expense
in lli<i collection of the revenue."
I am told by collectors and by assessors that it
will take not a .single man more to execute the
law than now; it lequires no cost, no expense,
except to provide the stamps, to send them out,
and to sell them. Theie will be no more diffi-
culty in enforcing the law in that lespect lhau in
the enforcement of the use ol stamps upon any
other lnstiu men t; the main strength oft he position
being in declaring the unstamped document itself
illegal and of ito effect.
Air. JOHNSON. 1 think the amendment would
bv evaded constantly. Then; will be no hilla of
sale. Goods pass from hand to hami with lulls?
of parcel, or fhey pass without any writing; and
where (hat is the case there would be no stamp
required by the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. 1 am told by business men,
some of them dealing to the extent of millions,
that there would not be one ease in a hundred of
any amount where the bill of sale would not be
made and stumped, because nobody will risk
property on any other airangement. On little
small matters it may be different, and I have ex-
empted all transactions under ten dollars.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honoiable member does
not understand me. What 1 meant to say was
that in the way the amendment is drafted the stamp
would not be required unless there was a lull of sale;
and theiefore if there is no bill of snle the contract
could notbe declared void. If he proposed to make
it more comprehensive than it would be by apply-
ing it merely to cases of bills of sale he might ap-
ply it to bills of parcel, and that would include a
variety of cases that would be excluded if the
amendment stands as it is proposed by the hon-
orable member. If I understand it, I think the
amendment would be construed to mean that the
stamp is required only where the sale in question
is evidenced by a bill of sale, which, as I say,
will not be and need not be, for the purpose of
making the contract a valid one, done once in a
thousand times.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is the old proposition
in anew shape, a tax on sales. We have had it be-
fore the Senateduring the lasttwo years some half
dozen times,and always to no effect. I have nei-
ther the strength nor the disposition to argue these
thingsover and over and over and over again. I
have stated what is true, that a tax upon sales,
whether you put it on the sale itself, or whether you
put it on in the shape of a stampupon every bill of
parcel, is new in any country. Itneverhas been
adopted, and, as it has been deliberately consid-
ered by the committees of both Houses at three
sessions of Congress and rejected, I should not
suppose there was the slightest probability of its
passing now. I know that some gentlemen have
the same opinions with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. They talk with outside gentlemen who
have not considered the whole subject, I think,
and who state only the argument on one side. I
rcrlly hope the Senate will not adopt it.
Mr. McDOlJGALL. The chairman of the
Committee on Finance has said that the proposi-
tion to tax sales has been considered deliberately
at three sessions of Congress. I take the liberty
of saying, notwithstanding the observation of the
Senator, that it has not been deliberately consid-
ered at any session of Congress. I remember
well that three eminent gentlemen from Massa-
chusetts came here pending the discussion on the
first tax bill, and I have not seen an abler delega-
tion come from any part of the country. They
were sent as a deputation from the Boston Board
of Trado. They were heard for fifteen minutes
by the Committee on Finance of this body. Per-
haps that was consideration for so grave a ques-
tion! I remember well that as against the bill from
the House of Representatives before the Commit-
tee on Finance two years ago, the idea of raising
our levenue from a tax on sales was bestapproved
by a majority of the committee. 1 remember well
thatat the solicitation oftlic chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance I consented that he might re-
pot t the House bill as amended in the Committee
on Finance. 1 consented, otherwise he would not
have had an opportunity to report it. When the
House bill was reported by the chairman, not by
the concurrence of a majority but by the acqui-
escence of a majority, it was understood that the
then Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. Simmons)
could present his views, and that 1, having pre-
sented a bill embodying the principle of the tax
on sales, should piesent my pioposition befoie
the Senate. When we did so the chairman of the
Committee on Finance claimed that his bill was
a repoit of the Committee on Finance; and the
views of the Senator from Rhode Island and the
views that I designed to embody as representing
the advice of the Botml of Traue of Boston, the
Chamber of Commerce of Nesv York, the Board
of Tiado of Philadelphia, and the Chambers of
Commerce of Cincinnati and Chicago and all the
pi incpnl cities, all concurring in the same views,
were unnoted and not allowed a healing on this
•flour. Therefore it has not been consideied.
I believed (hen that the advice they gave in re-
gard to the manner of raising levenue was the
best advice, and I behove it still. There was not
one of those ihree members of the committee of
the Bos'on IJoard of Trade who would not have
honored the floor of this Senate; and their views
were indotsed by all the organized commercial
bodies of the United States. I am very glad to
see the proposition brought forward again. It is
a tax moie euiily and moie justly levied, and
will do moie to aid the revenues of the Federal
Government and secure us money to carry on
the warth.au any of your rnei e stamp acts. This
is now taking the foim of a stamp tax, as it was
not as I proposed it then; but still it will bring
us more money even than those subjects of taxa-
tion that have been made the basis of the revenue
bill. 1, by way of vindicating a sound policy as
against a most immature one that was organized
without reference to the lessons we had learned
fiom abroad, favor this as a better system, bet-
ter considered, more economical, and producing
greater results; and I shall therefore vote with
the Senator fiom Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to call the attention of
Senators for a moment to an extract from a letter
from a gentleman of Philadelphia; and I must
say that 1 think the gentleman whose letter I am
about to read understands this whole subject of
taxation exceedingly well. He says:
" Tins immense source of revenue in England"—
That is, stamps on bills of sale—
" where every hill, large and small, is stamped, lias be^n
igaored with us. Now, thatthe wants of the Treasury can
be no longer smothered, it is well to place taxation "upon
some sources of revenue, of which bills of sale can he
made, I repeat, a very large one. Many of the objects
upon which stamp taxes have been imposed can be suc-
cessfully passed fiom hand to hand, evading the btainp
duty. A bill of sale is not one of these."
It is certain that it will cost the Government
nothing for additional officers. If we sell one
million, two million, five, ten, or twenty-five
million stamps, and they are used, we gain so
much. Therefore I hope we shall try it. There
is no harm in trying it. It is simply a stamptax
on bills of sale, and if there are no bills of sale
made we shall get nothing, and nobody is harmed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The very distinguished
gentleman from Philadelphia who writes that
letter does not knowanything about the subject,
and he is like a good many other gentlemen who
sit quietly at home and think they understand the
whole revenue system. A letter from them is
conclusive on the subject when they look only at
a single thing, and they and the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts give no credit whatever
to the many men who have studied this subject,
and looked at it all they could for hours and days
and weeks, and tried to come to a just conclusion
with all the light they could get from books and
from the hundreds of letters, not from one dis-
tinguished gentleman but from a great many dis-
tinguished gentlemen; and therefore I think more
importance is given really to the suggestion than
ought to be, because it takes for granted that the
committees have had no suggestion made to them,
though they have been in the receipt of bushels
of suggestions on all these questions.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 ask the Senator from
Maine to explain the difference—I do not precisely
undeistandit—between this proposition and (he
tax on all receipts in England. I understand this
is a (ax on every receipted bill there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a tax in this
bill on lcceipts.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is not this a tax on re-
ceipts ^
Mr. FESSENDEN. Substantially. If the Sen-
ator will allow me a moment I will explain, and
I wiil continue to stand here and explain these
things over and over again as long as my physical
strength holds out, day after day until this time
next year, if Senators insist on trying these ques-
tions so many times. We put a tax upon bills
of sale of ships. Wherever, in order to mnkc a
sale valid there must be evidence of it in writ-
ing registered or iccorded, you can reach it, be-
cause the document must so exist; and it is so
with regard to ships. It is not so that I am awaie
of with any other article of personal property,
because personal property passes by dehveiy.
A man comes to me and buys a horse, or any
other article, no matter what; I pass the thing over
to him and he pays me my money, and there is
the end of it; or if 1 give him credit on my books,
when he comes and pays me the money 1 balance
my books and there is the end of it. You cannot
oblige a man to make a bill of sale; he docs not
need it; the thing is past.
Delivery is as good as any writing. There-
fore it is useless to attempt to put a tax on papets
that the law does not require, because anybody
disposed to avoid it will simply say, " Heie is my
money, give me the goods, and that is the cud of
it." But people want a rect ipt for money paid.
That is a thing that is important, and a tax, as I
said before, is put upon receipts for money. The
committee did not like the. wording of that clause
exactly, and they struck it out for the purpose of
having it more deliberately considered in a com-
mittee of conference as they supposed it would
be. If 1 supposed it would not be considered in
the committee of conference I would non-concur
in what was done by our committee m that re-
spect and lestore the lax on receipts to where it
stood m the bill. I am inclined to think we can
get considerable money out of it, because a re-
ceipt for money a man will have when it is due.
That is as far as we can go, unless you pass a
