154
■APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
cation or rejection at an election to be held on the
second Tuesday of October, one thousand eight
hundred and sixty-four, at such places and under
such regulations a§ may be prescribed therein, at
jvhich ejection Che qualified voters, as hereinbe-
fore provided, shall vote directl^for or against
the proposed constitution, and the returns of said
elections shall be made to the acting Governor
of the'Territory, who, together with the United
States district attorney and chief justice of the
said Territory, or any two of them, shall canvass
the same, and if a majority of legal votes shall
be cast for said constitution in said proposed State,
the said acting Governor shall certify the same
to the President of the United States, together
with a copy of said constitution and ordinances;
whereupon itehall be the duty of the President
of the United States to issue his proclamation
declaring the State admitted into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States, without
any further action whatever'on the part of Con-
gress.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That until
the next general census shall be taken said State
of Nebraskashall beentitled to one Representative
in the House of Representatives of the United
States, which Representative, together with the
Governor and State and other officers provided
for in said constitution, may be elected on the
same day a vote is taken for or against the pro-
posed constitution and State government.
Sec. 7. And be itfarther enacted, Thatsections
numbered sixteen and thirty-six in every town-
ship, and when such sections have been sold or
otherwise disposed of by any act of Congress,
other lands equivalent thereto, in legal subdivis-
ions of not less than one quarter section, and as
contiguous as may be, shall be,"and are hereby,
granted to said State for the support of common
schools.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That provided
the State of Nebraska shall admitted into the
Union in accordance with the foregoing provis-
ions of this act, that twenty entire sections of the
unappropriated public lands within said State, to
he selected and located by direction of the Legis-
lature thereof, on or before the first day of Jan-
uary, anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, shall be, and they are hereby, granted, in
legal subdivisions of not less than one hundred
and sixty acres, to said State for the purpose of
erecting public buildings at the capital of said
State for legislative and judicial purposes, in such
manner as the Legislature shall prescribe.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That fifty
other entire sections of land, as aforesaid, to be
selected and located as aforesaid, in legal subdi-
visions as aforesaid, shall be, and they are here-
by, granted to said State for the purpose of erect-
ing a suitable building for a penitentiary or State
prison in the manner aforesaid.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, Thatseventy-
two other sections of land shall be set apart and
reserved fur the use and support of a Statu uni-
versity, to be selected in manner as aforesaid, and
to be appropriated and applied as the Legislature
of said State may prescribe for the pui pose named,
and for no other purpose.
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all salt
springs within suid State, not exceeding twelve in
number, with six sections of land adjoining, or as
contiguous as may be to each, shall be granted to
said State for its use, the said land to be selected
by the Governor thereof, within one year afier the
ftdrrusaion of the State, and when so selected to
be used or disposedof on such terms, conditions,
nod regulations as the Legislature shall direct:
Provided, That no salt spring or lands, the light
whereof is now vested in any individual or indi-
viduals, or which hereafter shall be confirmed or
adjudged to any individual or individuals, shall,
by this act, be granted to said State.
Sec. 12 Jlnd be it farther enacted, That five
per centum of the proceeds of the sales of all pub-
lic lands lying within said State, which have been
or shall be sold by the United States prior or sub-
sequent to the admission of said State into the
Union, after deducting all expenses incident to
the same, shall be paid to the said Slate for the
support of common schools
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the admission of the said Stat© of Ne-
braska into the Union in pursuance of this act,
the laws of the United States, not locally inap-
plicable, shall have the same force and effect
within the said State as elsewhere within the
United States; and said State shall constitute one
judicial'district, and be called the district of Ne-
braska.
Sec. 14. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any
unexpended balance of the appropriations for said
territorial legislative expenses of Nebraska re-
maining for the fiscal years eighteen hundred and
sixty-three and eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, shall be
applied to and used for defraying the expenses of
said convention and for the payment of the mem-
bers thereof, under the same rules, regulations,
and rates as are now provided by law for the pay-
ment of the Territorial Legislature.
Approved, April 19, 1864.
Chap. LX.—An Act in addition to an Act for
the establishment of certain Arsenals.
Whereas it is necessary that the Government
of the United States should at an early day, for
the purpose of the arsenal at Rock Island, in the
State of Illinois, provided for in the act passed
July eleventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
obtain the possession of and title to certain lanjls,
now the property of private persons, upon which
to locate the said arsenal, with the grounds and
buildings needful for and to make a part of the
same: Now, therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentativesofthe United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and empowered to take and
hold full, complete, and permanent possession in
behalf of the United States, of all the lands and
shores of the island of Rock Island, in the State
of Illinois, the same, when so possessed, to be
held and kept as a military reservation by the
War Department, upon wbi< h shall be built and
maintained, an arsenal for the construction, de-
posit, and repair of arms and munitions of war,
and such other military establishments as have
been or may beauthoiizcd by law to be placed
thereon in connection with such arsenal.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if it
shall appear upon examination by the Attorney
General of the United States of the titles of the
lands on Rock Island taken and occupied by the
Secretary of War for an arsenal and other mili-
tary purposes, as provided in the foregoing sec-
tion, that any part or parcels thereof are now the
property of, and are rightfully possessed by, any
individual or corporation as his or their own pri-
vate property, the value of such private property
so taken, and a just compensation for any dam-
ages caused by such taking, shall, if mutually
agreed on by the Secretary of War and the right-
ful owner or owners thereof and approved by the
President, be paid by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to said rightful owner or owners so agreeing,
out of the appropriations made or to be made for
the construction of said arsenal: Provided, That
before such payment shall be made, the said
owner or owners of such private lands so taken,
or such of them as shall agree, shall by good and
sufficient deed or deeds, in due form of law, and
approved by the Attorney General of the United
States, fully release and convey to the United
States all their and each of their several and re-
spective rights m and titles to such lands so taken.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That if the
Secretary o£ War shall not agree with any pri-
vate owner.or owners of lands so taken for the
use of the United States for military purposes, or
if any such owner or owners shall refuse to accept
the sum to be paid to him or them by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury as and for the true value
thereof, or shall from any other cause neglect or
fail, for the space of twelve months aftfir such
taking to execute and deliver the deed or deeds
thereof, needful in the opinion of the Attorney
General of the United States, to convey to the
United States the title of said lands taken, there
shall forthwith be selected three competent per-
sons, who shall he named and appointed by the
President, and shali by him be constituted a board
of commissioners, whose duty it shall be to hear
the parties interested, who may appear before
them upon reasonable notice of *time and place,
and ascertain the true value of the land taken, and
of the several parcels thereof that shall not have
been conveyed to or paid for by the United States
as hereinbefore provided, and the names and titles
of the claimants thereof, if more than one, and
their respective interests therein, and what com-
pensation for the taking of their lands is due to
each claimant; and the said board of commis- -
sioners shall report the same as early as practi-
cable after their appointment to the circuit court
of the United States within and for the district in
which such lands are situated; and in case of a
difference of opinion in the said board as to the
matters referred to them, the report of a major-
ity of the commissioners shall be held to be the
report of the board. And the compensation and
expenses of the said commissioners shall be fixed
and approved by the Secretary of War, and paid
by the Secretary of the Treasury upon his requisi-
tion.
Sec. 4. Jlndbe it farther enacted, That the said
circuit court, upon the return and examination of
the report of the said commissioners, shall, for the
parcels of land taken, as to which there appear to be
no conflictingclaimsforcompeftsation, by decree,
order the sums awarded by the commissioners in
said report, to be paid totheperson orpersonswho
shall,according to said report, be entitled thereto,
and who shall apply therefor, and who shall, by
writing filed in the said court, waive his or their
right to an appeal from the determination of the
said board of commissioners, and agree to accept
the said sum, m full satisfaction of his or their
claims for such lands taken by the United States:
Provided, That if the party entitled and apply-
ing as aforesaid, or filing a complaint as herein-
after provided, shall have an estate for life only
in said land, or any estate less than a fee simple,
or shall be a married woman, or a minor, or non
compos mentis, the court aforesaid shall, in its final
judgment or decree, make such order for the pay-
ment oft he said compensation to the party or for its
payment into court; and as to the investment of
the principal and disposal of the income, or inter-
est thereof, as shall be just and equitable, and
for the protection of the rights of those interested,
in accordance with the rules and practice of courts
of equity, in cases where a fund in court is to be
divided and administered.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any per-
son or persons aggrieved by the doings of the
aforesaid board of commissioners, in the estima-
tion of his or their damages, or in the refusal or
omission thereof, may at any time within twelve
montns from and after the return of said report
to the said circuit court, or within three years
after the land claim shall have been taken, make
application by complaint in writing to the said
court sitting as a court of equity, setting forth the
title which he or they may have or claim in said
lands taken, or in parcels thereof, and the griev-
ance complained of; and the said court after rea-
sonable notice to the district attorney of the
United States for that district, who shall appear
and act for and in behalf of the United States,
shall proceed and hear the parties, and their evi-
dence according to the course of proceedings in
equity, and shall deteimine what right or title, if
any, the complainant or complainants had in and to
the parcels of land taken, claimcd by him or them,
and shall ascertain, and by decree fix the sum or
sums of money to which as damages or justcom-
pensation for such taking the complainants, sever-
ally or jointly, if they apply jointly,are entitled:
Provided, That ifacomplainant in any case shall,
in writing or by motion, so request, the value of the
land taken or his interest therein shali be assessed
or determined by a jury upon the law side of the
court, upon issues properly framed, under the
direction or allowance ofthccourtsitting in equity.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That, if the
Attorney of the United States shall so request,
the court may, before ordering issues to be framed
for a jury, as provided in the foregoing section,
require the complainants applying therefor to un-
dertake and to give security satisfactory to the
court therefor, that they will pay the costs of
court to he taxed by the court, if the verdict of
such jury shall not be in favor of such complain-
ants, and for a sum larger than that allowed by
the board of commissioners in their report; and
