156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 26,
38th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
aries as the Secretary of the Treasury may desig-
nate, under general regulations proposed by the
Director-of the Mint and approved by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; and the expenses incident
to such exchange, distribution, and transmission,
may be paid out of the profits of said coinage";
and the net profits of said coinage, ascertained in
like manner as is prescribed in the second section
of the act to which this is a supplement, shall be
transferred to the Treasury of the United States.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any
person or persons shall make, issue, or pass, or
cause'to be made, issued, or passed, any coin,
card, token, or device whatsoever, in metal or its
compounds, intended to pass or be passed as
money for a one-cent piece or a two-cent piece,
such pe 6on or persons shall bo deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction thereof,
be punished by a fine not exceeding one thousand
dollars, and by imprisonment for a term not ex-
ceeding five years.
Approved, April 22, 1864.
Chap. LXYH.—An Act for a Charter of Masonic
Hall Association,in Washington City, District
of Columbia.
He it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That B. B. French, of the Grand En-
campmentof the United States of America; Rob-
bert McMurdy, of the General Grand Royal
Arch Chapter of the United States; George C.
Whiting, of the Grand Consislory; E. L. Stevens,
of Osiris Lodge of Perfection, No. 1; Z. D. Gil-
man, of Washington Commandery, No. 1; W.
P. Partello, of Coltftnbia Commandery; W. M.
Smith, of Columbia Royal Arch Chapter, No. 15;
W. G. Park'hurst, of Washington Royal Arch
Chapter,No. 16; James Steelle, of Mount Vernon
Royal Arch Chapter, No. 20; O.F. Stansbury, of
the Grand Lodge of the District of Columbia; Jo-
seph Nairn, of Federal Lodge, No. 1; N. Acker,
of Lebanon Lodge, No. 7; E. Kloman, of Now
Jerusalem Lodge, No. 9; J. M. Tor ton, of lliram
Lodge, No. 10; T. J. Fisher, of Saint John's
Lodge, No. 11; L. Gassenheimer, of National
Lodge, No. 12; J. Van Riswiclc, of Washington
Centennial Lodge, No. 14; J. C. McGuire, ofB.
B. French Lodge, No. 15; F. L. Harvey, of Daw-
son Lodge, No. 16; J. W. D. Gray,of Harmony
Lodge, No. 17; J. M. Hanson, of Acacia Lodge,
No. 18; N. D. Larner, of Lafayette Lodge, No.
19, of the Order of Free and Accepted Masons, of
the District of Columbia, and their successors to
be appointed in the manner hereinafter declared,
representing the several masonic bodies before
named, be, and they are hereby, incorporated and
made a body-politic and corporate, by the name
of the Masonic Hall Association of the District of
Columbia,and by that name may sue and be sued,
plead and be impleaded, in any court of law or
equity, of competent jurisdiction, and may have
and use a common seal, and the same change at
pleasure, and bo entitled to use and exercise all
the powers, rights, and privileges incident to such
corporation.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said
corporation shall be capable of takingand holding
real and personal estate, which estate, personal
and real, shall never be divided among the mem-
bers of the said corporation, but shall'descend to
their .successors, duly elected and appointed in the
manner hereinafter declared by the bodies they
represent, for the promotion of the principles of
the said corporation,and the benevolent purposes
of the Order of Free and Accepted Masons, which
they represent: Provided, That said corporation
shall take and hold no more land than is necessary
for a site on which to crcct a masonic liaji, suit-
able and convenient for the transaction of the busi-
ness of the association and the promotion of the
principles and purposes aforesaid. But this pro-
vision shall not prevent the said corporation from
constructing suitable rooms and offices in connec-
tion with the said hall, to rent, and renting the
same, and receiving rent therefor, to be applied to
the promotion of the principles and purposes
aforesaid.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the cap-
ital stock of said corporation shall not exceed the
sum of three hundred thousand dollars, and that
the stock shall be divided into shares of twenty
dollars each; and shall be deemed personal prop-
erty, transferable in such manner as the consti-
tution and by-laws of said corporation may direct.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That within
twenty days after the passage of this act the cor-
porators named in the first section, or a majority
of them, or if any refuse or neglect to act, then a
majority of the remainder, shall cause books of
subscription to the capital stock of the said cor-
poration to be opened and kept open in such place
and for a period to be fixed by said corporators,
or a majority of them, public notice of which may
be given' by advertisement or otherwise as said
corporators or a majority of them may determine;
and subscribers upon said books to the capital
stock of the corporation shall beheld to be stock-
holders: Provided, That every subscriber shall
pay, at the time of subscribing, such per centum
of the amount by him subscribed to the treasurer
elected or appointed by the corporators, or a ma-
jority of themes may be required by said corpo-
rators or a majority of them, or his subscription
shall be null and void. And when the books of
subscription to the capital stock of said corpora-
tion shall be closed, the corporators named in the
first section, or a majority of them, and in case
any of them refuse or neglectto act, then a major-
ity of the remainder, shall, within twenty days
thereafter, call the first meeting of the stockholders
of said corporation, to meet within ten days there-
after, for the choice of directors, of which public
notice shall be given for three days in two public
newspapers published daily in Washington city,
or by written personal notice served on each
stockholder, by the secretary or clerk of the cor-
poration. And in all meetings of the stockholders
each share shall entitle the holder to one vote, to
be given in person or by proxy.
Sf.c. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the gov-
ernment and direction of the affairs of the corpo-
rators shall be invested in a board of directors,
five in number, elected by the stockholders on the
first Monday of December in each year from
among the corporators named in the first section
of this act, and their successors, elected or ap-
pointed in the manner hereinafter declared by the
masonic bodies they represent, who shall hold
their office for one year and until others are duly
elccted and qualified to take their places as direct-
ors; and the said directors shall elect one of their
number to be president of the board, who shall
also be president of the corporation, and shall
elect a secretary from among their own number,
or from the corporators aforesaid, who shall also
bo secretary of the corporation, and they shall also
choose a treasurer, who shall give bonds with
surety to said corporation, in such sumas thesaid
directors may require, for the faithful discharge
of his trust. A majority of the directors shall
form a quorum for the transaction of business, and
m case of a vacancy in the. board of directors by
the death, resignation, or otherwise, of any direct-
or, the vacancy occasioned thereby shall be filled
by the remaining directors from among the cor-
porators named m the first section of this act, or
their successors duly elected or appointed in the
manner hereinafter declared by the masonic bodies
they represent.
Sec. C. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the di-
rectors shall have full power to make and pre-
scribe such by-laws, rules, and regulations as they
shall deem needful and proper for the disposition
and management of the stock, property, estate,
and eifects of the corporation, not contrary to the
charter or to the laws of the United States and
the ordinances of Washington city, and shall
have power to alter or amend the same as the in-
terests of the corporation, in their opinion, may
require. And the said directors shall have power
to regulate the payment of interest upon the cer-
tificates of stock held by the stockholders, or to
the dividends that may accrue, and shall have
power to provide for the redemption of the stock
held by individuals, upon fair and equitable terms.
Sec. 7. Jlndbe it further enacted, That each ma-
sonic body or organization, named in the first sec-
tion of this act, shall be entitled, during the month
of November, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
and annually thereafter, to meet and select, by
ballot, one of its members as a successor to the
person then, or last, representing it as member of
this corporation, whose annual term expires next
thereafter, or which may have expired next be-
fore that time, so that said corporation shall for-
ever consist of one corporator from each of the
said masonic bodies, named in the first section of
this act: Provided, however, That should any of
the said several masonic bodies, named in the
first section of this act, surrender or forfeit its
masonic charter or warrant, or from any cause
cease to be recognized by the Order of Free and
Accepted Masons, it shall not thereafter be enti-
tled to any representation in said corporation, nor
shall the continued corporate existence and rights
of this assocftition be in anywise affected thereby,
so long as there remain five corporators qualified
to act as such.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any ma-
sonic lodge, chapter, council, commandery, or
consistory now in existence or that may hereafter
be instituted in the District of Columbia, may,
by and with the consent of two thirds of the cor-
porators named in the first section, or their suc-
cessors, be admitted to a representation in said
corporation upon an equal footing with the sev-
eral masonic bodies named in the first section of
this act.
Sic. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That this act
may be altered, amended, or repealed, at the pleas-
ureof the Congress of theUnited StatesAmer-
ica.
Approved, April 26, 1864.
Chap. LXVIII.—An Act to authorize the Issuing
of a Register to the Steam Vessel John Mar-
tin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to issue a register to
the steam vessel John Martin.
Approved, April 26, 1864.
Chap. LXIX.—An Act fixing certain Rules and
Regulations for Preventing Collisions on the
Water.
Ba.it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from Und after September one,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, the following
rules and regulations for preventing collisions on
the water be adopted in the Navy and the mer-
cantile marine of the United States: Provided,
That the exhibition of any light, on board of a
vessel-of-war of the United States may be sus-
pended whenever, ill the opinion of the Secretary
of the Navy, the commander-in-chief of a squad-
ron, or the commander of a vessel acting singly,
the special character of the service may lequire it.
regulations for preventing collisions on the
water.
Contents.
Article 1. Preliminary.
Rules concerning lights:
" 2. Lights to be carried as follows:
" 3. Lights for steamships.
" 4. Lights for steam-tugs.
" 5. Lights for sailing ships.
" G. Exceptional lights for small sail-
ing vessels.
" 7. Lights for ships at anchor.
" 8. Lights for pilot vessels.
" 1). Lightsforfishingvesselsandboats.,
Rules concerning fog signals:
" 10. Fog signals.
Steering and sailing rules:
" 11. Two sailing ships meeting.
" 12. Two sailing ships crossing.
" 13. Two ships under steam meeting.
" 14. Two ships under steam ci ossing.
" 15. Sailing ship and ship under Rtenm.
" 16. Ships" under steam to shachen
[slacken] speed.
" 17. Vessels overtaking other vessels.
" 18. Construction of articles 12,14,15,
and 17.
" 19. Proviso to save special cases.
« 20. No ship under any circumstances
to neglect proper precautions.
