1864.
THE COXGEESSIGML ' GliOBI.
1785
Mr. MORRILL. I think that is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 move to amend the sec-
tion by striking out the word " assessor" in the
twenty-third line and substituting in lieu thereof
the word "collector." The amendment which
I just now proposed was rejected by the commit-
tee, and I wish now to call the attention of the
Committee of "Ways and Means to the peculiar
character which this soction will have if we pass
it in the shape in which it now stands. This sec-
tion,as reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, was drawn with the intention of trans-
ferring all these powers from the collector to the
assessors. Now, then, by the amendments which
have been made upon the motion of the gentle-
man from Vermont, there appears to me a great
incongruity in the bill; and there will appear to
be others as this section is investigated and sub-
jected to the test of criticism and judicial examina-
tion. But the one which appears to me on the mo-
ment, and to which 1 wish to call attention, is that
it is provided here that a bond shall be given to
the collector by the distiller conditioned that he
shall do curtain things,and that the doing or not
doing these things are facts which are to be known
to the assessor only, and which the collector
shall have no official knowledge of as to whether
they are done or not.
Now what I say is, we should either go back
f.o the draft of the section as reported by the com-
mittee and put this whole matterupon the collect-
ors, so that they shall receive bonds, be the re-
sponsible officers of the Government, superintend
these distillers, and know whether the obliga-
tions they assume to the Government arc complied
with or not; or else we should put the whole re-
sponsibility upon the assessors, making them
responsible to the Government under bond as to
whether these duties of the distillers are pcr-
formed or not. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 object to the withdrawal
of the amendment. I merely wish to call the at-
tention of the committee to the proposition which
the gentleman makes, which is to insert the woid
"collector" in the place of "assessor."
Mr. J301TTWELL. I wish the committee to
understand that 1 moved the amendment in order
to got my general views before the committee be-
fore we passed the section.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman will pardon
me, but he proposed to show what difficulties will
arise unless this provision should be changed,
and the only point he seized upon to illustrate
his views is this part of the section contained in
line twenty-three. What does it provide? Why,
that—
^aklbuok shall be opon at all times during tliedsiy (Sun-
days e\-er>pte<i) fa the inspection of the said ussoftor,
nnt at-ses-s-oi, collector, deputy eolleetoi, or inspector, who
may make any memorandums oi transcripts uierefrom.
Now, sir, there can be no objection to the col-
lectors and assessors making these examinations
—all of them. Why confine it to the collectors ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 thought I had made my- I
self understood. The incongruity to which 1 de- i
Hire to call the attention of the Committee of the
Whole arises from the peculiar phraseology that
is found in the forty-ninth section, on page 53. I
availed myself of this opportunity to move this
amendment, as 1 saw that the committee was pass-
ing fiom that section, in order that I might call
the attention of the committee to that incongruity.
I did not mean to be understood as having any
opinion upon the particular phrase to which my
amendment is offered. I now withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to amend the fifty-first section by adding the fol-
lowing, to come m at the end of the twenty-fourth
line:
Provider! further„ That all spirits on hand at the time of
the passage ot this act. or at the several times prescribed
for the. increase of tiie duties aforewud, shall be subject
to the rates of duties a* piovided for m this act from and
after the baid penods ies pectively, except that bpints which
vdiall have been alieady laved under the act approved on
the Lst day of Juiy. A. D. ]£6*3, or under and in pursuance
of the provisions of this net, shall not be &nlij<,ct to more
th;m the additional or inciea^yd lux «U, the said m vcral
periods.
Mr. Chairman, I do not propose to discuss thia
amendment at length. It is a subject which has
been fully discussed in the committee—the pre-
cise subject which wasdiscussed when the former1
interna! revenue act was before the House. !
desire merely to have a vote in the'committee
upon the subject and not to tajke  p the time of
the committee in the discussion of it.
The amendment merely proposes to carry out
the principles of the existing lnw. ' It is known
to the committee and to the country that iti the
law which is now upon the statute-hook* we have
imposed a tax upon all foreign liquors on hand,
ana the owners of those foreign liquors on hand
are paying that tax into the Treasury. Til ere is
a discrimination between those liquors and the
liquors which it is proposed by this amendment
to tax. I think that disciimination is unjust. 1
think that this tax is right and proper, and that
it is a tax which our constituents demand that we
shall impose.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I had hoped
that this "root of bitterness" would not again
be planted to distract this House and the coun-
try. We know that it was pertinaciously ad-
hered to before. It cost us some three weeks of
discussion in this House and the other; and lost
us, according to my estimate, some four million
dollars of revenue which we should have derived
if we had passed tho bill in the shape in which it
came back from the Senate. It looks to me
now as if this was more a contest for victory than
for the good of the country. 1 cannot help think-
ing that that is so. I supposed that the question
was settled up to the lst of July. It was settled
by this House tlmt up to the lst of July there
should be no tax on spiritsexcept sixty cents on
that produced after the passage of tho bill. It is
true that there was an incongruity on the part of
the House in that vote; and that was the laying
of a tax upon the foreign article. But when the
Senate finally, in order to defeat what they con-
sidered a want of principle in us, and what 1 so
considered, receded, a bill was immediately in-
troduced to repeal the law, so far as it respected
foreign liquors. Thatbill, I have no doubt, will
pass and become a law. In the mean time, I un-
derstand that the Secretary of the Treasury has
expressly directed that that tax shall not be col-
lected; and 1 suppose it will not be collected until
that question is settled.
I hope, therefore, that, considering the enor-
mous tax which we are now putting upon this
article, this crusade will be discontinued, and that
our friends here will go on and pass a bill which
can be passed through both Houses immediately,
and which can be enforced. I trust that we shall
not expend the whole session, up to the 1st of
July, in attempting to force upon the country
what has been already rejected, for the result will
be that the bill will linger between the two
Houses during the whole session of Congress,
and at last tho struggle will probably result m the
way it did before.
Mr. WASHBUR.NE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out all after the
word "further." 1 do it, not for the purpose of
going into any discussion, but merely to reply in
a few words to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
1 wish to assure that gentleman that it is from no
wish of victory that 1 introduce this amendment,
because the gentleman recollects very well that
when a similar amendment was last before the
House I gave him notice and the country notice
that when the Committee of Ways and-Means
brought in their next tax bill I should move this
amendment to it.
Row, sir, I wish to call the attention of the
committee to one fact. We are here, under the
Constitution, engaged in legislation upon one of
the most important subjects before us. The Con-
stitution has given to the Representatives of the
people tho peculiar privilege of originating these
tax bills. Bat the gentleman from Pennsylvania
now tells us that we are by this amendment in-
troducing a matter here which will take up a great
deal of time.
Sir, I do not propose to do that. I merelypre-
pose that we shall pass upon the question; that
the Representatives of the people may show to
their constituents how they stand upon this great
question of taxing the whisky on hand.
The gentleman says we losl $4.000,0(10 by the
j delay in ouraetion, eaused-by tin* introduction uf
this amendment upon oui othei lull. Sir, I tell the
gentleman and 1 toll the country that $30,000,000
was lost to the Treasury ef tM-eountry by our
failing to adopt the amendpient then submitted'
by the gentleman from 'Kew York, fMr. Ftu-
nawbo wood.]
But the question now is whether, when hfjve
the power in ourown hamds to irti$dse a tax upon
the whisky'on hand, white fortunes have been
made by these whisky speculators, in conse-
quence of ottrfttilure to impose this tax, that are
absolutely enormous, we shall still impose this
fox ? " '
The gentleman tells M what the action of the
House has been upon this question. I know
very well that upon onevote, by a bare majority,
the House concurred in the amendment of the
Senate striking out the tax; but upon subsequent
votes, as upon previous ones, the House reversed
that vote by a very heavy majority. And even
upon the eanae day, when the House had reached
the latter part of th'e biH in which the Senate had
stricken out the House provision imposing an
additional tax upon foreign liquors, the House
refused to concur in the Senate amendment, and
thijt stands to-day as adopted by the House.
The Housfc yielded at last to the clamor raised in
the House and in the Senate, that to tax the liquors
on hand would be giving up a great principle,so
farastosubmitaitlasttotlrestrikingoutof the tax
upon domestic liquors, bift when they came to
the tax upon the foreign liquors onhand the prin-
ciple was surrendered up, and we now stand bo-
fore the country in the position of having per-
mitted this great interest, on which I believe a
revenue of twenty or thirty million dollars could
have been raised, go " scot free," while the whole
principle,if there be any,has been yielded upby
imposing A corresponding tax upon imported
liquors. That is the whole question,and I think
the country will understand it. I know of no
question whieh has been more fully canvassed by
our constituents tlmn this question of taxing the
liquors on hand, and I believe that it is their sen-
timent that this interest which can above all other
interests bear taxation ought to be heavily taxed.
Mr. Chairman, I yield to my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Steven's} that his course is in ac-
cordance with his honest convictions,and 1 have
no doubt that he is willing to yield the same td
me.
Mr. STEVENS. I will do the gentleman from
Illinois the justice to say that he did give us no-
lice, something, I believe, like that given by the
Carthaginians, that he would himself, and alibis
posterity after him perhaps, (I do not know that
lie went quite that &r,) fight this question to the
day ofjutlgment.
I remember, alsoj the gentleman did afterwards
introduce a resolution into this House'instructing
the Committee of Ways and Means to bring in
just such a bill for taxing the stock on hand, but
when the vote was taken upon his resolution by
yeas and nays, it was voted down by a consider-
able majority, thus instructing the Committee of
Ways fend Means in the other direction. _
Now, sir, I did not intend to resurrect this ques-
tion again. I believe the proposition is a viola-
tion of the plighted faith of the nation. 1 know
that other gentlemen think differently, and they
are of course honest in so* thinking; but it is per-
fectly apparent that in a body like the Senate,
with an overwhelming majority against it, they
will never recede from their position, that they
will not assent to a proposition which they believe
to be a violation of the plighted faith of the na-
tion.
The gentleman from Illinois says that while f
was of the opinion that $4,000,000 had been lost
to the Government in consequence of the intro-
duction of the amendment of the gentleman from
Now Yoik, he believes that $30,000,000 was lost
by adopting the Senate amendment. Now, sir,
§4,000,000 was all I could estimate it was practi-
cable to collect from the stockoti hand. I have no
doubt the gentleman believes it would produce
$30,000,000, but I do not brieve any other man
on earth believes it. My'colleague [Mr. Moor-
head] says he believes the same thing. Well,
sir, 1 did not believe there was any other socredu-
! lous a person. Shall we again obstruct the pub-
II lie business for the remaining portion oftheses-
i! sion for the purpose-of attempting a thing that
| we cannot perform?
I Mr. WASH'BURN'E, of Illinois, by unani-
l! mous consent, wtthdfev feis amendment.
