1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2761
tax State banks, I think it ought to be the same
tax throughout. In some of the States, Indiana
among others, the security is so ample, because
of the mutual responsibility of the branch im-
posed by the Legislature in chartering the State
banks, that the banks may with safety to the
bill-holders issue more than the amount of their
capital stock. The State Rank of Indiana has
proved to be a very safe bank through a period
of thirty years. It has proved to be a very safe
bank up to this time. It has furnished a great
deal of currency, beyond 90 per cent, of its capi-
tal, with which the people were well content.
Their issues do not now exceed 90 per cent, as I
understand; but still as the State in the charter
has said that they might issue more than that, I
do not think Congress ought to tax a privilege
which the State lias given to a bank more than
the other issues of State batiks, and of the na-
tional banks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee regarded
this provision as absolutely essential to prevent
an improper inflation of the currency. It is only
a tax on the excess of circulation over 90 per cent,
oftheircapital. The national banks are expressly
confined to a circulation equal to 90 per cent, of
their capital. We do not undertake to prevent
the issue of any amount over that by the State
banks, but we provide that if they do they shall
pay this tax; so that it will be giving a great ad-
vantage to the Slate banks over the national hanks
if we do not put this tax on their circulation over
90 per cent. I will say to the Senator also, that
while there may be some good banks in the coun-
try, there are apt to be some very poor ones, and
it will not do to omit a provision useful in itself
because it may affect some who will not abuse the
privilege. I hope the Senate will adhere to its ac-
tion on this subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question. It is on concurring in the
Senate in the'amendment made as in committee.
The committee inserted a proviso to this section,
and the question now is whether the Senate will
concur m the amendment made in committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 will ask for the yeas
and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those who are for re-
taining the provision will vote " yea," and those
who wish to strike it out will vote " nay."
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
on page 164, section one hundred and nine, line
eighty-two, after the word " liquidation" to in-
sert the following proviso:
Provided, a/so, That nil banks, associations, corpora-
tions, or individuals, issuing notes or bills for circulation
as cunency, thall be liable to and pay the further duty of
one fouith of one per cent. In each month upon the aver-
age amount of such eurieney issued beyond the amount
of 90 per cent, of its capital. In the case of bank* with
branches, the duty heiem piovided for shall be imposed
upon the circulation of each branch, severally, and the
amount of capital of eachbiauch shall be considered to be
the amount allotted to oi used by such bianeh. And the
additional duty herein provided "for shall be collected and
paid at the tunc and in the manner hereinbefore specified.
And >o much of an act entitled "An act to piovide ways
and mean's for the support of the Government,'1 approved
March 3,1863, as impost's any tax oj'i banks, their encula-
tion, capital, or deposits, other than is herein provided, i*
.hereby repealed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler,Clark, Con-
ness, Cowan, Doolittle,Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Harlan,
Harris, Johnson, Morgan, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman,
Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, Willey, and
Wilson—'23.
NAYS—Messrs. Carli!e,Collamcr, Davis, Foot, Hender-
son, flendricks, McDougall, Powell, and Ten Eyck—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Guckalew, Dixon, Hale, Harding,
Hicks Howard, Ilowe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Mori ill, Nesmith, Uichaidson, Riddle, Baulsbury, Sprague,
Wade, and Wright—17.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to test the sense of
the Senate upon the subject of the tax on manu-
factures, without occupying any time upon itf
because it has already been sufficiently debated.
I will therefore move to strike out the word" five"
in line four hundred and two, page 143, and to
insert" ten." If this amendment should be made,
I wilt then follow it up with the corresponding
changes that will be necessary in this section of
the hill. If the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
"Wilson] wishes a vote on a tax of 7 per cent,
in the first instance I have no objection to a vote
being taken on that. The clause, if amended as
I propose, will read thus:
On cloth and all textile or knitted or felted fabrics of cot-
ton, wool, or other materials, before the same has been
dyed, printed, or bleached, and on all cloth painted, enam-
eled, shirred, tarred, varnished, or oiled, a duty ot 10 per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out" ten" and inserting "seven."
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that perhaps it
would be better to allow the vote to be taken on
inserting " ten" first, and then, if that should not
be agreed to, on inserting " seven."
Mr. WILSON. I would rather vote on the
" seven " first.
Mr. CONNESS. The vote will be taken on
inserting the largest number first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio withdraw his amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. If the word "seven" is in-
serted 1 understand I cannot move to strike it out.
I shall therefore insist on my amendment to in-
sert "ten."
Mr. FOOT. I will suggestthat,asit is proposed
to insert different grades of taxation, the proper
motion would be in the first place to move to strike
out the word "five." If that is carried, it leaves
it a blank, and then Senators can move to insert
seven, eight, or ten, and the question will be taken
in order, beginning with the highest.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will follow the suggestion
of the Senator from Vermont. I simply wish to
get the sense of the Senate on the tax on manu-
factures, and I will therefore move to strike out
the word "five."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say simply this:
the rate of duty on manufactures was fixed on
great consideration by the Committee of Ways
and Means, and adopted by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and I think the Committee on Finance
on the part of the Senate on the same considera-
tion concluded that that was as high as the duty
ought to be put upon these articles at present. I
believe there is a great deal of unnecessary fright
about what this bill will raise. I believe, more-
over, that there is a limit to the capacity of man-
ufactures, taken as a whole, to bear a tax. It is
very different here fiom what it is in England.
The great bulk of the manufactories there aie
owned by large companies, composed of men of
great wealth. It is so in part to some extent in
this country, but that by no means includes all
manufactures. A great many of them have a
hard struggle to get along, and they have not that
superabundance of capital which is necessary in
order to meet all contingencies.
Senators will recollect this duty is to be paid
at once on the sales. The sales are necessarily
made on credit of six months, or four months,
and three months. Three or four months is the
ordinary rate. It requires, therefore, a large
amount of money to make the payments in ad-
vance, and to await the returns of the sales; and
only those possessing a large capital and having
great facilities for raising money can meet them.
If we attempt to put on such very heavy duties,
in my judgment the result will be to put a great
deal of money in the hands of rich companies
having large stocks on hand, and who can stand
the tax very well, while theie will be other com-
panies which are not able to keep those stocks,
and which have not that power; and I am afraid
the effect will be very disastious upon them.
We cannot possibly do all these things at once.
I think the mistake which my friend from Ohio
makes is in supposing that all we have to do in
relation to these things is to consider how much
money we can get out of a given tax provided it
is all paid; that it makes no difference in reality
whether the tax is 5, 10, 15, 20, or even 50 per
cent. I believe he thinks we can get a tax of 50
per cent, from manufactures without difficulty,
because people will pay it. The result of all
these things is to embarrass business to a very
great extent. You must deptnd on the manu-
factures of the country for a very large and im-
portant part of your revenue, and depending upon
them for a very large and important part of your
revenue, the tax must be so laid as to enable
them to pay it.
While in New England—and I suppose my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] will
bear me out in saying that—there are sonie large
and wealthy manufacturing companies, there are
many smaller ones that are coming ;into exist-
ence and have a hard time to live, not so much
perhaps manufacturersof cotton or manufacturers
of wool, which aie notso extensive, butthere*ar6
very many small manufacturing establishments
growing up in different sections of the country.
The revenue you will get from one large estab-
lishment is larger perhaps than from two smaller
ones, but the great mass of small manufacturing
establishments after all pay the most revenue. It
is the policy of the country to sustain them, and
not to break them down in your effort to get more
revenue out of the matter than you can well get,
by simply considering, as we are too apt to do,
some very large and rich companies, which per-
haps could meet it and would be very glad to meet
it, for the very great advantages they would de-
rive from it over their rivals who are less able
than themselves, and who are springing up all
around them. I do not believe it would be for
the advantage of the revenue.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not vote for a tax of 10
per ccnt. on manufactures, which I know is a
pretty heavy tax, with any view to discriminate
against manufactures, because I know this tax will
be added to the price of the article, and will be paid
by the consumer, poor and rich alike. But, in my
judgment, the amount of revenue that'will be
yielded by this bill is not sufficient during a time of
war. The Comptroller of the Currency estimates
the amount at $250,000,000. I think the Senate
have added to it considerably, especially in the
liquor tax. But the aggregate during the next ye:;r
will not exceed $250,000,000, which, m my judg-
ment, is inadequate to sustain the present expendi-
tures. The additional 5 per cent, on all manufac-
tures will yield some fifty or sixty million dol-
lars. It will be a tax as equally distributed as any
we can assess. It will be from comparatively few-
persons; because, although it will reach to almost
every article of wear and consumption, it will be-
collected from the manufacturers, many of whom
will pay a largely increased tax, and therefore it
will be a cheaper tax to collect than one collected
from a great number of individuals.
The argument on this subject is perfectly ap-
parent to every one. It is only a question as to
the rate of taxation. I have no doubt of the ca-
pacity of our people to pay a tax of 50 per cent,
on manufactures if it should be neccssary. It
would add 50 per cent., or 60 per cent, proba-
bly, to the cost of all manufactured articles; but
I believe an assessment of this kind is an easier
form of taxation than any other that could be pro-
posed. As I said in discussing this matterafew
days ago, when the framers of the Constitution
were first exercising their exclusive power of lay-
ing duties on imports, they hesitated on the rates
of duty as between 3, 5, and 10 per cent. The
first tariff law levied duties of 5, 10, and 12| per
cent. They looked upon this tax on internal
manufactures very much in the same light as we
do now, and they hesitated between a tax of 3 and
5 per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A tax on imports is a
very different thing from a tax on manufactures.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot distinguish be-
tween them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The distinction is simply
this: in levying a tax on imports you do not call
upon the manufacturer to pay the tax on the sale
of the article; but it is paid on the importation,
and the importer adds the cost of importation to
the price at which he finally proposes to sell it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only difference is that
the tax in the one case is collected from the im-
porter, and in the other case it is collected from
the manufacturer. In either case the cost of the
duty is added to the cost of the goods in some
form or other. That is the only difference that
I know of. In the one case the manufacturer
pays the tax, and m the other the importer. Both
are more agents of the Government to collect the
tax and distribute it among the people. I can-
not, therefore, see any difference between an in-
ternal tax and a duty on imports. However, it
is }\ matter which any Senator can decide for
himself.
Mr. HENDRICKS. A few daysago I insisted
that the Senate should not impose a very high or
unreasonable lax upona western production. To
some extent my judgment on that question was
not agreed to by the Senate; but I do not intend
on this question to be governed by what I thought
