1780
THE ^ CONGilESSIOJNTAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Mi\ J. C* ALLEN. I move to etiike out the
last line.
Mr. WILSON. .Repot't;it.
The Clcrk. It is as follows: "periods."
[Laughter.]
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Lmove to strike out the
words "an additional or increased tax at said
several periods." *
Mr. Chairman, I-amopposedtothe amendment
of my colleague, and I do not propose to occupy
the time of the House further than to say that the
discussions we have already had on this subject
have, I think, satisfied the country and every
member of the House, except, my colleague and
a few other members. * By adopting this amend-
ment yuu a<jopt what no other nation has here-
tofore. adopted; If you apply it to the aiticleof
whisky by taxing the stock on hand you open
up every other article of manufacture, and we may
be here until January next without a tax bill to
raise revenue. If you tax whisky on hand you
must apply the same principle to coal ojI, and
then you will have to hear the gentleman from
Pennsylvania on the question. You will also have
to apply it to the iron interest, and every man who
represents an iron district will rise up in antag-
onism. You must apply it to every branch of
ivHinufactuics, and thus we shall come into con-
flict with ail of the New England States. You
will at once open up a question that will cause
great confusion and opposition to uny tax bill.
In this bill, you already tax whisky fourfold
its ordinary vafue. Wedonotobjectto that,but
we do object that to the manufacture of spirits
you shall apply a rule which has never been en-
forced by any nation on earth. It has not been
adopted jn any previous tax bill. If you apply
it to thi j interest you must apply it to every other
interest, and if you do notjeopardize the passage
of the bill you will at least delay action to a very
late day in the session, i stated my views in full
when the question was up before, and I do not
now piopose to ocoupy further the time of the
House.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I hope that the
amendment of tlm gentleman fiom Illinois [Mr.
VVashisuknlJ will be adopted. While I agiee
w mI) the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
ven's] and I he gentleman fiom Illinois that there
has been a great deal of discussion on this sub-
ject, yet I deny that the Ilousu has settled any
principle j  reference to Luxm? stock on hand.
It will be remembered when discussion occuried
on a former ievenue bill 
Mr. HUBHARD, of Iowa. Does the gentle-
man fiom New Yoilc intend to votcfor this amend*
uu-nt or against. 11, as he did before ? [Laughter.]
Mr. FERNAiN DO WOOD. The gentleman
will lind out m good time what I intend to do.
Mr. Chan man, while, I admit there lias been a
great deal of discuaston and excitement on this
question, while, there have been unseemly in-
lluences ami lobbying in both branches of Con-
gress in reference to taxing whisky on hand, I
deny that Congress has settled any principle.
Now, sir, in the bill to which the gentleman
lefers, my constituents are taxed foity cents per
gallon upon evciy gallon of imported liquors, al-
though the bquors may have been in the ware-
houses foi tea years. So far as any positive le-
gislation has settled the principle, it has been in
hivor of taxing foreign liquors on hand, if the
House refuses to apply the principle to domestic
liquors, I give notice that 1 shall move an amend-
ment to repeal that piovision of law which taxes
foreign liquois on hand.
This whole bill, sir, disciimmales against all
of the huge nnpoumg interests of the country.
While manufactures are taxed, while commercial
and banking interests are taxed, there is not a
smgle article of agriculture on which it is proposed
it> put the slightest tax. Under this bill the city
of New York will pay more revenue than ail of
the western States. According to the Constitu-
tion taxes must be equalised, and this, therefore,
is unfair and illegal. The city of New York has
juud three quartets of the revenue of the Govern-
m< nt sincc us foundation, and this piopowes still
fuitnei to ujacuminate against the impoiting mcr-
enunts.
Therefore I want all alike. I want the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois adopted, as I
want domestic liquors to stand upon precisely the
same footing with foreign liquors. The principle
is just, right, correct, politic, and wise, and I
hope it will be adopted.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN, by unanimous consent,
withdrew the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out all after the first word
of the amendment. I was opposed to this prop-
osition of retaxation when the question was up
before, and steadily voted againstit, believing that
there was no reason why whisky should be re-
taxed any more than cotton or any other com-
modity except that it was whisky, and 1 did not
consider that that was a sufficient reason for de-
parting from what I believed to be a true princi-
ple. But what 1 particularly desire is to set ©if
Illinois against Illinois, and therefote E ask the
Clerk to read, as a partof my speech, the views
of the lamented Lovejoy when this matter was
under consideration before.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Mr. Speaker, I desire to express the hope that tile
amendment to the Internal icveiiue bill taxing liquois will
not l e allowed to remain I trust the House will concur
m the Senate amendments. The moie I reflect upon the
subject, and the moiel become acquainted with the facts,
tiic moie i am convinced that this retroactive tax is unjust,
impolitic, anddestnieme of the ends winch ltappaiently
is intended to secure. Itwili require a number of tax-gath-
erers equal to the frogs winch invaded tlie chambeis and
kneading*troughs of the Eszj ptinns. You will have to visit
the eio« -toadfc to find the ietailers and gauge then half-sold
barrel of whisky, and extoi t, it may be, a tew dollars, and
lecetve multiplied exeeiation* giatis.
"The highest amount anticipated from thisptocess is,I
believe, $5,000,000. Tlie city of Peoria alone, if you allow
the distillcis to go on under the law a  amended in the
Sennte, will give yon ,§7,000,000, and my whole distiict
$9,000 000. This iaige amount, double, and m the estima-
tion of good judges more than thiee times the amount which
you ran get tiom relaxing the amount on band, will be vir-
tually lo*.t to the Government, for the distilleis cannot for
any long time entry on their inamilacturos under this ca-
ptieious and ever-changing legislation. If this new i.ix is
sprung upon them now they will anticipate a similar pro-
cess at the next session of Congie&s; they will thercloie
be afraid to buy the raw in.Ueti.il when its pioduct is sub-
ject to tins letioaetivo legislation. YVhatwouklyou think
: of the farmer who having diawn a full and foaming pail of
; milk fiom his cow should look covetously upon it as he
lakes it to the milk house and deU'imine to letum imme-
diately and obtain another? The kindest anim.d would
get lotive and kick under Mich an exhaustive pioeess. if
he will only wait until Highland let Ins cow have grass and
Wdtoi and time he can get lu« bucKet lcfilied. So, if the
Government will denl tanly andju^tiy with these distillers,
it will get a Iaige levenue, p;ud in piomptly and elieeifully,
but if it attempt^ this exhaustive process of tenevved and
double taxation it will leeeive plenty of kicks and but a
scanty levenue. I state thi> as my honest, candid convic-
tion, and f entient the IJou^e to review its action and con-
cui in the amendments of the Senate.
u As to the policy of tlie mea^uie \ will not dwell upon
that, hut satisfy tnysell with saving that it appears to me to
he one of the most impolitic things that could possibly be
done; that if it could ho carried into execution—which I
believe to be lmpo-^ible—it would In; one of the most odi-
ous measures that could possibly be adopted. I have no
doubt that was the purpose of the movei. Hi* the wily
Gieek bringing the wooden hoi ;u into Troy. ' Ttmeo I)u-
/ia<"K el dona jcrcnte
" The wise man has snid, ' in vain is the snare set in the
fight ot any bud.' I hope the House will not be unwise
enough to step into a tiap that leajly has no concealment.
I trust the House will toigne ihe seeming egotism ot these
loniai ks. I do not dmruxt us wisdom or Us p.ituotbm, but
representing a district «o largely interested m this subject,
I beg the indulgence of submitting these few words to be
placed on tecoul, for they aie in accordance with my very
clem and honest convictions."
Mr. MORIULL. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the committee rise in older to close
the debate on the pending section; but before doing
so { desire to say a few words.
From the impassioned tone of the gentleman
fiom Illinois [Mr. Wasubukne] one would sup-
pose that he had been investing in whisky straight,
hut such is not the fact, I am happy to statu.
[Laughter.J I believe when the gentleman was
a candidate for tlie Speakership he did not offer
any such thing.
Air. WASMBURNE, of Illinois. Hence I
lost. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. I am not disposed to get into
any passion upon tins section. I desire that the
House shall consider it propeily and candidly. I
think it a mischievous proposition,and I think it
was originally introduced for the purpose of caus-
ing mischief, and I hope this House will notadopt
it. I regard it as very certain that it cannot pass
the Senate, and if we .spend any amount of time ,
upon it we shall only delay action upon this bill. |
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Did I un- |
demand the gentleman to say that this amend- !
ment was introduced for the purpose of produ- !
cing mischief? 1
Mr. MORRILL. Originally; not now. I did :
not intend any reflection upon the gentleman from
Illinois.
It is very important that we should pass this
bill speedily in order that it may take effect be-
fore the 1st of May, with a view to have it oper-
ate upon tlie income tax. If the principle pro-
posed to be adopted here shall succeed, why
should we not apply the same principle to books?
We have never levied any tax whatever upon
books previous to this time. Or why not apply
it to all goods or property on hand?
Now, there is a certain sort of symmetry in the
bill as itstands. We propose merely to tax those
who manufacture for the purpose of suleand con-
sumption hereafter. We do not propose to tax
properly on hand m every direction. I have re-
ceived letteis from various portions of the coun-
try, asking that a tax be placed upon horses and
upon other personal property on hand. And if
we tax these liquors on hand it is a fair question
to ask, why not other property?
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman yield to
me ?
Mr. MORRILL. I willsurrender the remain-
der of my time to the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. KASSON. I want to call the attention of
my friend from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] to the
fact that his amendment is- inconsistent with the
theory of the bill. It provides that the tax on
the stock on hand shall advance at successive
periods, as other taxes advance. The effect of
this will be that we hold out no inducement to
the producers of spirits, in presence of an accu-
mulated stock, to continue the production of the
article during the summer and fall as we would
do upon the theory of our bill; because" if they
manufacture in advance of the market demand
they will have to pay just as high a duty in the
total, at successive periods, as if they did not
manufacture in advance of the wants of the
market. There would be a loss of interest, and
no gain in tax. The effect would plainly be to
suspend the distilleries for some months. I ask
him, therefore, before his amendment is put to a
vote that some modification should be made so
as to make the amendment harmonious to that
important feature of our bill; otherwise it will be
impossible for some of us to sustain it.
Mr. MORRILL. We have proposed to raise
this duty largely in our bill by way of compro-
mise, in order to meet the views of all parties,
supposing they would be satisfied if we raised the
duties very much higher than originally pro-
posed, and that the idea of taxing liquors on hand
would therefore be abandoned by the friends of
that proposition.
I move that the committee jise f<>r the purpose
of terminating debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
committee had had under consideration the in-
ternal revenue bill, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. MORR ILL. I move that when the Com-
mittee of the Whole on tlie state of the Union
shall resume the consideration of this bill all de-
bate shall terminate upon the pending scction in
half a minute after the same is resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the spe-
cial order, being the internal revenue bill.
Mr. BROOMALL. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Washburne*s
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will mod-
ify my amendment so as to read as follows:
Provided further, That all spirits of dome-fic production
and held for sale on the 1st day of Ma>, 1464, and upon
which no tax shall have been paid, shall be ful>]eet to a
duty of fifty ccnts per gallon, and ail -uch spinis* on band
for sale upon which a piiorduty s-hall have been paid shall
be subject to a duty ot thirty cents per gallon. Provided
further, That bona'jideretail dealers m spirit-* duly licenced
shall not be taxed on their stock on hand \vho*e quantity
on hand exceed two batrels.
