2762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
was wrong policy adopted by the Senate then. I
think 5 per cent, is a very high tax on manufac-
tures. It is an increase over the last tax of about
60 per cent., I understand. I think it was 3 per
cent, before, and nowitis 5. I think that is very
high, and I shall not vote for any change from
the 5 per cent.
Mr. JOHNSON. The tax you complained
of was an increase of 500 per cent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know the increase I
complained of was500 percent.; but the Senate
said we could bear it. The Senator from Ohio
repeats thatargumentnow. How much manufac-
tured articles will bear is a hard question to decide.
Cotton and woolen goods must be worn. Common
decency requires that the people should be dressed
and clothed, and they must be; and perhaps if you
put the tax at 50 or 100 per cent., still the people
would not go naked. You can force upon the
necessities of the community an enormous tax
perhaps, especially if you inflate the currency
according to the policy of the Administration to
correspond., I will not disguise the fact, how-
ever, that my judgment on this question is to some
extent controlled by the belief that the tax to be
paid by the manufacturer will he put on the price
of the article and finally be paid by the con-
sumer, and I think 5 per cent, is high enough.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to make a suggestion
or two in regard to a principal branch of manu-
facture which perhaps has not come to the notice
of the Senate, though it may perhaps to some
Senators; and that is the cotton manufacture.
During the past year most of the cotton manu-
factories have been closed either wholly or par-
tially. They had worked up the stock they had
on hand when the rebellion broke out, and from
the rise in cotton they made very good products
and very good profits. After working up that
stock on hand, they generally closed up their
manufactories. They have within n few months
past attempted to start again; but the supply of
cotton is a very uncertain one; it is not known
where it is to come from yet; the whole section
of the country that formeily produced the cotton
in in a very unsettled state; and the suggestion I
wish (o make to the Senate is whether at the pres-
ent time it is desirable to increase the tax on that
branch of manufacture more than two fifths or
two thirds what i( was before.
I will state further, as illustrating this matter,
that m the city where I live, one of the cotton
manufactories there has gone into the woolen
manufacture, and another has recently sent an
agent to England tobringout the proper machin-
ery lor the manufacture of flax, because they de-
sire to go forward with some manufacture. They
have been entirely closed as regards cotton man-
ufactures, and they do not know where they arc
to get n supply of cotton.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the word " ilvo"as the duty on
mn n u factures.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the idea of strik-
ing out the duty of 5 per cent.?
Mr, FESSENDEN. With a view to insert 7J
or 10.
Mi. ANTHONY. I think the amendment
proposed is a pretty sweeping one, After the
consideration the subject has received, I hope we
shall not \nvy the tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have been considering
the subject ever sm-e thebill has been befoie us.
Mr. COLLAMERoalled for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CLARIC. The simple question, I under-
stand, is oil striking out "live," with a view to
raising if.
( ^Th«-PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Pomcroy.)
That is the question.
The question being taken by yens and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays IG: as follows:
Vr.AS—Mo-*rsi. Conner, D.ivh , Doolittle, Gneie>, II. u-
Jan. Henderson. Johnson, Powell, ItiuhaulMni, rfln iina.i.
Ten F.yrk. Trumbull, ;\mi Wrule— \'4.
,VA\ —Me---1^. Antlmm, Ci.u k, Celiamcr, Cowa-i, Fe*-
M'l til I!, root, rose r, U.UMfS HendiKk*, Ilovw,
Pome; (>\. Hiieinct, Van Winkle, , ;ut<! Wit-oii-ifi.
Ai^JAT—Biown, Buckate'u . <utile, riund-
}<-i. ln\ot). Hale. Ilanim:' Hicks Howard. L.uie ot In-
dian... L.hsc Kaii-a^ \J< l)ou .ill. M-m ,11. \«wmth. K tm-
i -c, Knidle. , . 'pi.igue. WiI'mii- mi. auil VVi.-m
- -\U.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to inset t on page 144,
after the four hundred and forty-fifth line, the
following:
On tobacco in the leaf, a duty of 20 cents per pound,
which shall be a lien thereon until the duty has been paid.
Mr. President, we are looking around in every
direction to find an income for our country. We
are looking to whisky, and we are looking to
forty other different things. Now, I present one
single article, which, if taxed according to the
proposition I send to the Chair, will, in all prob-
ability, bring some fifty millions. It will cer-
tainly bring that unless 1 have been misinformed.
I have a letter in my hand from a gentleman who
resides in a tobacco-growing part of the country,
in which he calls attention to the importance of
a tax on tobacco in the leaf as a source of revenue
to the country. His statement is very short and
explicit, and, in short, it contains the whole case;
therefore I will read it:
" The suggestion which I am about to make may reach
you too late to be acted upon, even if it •shall strike, you
favorably. I always hesitate about making any suggestion
in relation to a matter pending in (Jongic^s, and when I do
make one it is with diffidence and rcluetance. This matter
of which I am about to speak, though it has been talked
about in Congress, may not have been brought to your at-
tention. It lias been brought very specialty to mine. It
*eeros to rne not to have received the attention in Con-
giess which it* inipottance demand.*. This is a tobacco-
raising region''—
That is, where this gentleman lives—
"tobacco is now a leading product here, and it bids fair
soon to become the cliiet product. Have you uvei thought
what a revenue might be derived from even a small tax
fiom tobacco in the leaf as well as in the hands ot the pro-
ducer ? The ciop of the whole country in 1860 was about
lour hundred and ihnfy million pounds ; last year the crop
was two hundred and eighty million pound>; and the ciop
for the euiientyear i•> estimated at two hundred and sixty
million pound-:. While it may he supposed thnt the crop
will be Miialler this year than last, here it bids fair to be
much larger. A tax of 10 cents per pound, which would
be very light, on two handled and sixty million pounds
would yield.^20,000,000; a tax of 20 cents per pound, which
the article-would well bear, would yield 000,000. Such
a tax would not reduce the consumption ot tobacco mate-
rially; 1 doubt vvhethei it would reduce it peiceptibly. 1
do not believe it would .huuni^li the export, for I do not
M«e where else the woild is to get its tohacto. I believe
lliitt iindei Mieh a tax the production would go on incieasing
a* rapidly as it is now nicieasing throughout the Noirh.
Tobacco is a luxury, and therefore one ot the most fit sub-
jects for taxation. Fifty-two millions a year! Can the
country afford to lose it r"
Mr. JOHNSON. Where does the writer re-
side?
Mr. SUMNER. In a tobacco pait of the
country.
Mr. HENDERSON and others. Give us the
name.
Mr, JOHNSON, What part of the country?
Mr. SUMNER. In an eastern State.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose in Connecticut,
where they raise a very tine tobacco.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 am not quite done, if the
Senator pleases.
Mr. JOHNSON. I beg your pardon, I thought
you were through.
Mr. tSUMNER. The last words of this letter
are:
lt Fifty-two millions a year! Can the country afi'oul to
lo*« it?"'
Mr. President, I have done my duty m present-
ing t his question to the Semite. I believe it ought
to be considered. It remains to be seen whether
there are any sufficient objections to this tax. If
there nro, I am not aware of them. They may
be developed by discussion, but they have not
ptesented themselves to my nnnd in the inquiry
which I have been able to give to the question
since my attention has been directed to it.
Vou cannot fail to perceive, in the first place,
the large sum that may in this way be touched;
in the second place, the comparative facility with
which it may be touched, paitieularly as com-
puted wills many other taxes winch we now im-
pose by this bill. Here, in one largelump, by a
trix on a single ai tiele, we may touch a very lai ge
sum. I believe in applying our taxation to a few
attieles, fiom which we may gel large sums re-
spectively, we do much better than by distribu-
; ting the taxation ovet a vast number of articles
! from winch respectively we may get compara-
| tivelv small sums. If 1 weie to make acntieism
i on the bi|! now undci eonsidei.uion, u would be
| that, diticardm^ the best examples "I other coini-
1 tues, it taxes n large number of articles instead
j of a few leading articles. I find that in 1^57 in
i England the whole amount of the excise collected
amounted to <£17,000,000. I speak in round num-
bers.
Mr. JOHNSON. Eighty-five million dollars.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir. Out of that sev-
enteen million pounds sterling, which was the
sum total of the excise tax in 1857, upwards of
fifteen million pounds sterling came from the tax
on two articles—spirits and malt. Of course the
Government were able to abandon the multitudin-
ous taxes on other articles, onpaper, if you please,
on windows, on the light of heaven; and in a
much easier way, with less odium, to receive a
larger return from the people. I propose that,so
far as possible, we in our country should imitate
that authoritative example, that we should be
taught by it, and that we should apply our taxa-
tion to a few articles so far as possible, and to
avoid imposing it upon the large number of arti-
cles. As an approximation to what seems to me
the right rule, I move the tax on tobacco in the leaf.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member cer-
tainly is right in bringing the subject before the
Senate, because it comes recommended to him by
a gentleman in whom he has confidence, and he
is still more right if he thinks with the authoiity
upon which he speaks, I had supposed before!
inquired where the writer of that letter resided
that he resided in the East, and in the tobacco-
growing portion of the East, where they make a
very fine kind of tobacco; a tobacco that is used
almost exclusively in wrappings for cigars, and
demands some sixty, severity, or eighty dollars
in the hundred. But the larger portion of the
tobacco-growing region makes a very inferior to-
bacco. It makes so inferior a tobacco that upon
an average it does not sell for moie than eight or
ten cents m the pound.
The honorable member proposes, if I under-
stand his amendment, to levy, not an a<l valorem
tax upon leaf tobacco, which would cause the lenf
tobacco of Connecticut and Massachusetts, if
there is any grown in Massachusetts, and j be-
lieve there is, to pay a tax upon the actual value
of that production; but a specific tux of twenty
cents upon every pound of leaf tobacco. That
as applied to Maryland tobacco and Kentucky
tobacco and Tennessee tobacco would be a tax
of some six or seven hundted per cent, on the
value of the article, and as they are unable to pell
that kind of tobacco abroad, wheie the most of it
is sold, at a price which will justify the exporta-
tion of it and the puichase of it by the exporter at
a larger amount than some eight or ten cents a
pound, it would prevent the production altogether;
and the etfectof that would be that the entire pro-
duction would be found m the eastern States, or
at least would be found to consist of that very
fine kind of tobacco which can only be pioduced
in certain sections and m certain latitudes.
My friend from Massachusetts says that we
ought to follow the English practice of taxation;
that we ought to tax some few articles; thai it
would simplify the system, and would enable us
to get clear of the necessity of taxing everybody
and evetything which enters into the use of man;
but he does not propose that now. He has no
idea of changing this bill, I suppose, for the put-
pose of modifying it so as to meet that view. IJo
does not mean, theiefoie, to select tobacco for
the purpose of getting eh-m of the other taxes to
be found m this bill; but he proposes to tax to-
bacco some six or seven hundred percent, higher
than it has ever been taxed before. 1 think my
ear could not have misled me, that when it was
proposed just now to strike out the tax of 5 per
cent, on manufactures, my fnend voted ogams:
that proposition, and he voted against it with the
knowledge that it was intended to iiil up the blank
which would have existed in die bill if the motion
to strike out had piewuled, with an mcitased
taxation beyond the amount which the committee
had recommended, to seven or ten per cent. 1
suppose the honorable member would be willing
to admit—[ am sure if he will for a moment turn
**his mind inwardly and think of the subject he
would admit—that avast variety of the commod-
ities which are manufactured in Now England
could bear a taxation exceeding 5 per cent. flis
colleague stated m the course of the day's ses-
sion, and he stated it on Satutday, that he thought
it could even heai an increase of double the
amount which the committee proposed.
Mr. SUMNER. May 1 interrupt the Senator
there ?
