m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 5,
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
ters have been robbed by confederate forces or
rebel guerrilb*, of post office 3tamps, stamped
envelopes, or of money received and collected
for, belonging to, and held for the Government
of the United States, and where such robbery
has not been caused by the default or negligence
,of the postmaster, the Postmaster General shall
be, ana he is hereby, authorized to credit such
postmaster, in the settlement of his accounts,
with the amount of which he may knve been so
robbed. Andin cases where no such credit lias
been allowed, and the postmaster has been re-
quired to and has accounted for and paid over to
'tne Post Office Department the sum or sums of
which he may have been so robbed, as aforesaid,
the Postmaster General is authorized to refund
the same to such postmaster.
• -Approved, April 29, 1864.
Chap. LXXIV.—An Act to aid the Indian Ref-
ugees to leturn to their Homes in the Indian
Territory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and is hereby, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the removal and tem-
porary relief of the refugee and destitute Indians
in the southern supermtendemiy, viz: for ex-
penses of transportation and subsistence by the
way to the Indian Territory, fifty-two thousand
dollars; for temporary subsistence in the Indian
country of refugee and destitute Indians, to the
close of the present fiscal year, one hundred and
fifty-three thousand dollars; for seeds, plows,
and necessary agricultural implements, to enable
them to raise a crop the present season, eighteen
thousand dollars.
Approved, May 3, 1864.
Chap. LXXVII.—An Act to vacate and sell the
present Indian Reservations in Utah Territory,
and to settle the Indians of said Territory in the
Uinta Valley.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to cause
the several JPhdian reservations heretofore made,
or occupied as such, in the Territory of Utah,
excepting Uinta valley, to be surveyed into tracts
or iota, not exceeding eighty acres each, under
the direction of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and upon the completion of such sur-
veys shall cause said tracts or lots to be sold, upon
scaled bids, to be duly invited by public adver-
tisement, for a period not less than three months,
in a newspaper of general circulation published in
the Territory of Utah, and also a newspaper pub-
lished in Washington, to the highest and best bid-
der; said bids may be filed with the Governor of
said Territory at the seat of government thereof,
and with the Secretary of the Interior in Washing-
ton; such bids as may be received by said Governor
shall, without opening the same, be forwarded to
the Secretary of the Interior, when the same, with
the bids filed with him, shall be opened in the
presence of the Secretary of the Interior, the Com-
mr-sionerofPublicLands, and the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and any bidders who may
choose to be present at the opening thereof; and
the Secretary of the Interior shall apply the pro-
ceeds of such sales to the construction of improve-
ments upon the reservations which may be estab-
lished under the provisions of this act, oi by other
lawful authority, or to the purchase of stock,ag-
ricultural implements, or such other useful arti-
cles as to him may seem bestadapted to the wants
and requirements of the*Indians: Provided, Tim
no tract of huid.shall be sold under the provisions
of thtss section for less than its appraised value in
cash, to be duly ascertained by commissioners
appointed by the Secretary of the Interior for that
purpose.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the su-
perintendent of Indian affairs for the Territory
of Utah be, and he is hereby, authorized and re-
quired to collect and settle all or so many of the
Indians of said Territory as may be found prac-
ticable in the Uinta valley, in said Territory,
which is hereby set spurt for the permanent set-
tlement and exclusive occupation of such of the
different tribes of Indians of said Territory as may
be induced to inhabit the same.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That for the
purpose of,making agricultural improvements in
the Uinta valley for the comfort of the Indians
who may inhabit the same, and to enable them
to'"become self-sustaining by means of agriculture,
there is hereby appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of thirty thousand dollars, which sum shall
be expended by the superintendent of Indian.af-
fairs for said Territory, under the instruction of
the Secretary of the Interior.
Approved, May 5, 1864.
Chap.LXXVIII.—An Act for the Prevention and
Punishment of Frauds in relation to the Names
of Vessels.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That every steamboat of the United
States shall, in addition to having her name painted
on her stern, as now required by law, also have
the same conspicuously placed in distinct, plain
letters, of not less than six inches in length, on
each outer side of the pilot-house, if it has such,
and (in case the said boat has side wheels) also
on the outersideof each wheel-house; and if any
such steamboat shall be found without having her
name placed as herein required, she shall be sub-
ject to the same penalty and forfeiture as is now
provided by law in the case of a vessel of the
United States found without havingher name and
the name of the port to which she belongs painted
on her stein, as required by law.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no mas-
ter, owner, or agent of any vessel of the United
States shall in any way change the name of such
vessel, or by any device, advertisement, or con-
trivance, deceive, or attempt to deceive, the pub-
lic, or any officer or agent of the United States
Government, or of any State, or any corporation
or agent thereof, or any person or persons, as to
the true name of such vessel, on pain of the forfeit-
ure of such vessel: Provided, That this act shall
not take effect until the expiration of sixty days
from and after its passage.
Approved, May 5, 1864.
Chap. LXXfX—An Act making a Grant of
Lands to the State of Minnesota, to aid in the
Construction of the Railroad from Saint Paul
to Lake Superior.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America itt Congress
assembled, That there be, and there is hereby,
gi anted to the State of Minnesota for the purpose
of aiding in the construction of a lailroad m said
State from the city of Saint Paul to the head of
Lake Superior, every alternate section of public
land of the United States, not mineutl, designated
by odd numbers, to the amount of five alternate
sections per mile on each side of the said rail-
road on the line thereof, within the State of Minne-
sota; but in case it shall appear that the United
States have, when the line or route of said road is
definitely fixed, sold, appropriated, reserved, or
otherwise disposed of any sections, or any part
thereof, granted as aforesaid, or that the right of
pieemption or homestead settlementhas attached
to the same, then it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Interior t-o select from the lands of
the United States nearest to the lines of sections
above specified, in alternate sections or parts
thereof, so much public land of the United States,
not mineral, as shall be equal m amount to such
lands as the United States have sold or otherwise
appropriated, or to which the rights of preemp-
tion or homestead settlement may have attached,
as aforesaid; which lands'thus selected in lieu of
those sold, reserved, or otheiwise appropriated
or disposed of, or to which the rights of preemp-
tion or homestead settlement may have attached,
as aforesaid, together with the sections and parts
of sections designated as aforesaid, and appro-
priated as aforesaid,shall beheld and disposed of
by the said State for the use and purpose afore-
said: Provided, That die land to be so selected
shall m no case be located farther than twenty
miles from the lines of said road: And provided
further, That the lands hereby granted for and on
account of said road shall be exclusively applied
in the construction of the same, and for no other
purpose whatever, and shall be disposed of only
as the work progresses through the same, as in
this acthcreinafter provided: Provided, also, That
no part of the land granted by this act shall be
applied to aid inthe construction of any railroad,
or part thereof, for the construction of which any
previous grant of land may have been made by
Congress: And provided further, That any and
all lands heretofore reserved to the United States
by any act of Congress, or in any other manner
by competentauthority, for the purpose of aiding
in any object of internal improvement, or for any
other purpose whatsoever, be, and the same are
hereby, reserved to the United States, from the
operations of this act, except so far as it may be
found necessary to locate the route of the said
road through such reserved lands; in which case
the right of way only shall be granted, subject to
the *|pproval of the President of the United States:
Provided farther, That the minimum price of the
even sections and parts of sections of the public
lands of the United States, within the limits of ten
miles on each side of the line of said road, shall
be two dollars and fifty cents per acre.
Sec. i2. And be it further ena^/erf,vThat when-
ever said State shall cause to be completed twenty
consecutive miles of any portion of said railroad,
supplied with all necessary drains, culveits,
viaducts, crossings, sidings, bridges, turn-outs,
watering-places, depots, equipments, furniture,
and all other appurtenances, of a first-class rail-
road, patents shall issue conveying the right and
title to said lands to said State, on cach side of
the road, so far as the same is completed, and co-
terminous with said completed section, not ex-
ceeding the amount aforesaid, and patents shall
in like manner issue as each twenty miles of said
road is completed: Provided, however, That no
patents shall issue for any of said lands unless
there shall be presented to the Secretary of the
Interior a statement, certified by the Governor of
the State of Minnesota, that such twenty miles
have been completed in the manner required by
this act, and setting forth with certainty the points
whe&e such twenty miles begin and where the
same end.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That when
the said road shall be definitely located, and a
plat thereof filed with the Secietary of the Inte-
rior, the lands hereby granted shall not thereafter
be subject to settlement, preemption, or private
entry adverse to this grant.
Sec. 4 And beitjurther enacted, That the said
State, ir\ addition to the grant heretofore men-
tioned, is hereby authorized to locate the said road
over any public lands of the United States, not
otherwise appropriated, reserved, or disposed of,
and that the right of way over said iancls of the
United States for the purpose aforesaid is hereby
granted to said State to the width of one hundied
feet on each side of sawl road as located.
Sec. 5- And be it further enacted, That the said
lands hereby granted when patented to said State,
shall be subject to the disposal of said State for
the purposes aforesaid, and for no other; and the
said railroad shall be and remain a pubhehighway
for the use of the Government of the United
States, free from all toll or other charge, for the
transpoi tation of any property or troops of the
United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, Uhat if said
road is not completed within eight years from the
time of the passage of this act. as provided herein,
nofuithcr patents shall be issued for said lands,
and no further sale shall be made, and the lands
unsold shall revert to the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, ThattheUni-
ted States maii shall be transported oversaid road,
under the direction of the PostOtHce Department,
at such price as Congress may by law direct:
Provided, That until such price is fixed by law
the Postmaster General shall have the power to
determine the same.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, Thatany rail-
road which may hereafter be constructed from any
point on the Bay of Superior, in the State of Wis-
consin, shall be permitted to connect with the said
railroad, for the construction of which the said
lands are hereby granted, at any point which may
