1864.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
T41"
I will now turn from the gentleman from Ohio
to thepioper consideration of the bill, not a more
agreeable subject, but more profitable, I hope,and
I will leave its humanitarian, its eleemosynary
points for the consideration of gentlemen on the
other side of the House, whose now-born affec-
tion for the black man renders it entirely safe to
do so. I propose only to give attention to its
bearing upon the war.
Power is virtue in a belligerent. A nation at
war ought to strengthen itself in every possible
way, or give up the strife. Itis woiso than folly,
it is criminal, to protract a deadly conflict unne-
cessarily.
Tins bill to establish a Bureau of Freedmcn's
Affairs proposes, in effect, to shorten the war. The
means of doing it aie within our reach; the duty
is before us, arid we are called upon to act.
The reasons for employing colored men in the
military service of the Government, and especially
such colored men as are or have been in slavery, are
to my mind overwhelming, and I feel constrained
to urge extraordinary measures, if necessary, to
obtain such service. The bill under consideration
must have a powerful tendency to promote this
object, and ought therefore to "find the favor of
loyal men. I choose to consider it from this point
of view, because the exigencies of an activc, long-
continued, and still vigorous rebellion are unon
us. In peace times 1 should consider it in alto-
gether a different light.
The bill provides for the taking in charge by
the War Department of the freed people of the
country, " to the end that said freeumen and the
Government of the United States shall be mutually
protected, and their i espeeti ve i igh ts and interests
duly determined and maintained." This I un-
derstand to mean that when these people, like any
other people, are needed by the Government, so
many of them as are fit to bear arms may hetlius
employed. At all events, there is nothing in the
bill to prevent such employment of them, and
there appears to be ^reat propriety in giving their
supervision to the War Department, at least dur-
ing the war, rather than to the Department of the
Interior, or even to the proposed new Department
of Industiy, because they can then with greater
facility be called into the mihtaiy service of the
Government whenever an emergency might re-
quire it.
J do not favor this feature of the measure be-
cause of any inability on the part of our white
soldiers to maintain themselves. They have done
this to the full extent of every reasonable expect-
ation. They have driven in the rebellion on
every hand, and routed the minions of treason
from many a stronghold. Every fair contest in
this war has shown that
<• Thrice is he aimed that Jiath his quarrel just;
And hu but naked, though locked up m mck 1,
Whose conference with liijir-ncn is eonupted."
Viewed as a question of expediency, the argu-
ment in favor of a colored soldiery is none the
less. If the Republic possessed ten times the as-
tounding strength it has already displayed. and if
the usurpation at Richmond were much weaker
than it has ever appeared to be, still should we
employ this agency in sustaining the former and
ciuihing the hitter. As Republicans we should
certainly favor it, as Democrats should we favor
it, and as abolitionists especially should we favor
it. it is a matter th.it appeals directly to ourplu-
lanthropy. it involves the interests not of this
country alone, but of all counUies; notoftheliv-
ing meiely, but of all generations. It will most
sunly upioot and deploy slavery from the face
of the earth. The example will not be lost upon
the only American monarchy, slavehohimg Bra-
ze, nor upon the few Spanish Amei ican colonies
that bill! foster the bai bai ou.s pr.ici j< o <>f chattel-
izmg humanity. Catry into ptacuce * lie provis-
ions of this bill, and the 2\ew W-u-ld, at least, will
be free again as when first ciented, cO'd ail men be
p< emitted to pursue their own happiness heie
unmolested by tyrants.
It would be unfair to leave this childlike people
uncared for while the stalwart anions; them are
fighting the battles of liberty for us "as well as
themselves; and equally so to tarn them off upon
the cold charities of a dominant race after the bat-
tl( s ai e over. Umlei the pi oclaination of the Pres-
ident fhey became the waids of the Republic, and
v. e cannot, with any show of justice, di sclaim the
guardianship. Dispel the clouds and darkness
that villainous local laws have imposed upon their
minds, and they will no longer need our care.
It will not be possible, in the short time allotted,
to revert to all the arguments in favor of this bill,
but some of the recisons for it are so patent as
to force themselves upon attention. While the
scheme will much alleviate the new conditio*,! of
self-reliance of these people, it will impose no new
burdens upon the Government; on the contrary,
it promises to yield a handsome revenue to the
public Treasury. At the'same time, and above
all, it will so strengthen the national arm as to
speedily crush out the rebellion. To this war
view of the subject alone, then, I propose to ad-
dress my remarks, for these are war times.
Contrary to the genera! opinion entertained two
years ago, or less, the American descendants of
the African moke excellent soldiers. This has
been demonstrated on numerous battle-fields, and
m some of the most desperate hand-to-hand con-
flicts of this war. The testimony of officers over
them is full and singularly unifoim on this point.
Only the other day, in the Chronicle of this city,
was the following:
"General M. M. Crocker, of Iowa, one of the very best
officcrd in the Auity, who eruly pnfoied tlio public service,
and was an unswerving: and leading Democrat mthatState
foi many years, writes i>*om Yiek.-lmrg, where lie is now
stationed, to a friend in l>e-< iSIoino, under date of Janu-
ary as follow * ' The negio K'gimi'iu-« now lorni
quite an element m tins aiiny, and it is astonishing how
completely all ptejurltee on that subject lias been done
awav with. Tliev make good soldier.-:—intld, lood-natured,
and i r.-pectfui to thru ofliceis—easily managed, and. as far
as they have l>rcn tried, fight as well as any troops.5 "
And so, whether the testimony come from
Vicksburg, Port Hudson, or before Chaileston,
from Louisiana, Tennessee, oi jNTorth Caroline;
whethei fiom the genital who has been taught
from his infancy to despise the negro,or from him
whose faith in humanity was imbibed from the
Puiitans, it is the same. Few of these people
comparatively ha\e been put under arms m this
contest, and they but recently, yet have they
achieved for themselves a new, and certainly n
brilliant, reputation. "We were told they had been
known to fight well under other flags, and that
regiments of them bad become famous in the wars
of the East and also the West Indies; but thoy
wei e not counted upon to sustain " the flag of our
: Union." Our excessively chivalrous Democratic
friends were homfied at the bare idea of arming
in defense of the nation what they were pleased
to trim property, and it was only when drafting
approached too closely that they could see any
virtue in it. So scrupulous aie some of them on
this question of color that they have hitherto
strenuously declined the use of colored powder
as against icbels.
Ims a favorite theory among persons educated
at the Military Academy that u'l men undci sim-
ilar ciicumstanu s of discipline and physical con-
dition are about equally brave; that if there is any
diffeienee it is owing to the ' odily and not to the
mental structure of the mdi\idual. And pleasant
it is to find in that school of theories one theory
tbnt is so neatly sustain* d by the experiences of
this war. What with ins physical naming and
discipline to obedience, the colored man will fight,
and as bravely, I trust, as his white companion
in aims. There is one eharaciensticabout these
people that eminently fits them foi the sternest
realities of war. They manifest more sympathy
toward each other than do the white soldiers,
and, as a conscience,instead of seattrnng they
become gregarious in time of danger, and mam-
tain the strength that is always found in union.
They seldom, if evei, abandon their comrades in
distress. Dunns, the many expeditions that our
soldiers have made within the icbei lines, this pe-
culiarity of the colored population has been ob-
served. The aged, the infirm, and the helpless
young have been the obieits uf their chiefest so-
licitude while scaping from bondage. Often in
this war has the flight of Virgil V hero been i!ius-
tiatod. A.Iany a swarthy ic.s has borne away
upon his shoulder some old Anchises. while lead-
ing his little Aseanius by the hand, followed by
Ius faithful wife carrying a little bundle, tin - house-
hold lares and penates, fiom the cruel confed-
ciacy.
Another reason for strengthening the military
arm of the Government by the employment of
this agent,y, is that the slaves join ihe Un;on
fwiees with alacrity whenever an opportunity '|
offers. Thw hi not remarried by them as apolni- il
cal contest, and party feeling never intervenes be-
tween them and duty. Convince the freedmaa
of the rebellious States that downtrodden human-
ity needs his assistance, and at once he seizes
hia weapon and goes into the lanks. Instances
are related where they have resorted to the mo&'t
ingenious expedients to conceal physical defects
in order to get into the Army; and they have wbpt
with disappointment over the adverse decision of
an examining physician, so anxious have they
been for immolation upon the holy altar of lib-
erty. Here is patriotism, here an appreciation of
that old Roman adage—" Dulee et decorum est pro
patria mori."
But the freedmcn of the South are better fitted
by nature and habit than the northern people to
endure the climate of the insurgent States, and
the toils incident to the life of a soldier therein.
This is attested in many way's, but in none more
forcibly and sadly than by the hccatombsfilled with
noble young men who perished in the swamps of
the Chickanominy, victims not more of the cli-
mate than of the sickly sentimentality of that mis-
erable specimen of a general whose chief solicitude
while leading a patriot army was to guard rebel
propei ty and return fugitive slaves.
Colored soldiers will meet with the sympathy
and most hearty cooperation of the entire colored
population of the South; and if it is demonstrated
by a solemn act of Congress that their hitherto
downtrodden race is to be lifted up and be mado
the recipients of national kindness, the white
soldiers that aie assisting to bear aloft the Amer-
ican flag will be equally welcome among them.
This will give to the Union forces an advantage
that has probably not been so fully enjoyed by
an army in an enemy's country since the world
began. It is an advantage that cannot be over-
estimated. Why, the idea of an invasion by
these people is terribly discomfiting to the usurp-
ers, and hence their desperate exertions to deter
us from obtaining their aid by indiscriminately
murdering all negroes found under arms or in the
uniform of the United States, as also the officers
that lead them. Their most barbarous treatment
of our poor friends in the Richmond prisons is
instigated by their feais upon this point. They
dai e not recognize their former slaves as soldieis
to be treated according to the rules and laws of
war. The weapon in the hand of the slave is
truly the Ithunel spear; the rebellion writhes
under its touch. An army of colored men be-
comes an army of liberators in every sense, and
if you would put a speedy termination to this
war, this awful war, arm so many of these peo-
ple as will bear arms, and take good care of the
balance. Ay, sir, put one of John Brown's pikes
in the hands of eveiy tiaitor's slave and let him
cai n his liberty. Men that would not be content
with all the choicest blessings of the Republic are
unfit to live in it. Lot them perish. Mercy to them
is cruelty toward God and humanity. Whom the
gods wish to destroy they fust make mad, and
though these people are beside themselves, yet
are they sensitive to danger. They fear the men
they have scourged in the pride of their power.
Themaned lion is not more dreaded by the lonely
traveler in Afiioa than is he whose fathers de-
stroyed the lion by the trembling despots at Rich-
mond.
Every slave added to the Union Army is, in
effect, also taking a soldierfrom tin* ranks of the
rebels. The efficiency of an army depends upon
how it is fed, clothed, and furnished. Without
supplies it will full to pieces in three days; and
the man at homo laboring for its support is as in-
dispensable to its strength as the one that carries
the musket. The plow is equally useful to the
belligerent with the gun, and the sickle with the
saber. The ex-Secretai y of War and his cohorts
arc so hotly pressed to maintain theirascendency
that they have ordered into their service, as we
are told, all able-bodied white men withm their
lines between the ages of eighteen and sixty; and
the rebellion will therefore soon be utterly de-
pendent upon slave labor fonts support. By so
much, then, as you withdraw this support, by
so much dot you weaken the rebellion. And this,
it seems to me, prescntsoneof the most powerful
inducements for the Government to use all avail-
able means to enlist colored persons in its ser-
vice, and to withdraw their support fiom the
rebellion.
But there is still another argument. Those
