1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2763
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mi*. SUMNER. I will say that I voted on that
question with gieat hesitation.
Mr. JOHNSON. Still you voted.
Mi. SUMNER. Still I voted, certainly. The
Senator is entirely right in the statement he makes.
I voted with gi cut hesitation. I want the tax on
all articles to bo as much as they will bear. I
was not satisfied that manufactures would bear
an increased tax. There were some reasons that
led me to believe that they might bear an increase
perhaps to 7 per cent.; but entertaining a serious
doubt on the question I voted against the change.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not find any fault with
the Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that; but I wish
the Senate to know precisely what governed me.
Mr. JOHNSON. Whether the Senator hes-
itated or not in giving his vote was a matter that
I could not know until he stated it. He voted the
very moment his name was called.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
what is very unusual with me, I forbore to vote
when my name was first called.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not observe that. He
does not forbear to vote usually, and he generally
speaks out loud enough.
Mr. CONNESS. His constituents will be glad
to hear that he hesitated about hie vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. But the result of the hesita-
tion rather strengthens what I am about to say.
He hesitated to vole; and now he says he hesi-
tated because he doubted whether the manufac-
turers of the'East could bear this increase of tax-
ation. Ifhe will hesitate again overtheamendment
which he now proposes, he will withdraw that
amendment, because I am sure he will see that ail
leaf tobacco cannot bear this increased tax; and
that it is just as just to us in Maryland, Tennes-
see, and Kentucky to be encouraged, or not to have
the production stricken down m our hands, to be
encouraged in the production of this tobacco, as
it is in Massachusetts to have their manufactur-
ers encouraged in their particular manufacture, i
put it to him if it is not probable, or, to state it
more strongly and more truly, if it is not abso-
lutely certain, that the tobacco of the constituents
whom I m part represent, and those of the con-
terminous States of Virginia and Kentucky and
Tennessee, will not be able to bearupon their leaf
tohacco such a tax as he proposes.
The honorable member perhaps, like myself, is
not in the habit of using tobacco, and his thoughts
may not have been turned that way. Mine have
not been from choice, but because of the position
which I hold, 1 have been solnewhat instructed
in relation to this commodity because of the pro-
posal to tax it. It was proposed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, I think, and perhaps
by the Secretary of the Treasuryin his message,
to tax leaf tobacco 20 cents. Jt alarmed all our
tobacco-growing people. It alarmed our tobacco
merchants in New York, Baltimore, and else-
where who buy and export the tobacco which wc
make. They all said that it would not bear the
tax!", notbecausc people would not chew the nox-
ious weed or smokeit, but because with reference
to that kind of tobacco which we make, they
could on the Continentmake just as much as they
wanted, although of an inferior kind, yet not so
far inferior as not to be able to compete with our
articles, and the result would be that the produc-
tion in Maryland and in the States to which I
have adverted would be stricken down in the hands
of the planters.
Mr. President, I am sure that I do not make
an appeal to the honorable member in vain when
I say that there ought, at least as we now stand,
to be some consideration paid to the condition m
which Maryland, Viigmia,Tennessee, and Ken-
tucky are. The war has rendered almost value-
less our former industry in all its branches except
in this one branch. The whole business of the
country, as far as manufactures and otherthings
which are found necessary for the wants of the
counti y are concerned, has gone from us. These
southern States who, false to duty and false to
honor, have left us, have left us comparatively
without a market. We have nothing to sell but ;
tohnceo, comparatively speaking, and that we Sell
abroad. Now, impose such a tax as the one sug-
gested by the honorable member, and you take !
away from us that article of wealth or of compar- j
ative wealth and prosperity. I hope, therefore, i
that the amendment proposed by the honorable
member will not be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts that this matter
has been very carefully and thoroughly studied
and considered in all its aspects in the Committee
of Ways and Means, as 1 was informed from
time to time, and they came to the conclusion that
it would be very unwise in the present state of
the country to put this tax on the unmanufac-
tured article. I hope the time will come when
we can do it without injuring the business. If it
could be done withoutinjury, I really should not
make any objection to ii.; but at present I really
believe it would be unwise to do it, and I believe
the Committee on Finance concurred in that view,
Mr. SUMNER. If the experts testify accord-
ing to the Senator from Maiyland, then I see
clearly that at this moment the tax that I pro-
pose might not be judicious; but I ask, what is the
evidence? Of course I do notin any respect doubt
the statement of the Senator; but do the experts
say that such a tax as I have proposed is more
than this article can bear? Do the experts say
that tobacco with the tax I propose could not find
a market in Europe?
Mr. JOHNSON. They do.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not so understood.
Mr. JOHNSON. Our tobacco in a great meas-
ure now is substituted by the German tobacco.
The sales are falling off very much. If the Sen-
ator means by experts those dealing in the com-
modity, all the buyers of the article for exporta-
tion, without exception, have united in saying
that a tax like the one proposed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, which is the one the Senator
now proposes, would be fatal to production.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not quite sure that it
would be fatal to production. Of course my own
judgment is of no value against the judgment of
those who, from their position and lives, are fa-
miliar with the article. I must act accoidmg to
the information that I receive according to my
inquiries; and taking all these and their results
into consideration, I must say I am not satisfied
that tobacco would not bear the tax that I have
proposed. But if it would not bear a tax of 20
ccnts, then call it 10 ccnts, which would give us
something over §20,000,000.
It seems to me there are two articles in our
country on which we should make taxation bear,
and we should shape everything in the future to
that result: I mean tobacco and whisky. We can
make those twoarticles suppoit the Government
without throwing the burden upon the multitu-
dinous list which is in the present bill.
Whatever may be the result of the motion I
have now brought forward, I am glad to have
had the oppoi tunity of calling the attention of the
Senate to it, and I hope, if nothing comes of it
now, that it will not be forgotten hereafter.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 do not intend to argue
this question,or to expend thetimcof the Senate
upon it. I will simply say to the Senator from
Massachusetts that if he will investigate the mat-
ter closely he will find that his correspondent
owns a very large stock of manufactured tobacco
at present on hand.
Mr. SUMNER. Notatall. He is a collector
in a tobacco district.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then he may be inter-
ested in increasing his fees in that way as collector.
I can state to the Senator fiom Massachusetts
that there is not a producer of the article in this
country who will toll him that any such tax can
be borne. Why, sir, when the proposition was
made by the Secretary of the Treasury to tax to-
bacco in the leaf, numbers of individuals in my j
State wrote to me to inquire whether it was prob-
able that such a tax would be levied or not; that
if so, they would burn their tobacco. The Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] i believe received
similar letters in reference to this article in his
own Slate. It is an ai tide which perhaps is worth
and is selling at §4, $4 50, and $5. Individuals may
take up a wrong notion in regard to such a tax;
but they have a notion that it would require the
selling of their farms in order to pay the twenty
cents a pound oil tobacco. It would not only re-
quire the saleoftho tobacco,but it would require
the sale of the farm on which itis grown in ordei
to pay such a tax.
As stated by the Senator from Maryland, it is
a tax of five or six hundred per cent, on various
qualities of tobacco. • Any man who .will suggest
a tax of this sottis certainly suggesting a propo-
sition that will uxin the growth of the article in
this country. We are exporting large quantities
of it now from this country; but already Euro*
pean countries have gone into the growth of it.
We ought to encourage this production here, be-
cause it makes exchange for us in Europe; and.,
as was very properly stated by the Senator from
Maryland, since we have lost the cotton of the
South we need something upon which to build
exchanges. I think, therefore, we ought to en-
courage the production of the article in this coun-
try upon that ground if upon no other.
This correspondent of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts says that a tax ought to be levied on the
leaf in the hands of the producer. I thought in
all probability he had purchased up a large quan-
tity of leaf tobacco, and wanted to impose a tax
simply upon the leaf in the hands of the producer,
not in his own of course; and I expect, if the matter
were inquired into now, it would be found in all
probability that he is the owner of a large amount
of tobacco. I do not doubt it, because no reason-
able man would make any such proposition.
Since this question of taxing tobacco and
whisky, and other articles, has been before the
Senate, we have been besieged here by individ-
uals owning large stocks of those articles, and
who can make fortunes out of them by a single
turn of the wheel. Why, sir, a tax of 1 per
cent, on some of these articles will put large for-
tunes into the pockets of various parties in this
country. They have been thionging these lobbies
ever since we have had this question under dis-
cussion; they meet you at every corner and every
turn—men who expect to realize half a million by
the settlement of this question. Whenever they
can impose upon a gentleman in regard to these
things they do it, and my friend from Massachu-
setts is certainly very much imposed upon when
he thinks that this article can bear any such tax-
ation as he now proposes.
If the Senator is so exceedingly anxious to in-
crease the revenue as he professes to be, I think
he ought to have voted for the proposition of the
Senator from Ohio a momentago to strike out the
duty of5 per cent, on manufactures and increase it
to 71 or 10 percent. I do not ask him to do so, but
I ceiUiinly do ask that he will look with some dc-
gtecof allowance upon those gentlemen in Mary-
land, in Missouri, and in Kentucky and other
States of the Union that produce something that
is not produced perhaps in his own State.
Why, sir, some individuals regard tobacco not
as a luxury, but as a necessary of life. Coffee is
not a necessary or a luxury to me. I do not want
it at all; but various parties must have it. There
aie various individuals to whom tobacco is almost
as necessary as bread. Because the Senator from
Massachusetts does not use the article himself, he
ought not to dtsire to impose these taxes entirely
upon everybody else or upon other people who do
use it. Sir, I say this proposition is absurd.
Mr. PO WELL. It is not my purpose to make
a speech on this subject; but I am sure the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has not informed him-,
self about this tobacco trade, if he thinks he can
get any revenue by taxing leaf tobacco. Is the
Senator aware how much tobacco is grown in
Europe with which we have to come into compe-
tition ?
Mr. SUMNER. I know there is a great deal.
Mr. PO WELL. Why, sir, the American prod-
uct is not one half what is grown in the world.
Europe grows some 450,000,000 pounds,while this
country produces about halt thata mount. In many
countries of Europe where veiy little tobacco has
been grown, Hungary, for instance, where for-
merly they only grew enough for their own con-
sumption, jn 18G3 grew 86,000 hogsheads of 1,200
pounds each, while in that year we only exported
101,000 hogsheads. They are driving us out of
the market all over Europe; and if you put any
tax on leaf tobacco you will stop the production
altogether. Heretofore we have got sometimes
thirteen millions and sometimes twenty millions
of money from our exportations of tobacco; but
if you lay this tax on tobacco in the leaf, in my
opinion we will not ptoduce another pound for
exportation.
Mr. SUMNER. I am content with the ex-
pression of opinion that has taken place, and with
the permission of the Senate I will withdraw the
