1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I7S7!'
. I now call for tellers on the amendment.
Tellers weie ordered;and Messrs Washburne,
of Illinois, and Bliss were appointed.
The committee divided;and the tellers reported
—a-yes 55, noes TO.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. As that amendment has
failed, and ,in order farther to satisfy that portion
uf the House who are in favor of that proposi-
iion, I move to strike out all after the word
"prior," in the fifth line, down to and including
1864," in the eighth line, as follows:
To the 1st <lay of July, 1864, a duty of sixty cents on each
mid eveiy gallon; on and alter the 1st day of July, lb64.
So that it will read:
Hpc. SI. And he it. fuither evanted, That, in addition to
the. duties payable for licenses heieiu provided, theie shall
be levied, collected, and paid on allsptntsthatmay foe dis-
tilled and sold, or removed for consumption or bale. of iiist
pioof, prior to the 1st day of Januaiy, 1865, a duty of one
dollar on each and every gallon; &c.
Mr. KASSON. I suggest to the gentleman
from Vermont that he move to insert before the
word "prior" the words "on and after the 1st
day of May, 1864." That will accomplish his
purpose.
Mr. MORRILL. I accept that modification.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amptid the text of
the bill by striking out the word "January," in
the eighth line, and inserting "October."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Iowa
does not propose to amend any part of the text
which the gentleman from Vermont moves to
strike out, and his amendment is therefore not in
order.
Mr. WILSON. I do propose to amend a por-
tion of the text which the gentleman from Ver-
mont luis moved to strike out.
The. CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ver-
mont has modified his amendment at the sugges-
tion of the gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Kasson,]
hik! t hp word he proposes to strike out is not in-
cluded in the amendment as modified.
Mr. WILSON. 1 thought his amendment in-
cluded the whole of the eighth line.
Mr. Morrill's amendment as modified was
then agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to timond the fifty-first
section by striking out "January, 1865,"and in-
serting in lieu thereof, "October, 1864." 1 pro-
pose to follow up this amendment by striking out
" one dollar" and inserting "$1 25.'"
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the tax of one dollar on spirits and insert-
ing in lieu thereof 50."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to amend by reducing
the tax on spirits ftom one dollar to eighty cents.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. UPSON. I move to amend by striking
out the words " on and after the 1st day of July,
18G4, to the lat day of January, 1865," and in-
serting in lieu thereof the words u on and after
the 1st day of October, 1864."
Mr. MORRILL calledforteliersontheamend-
mcnt.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill,
and Steele of New Jersey, were appointed.
The com mii tee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayos 57, noes 62.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend by striking
out the tax of $1 25 per gallon on spirits manu-
factured after the 1st of January, 1865, and in-
serting in lieu thereof $1 50 per gallon.
Tellers were demanded on the amendment. ;
Tellers were not ordered. ;
The amendment was rejected. :
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the fifty- I
fiist section by striking out the words "onand ;
after January 1, 1865, a duty of $1 25 on each j
and every gallon." !
Mr. MORRILL demanded tollers on the amend- |
ment. ;
Tellers were ordeied; and Messrs. Holman
and A. Myers were appointed.
The committee divided;and the tellers reported
—ayes 30, noes, 77.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr, WILSON. I move to amend the fifty-
first faction by striking out the words " Janu-
ary, 1865, "and inserting in lieu thereof the words
" November, 1864."
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson
and Bliss were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 40, noes 62.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend byu,dding'
at the end of the section the following proviso:
Provided further, That all spirit® used for manufacturing
purposes shall he exempt from the duty imposed by this act,
m such manner and under such rules and regulations as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. GRINNELL. 1 move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the section the words, " since
great arc the charms of cheap whisky." [Laugh-
ter.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by reducing the
tax of one dollar to seventy cents, and the tax of
$] 25 to ninety cents.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk proceeded to read the fifty-second
section.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I move an amend-
ment to come in as an additional section between
the fifty-first and fifty-second sections.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
pioposition comes in too late. The committee
lias passed from the fifty-first section and has
passed to the fifty-second section.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I submit to the
Chair that the Clerk had but just commenced the
reading of the fifty-second section when 1 pro-
posed my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk had read eight
lines of the fifty-second section when the gentle-
man from New York addressed the Chair.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I hope the com-
mittee will hear the amendment read, and if ob-
jected to I will withdraw it.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. —. Jlnd he it further enacted, That so much of the
seventh suction ot the act of Congress of iYJaieh 7, 1864,
to inciea*e the internal icveimo, &c,, as levies a tax of
forty cenN a gallon on spirits imported prior to March 7,
18b4, be,and is hereby, repealed, and that the Secretaiy of
the Treasury bedlioeted to leiund to pei&ons paying the
same all moneys thu- exacted on such spnits, the original
entry of winch was made ptior to the said 7th of Maich.
1861.
Mr. GRINNELL. I object.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I give notice that
{ will offer it at the end of the next section.
Mr. KASSON. I suggest that it be offered at
the end of the bill.
Mr. FERNA NDO WOOD. Do I understand
the gentleman from Iowa to say that he will not
object to the inti oduction of it at that time ?
Mr. KASSON. I shall make no objection to
it at the end of the bill, where it will be more ap-
propiiate ns a repealing clause.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Well, I will re-
serve it.
Mr. MOR.R.1LL. I move to amend on page
58, line t hit ty-lhree, after the words " assistant
assessor," by inserting the words, " other com-
petent officer."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. On page 59, line forty-two,
I move to amend before the word "pay," by in-
serting the word " and." i also move afrer the
word "duties" to strike out the words " furnish
bonds correspondingly;" and also at the end of
line forty-four, by insetting the words " and fur-
nish bonds correspondingly."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 move to amend the
same scctionm the twelfth line by inserting after
the word " gallons" the words " placed in ware-
house, and also the number."
The section as amended would then read:
£ec. o3. Jlvd be it further enacted, That every poison
who shall be the owner of any s-tlll, boiler, or other vessel,
used or intended to be used for the piupot-e of dn-Ulimg
spirituous liquors, as heieinbefore piovided, or who shall
have such still, boiler, or other vessel under his supcun-
tendenee, citliei as agent tor the owner or on his own ac-
count; and every person who shall use or intend to use
any still, boiler, or other vessel, as aforesaid, either as
owner, agent, oi othei wise, shall trom day to day make true
and exact entry, or rouse to bo entered in a book to be
kept by him for tin* purpose, the number of gallons of 1
spirits' diafcttted by:iiim, and also the number of gallons:
placed-in warehouse, and alfiothe number sold, or removed -
for consumption or sale, and the pjroof thereof; .which book.
shall always be open in the daytime {Sundays excepted)
for the inqjbetfon of the said assessor, assistant a'ssessdr.
collector, deputy collector, or inspector, whornay take any
minutes, memorandums, or transcripts thereof; and shalt,
render to &atd assessor or assistant assessor on the 1st,
10th, and 20th days of each and every month in each year,
oi within five days thereafter, a general nccbunt m dupli-
cate, taken from-.his books, of the nuiuhorof gallons ot
spirits distilled, and also the number ot •gallows,sold, or rer
moved for consumption or sale, and, the proof thereof, not,
before accounted tor^and shall also keep a book, or books.1
in a foim to be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal-
Uevenue, and to be open at alt seasonable hours for in-
spection by the assessor, assistant assessor,collector, dep-
uty collector, or inspector of the district, "wheiein shall be
entered, from day to day, the quantities of grain or other-
vegetable protections,' or other substances put into the
raqsh tub by him, Ins agent, or superintendent, ibrthe.pur-
pose of producing spirits; and shall verily oi'cause to be
Verified the said entries, reports, books, and t'eneral ac-
counts, by oath oraflirmatien, to be taken before theassas^or
or'assistant assessor^ or other competent officer, aeeord-
injr to the form required by law; and shall immediately;
foiwarrl to the collector of the district one ot the said du-
plicate account*, duly certified to by the asses-ref1 or a^si-t-
ant assessor, and shall also pay to the collector the duties
on the spirits so distilled and sold, or removed-for con-
sumption or sale, and in said accounts mentioned at the
tune of rendering tin1 duplicate account,thereof: provided,
That distillers who disull'or manufacture less than one
huudred and fifty barrels of spirits per year may make re-
turns and pay duties on the 1st day of each and every month
in lieu of on the 1st, JOth, and 20th days of the month, and
furnish bonds coi res pondingly, any thing to the contiary not-
withstanding.
Mr. PENDLETON. The object of my amend*
mcnt is merely to make the section correspond
with an amendment two or three sections back.
The object is to require returns to be made of the
number of gallons warehoused as well as the
number sold.
The amendment was agreed to. , -
The fifty-fourth section was then read.
Mr. BROOICS. I wish to call the attention of
the committee to this section. It seems to create
an indefinite number of officers to be appointed
by the Secretary of the Treasury. Whenever
the assessments, in his judgment, may seem to^
require them, he may appoint one or more in-
spectors of spirits and coal oil, &e.
In the sixth section we have given, to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury or to the heads of, the
Government power to create five additional in-
spectors to travel over the country; and here is a
section by which he may appoint one hundred,
two hundred, five hundred, or two thousand offi-
cers, as he may desire. And he may not only
appoint inspectors, under this section, of coal oil,
but of Macassar oil, or hair oil, or any other.de*-
scription of oil, as well as of tobacco, cigars,,&c.
Mr. GRINNELJL. What is the amendment
of the gentleman from New York? 1 did not
hear it.
Mr. BROOKS. Idid not propose any amend-
ment in form; but I will now move to strikeout
the whole section. I do not see that there is any
necessity for it.
The section was read, as follows: ^
Sec. 54. Jhtd be it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed by the Seeieiaiy of the Treasury in every assess-
ment district where the same may be necpssary, one or
more inspectors of spirits, refined coal oi! or other oil, to-
bacco, eigUis, and other articles, who shall take an oath
laithfully to pertotni thuir.duties. in &uch form as the Com-
missioner of the Internal Revenue shall proscribe, and who
shall be entitled to receive such fees as may be fixed and
prescribed by said Commissioner.
Mr. MORRILL. For the information of the
gentleman from New York I would say that these
inspectors receive no pay from the Government
at all. They ate paid by the manufacturer who
has his whisky or his oil inspected. Butin oider
to show that fact more clearly I will offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the close of the
section proposed to be stricken out. It is the
same amendment proposed to be added to another
section, it is as follows:
To be paid by the owner or manufacturer of the articles
inspected or gauged ; and any manufacturer of spirits, re-
fined coal oil, or other oil, tobacco, cigars, or other articles
which may by law be required to be inspected, who shall
refuse to admit an inspector upon his premises, so I'ar as it
mav be neeessaiy for the performance of his dutigs, shall
forfeit the sum of §100, to he recovered in themannerpro-
vided for other penalties imposed by this act.
Mr. BROOKS. The amendment the gentle-
man from Vermont proposes, in my judgment,
only makes the section more objectionable. Sec-
tion fifty-four crefitesan indefinite number ef offi-
cers who, hs I supposed, were to be paid by tVw
