2764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
amendment. But before I do it I will remark to
my friend from Missouri that he has entirely mis-
understood. the charactcr of the correspondent
whose letter I read. If he knew him he would
not attribute to him any such idea as he did. The
letter was written in good faith, founded on what
he saw in his own district under his own eyes.
It was a sincere, honest suggestion, patriotically
made for the good of the country.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then he did not know
what he was-writing about.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the amendment to be withdrawn.
Mr. CLARK. It is very desirable to get
through with this bill to-day, if possible, arm I
therefore move that the Senate take a recess from
half past four o'clock until seven.
Mr. POWELL. I will suggest that we meet
at six instead of seven. That will give us plenty
of time to get our dinners.
Several Senators. Say half past six.
Mr, POWELL. Well, I will say half past
six, if gentlemen prefer that.
Mr.FESSENDEN. We cannot very well get
dinner in that time.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope it will be fixed at
seven o'clock. I would rather sit here without
taking a recess; but if we are to go home at all
we ought to have a little more time than is neces-
sary to go home and come right buck. It takes
me throe quarters of an hour to go home.
Mr. CLARK. Senators desire the recess to
last until seven o'clock, and I do not feel disposed
to shorten the time. I can come at any time that
may be fixed upon. I will adhere to my motion,
that the Senate take a recess from half past four
o'clock till seven.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to perfect an amend-
ment that has been adopted to section one hun-
dred and two, on page 155. I propose to strike
out the proviso to that amendment and to substi-
tute in lieu of it what I send to the Chair. It
does not change the provision, but simply per-
fects it. It is to stnke out the pi aviso adopted
m that section and inset t the following:
Provided, That the duty hereby imposed .shall not be
charged upon receipts for the tian^portntton ot persons or
pioperty or materials between the United skates and any
foreign port.
It is merely a change of phraseology.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire also to amend that
provision by striking out the words li except ex-
press companies." The words are inappropriate
where they are placed, and those companies are
provided for in the one hundred and thud section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. The Committee on Finance
have increased (he duty on stoves and hollow-
wate as it was imposed in the bill by the House
of Representatives from $3 to $5. I desire a sep-
arate vote upon that amendment pioposed by
the committee. I have hesitated myself to call
up the subject, but my own judgment is that that
tax is too high—-too high in proportion to the
other duties imposed upon mmmfactuies of iron.
I therefore ask for a separate vote upon that
amendment. It is the clause on page 139, line
three hundred and twelve:
On stoves and hollow-ware and easting of iron exceed-
ing ten pounds in weight tor eneli casting, not otherwise
provided for, a duty of $5 per ton.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that the views of
the Senator from New York will prevail. The
present duty upon those articles is $1 50 a ton.
The House have increased it to #3, and the Sen-
ate have increased it to $5. 1 think that is too
much. All the raw material that enters into the
manufacture of these articles has been increased
enormously in price, three times at least. Stoves
are used most largely by the moderate and poorer
classes of the people. All tenement houses now
arc built without fire-places, and with chimneys
merely for the stove-pipes. I think that Uix is
rather too high.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be on concurring in the Senate with the amend-
ment made in Committee of the Whole. That
amendment was to strike out" three" and insert
" five."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senate will
concur with the committee in that amendment.
The amendment was suggested to us by a man
of very considerable experience and knowledge.
He said that much more revenue might be de-
rived from this source without injury to any-
body. I took the pains to consult with a mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means, in
whose judgment I have a great deal of confidence,
on the subject, and he concurred in it. The fact
is, they stand on a different footing altogether
from everything else in the manufacture of iron.
We had before us a very inteliigent£jentleman,
a constituent of my friend from New York, who
was a large manufacturerof stoves. He objected
to it, not on the ground that the article would not
bear it, but he said it was a tax higher than on
any other manufacture of iron, and what he ob-
jected to was the discrimination. I asked him if
the discrimination would affect the trade in any
way. He did not say that he should sell a stove
less, or that it would affect the trade in any way.
I adverted to the fact that the trade was an ex-
ceedingly profitable one, extensively carried on;
that almost everybody had stoves; and that it
did not come in competition with any manufac-
ture of iron whatever. He admitted that to be
so. His only argument was not a matter respect-
ing his interest, but as arising from the appear-
ance of the thing; that they were taxed higher
in proportion than other manufactures of iron.
He failed utterly, being a very frank man and
answering truly about it, to give any satisfactory
icasons to the committee, except that it was a
discrimination. He did not contend that the dis-
crimination would be in any way injurious to
the trade, but he did not like the looks of it. I
suggested to him that we could not very well
spare the money on that account, if we could get
it. Pie said that the previous tax had not been
adequate. He admitted that the trade was very
profitable. Pie said that if we imposed a tax of
$3 as it stood in the House bill he thought that
could be borne, but"if we imposed $5 they should
be obliged to add something to the pi ice of the
stove«. I concluded that the small amount that
would be added by an additional tax of $2 on a
ton of iron used in the manufacture of stoves
would not amount to any more than the pur-
chaser of a stove could well bear.
That is the question, and the whole question,
as it stands. We looked at it with care and a
disposition to do what was right about it. We
had that gentleman before us. lie appeared to
be fiank and upught and manly, and perhaps it
was for the very reason that he was frank and
manly about itthat he entirely failed to satisfy us
on the subject. I think it had better stand as it is.
Mr. COWAN. 1 do not think my honorable
friend quite does justice to the gentleman who was
before us on the subject of stoves and hollow-
waiv. I recollect very distinctly that he gave as
a reason why this tax should not be raised that
it would lessen the consumption; that the people
who had a stove with a broken door or a cracked
plate would snuggle along With it for a long time
rather than pay an increased price for the article;
that they would get it mended rather than buy a
new one. That js, perhaps, the only argument
that can be adduced against the imposition of this
additional tax other than that suggested by the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island; and that
is, that it is more than is placed upon any other
article of the same kind and nature. I might add,
too, that it goes further than to the stove of the
poor man. It goes not only to his fireside, his
fireplace, but it goes to the pot and to the skillet
in which lus dinner is cooked, and to the pan in
which his beefsteak is fried. It covers all the
class of hollow-waie, which is especially the ne-
cessity and the property of the poor.
1 know of no reason why it should be taxed $5
a ton when other articles of the same material are
only taxed $3. I hope the Senate will reduce it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
and decided that the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HARRIS. If it be not too late I will call
for n division on that question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that it is rather
too late to call for adivision. The result was de-
clared deliberately.
The P RES I DING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question again if a division is demanded.
Mr. HARRIS. I wish to have another vote on
the question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We will fix it in the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. HARRIS. I am afraid you will have too
many things to fix there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as m
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in, there being,
on a division—ayes 16, noes 9
Mr. ANTHONY. On page 168, line sixteen,
there is a little grammatical error. It now reads,
"duplicate to the assistant assessors of the respect-
ive districts." It should read, " duplicate to the
assistant assessor of the district."
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think that is right.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is my amendment,
and the only one I expect to get in this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be considered as agreed to if there be no
objection.
Mr. DAVIS. I have two or three amendments
to offer, and I suppose the Senate might as well
dispatch one of them now as to wait until after
the recess. I move to insert the following as a
new section:
And he it further enacted, That the judge of each United
States district court shall appoint a commission to inquire
and report the nature, amount, ami value of any property
belonging in whole or m part to any loyal person that may
have been appiopriated or destroyed for the public service
by any military or naval officer, or any other person, under
the authoiity of tire United State*; and aUo the nature,
amount, and* description of any property belonging m whole
oi in part to any loyal person that may have been held, oc-
cupied, oi used for the public s>eivice by any military or
naval ofheer, or any other person, under the amnnrity of
the United States, and how much the use or occupation of
such property may hove been worth; and* also whether
any property so occupied or used was thereby damaged,
and the amount of such damage. And the communion
aforesaid shall repoit to the said judge as well in vacation
a^ m term time, who shall thereupon confirm said repoit,
or remand it lor further proceeding* ; and when the report
shall be confiimed by said jydge, it bhall be final and con-
. elusive between the United States and the owner ot own-
ers of said property. And in all ca^e* where the report
shows any amount to be coming to anv lojal owner or
owneis ot any propeity, upon the pieseutation of an offi-
cial copy thereoi, with a cop> of the order of the judge
confirming it, to the Trea^un-i of the United State*, at the
Treasury Depaitment, the amount reported in tavor of the
lojal owner or owners of such property shall be paid out
of any money in the Treasury collected and paid under thin
aet not otherwise appiopi i.ited.
I do not propose to debate the amendment. I
simply ask for a vote upon it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will offer another amendment
of the same character, except that it is restricted
to the State of Kentucky instead of being general
for the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator,
who is a constitutional lawyer, that all laws for
taxes must be uniform tluoughout the United
States, and I suppose this amendment proposes
to lay a tax on Kentucky. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. You will better understand I he
uniformity of it when you have heard it read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to insmt the following as a new section;
And l>cit further enacted* That the judge of the United
States district court of Ken tut ky shall appoint acoumik-Mon
to mquneand report the nature, amount, and value of^my
pioperty belonging, in whole oi m pait, to anvloyal person
that may have been, or that may he, appropuaied or de-
stroyed tor the public seiviee bj any mihiary or naval offi-
cer, or any other person undei the authority of the United
States in the State of Kentucky, and atao the nature, de-
scription, and quantity ot any property belonging m whole
or in pait to any loyal person or persons within the State
of Kentucky that may have been, or that shall be, lield,
acquued, oi used for the public setvice by any military or
n.tval officer, or other person under the authority of the
United States, and how much the use or occupation of such
property may have been worth, and also whether such
pioperty so occupied or u*ed was thereby damaged, and
the amount of any r-uch damage. And the -<ud commis-
sion shall report to the judge aforesaid as well in vacation
as term time, who shall thereupon eonfnm said repoit or
remand it for further proceedings; hut when the repoit
shall be confirmed by said judge it s-ha.ll be final and ton-
elusive between the United States and the owner or owners
of said property. And in all ca^es where said leport shows
any amount to be in favor of any loyal owner or owners of
any property, upon the presentation of an oifieial copy
thereof, u itli a copy of the order of the judge continuing
it. to the Treasurer of the United States at thoTieai-uiy
Department, the amount reported m favor of the I03 a I owner
or owners of such propeity shall be paid out of any money
in the Treasuiy, equal to the amount collected and paid ui
the State of Kentucky under thin act, except ->•> tar the
same may have been applied to the payment of tiro claims
of the people in that State and herein provided toi.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I will offci another amendment,
to insert the following as a new section:
And he it Juithcr enoiled, That no money raised under
this act shall ever be applied to pay or aub^iot any armed
