im
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 5^
38th Cong....K;t Sess.-
' Laios of the United States.
Ihe principal avenues- and streets of the said city-
are so cleaned and watered as to be at all times
reasonably clean and free from dust; and also to
keep the pavements'and side-walks upon said
avenues and streets at all times in suitable and
proper repair; and it shall further be the duty of
ihe said corporation to take such measures as they
shall deem wise,to promote some uniform and gen-
eral system of drainage for said city.
Seo. 3. *$nd be it further enacted, That in all
casesin which the streets, avenues, or alleys of
the said city pass through or by any of the prop-
erty of theXTnited States, the Commissioner of
the Public Buildings shall pay to the duly author-
ized officer of the corporation the just proportion
of the expense incurred in improving such avenue,
street, or alley, which the said property bears to
the whole cost thereof, to be ascertained in the
same manner as the same is apportioned among,
the individual proprietors of the- property im-
proved thereby.
Approved, May 5,1864.
Chap. LXXXII.—An Act for the Relief of the
Settlers upon certain Lands in California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, Thaf any.and all persons claiming,
whether as preemptors or settlers, or under any
grantor title, any of the lands included within
the exterior boundaries of a certain grant for the
rancho San Ramon, situate in the county of Con-
tra Costa, in California, made to Bartolo Pacheco
and Mariana Castro by Don Jose Figueroa, Gov-
ernor of Upper California, on or about the tenth
day of June, eighteen hundred and thirty-three,
and which claim, ortwo leagues thereof, has been
confirmed by the district court of the United
States in separate moieties, one in the name of
Horace W. Carpenter, and the other in the name
of Rafael Soto de Pacheco and others, by a decree
of said court made and entered on or about the
fourth day of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, shall have the right in all courts to contest
the correctness of the location of the lands ro
confirmed, within the said exterior boundaries,
notwithstanding any official or approved survey
thereof now made or hereafter to be made under
the said decree of confirmation, and notwithstand-
ing any stipulation or consent given by the dis-
trict attorney of the United States authorizing
such locutions.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enactedy That in case
it shall be found that the United States have title
to any of said lands withinrsaid exterior bounda-
ries, which have been settled upon and improved
by any person, in good faith, under a bona fide
claim of title, such occupant, and each settler upon
said lands so situated, shall be entitled to enter
and receive a patent for one hundred and sixty
acres of land, including his improvements, upon
payment, at the proper land office, of the Govern-
ment price of one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acre, and proving that he was one of the actual
and bona fide settlers on said lands, and had mdtle
improvements thereon before the passage of this
act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect immediately.
Approved, May 5, 18G4.
Chap. LXXXII I.—An Act to regulate the Ad-
measurement of Tonnage of Ships and Vessels
of the United States.  
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stalest>f America in Congress
assembled, That every ship or vessel built within
the United States, or that may be owned by a
citizen or citizcns thereof, on or after the first day
of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-Mvd, shall
be measured and registered in the manner hete-
inafter provided; also every ship or vessel that is
now owned by a citizen or citizens of the United
States shall bo remeasurcd and reregistered upon
her arrival after said day at a port of entry in the
United States, and prior to her departure there-
from, in the same manner as hereinafter de-
scribed: Provided, That any ship or vessel built
within the United States after the passage of this
act may be measured and registered in the man-
ner herein provided.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the re-
gister of every vessel shall express her length and
breadth, together with her depth and the height
under the third or spar deck, which shall be as-
certained in the following manner: The tonnage
d$ck, in vessels haying three or more decks to
the hull, shall be the second deck from below; in
all other cases the upper deck of the hull is to be
the tonnage deck. The length from the forepart
of the outer planking, on the side of the stem, to
theafterpart of the"main stem-post of screw steam-
ers, and to the afterpart of the rudder-post of all
other vessels measured on the top of the tonnage
deck, shall be accounted thevessel'slength. The
breadth of the broadest part on the outside of the
vessel shall be accounted the vessel's breadth o£
beam. A measure from the under side of ton-
nage-deck plank, amidships, to the ceiling of the
hold (average thickness) shall,be accounted the
depth of hold. If the vessel has a third deck,
then the height from the top of the tonnage-deck
plank to the under side of the upper-deck plank
shall be accounted as the height under the spar
deck. All measurement tone taken in feet and
fractions of feet; and all fractions of feet shall be
expressed in decimals.
Skc. 3. And be it further enacted, That the re-
gister tonnage of a vessel shall be her entire in-
ternal cubical capacity in tons of one hundred cubic
feet each, to be ascertained as follows: Measure
the length of the vessel in a straight line along
the upper side of the tonnage deck, from the in-
side of the inner plank (average thickness,) at the
side of the stem to the inside of the plank on the
stern timbers, (average thickness,) deductingfrom
this length what is due to the rake of the bow in
the thickness of the deck, and what is due to the
rake of the stern-timber in the thickness of the
deck, and also what is due to the rake of the stem-
timber inone thiid of the round of the beam; di-
vide the length so taken into the number of equal
parts required by the following table, accoiding
to the class in such table to which the vessel be-
longs:
table of classes.
Class 1.—Vessels of which the tonnage length
according to the above measurement is fifty feet
or under, into six equal parts.
Class 2.—Vessels of which the tonnage length
according to the above measurement is above fifty
feet, and notexceeding one hundred feet long, into
eight equal parts.
Class 3.—Vessels of which the tonnage length
according to the above measurement is above one
hundred feet long, and not exceeding one hun-
dred and fifty feet long, into ten equal parts.
Class 4.—Vessels of which the tonnage length
according to the above measurement is above one
hundred and fifty feet,and notexceeding two hun-
dred feet long, into twelve equal paits.
Class 5.—Vessels of which the tonnage length
according to the above measurement is above two
hundred feet, and not exceeding two hundred and
fifty feet long, into fourteen equal parts.
Class 6.—Vessels of which the tonnage length
according to the above measurements above two
hundred and fifty feet long, into sixteen equal
parts.
Then, the hold being sufficiently cleared to ad-
mit of the required depths and breadths being prop-
erly taken, find the tiansverse area of such vessel
at each point of division of the length as follows:
Measure the depth at each point of division
from a point at a distance of one third of the round
of the b&tm below such deck, or, in case of a
break, below a line stretched in continuation
thereof, to the upper side of the flooi-timber, at
the inside of the hmber-strake, after deducting
the average thickness of the ceiling, which is be-*
tween the bilge-planks and limber-stiake; then,
if the depth at the midship division of the length
do not exceed sixteen feet, divide each depth into
four equal parts; then measure the inside hoii-
zontal breadth, at each of the three points of di-
vision, and also at the upper and lower points of
the depth, extending each measurement to the
average thickness of thatpartof the ceiling which
is between the points of measurement; number
these breadths from above, (numbering the up-
per breadth one, and so on down to the lowest
breadth;) multiply the second and fourth by four,
and the third by two; add these products together.
and to the sum add the first breadth and the last,
or fifth; multiply the quantity thus obtained by
one third of the common interval between the
breadths, and the product shall be deemed the
transverse area; but if the midship depth exceed
sixteen feet, divide each depth into six equal parts,
instead of four, and measure, as before directed,
the horizontal breadths at the five points of divis-
ion, and also at the upperand lower points of the
depth; number them from above as before; mul-
tiply the second, fourth, and sixth, by four,and
the third and fifth by two; add these products to-
gether, and to the sum add the first breadth and
the last, or seventh; multiply the quantities thus
obtained by one third of the common interval be-
tween the breadths, and the product shall be
deemed the transveise area.
Having thus ascertained the transverse area at
each point of division of the length of the vessel,
as required above, proceed to ascertain the regis-
ter tonnage of the vessel in the following manner:
Number the areas successively one, two, three,
&c., number one being atthe extreme limit of the
length at the bow, and the last number at the ex-
treme limit of the length at the stern; then whether
the length be divided according to table, into six
or sixteen parts, as in classes one and six, or
any intermediate number,as iii classes two, three,
four, and five, multiply the second, and every even-
numbered area, by four, and the third and every
odd-numbered area (except the first and last) by
two; add these products together, and to the sum
add the firstand last, if they yield anything; mul-
tiply the quantities thus obtained by one third of
the common interval between the areas, and the
product will be the cubical contents of the space
under the tonnage deck; divide this product by
one hundred, and the quotient, being the tonnage
under the tonnage deck, shall be deemed to be
the register tonnage of the vessel, subject to the
additions hereinafter mentioned.
If them be a break, a poop, dr any other per-
manent ciosed-in space on the upper decks, on
the spar deck, available for cargo, or stores, or
f«>r the berthing or accommodation of passengers
or crew, the tonnage of such space shall be ascer-
tained as follows:
Measure the internal mean length of such
space in feet, and divide it into an even number
ofequal parts of which the distance asundershall
be most neaily equal to those into which the length
of the tonnage deck has been divided; measure
at the middle of its height the inside breadths,
namely, one at each end and ateach of the points
of division, numbering them successively one,
two, three, &c.; then to the sum of the end
breadths add four times the sum of the even-
numbered breadths and twice the sum of the odd-
numbered breadths, except the first and last, and
multiply the whole sum by one thiid of the com-
mon interval between the breadths; the p#oduct
will give the mean horizontal area of such space;
then measuie the mean heightbetween the planks
of the decks, and muliply by it the mean hori-
zontal area; divide the product by one hundred,
and the quotient shall be deemed to be the ton-
nage of such space, and shall be added to the
tonnage under the tonnage decks, ascertained as
aforesaid.
If a vessel has a third deck, or spar deck, the
tonnage of the space between it and the tonnage
deck shall bo ascertained'as follows:
Measure in feet the inside length of the space,
at the middle of its height, from the plank at the
side of the stem, to the plank on the timber* at
the stern, and divide the length into the same num-
ber of equal parts into which the length of the
tonnage deck is divided; measure (also at the
middle ofits height) the inside breadth of the space
ateach of the points of division, also the breadth
of the stem and the breadth at the stern; number
them successively one, two, three, and so forth,
commencing at the stem; multiply the second,
and ail other even-numbeied breadths by four, and
the third, and all the otherodd-numbered breadths
(except the first and last) by two; to the sum of
these products add the first and last breadths,
multiply the whole sum by one third of the com-
mon interval between (he breadths, and the result
will give, in superficial feet, the mean horizontal
aiea of &uc!t space: measme the mean height be-
tween the plank of the two decks, and multiply
