1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
the most repulsive and forbidding features of that
heathenish practice; a slavery thateverdrips with
human blood, and fills the wholo air with the
groans of its victims.
Such is the acknowledged corner-stone of that
empire; and are there any that would notrelieve
these victims from such masters? Ours is the
home of the oppressed of all lands, and shall it
afford no relief to the oppressed of our own ? A
shame that we have so long belied our profes-
sions! A shameand a disgrace that the great Amerr
ican Republic should suffer its free Constitution
to be made the bulwark of tyranny! We have
tolerated this fallacy of one man owning another
too long. It is utterly indefensible on any ground,
and will bring troubleupon any people that adopt
it. There is a principle of compensation running
through all nature that will not permit the viola-
tion of & law with impunity. The reverse tide
may be slow, but it is sure to come. I doubt not
the next generation of people in Kentucky will
wonder that their distinguished Representative
on this floor, [Mr. Clay,] in the third ycarof this
slaveholders' rebellion, should talk so confidently
about property in man. Why, it is self-evident
that liberty is an inalienable right, no matter
what custom may happen to prevail in the border
States, or in the Barbary States, or in any other
States.
Gentlemen are constantly reverting to some old
condition of things, and claiming that we should
shape our conduct by what some others have said
or done here or elsewhere under other circum-
stances. As for me, sir, I have no more regard
for precedents hi these times than had ourcolonial
ancestors when they declared the great truth that
" all men are created equal." They had the cour-
age thus to strike down the ancient theoretical
distinctions of blood. All the notions of all the
nations in all the centuries touching royalty and
nobility were swept from the New World on the
4th of July, 1776, and the Old World il learning
the lesson slowly. Precedent is only respectable
when it accords with right reason. No matter
how many examples may be cited to sustain
slavery, men are now looking at it in the light of
reason. Its pangs are not at all alleviated be-
cause of the multitudes that have suffered them.
" Slavery, tliou art a bitter diaught;
And though thousands in all ages
Have been made to drink of thee,
Thou art no less bitter on that account.''
In the United States of America slavery has
forfeited every semblance of right to recognition;
and I regret that our worthy President has seen
fit since this war began to give it any countenance
in his publicacts. The proclamation would have
been still more palatable had it contained only the
words, " Slavery has undertaken to destroy the
Republic, therefore slavery shall be destroyed.
Done: Abraham Lincoln.
Mr. Speaker, if you would put an end to this
cruel war be sure in good faith to take good care
of these oppressed people. Arm the men. Put
sharp weapons in every brawny hand among
them; and then soon will the ex-Secretary of War
cry out to his followers, in the language of his
great prototype:
"Long is the tvay,
And hard, that out of hell leads' up to light."
Mr. KALBFLEISCH obtained the floor.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution relative to the transfer
of persons in the military service to the naval
service; in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
GRANT OF LAND.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill making a grant of land to the Lake
Superior and Mississippi Railroad Company, in
the State of Minnesota, to aid in the construction
of the railroad of said company from St. Paul
to Lake Superior; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
PENSIONS.
Mr. GR1NNELL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of the
Slate of Iowa in relation to pensions to the widows
of deceaaed chaplainsund surgeonsiu the Army;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
SHIP CAN All.
Mr. GRINNELL, by unanimous consent, also
presented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Iowa relative to the construction of a ship canal
from the lakes to the Mississippi river, and the
improvement of the upper and lower rapid3 of the
Mississippi river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
"WAGON ROAD IN IOWA.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Koads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of constructing a
wagon road from the Missouri river, by way of Neabralie,
to Virginia City, in the Territory of Idaho.
TRANSFER OF MEN.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent to take
fromthe Speaker's table a jointresolution (S.No.
28) relative to the transfer of men from the mili-
tary service to the naval service.
Objection was made.
Mr. HIGBY. If gentlemen will hear my rea-
sons, I think they will not object. The object
of the resolution is to give power to the Execu-
tive to transfer men to such war vessels as are
now without men, that they may be sent imme-
diately to California and the Pacific coast. It is
an absolute necessity that this should be done.
The quicker it is done the sooner the Govern-
ment can act.
Mr. COX. I must object. The bill ought to
go to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. £>EMING. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee oil .Military Affairs, with leave to
report to-moirow morning.
Mr. COX. There is no objection to that.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OYER.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns to-morrow it adjourn to meet on
Tuesday next.
The motion was not agreed to.
SUBSTITUTES AND RECRUITS.
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution'; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
directed to inquire whether any further legislation is neces-
sary to prevent substitute and recruiting brokers from pur-
chasing Mibstitutes and recruits from one township, ward,
or distiict, to be credited to the quota of another; and re-
port by bill or otherwise.
CHANGE or NAME OF SCHOONER.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill to change the
name of the American-built schooner Starlight
to that of Joseph Brady; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The motion I made to ad-
journ over was not put in the way 1 made it. I
move that when the House adjourns to-day it ad-
journ to meet on Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Such a motion
is not in order. The House cannot decide to-day
what it will do to-morrow.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at forty-five minutes
past four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 19, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. S. D. Burchard,D. D., of New
York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota in favor of a grant of
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad from
the Mississippi river to Lake Superior. As the
committee have already reported on the subject I
move that the memorial be laid on the table and
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota in favor of the early
payment of the damages sustained by citizen's pf
that State by the Sioux Indian war of J862 out
of the property of the destroyers now under the .
control of the Government; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota in favor of the erection of a
line of military posts from Fort Abercrombie,
in Dakota Territory, to Bannock City, in Idaho
Territory; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented three memorials of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota in favor of the establishment
of mail routes from Carver via Waconia to Wa-
tertown; from Hastings via Empire City, Farm-
ington, and Lakeville, to Shakopee in Scott
county; and from Faxon via Glencoe and Ko-
niska, to Hutchinson, McLeod county, in that
State; which were referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HARLAN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Iowa in favor of allowing pensions
to the widows of chaplains and surgeons in the
Army who may die while in the service of the
United States; and in favor of the construction
of a ship canal from the lakes to the Mississippi •
river, and the improvement of the upper and
lower rapids of that river; which were ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of Horace
Binney and others of Philadelphia, praying that
such a tax may be imposed upon the circulation
of banks chartered by State Legislatures as will
cijmpel them to call in all their issues, and insure
a uniform national currency; "which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolutions; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 206) in addition to an act for the
establishment of certain arsenals;
A joint resolution (No. 31) making appropria-
tion for the payment of taxes on certain lands
owned by the United States; and
A jointresolution (No. 36) to construe the third
section of the act approved July 17,1862, entitled
"An act toamendtheact calling forth the militia
to execute the laws of the Union, suppress in-
surrection, and repel invasion, approved Febru-
ary 28, 1795, and the actamendatory thereof, and
for other purposes," so as to provide for the pay-
ment of bounties to all classes of troops called
out under the provisions of that section.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a bill ($. No.
73) to enable the trustees of Blue Mont College
to perfect the title to their lands, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was leferred a bill (H. R. No.
120) to reestablish the principal port of entry for
the district of Champlain at Plattsburg, and for
other purposes, reported it without amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a reso-
lution to print live hundred copies of the report of
the chief engineer of the Washington aqueduct,
to report it back without amendment and recom-
mend its passage, and I ask for its present con-
sideration. The printing will cost ten dollars.
There being no objection, the resolution waa
considered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Interior
Department live hundred copies of the report of the cliiof
engineei of the Washington aqueduct.
CASE OF II. C. DE ALMA.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Cairns, to
whom was referred the petition of Henry Charles
De Alma, have directed me to ask that they be
discharged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia. It does not seem to be a proper
petition to be referred to the Committee on Claims.
