2766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
imprisonment, want, wasting disease, and a pre-
mature death, though the confederates refused to
exchange ail negro prisoners and their officers, es-
tablished by Lincoln and Stanton, was not only
cruel but it was murderous. It was their high duty
to make every effort for the safety of the negro
prisoners and their white officers, but the deten-
tion as prisoners, or even the execution of one or
two hundred, or any number of them, by the
rebels, in no degree mitigates the conduct of our
authorities in permitting eight thousand of our
white troops, who might have been exchanged,
to perish in such horrible captivity. Their suffer-
ings and death in no degree mitigated the captivity
or death of the negro soldiers and their officers.
If the negro had not had arms placed in his
hands, this deplorable history would never have
been made.
I will name another case to illustrate the mis-
taken policy of Incorporating into our armies ne-
gro soldiers. We read that General Wild com-
manded some negro forces down in the front of
Richmond. He had a conflict with the enemy.
Some of his troops were captured by the rebels,
and his corps captured some of them. It has
been published, and 1 have heard itstated in con-
versation, that General Butler, commanding that
department, heard that the negro troops captured
from General Wild's corps had been put to death
by the rebels. Immediately he sent forward and
reclaimed the rebel captivus, whom he had oidered
to some position up the liver or North, I do not
recollect where, with a view, if he ascertained that
any of those negro troops had been put to death,
to apply the bloody anu ferocious law of retalia-
tion to the rebel captives.
Sir, is this war to degenerate into a war of re-
taliation, of no quarter and general carnage? if
that is to be the savage and ferocious principle—
exploded ages and generations ago from all mod-
ern and civilized warfare—how shall it be applied,
and to what extent? I admit the obligation im-
posed both by policy and humanity upon the
General Government to protectall of its soldiery
so far as itcan do it without committing horrible
outrage upon humanity. If the rebel troops put
negro prisoners to death, and they who do the
foul deed could be captured and identified, al-
though I, with every man of common humanity,
would feel shocked at the application ol that atro-
cious law, I would not enter at least any open pro-
test against their execution, but at the same tnne
I would feel that it would outrage all humanity,
that it would violate and shock the universal sen-
timent of Christendom; and if that principle of
warfare is introduced info this contest and spreads,
it will inevitably call the nations of the Christian
and civilized world to interpose in the cause and
for the protection of universal humanity.
But, sir, if those who murder the prisoners
cannot be identified and the foul cruelty and crime
fixed upon them, would our authorities put to
death innocent men1' Butler, i suppose, would;
but i do not believe that the President of the
United States could bo brought to assent to it.
Stanton might. Butler would, I have no doubt, if
allowed, bring up and array in line men who were
innocent of the crime, and because they belonged
to the army that perpetrated that foul and bloody
crime would himself have these innocent men
bound, blindfolded, and put to death by theguns
of a file of soldiery of equal or double their num-
bers. I maintain that such an act would be a cruel
and a bloody and a most outrageous murder.
The returned rebel prisoners could not be guilty,
because the ciime was committed aftei they had
been captured. Sir, the soldioism neither army
are free agents. They are subject to the will and
command, at the peril of life, of those who com-
mand them. It may be possible that some man
who is a brute and a monster among the rebel
soldiers—I do not know whether it is true or not
—would, in cold blood, order the murder of these
negio prisoners. If you can get the man who or-
dered the deed to be done, or those who volun-
tarily took part in it, they aie the proper subjects
for retributive,'stern, and, if you please, bloody
justice. But an unwilling instrument, a mere
machine, n greater slave than the negio evei was 
because every soldier is a greater slave, be he
black or white, to his commander and to the mil-
itary authorities under which he is placed than
any man can be in any other condition—the man
who is thus forced by the ngor of the universal
rule of military law to execute the order of his
superior, or himself to be executed and his life to
be taken for disobedience to orders or mutiny,
should not be held responsible. This is true es-
pecially in regard to men who had no part in the
horrible transaction and were not present when
it was enacted, whose souls revolt at such a deed
as much as yours or anybody's; because they
happened to belong to the same army, that they
should be deliberately brought up and marshaled
in a line of death, and a brute, clothed with a lit-
tle brief authority, should undertake to immolate
them, to murder them simply because they be-
longed to the same cause, is an actamong the most
atrocious that can be conceived.
Now, sir, the employment-of this most ex-
pensive and inefficient soldiery has brought our
country and our Government into that cruel di-
lemma. There is another point of view in which
I object to the enlistment of the negro—its cruelty
to him. The system has been pretty much from
the start, and before any authority of law, for
certain regiments and corps to receive all this pop-
ulation that would flock to their camps. I saw
it done before the President was authorized by
the first act upon the subject to organize negroes
for the service of the United States. I saw on
one occasion, in my native town,sixty or seventy
negro men inveigled into the camp of a regiment,
mid move off with it in its march toward Tennes-
see. I knew many of the owners of those negioes,
and the most of them were true, loyal, Union
men. They sought the commander, a Colonel
Adkins, of the State of Illinois, and asked per-
mission to go in his camp and to take their slaves
home. lie denied them that right. They com-
menced proceedings in our civil courts against
him, and went with the officers of the law, bear-
ing the proccss of a sovereign State in their hands,
and sought to have this process executed upon
the colonel, and to replevy the slaves from him.
Roth wcie denied them, and I saw soldieis, by
the command of ins subordinate officers, present
their bayonets and foice the officer of the law
from the ranks in the execution of this process.
Sir, there were many officers and soldiers from
the northern and northwestern States in Kentucky
who demeaned themselves m the most proper
^ind exemplary manner; regiments from Indi-
ana, Ohio, and other States. Theie was a Col-
onel Pierce, of the veteran twenty-ninth Massa-
chusetts. lie commanded the post in my town
six or seven months. lie was a soldier and a
gentleman. He knew his own duties and pow-
ers, and he respected ihe authority of Kentucky
and the rights of her loyal people. So of another
Massachusetts colonel and his regiment that were
stationed for a consideiable timem Mt. Sterling.
Our people regretted when these patriotic, soldiers
and true gentlemen left, and cherish lor them
pleasant ami grateful recollections. This state-
ment applies also to Colonels Harris, Sill, Yan-
dever, Norton, and Fyfe, of Ohio, and Cuitin,
ol Pennsylvania, and their noble commands, and
many others that 1 could name, and particularly
from Indiana.
Hut, sir, the number of negroes that have per-
ished prematurely by exposure, by want, by
starvation, disease, and pestilence, from being se-
duced to go to the armies and the camps of the
United States soldiers cannot be numbeied with
any proximate certainty; but it is great, fearfully
great. I have no doubt that the prematuredeaths
resulting from these causes, among the whole
mass of negro population in all the localities
where the armies of the United States have held
post, and have moved, would number from one
to two hundred thousand, judging from the sta-
tistics 1 have seen of particular localities. The
privations, the suffering, the disease, that they
never would otherwise have been subjected to,
and the premature mortality resulting to these
unfortunate people by being thus connected with
the armies of the United States, in its mass is in-
calculably greater than would have befallen them
m centuries of slaveiy as it exists in the southern
States.
Why, sir, about Vicksburg and Port Hudson,
and down about Berwick bay, large numbeis of
old men and women and children were literally
starved to death, died in the woods or on the
river side or the beach from exposure, want,
and disease, without any attention whatever. A
I gentleman from the locality of Berwick bay in-
formed me that many women who passed with
General Bunks when he retreated at one time
across Berwick bay threw their children with
perfect callousness into the bay to perish; and
that around all those localities there had been
such mortality among this then n@rn.adic and
neglected population, going out in secret places,
in bushes, in covers formed under the banks of
the liver, wherever they could find a shelter fi om
the sun, and falling down and unable to procced
further, lay thickly over the whole locality, and,
dying, the atmosphere had become most offens-
ive frbm the effluvia of their decaying bodies.
Now, sir, I think that this mistaken and deplor-
able policy ought to be reversed. 1 think that
the Government ought to retrace its steps in rela-
tion to the enlistment of negroes as soldiers. They
never have and they never will prove themselves
when they are broughtinto conflict with the white
man anything like as effective. If the white man
could not have been had m sufficient numbeis to
havo filled up our armies for the prosecution of
this war, and there was no other resort, there
might have been some plea, some pretext for re-
sorting to the negro. You give him now the fame
pay, &c., that you do the white man; and that
is so large, so much greater m our service to that
of any other Government m the world, that while
so much inducement is offered to the white men
theie can always be obtained enough of soldiers
of that superior race. They are more efficient,
they me less wasteful of all the supplies of a sol-
dier, they are more economical in every sense of
the word.
The employment of negroes as teamsters or
laboreis would not shock or violate the rights of
any portion of the community justly, in that
sort of employment they would be useful, valua-
ble. 1 suppose there are as many white men now
performing these more menial and less soldierly
offices as there are negroes in the service; and if
the negioes, instead of being diessed up in uni-
form and armed v. ith mueketand sword and straps
upon their shoulders, had been put to the offices
oi* labor, it would have relieved as many white
men from theperformanceof those menial offices,
and would have placed them in the ranks wheie
they would have been much more effective as a
soldiery than the negroes who would have been
thereby displaced.
1 have no hope, Mr. President, of reaching the
understanding or producing conviction with any
man who is not already satisfied on this subject;
but 1 think it due to the occasion, due to myself,
due to my people, due to my country and to its
Govei nment, to present to the Senate these or any
other pertinent lacts touching upon this problem
of making a soldier of the negro.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it is my pur-
pose to occupy but for a moment the tune of
the Senate at this hottrby replying to theiemarks
made in support of this pioposition. We have
in our employment seventy thousand colored sol-
diers. We have fifty or sixty thousand colored
men in othei employments connected with the
Army; and the ISecietary of War said to me the
other day that he wished he could gel forty tlmu-
sand more as laborers. He would take all he could
get, and we need thousands more than we can ob-
tain. Prom Cairo to New Oi leans, the M ississippi
at nearly every point is guarded by colored sol-
diers. The localities are unhealthy. These sol-
diers have been forced to work night and day to
throw up fortifications and do the drudgeiy ot the
Army. They have suffered, toiled, labored as no
troops in the seivice have toiled and laboied. We
have lost unquestionably a great many of them on
the Mississippi, as we have on the Atlantic coast,
for wherever there is a colored regiment, and there
is drudgery to do, the drudgery is pntnpon them.
But, sir, I rose to send to the Chair a letter sent
to me a fewdaysago by Adjutant General Thom-
as, who knows all about this question. He has
bcenengaged for nionthsin raising colored troop??,
in observing their conduct and their action, and
| he is about going tj Kentucky to raise seveiai
colored legmients in that Stale.
i The PRESIDENT pio tempore. The letter
will be read, if the re be no ohjucion.
The Secretary read, as follows:
War dep.uitmknt, adjutant gcnkrat/s Office,
wasiiivoion, May 30, 1864.
Dear Sir: Oa several occasion* ivh"n on the Mississippi
river I contemplated wiiting to you Kspectiug the coinicri
