1G2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 16,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
bia, such sum only as it shall reasonably and
actually cost to subsist them. And itshall be the
duty or the Secretary of the Interior to prescribe
such rules and regulations for the government of
the marshals and the warden of the jail in the
District of Columbia, in relation to their duties
under this act, as will enable him to determine
the actual find reasonable expense incurred.
Seq. 4. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the warden of the jail in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, whenever any person confined
in said jail shall be adjudged to suffer death, to
carry such judgment into execution; but nothing
in this act nor an act to authorize the appoint-
ment of a warden of the jail inthn District of Co-
lumbiajapproved February twenty-nine, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, shall be construed to
impair or interfere with the authority of the mar-
shal of the said District to commit persons to said
jail, or to produce them in open court or before
any judicial officer when thereto required. And
it shall be the duty of the warden of said jail to
receive such prisoners, and to deliver them to said
marshal or his duly authorized deputy, on the
written requestof either,for the purpose of taking
them before any court or judicial officer as afore-*
said.
Sec. J). And be it further enacted, Thatthe office
of warden of the penitentiary in the District of
Columbia shall, from and after the passage of this
act, be suspended4 and the salary and emoluments
(hereof cease, during the time in which there shall
be no penitentiary used in said District.
Approved, May 12, 1864.
Ciiap. LXXXVI.—An Act relating to Appoint-
ments in the Naval Service and Courts-Martial.
Be it cnuctr.d by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled, That hereafter all appointments in the
volunteer naval service of the United States, above
the rank of acting master, shall be submitted to
the Senate for confirmation, in the same way and
maimer as appointments in the regular .Navy are
required to bo submitted.
Sec. 2. And be it furihtr enacted, That naval
courts-martial shall have power to sentence offi-
cers who shall absent themselves from their com-
mands without leave, to be reduced to the rating
of ordinary seamen,
APP^oveo, May UI, 1^64.
Chap. LXXXVI I.—An Act to establish a Postal
Money-Order System.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Ainerica in Congress
assembled, That to promote public convenience,
and to insure greater security in the transfer of
money through the United States mails, the Post-
master General is hereby authorized to establish,
under such rules and regulations as he may find
expedient and necessary, a uniform money-order
system at till post oiTices which he may deem
suitable therefor, and which shall be designated
and known us " M onoy-Order Offiees;"nnd u shall
he the duty nf the deputy postmaster at every
money-order ofii.ee to issue, in such manner and
form as the PostmasterGenerjl may prescribe, an
order for a sum of money payable by the deputy
postmasterofany other money-order office which
the person applying therefor may select; and the
deputy postmaster who issues such order shall be
required to send thron-rh the moil-, Without d-")ny,
to the deputy postmaster on whom it is duuvn,
due notice thereof, and he shall not deliver such
order to the applicant therefor until tho latter shall
firsthavedeposited withhimtheamountof money
for which such order is drawn, together with the
proper charge or fee therefor, as hereinafter pro-
vided. And it shall not be lawful for any deputy
postmaster to issue a money-order on any other
deputy postmaster without having previously re-
ceived the money therefor; and any person who
shall violate this provision shall be deemed guilty
of misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall
be fined in any sum not less than fifty nor more
than five hundred dollars.
Bsc. :2. JSndbe.it further enacted, Thata money-
order shall not be valid or pay; hie unless it be
drawn on a printed or engraved form, whichshall
be furnished to the moncy-oruer offices by the
Postmaster General; and itshall he the duty of
tho latter to supply such offices also with the
blank forms of application for money-orders, one
of which the deputy postmastershall hand to each
applicant foramoney-order.whoshallbe required
to enter, or cause to be entered, therein his own
name and the name and address of t)ie party to
whom the order is to be paid, together with the
amount thereof and the date of application. And
all such applications, when filled up and delivered
to tlie deputy postmaster, shall be preserved on
file at his office for such length of time as the
Postmaster General may prescribe.
Sec. 3. Andbe itfarther enacted,That no money-
order shall be issued for any sum less than one
or more than thirty dollars; and all persons who
receive money-orders shall be required to pay
therefor the following charges or fees, viz: For
an order for one dollar, or for any larger sum,
but not exceeding ten dollars, a fee of ten cents
shall be charged and exacted by the postmaster
giving such order; for an order of more than ten
and not exceeding twenty dollars, the charge shall
be fifteen cents; and for every order exceeding
twenty dollars a fee of twenty cents shall be
charged.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if the
purchaser of a money-order, from having made
an error in stating the name of the officc of pay-
ment, or the name of the payee, or for other rea-
sons, be desirous that the said money-order be
modified or changed, it shall be the duty of the
deputy postmaster from whom he received it to
take back, at his request, the first order, and is-
sue another in lieu thereof, for which a new fee
shall bo charged and exacted; and it shall also be
the duty of a deputy postmaster to repay the
amount of any money-order to the person who
obtained it, if the latter apply for such repayment
and leturn the money-order; but tlie charge or
fee paid thereforshall not many ease be refunded.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if any
money-order be not piesented to the deputy post-
master on whom it is drawn within ninety days
after its date, it shall not bo valid or payable; but
the Postmaster General shall be and lie is hereby,
authorized, on application of the payee of such
money-order, to cause a new order in lieu thereof
to be issued in his favor, for which a second fee
shall be exacted. And the Postmaster General
is further authorized, whenever a money-order
shall have been lost, to cause a duplicate thereof
to bo issued, for winch a second fee shall be paid
on application of the remitter or of the payee of
such order, provided tho party losing the original
shall furnish a statement, under oath oraffirma-
tion, setting forth the loss or destruction thereof,
and fi certificate from the postmaster by whom it
was payable that it had not been paid, and that
it would not thereafter be paid.
Sec. G. And be it jiai'icr enacted, That the
payee of a money-nrder may, by his written in-
dorsement theieon, direct it lo be paid to any other
person, and it Khali be tho duty of the deputy
postmaster on whom it is ordered to pay the amount
theteof to the person thus dcsign-ited, provided
the person to whom the money-order is indorsed
shnli furnish such proof as the Postmaster Gen-
eral may require that, the written indorsement is
genuine, and that he is the person thereby em-
powered to receive payment of the order; but
such second person shall not be at liberty to in-
dorse the same order to a third party, and more
than one indorsement shall render any order in-
valid, and not payable, and the holder thereof,
in order to obtain the amount of the order shall
be required to apply in writing to the Postmaster
General for a new order in lieu thereof, for which
new order a second fee shall be charged: Pro-
vided, however, That in all cases, under this sec-
tion, the original order shall be returned, and such
proof shaH be made of the genuineness of tlie in-
dorsement thereon as thePostmasterGeneral may
require.
Sec. 7. And be it further cnactcd, That deputy
postmasters, at money-order offices, may be al-
lowed by the Postmaster General, as a compen-
sation for the issuing and paying of money-orders,
not exceeding one third of the whole amount of
foes on money-orders issued, and, at the option
of the Postmaster General, one eighth of one per
centum on the gross amount of orders paid at
their offices: Provided, That all emoluments aris-
ing from such rales of compensation shall he
subject to thfe provisions of the forty-first section
oftheactofthirdof March, eighteen hundred and
twenty-five, entitled "An act to reduce into one
the several acts establishing the Post Office Depart-
ment."
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Postmaster General to require
all postmasters who may be authorized to issue
and pay money-orders, to execute new official
bonds conditioned for the faithful performance of
all duties and obligations imposed by this act, m
addition to those required of them by existing laws
as postmasters; and it shall be the duty of the
Postmaster General to direct all payments or trans-
fers to or from money-order offices. He may
direct transfers of money-order funds from one
postmaster to another, and he may require a sd
direct transfers or payments to be made fiomthe
funds received for money-orders to creditors of
the Post Office Department, to be replaced by
equivalent transfers from the funds of said De-
partment arising from postages; and he may re-
quire and direct transfers of payments to be made
from the funds of the Post Office Department in
the hands of any postmaster arising from post-
ages to-the money-order offices. And it shall be
the further duty of the Postmaster General tore-
quire each postmaster to render to the Auditor
of the Treasury for the Post Office Department
weekly, semi-weekly, or daily accounts of all
money-orders issued and paid, and of all fees re-
ceived for issuing fhens, of hH transfers, or pay-
ments mndofvoni funds received for money-orders,
and of all moneys received to be applied to tho
payment of money-orders, or on account of money-
order offices.
Sec. 9. And be it farther enacted, That out of
the moneys paid into the Treasury for the service
of tlie Post Office Department the Postmaster
General .shall have power to transfer to the deputy
postmaster of any money-order office such sum
as may be required, over and above the current
revenue thereof to pay money-orders drawn on
the latter; and such transfers shall be made by
warrant on the Treasury by the PostmasferGen-
eral, and countersigned and regisk'i"d by the
Auditor of the Treasury tor tho Post Office Depart-
ment.
Sec. 10. And be it fiirther enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Auditoi of tlie Treasury for
the Post Oilice Department to receive all accounts
arising m the money-order offices, or relative
thereto, and to audit and settle the same, and to
certify their balances to the Postmaster General
as often as he may require. He .shall keep and
preserve all accounts arising jn said offices, and
shall report to the Postmaster Geneial all delin-
quencies ot postmasters m rendering their money-
order accounts, or m paying over money-order
funds. He shall keep the accounts of the money-
order offices separately from the accounts for post-
ages, anil in such manner as to show the num-
ber and amount of money-orders issued by taeh
postmaster, and the number and amount of money-
orders paid, the amount of fees received, and all
the expenses of the establishment. And ji shall
be tlie further duty of the Auditor to superin-
tend the collection of ell dr Uts <lu; to the United
States, or to the Post Office Department, by pres-
ent or late postmasters, ot other persons who are
or may have been employed :n the money-order
offices. He shall direct suits and legal pioccul-
ings, and take all such measures as may be au-
thorized by law to enforce the payment of such
debts, or for the recovery of any penalties arising
under the provisions of this act.
See. 11. And be it further enacted, That all
moneys received for the sale of money-ordeis,
including all fees received for selling the same,
all moneys transferied from tlie funds of the Post
Office Department to the money-order offices, all
funds tiansferied or paid from the money-order
offices to the use and service of the Posi Office
Department, and all transfers of funds from one
postmaster to another for the use of the money-
order offices, shall be deemed and taken to be tho
moneys in the Treasury of the United Sn^s.
And if any postmaster, assistant, clerk, or ..rher
person employed in or connected with the busi-
ness or operations of the money-older offices,shall
