flU:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
This man does not ask any pay for anything, but
he complains that lie has been grievously misused
by the Senate in being rejected as a brigadier, and
Jjy General Halleck, who he says Has prevented
lum from gaining distinction in the Army or an
honorable death; and he asks that the Committee
on Military Affairs may be directed to inquire into
it. The Committee on Claims have no objection
to his getting an honorable death at their hands,
if he desires it. [Laughter.] So we ask to be
discharged, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for a division of that
question so that we may vote firston discharging
the committee and then 011 the question whether
such a petition ought to be received.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A division being
called for, the first question is on the motion to
discharge the Committee 011 Claims from the fur-
ther consideration of tins petition.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs 011 the motion to refer it to the Committee
011 Military Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move that the petition
be indefinitely postponed. It is a petition here
remonstrating against the action of the Senate in
executive session. It ought not to be received.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The petition goes a little
further. The petitioner complains of his treat-
ment before he got to the Senate, and he wants
the Senate Military Committee to investigate it.
The motion to postpone indefinitely was agreed
to.
J. 0. Ct. KENNEDY.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee 011 Claims to report the following resolu-
tion, and to ask for its present consideration:
Resoluetly That the Committee on Claims be uud they ^ne
hereby authoiized to hear and lepoit upon ihe elium of Jo-
seph 0. G. Kennedy leiative to his salary a* -ecictary 01
the Census Hoard and superintending eleik on the census.
Mr. 1IALE. Let that lie over. It is an im-
portant mutter.
Mi*. ANTHONY. It is merely to take juris-
diction.
Mv. 1IALE. i know that.
Mr. ANTHONY. The claim is before the com-
mittor), and the committee had a little doubt
whether it did not require a resolution to enable
them to lake jurisdiction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not admit
of debate if objection is made.
Mr. HALE. I will ler it be considered now,
but i want to say that i was so much impressed
with the suggestions nuide by my friend Ciom
Connecticut [Mr. Kosiifai] the other day in ic-
gard to Brown's case that he entirely cunveited
me as to the impropuety of taking these things
from the Court of Claims, and taking cognizance
of them in the Senate.
Mr. KOSTELi. I am very sorry the Senator
from New IJLunpshhe did not give me the bene-
fit of jus vote immediately after ins conversion.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CLARK. I will simply say to the Sonat
that this ease involves no question of jaet, but
merely the construction ofaiaw,so tfiat it is un-
necessary to take any testimony before the court.
Mr. HALE. 1 confess the longer I think of
what the Senator from Connecticutsaid, the more
I am impressed with it, and the only reason why
I did not ixive him the benefit of my vote the other
day — and I say this in all faith — was that I
thought that was so clear a ease that it did not
require any fuither investigation; but I think on
the whole the precedent is a bad one; it led us into
difficulty then, and I guess we had better adhere
to the law.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the judgment of the
committee will be accepted by the Senate. The
committee ask for this.
The resolution was rejected—ayes seven, noes
not counted.
Mr. HALE subsequently said: I desire to make
a privileged motion. 1 voted wall the majority
on the lesolution of the Senator from Rhode
Island, and after an explanation of his I am sat-
isfied th'fit it may possibly work injustice. J/move
to reconsider the vote by which the Senate ie~
fused toauihoiize (he Committee on Claims to
take cognizance of Mr. Kennedy's claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be enteied.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were read twice by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia:
A bill (No. 206) in addition to an act for the
establishment of certain arsenals; and
A joint resolution (No. 36) to construe the third
section of the act approved July 17, 1862, enti-
tled "An act to amend the act calling forth the
militia to execute the lawsof the Union, suppress
insurrection, and repel invasion, approved Feb-
ruary 28, 1795, and the act amendatory thereof,
and lor other purposes," so as to provide for the
payment of bounties to all classes of troops called
out under the piovisions of that section.
NOTICE Of1 A BILL.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, gave notice of his in-
tention to ask leave to introduce a bill providing
for an appropriation for the erection of a post
office and court-house buildingat the seat of gov-
ernment of the State of Kansas.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
127) to authorize the transfer of indictments from
the district to the circuit courts of the United
States; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
128) to provide for the renting of abandoned
lands, tenements, and houses in insurrectionary
States, and for the care and employment of per-
sons therein set free by proclamation olUhc Pres-
ident; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the select committee on slavery and fieedmen,
and unified to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
129) to amend an act entitled "An act toauthoi ize
the corporation of Georgetown in the Distnct of
Columbia to lay and collect a water tax, and for
other purposes," approved May 21,1862; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
NAVY-YARD AT NEWCASTLE.
Mr. RIDDLE. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval A Hairs be di-
rected to inquue into the piopriety and expediency of estab-
lishing ;i na\'> van! at oi neai tin, town ot Noa'ea.-tle, iu
the State of Delaware, and to icpor t to the Senate the tela-"
live convenience and public advantages of that location
compared with othets on the Delawaie river.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded to
consider the resolution.
Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. President, I shall not
make a speech on this subject, but I desire to call
the attention of the Committee on Naval Affairs
to the fact that the great States of Pennsylvania
and Massachusetts have made a stronger speech
for this location as a naval depot than 1 can make
by constructing their railioads to Newcastle in
pteference to the (hlfeient sites which have been
indicated in the State of Pennsylvania. I meiely
mention this matter to cull the attention of the
Committee on Naval Allans to the fact that the
great coal depot and iron exportation depot is at
the town of Newcastle, in preference to League
island, Marcus Hook, or Chcstei, winch places
they have to pass to get to Newcastle, and that
the roads leading there have been constructed by
the people of Massachusetts and Pennsylvania,
the_ Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore,
Philadelphia and Reading, and Pennsylvania
Central railioads. When the proper tune comes,,,
1 shall, perhaps, discuss the matter fuither. I
hope the resolution will be adopted now, that
the Committee on Naval Affaiis may make the
inquiry.
The resolution was agreed to,
TAXKS ON GOVERNMENT LANDS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Th«re isa little join t res-
olution on the table that would properly go to the
Committee on Finance; butit is very important to
pass it tit once. 1 thmk there can bo no possible
objection to it, and as it is a pressing matter I wish
to have if parsed dt once.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution (H.
R. So. 31) makingappiopriatiun forthe payment
of taxes on certain hinds owned by the United
States was read twice and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to appropriate
$*20,000 to pay tax'es on lands owned by the United
States, and to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to report to Congress upon what lands the taxes
may be paid and the amount paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A majority of the Com-
mittee on Finance have seen the resolution and
recommend its passage. I send to the Chair a
short letter which I desire to have read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Treasury Department,
Solicitor's Office. January 27, 1864.
Sir: There is a laige quantity of leal estate held by this
office or by trustees in trust for the United States winch
lias been acquired either in satisfaction or as secunty tor
debts due to the Government, upon which State andother
taxes have accrued, and for the payment ot winch no pso-
vision has been made by law. For want of this the lights
of the Govt uiment are in danger in some cases of being
seriously embarrassed, it not entirely lost. I respectfully
; recommend that (Jongiess be asked to make an appiopria-
Uon (or this purpose. I think that the sum ot $20,000should
he appropnated, and the appropi iation should he made as
speedily as practicable, as there are some ea«es in which
any considerable delay in the payment ot the taxes would
piovc veiy inconvenient.
I have the honor to be, with high respect,
EDWARD JORDAN,
Solicitor of the Ticasury.
Hon. S. P. Chase, Secretary of the Treasury.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
AMENDMENT 01? ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the report of the
committee of conference upon thoenrollment bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the report.
The VICE IJ LIES I DENT. The report of the
committee of conference will be read.
The Secretary read the leport, as follows:
The committee of conference appointed to consider the
di- agreeing votes ot the tv\ o Houses on the hill (S. No. 3(3)
'• to amend an act entitled 'An act loj eniollmg and palling
out the nation.il foiees, and loi other pin poses,5 appioved
March 3, 1^63," having met,alter hill and tree conletence
do teporl <i* follows :
That the House of Representatives do agree to the sec-
ond section ot the bill of the Senate, with the following
amendments,to wit: 1. Strike out thewoid "or," where
it fust occurs in the second hue of said section. 2. Alter
the woid " township," in the second line of said section,
mseit the wouls   pi ocmet or election distuct." 3. Stuke
out the \\ otd 11' oiin the third line of said seetion. -i. Alter
thewoid " township-." in tne thud line of said section,
m-eit the woids -'piecinels oi election distiie'*-." And
that the Senate do agree to the said seveial amendment-*.
That the flou-c ot Repier-ctiiatives do a<iieo to the thud
'•eelion of the hill of the Senate, with the follow i i tc amend-
ment.-, to wit: 1. Attei the woid "if," in the tiist line o/
said section, strike out the woids " anj State," and inseit
the woids " the quota**" in lieu theieot. 2. Stt ike out the
words "tail to furnish," in the second line ot said sec-
tion, and inseit the woids " not be filled" in h<'u theieoi.
3. Su ike out the woids " the number oi men requ ued theie-
fiom," in the thud line ot said seetion. 5. Stuke out the
word " or," vvheic it tir**t occurs in the fittii line of s.nd
seetion. 6. Alter the wotd u town-*liip." in the iidli hue
of said section, add the words {*piceiiiet or election dis-
trict." 7. Strike out the woid u m," m the sixth line of
said seetion. 8. Alter the woid township.-." in ih'* sixth
line of said section, in -ei t the woid-; u picein'ct - or election
iliMnct-.9. Alter the woid •• township," in the tuclith
line of said section, mseit the wouls preeinct or election
di-tuct." 10 Aftei the woid " count) at tiie end ol said
section, add the lollowmy: "And if the quota ot' any dis-
tuct shall nut be tilled hy the (halt made m aecoidance
u itli the piovisious ot this act, and the aet to which it is
an amendment, fuither dtalH shall he made, and hk< pto-
ceedingshad, until the quota ot suchde- tuct shall be tilled."
And that the Senate do agiee to the said several amend-
ment-.
That the House of Representative* do asi^e to tbefouith
section of the hill of the Senate, with tike t< iiowiinr amend-
ments, to wit: 1. Alter thewoid " time," iu the sixth line
of said section, nisut the woids previous to the diait."
2 Aitei the word '-'diait,"in the seventh line ot -aid sec-
tion. in-eit tile woids 'Jnoi\ at the time, m the nuhtaiy or
naval seivieeotrhe United States." 3. Stnke out the words
' thtee V'-ai in the tenth line of said section, and mseit
the woids {,ihe time for which such suh-titute Hiall have
been accepted" in lieu theieoi. •}. Stuke out all ot said
section aim the wind jeais," ui tie- tenth line thereof.
And that the Senate do agree to the s;,u] veveuil amend-
ments.
That the House of iteprc-ontatiws do acrtee to the fifth
section of the bill of the Senat". with the following amend-
ments-, to wit: 1. Stuke out the woids •• enrolled and" m
the liist line of said seetion. 2 Altei the w>-id ma)," in
the second line of S'ud section, insut the wouls before
the time fixed (oi his appeaiance foi duty at tne dtaf't icn-
dezvou*." 3. Stuke out ail ot said MHtion alter the wotd
"dirttt." in the twentj-louith line, and insert Ihe following
m lieu thereof. •• m miuig that quota: ami hi- name .shah
be retained on the ioM m tilhnir tutiue quotas; but in no in-
stance -hall the exi niption of any pei-on, on account of his
payment ot commutation money tor the piocurauon of a
j •iib-.ti'ut'-', extend beyond one v^ai ; but at the cud of one
t yeai, in every such case, the name oi any person #o
