1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
Laws of the United States.
88th Oo «....1s2 Sess.
convert to his own use, in any way whatever,
or shall use by way of investment in any kind
of property or merchandise, or shall loan, with
or without interest, or shall deposit in any hank,
or shall exchange for other funds, any portion of
such moneys, every such actshall he deemed and
adjudged to be an embezzlement of so much of
stud moneys as shall be thus taken, converted,
used, loaned, deposited, or exchanged, which is
hereby declared to be afelony; and any failure to
pay over or to produce the moneys intrusted to
such person for the use of the money-order offices
shall be held and taken to be piimafacie evidence
of such embezzlement. And any postmaster,
assistant, clerk, or other person employed in or
connected with the business of the money-order
offices, and all other persons advising or partici-
pating in such act, on being convicted thereof be-
fore any court of the United States of competent
jurisdiction, shall be sentenced to imprisonment
for a term of not less than six months nor more
than ten years, and to a fine equal to the amount
of the money embezzled. And upon the trial of
any indictmentagains.tany person forembezzling
public money under the provisions of this act, it
shall be prima facie evidence for the purpose of
showing a balance against such person to pro-
duce a transcript from the money-order account
booksof the Auditorof theTreasury for the Post
Office Department; and such transcript, when cer-
tified bysaid Auditorunderhis seal of office,shall
be admitted as evidence in the courts of the United
States.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That if any
person shall falsely make, forge, counterfeit, en-
grave, or print, or cause or procure to be falsely
made, forged, counterfeited, engraved, or printed,
oj- willingly aid, or assist in falsely making, forg-
ing, counterfeiting, engraving, or printing any
oi tier in imitation of or purporting to be a money-
order issued by one postmaster upon another
postmaster; or shall falsely alter, or cause or pro-
cure to bo altered, or willingly aid, or assist in
falsely altering, any money-order issued as afore-
said; or shall pass, utter, or publish, or attempt
to pass, utter, or publish, as true, any false,
forged, or counterfeited order, purporting to boa
money-order as aforesaid, knowing the same to
be falsely forged or counterfeited; or shall pass,
utter, or publish, or attempt to pass, utter, or
publish, as true, any falsely altered money-order,
issued as aforesaid, knowing the same to be falsely
altered, with an intent to defraud, every such per-
son shall be deemed and adjudgedguilty of felony,
and being thereof convicted, shall be sentenced
to be imprisoned and kept at hard labor for a pe-
riod of not less than three years, nor more than
ten years, and be fined in a sum not exceeding
five thousand dollars.
Sec. 13. •Snd beitfurthercnaeted, Thatforthe
purpose of carrying on the business of the money-
order offices, and keeping and settling their ac-
counts, the Postmaster General may appoint, in
his Department, one superintendent of the money-
order system, at an annual salary of twenty-five
hundred dollars, and three clerks, to wit: one of
class four and two of class three. And the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may, from time to time,
appoint in the office of the Auditor of the Treasury
for the Post Office Department, the necessary
clerks, in all not to exceed six, to wit: oneofclass
four and five of class two. And to provide for
the compensation of the said superintendent and
clerks, tor the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, the sum of sev-
enteen thousand dollais, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, is hereby appropriated,outof
any money in the Treasury nototherwise appro-
priated. And the Postmaster General is further
authorized to cause such additional clerks to be
employed "hi the money-order offices as he may
find necessary for conducting the operations of
the money-order system, whose compensation
iihall be paid out of the proceeds of the money-
order business: Provided, however, That to meet
any deficiency that may arise in the amount of
such proceeds during the first year, the sum of
one hundred thousand dollars, orso much thereof
as may be necessary, is hereby appropriated, out
of nny money 111 the Treasuiy not otherwise f«p-
propriated.
Approved, May 17, 1864.
Chap. LXXX(X.—An Act to appoint certain
Officers of the Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That, for and during the present insur-
rection, the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, is hereby authorized to
appoint acting lieutenant commanders and acting
commanders, who shall have the same rate of
compensation as is allowed to officers of similar
grade in the Navy.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
proviso in section ten, chapter one hundred and
eighty-three, of an act to establish and equalize
tiiegrade of line officers of the United States Navy,
approved July sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, be, and the same is hereby, repealed,
and that said section shall read as follows:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any
person who shall have received, or shall hereafter
receive, a temporary appointment as acting vol-
unteer lieutenant or acting master in the Navy,
from civil life, authorized by act of Congress of
July twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, may be confirmed in said appointment in the
Navy and placed in the line of promotion, from
the date ofsaid confirmation, if, upon the recom-
mendation of the President, he receives the thanks
of Congress for highly meritorious conduct in
conflict with the enemy. Seamen distinguishing
themselves in battle, or by extraordinary heroism
in the line of their profession, may be promoted
to forward warrant officers or acting masters'
mates, as they may be best qualified, upon the
recommendation of their commanding officer,
approved by the flag-officer and the Department.
Upon such promotion, they sjjiall receive a gratu-
ity of one hundred dollars, and a medal of honor
to be prepared by the Navy Department.
Approved, May 17, 1864.
Chap. XCII.—An Act to organize a Regiment of
Veteran Volunteer Engineers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United StalesofJlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized to enlist, out of any volun-
teer forces in the army of the Cumberland, that
have served, or are now serving, as pioneers,
pontoniers, or engineers, to serve wherever re-
quired for three years, or during the war, to con-
sist of ten companies, and to have the same or-
ganization, pay, and emoluments as are allowed
to engineer soldiers under the provisions of the
fourth section of an act entitled " An Act provid-
ing for the better organization of the military
establishment," approved August third, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the offi-
cers of the engineers authorized to be raised under
the provisions of the foregoing section shall be
appointed and commissioned by the Presidentof
the United States, on the recommendation of the
commander of the army of the Cumberland, and
shall receive the same pay and allowances as
engineer officers of similar grade in the regular
Army.
Approved, May 20, 18G4.
Chap. XCIII.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Naval Service for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
arc hcicby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five:
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty
officers and seamen, including the engineer corps
of the Navy, nineteen millions four hundred and
twenty-three thousand two liundredand forty-one
dollars.
For repair and maintenance of vessels of the
Navy, labor, materials, and stores, eleven millions
five hundred thousand dollars.
For the completion of sixteen fast steam screw
sloops-of-war, seven millions two hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For the purchase, construction, and repairs of
vessels, materials, and labor, for the western
waters, four millions of dollars.
For the purchase and charter of vessels for
nava! and blockading purposes, three millions of
dollars.
For 'extra labor, expense of repairs, and so
forth, on foreign stations, six hundred thousand
dollars.
For payment of the three months' bounty to
seamen and ordinary seamen under the joint res-
olution of February twenty-fourth,eighteen,hun-
dred and sixty-four, five hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For the completion of armored plated vessels,
three million six hundred thousand dollars.
For the purchase of hemp and other materials
for the Navy, seven hundred thousand dollars.
For fuel for the Navy, and for the transportation
and expenses thereof, three millions eight hun-
dred and forty thousand dollars.
For the equipment of vessels in the Navy, viz:
For the purchase of various articles of equip-
ment, viz: canvas, leather, cables and anchors,
and furniture, and stores in the masters', boat-
swains', and sailmakers' departments, three mil-
lion dollars.
For provisions for commission, warrant, and
petty officers and seamen, including engineers
and marines attached to vessels for sea service,
six million four hundred and fifteen thousand six
hundred and five dollars.
For the construction, repair, wear and tear of
machinery of vessels in commission, twenty-
eight million three hundred and twelve thousand
dollars.
For surgeons' necessaries and appliances for
the sick anil hurt of the Navy, including the
coast survey and engineer and marine corps, two
hundred and ten thousand dollars.
For ordnance and ordnance stores, including
labor and incidental expenses, eight million three
hundred thousand dollars.
For navigation apparatus and supplies, and for
purposes incidental to navigation, one hundred
and twenty-six thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Navy, two
hundred and iifty thousand dollars.
For the purchase of nautical and astronomical
instruments, books, maps, and charts; and for
the repairs of instruments, and binding and back-
ing books and charts, onehundred and one thou-
sand and forty-two dollars.
For clothing for the Navy, five hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Bureau of Yards and Docks:
For contingent expenses that may accrue for
the following purposes, viz: For freight and
transportation; for printing, advertising, and sta-
tionery; for books, maps, models, and drawings;
for the purchase and repair of fire engines; for
machinery of every description,and patent-right
to use the same; forrepairs of steam engines and
attendance; for purchase and maintenance of
oxen and horses and driving teams; for carts,
timber-wheels, and workingmen's tools of every
description for navy-yard purposes: for tele-
grams, postage of letters on public service; for
furniture for Government offices and houses in
the navy-yards; for coals and other fuel; for
candles, oil, and gas; for cleaning and clearing
up yards; for flags, awning, and packing-boxes;
for pay of watchmen; for incidental labor at
navy-yards not applicable to any other appro-
priation; for lent of landing at Portsmouth, New
Hampshire; for tolls and ferriages; for water
tax; and for rent of stores and rendezvous, one
million three hundred and seventy thousand dol-
lars.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting:
For contingent expenses that may accrue for
the following purposes, viz: Expenses of recruit-
ing; traveling expenses of officers; transportation
of men and materials; printing and stationery;
advertising in newspapers; postage on public let-
ters; wharfage and demurrage; funeral expenses;^
apprehending deserters; pilotage and towage ot
vessels, and assistance to vessels in distress; and
for bills of health and quai amine expenses of ves-
sels in the Navy, one million two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
