THE C(XN QRBSSICXNAL GLOBE.
April 21,
The letter is as follows:
Washington City, April 21, 1864.
Dear Sir: I desire to call your attention to a bill to
amend <ui net entitled £,An net to confirm certain private
land claim* fn theTciritory of New Mexico," introduced
bvthe Delegate from New Mexico, and now pending be-
fore Congress.
The bill provides for relocating one Fifth of a certain
private land claim in New Mexico, confirmed by act of
Congress approved June 21,18S0, (see Statutes at Laige,
volume 12, page 72.) to the heirs of Lute Maria Baca.
A< will be seen by reference to the act of June 21,
i860, the heirs of JJaca were authorized to locate, in
f-qufire bodies not eXcefcding five in number, on any of the
public lauds of Ne«r Mexico, " vaeant and not mineral,"
the same amount of iand as is embraced m the Los Vegas
grant. Upon a survey of the Los Vegas grant it was found
io contain 496,446.96 acres of land. Each of the five bod-
ies of land anthohife'd fty tfte act to be located by the heirs
of Baca, therefore, doritafn 99,269.39 aetes. Four of the
'• square bodies" have been located ami the location ap-
proved by the surveyor general ot' New Mexico and by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, The re-
maining one fiftfl was also, on the Si6.! June, 1863, located
on the Pecos liver, above and adjoining the military re-
feLHve of Foil Sumner. This la*t location was not ap-
proved at the time, and no official action hiw been lhid
upon it since.
Duimil the win tec of 1868-630eneral Catleton gathered
at Fort Sumner over four hundred Apache Indians, with
whom we were at war, ami initiated the policy (now
appiovcd by ail the Department* here) of settling the
Indian-: ofNew Mexico upon reserves; and afteiwards, iri
-January, 186-4, upon the recommendation ot llic superin-
tendent ot Indian affairs of New Mexico, the (Jotmim-
siouer of Indian Affairs, and Secretaiy of the interior,
the President ordered that a reserve forty miles square,
witli Fort Sumner as its center, should be made for the
Apache Indians. It has since been determined to settle
the [Vavajos al*o upon this reserve, and over five thou-
sand Indians are now settled there.
i y releience to the inclosed map of New Mexico, you
will see that the Indian it-serve covets the fifth location
made by the heirs of Baca as above ; but to diseinbaira^
the Government the heirs have sonified (through their
nuoi ney, Judge Watts.) their wdhngnex? to remove tins
location, ptovidcd they shall be authorized to relocate the
j-an^ under the same'conditions, except as to time, pro-
vided in the original act of confirmation. The act now be-
foie Congress as above, authorizes this change of location,
and give-: them until 21st June, 1865,10 make their new
selection. This is little time enough,consideiing that itis
unsafe now to move outside ol the ^ettleincuti in New
Mexico without military protection. The justice and neces-
sity of the act can, I think, but commend itaeli to your
I,ivoiable consideration.
The Nnvsijo tnbe of Indian?, forwhom with the Apnehe*?
the receive on the Pecos is made, have consented to leave
then eountiy mM of the llio Grande, and icniove with
ilicit {locks and herd? to the Peco*. Alieaclyevci.il thou-
sands ot them have reached their new home. The people
ofNew Mexico are hopefully looking ibiwaid to the day
when they <-hall have peace throughout then temtoiy, a
condtuon of things not otton nor for long periods enjoyed
bv that people. There seems to he uotnin<< in the way of
the pennanent settlement of the Indians but thus piivate
claim, and the passage of the act in question "will remove
that eb-taele. The Indian* cannot he removed to any point
lower down on the Pecos, because there iv not in one body,
at any point below Fort Sumner, sufficient amble land tor
thcii*u-e, and they cannot be moved up the liver u ithout
luterlennjr with the settlements.
[am, verytiuly and respeetluliy, vom obedient servant,
JOHN A. CLAIiK.
Hon. H B. Wasiiburne.
SHIP CANAL IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill granting to the State of Wiscon-
sin a donation of public land to aid in the con-
struction of a ship cannl at the head of Sturgeon
bay, in the county of Door, in said State, itnd
Backwater, on the shore of Lake Michigan, so
as to connect the waters of Green bay with Lake
Michigan, in said State; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
INDIAN REFUGEES.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table an act. (S. No. 198)
to Hid the Indian refugees to return to their homes
in tin; Indian territory. !
No objection being made, the bill was taken i
up, read a first and second time, and reu-ired to :
the Committee on Indian AfFuhs. j
PAY TO CERTAIN OFFICERS, ETC. j
Mr. bLAIR, of West Virginia, by unanimous !
consf-ui, introduced the following resolution;!
which was read, considered, and agreed to: I
Ilcsn'^eri, Tlmt the ('ommittee on Military Affair-. Inquire !
iMo the < xpedieney of reporting a bill pacing the otiicers 1
and soldiers who have been m the actual  eivice ot the !
United Static, but who have never been mut-iuicd into the I
teivice. i
LAMM.OHD AND TENANT IN T1IH DISTRICT.
Air. MORRIS, of Ohio. I ask unanimous con-
st-lit io take from the Speakei's table an act (S,
No. 13c>) to regulate proceeding* in cases between
landlords and tenants in the Biatnct of Columbia.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS II"? UTAH.
Mr. BOYD. I ask unanimous consent to take
from the table the bill (H. R. No. 220) with Senate j
amendments thereto, to vacate the sale of the pres-
ent Indian leservations in Utah Territory,and to
settle the Indians of said Territory in the United
States.
No objection being made, the bill and amend-
ments were taken up, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
DISPOSITION OF CONVICTS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table the
bill of the Senate (No. 172) concerning the dis-
position of convicts in courts of the United States,
for the subsisting of persons confined in jail
charged with violating the laws of the United
States, and for diminishing the expenses in re-
lation thereto.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the'Speaker's table, read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
011 the Judiciary.
WASHINGTON MASONIC HALL.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of (he House to take from the Speaker's
table bill of the Senate No. 130, for a charter of
Masonic Hall Association in "Washington city,
District of Columbia, for the purpose of putting
it uiion its passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thatseems
to be an incorporation bill, and 1 think it ought
Io be referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
Mr. WHEELER. A precisely similar bill
has been before that committee and we have agreed
to report it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. This is really the
same bill, and it has passed the Senate.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
fiom the Speakei's table, leceived its several
leadings, and was passed.
Mr. MORRIS, oi Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX. 1 ask the unanimous consent of the
House to oiler a resolution,
Mr. JENCKES. I call for the regular order
of business.
CANAl, HILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the consideration of bill of the
Mouse No. 322. to construct a ship canal for the
passage of armed and naval vessels from the
Mississippi liver to Lake Michigan, and for other-
purposes, which was postponed until this evening,
and upon which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Arnold] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Unless the gentleman from
Illinois desiies to make some remarks I ask lnm
to yield to me.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 will yield to thegentleman.
Mr. COX. 1 call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. This is the regular order of
business.
Mr. COX Then 1 object to the gentleman from
Illinois yielding the floor, unless he yields it un-
conditionally.
Mr. ARNOLD. I will yield unconditionally.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Spcakei, 1 do not desire
to ii.tcifeie with the management of this bill by
thegentleman from Illinois, who has reported it,
and who is, ! know, deeply interested in the ac-
tion of the House upon the bill. I recognize it
as a bill of great importance—of great importance
as well to the inteiests which thegentleman rep-
resents as to the interests of all parts of the coun-
try. But it is a bill that requires more considera-
tion, I think, than the time of the House and its
business will justify our giving to it at this time.
It luquins mine on account of the large demand
which it neeeswaiily must make upon the Treas-
ury of the United States, as well as the vast in-
terests to be affected by the project which it con-
templates carrying out. And, sir, in all good
faith, as a friend of the measure, if thegentleman
from Illinois will not deem me as intruding, 1 de-
sire to move a postponement of the further con-
sideration of this bill to the second Tuesday in
December next, immediately after the morning
hour. I do not do it in any hostility to the meas-
ure. I do it as a friend, because 1 believe that that
will be a more favorable time for the consideration
of a measure of this magnitude and importance
than it is possible for us now, under the circum-
stances, to give to it. I will make that motion,if
he has no objection.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, recognizing the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] as
an earnestand sincere friend of this great measure,
having consulted various friends of it on both
sides of the House, having conferred with the
delegation from Illinois, 1 am compelled very
reluctantly, in view of the feeling in the House
arising from the ptesent condition of our national
finances, to abstain from offering any opposition
to the motion made by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, although in my judgment the passage
of this bill would have done more to promote the
prosperity of the country, to hold the Union
firmly together, and increase the amount of tax-
able property, than any other measure brought
before Congress. Yet, after full consultation with
the friends of the measure, I find their judgment
so unanimously in favor of postponement, that I
feel that it'wouid be unwise to press it to a vote
now.
Sir, there is not an acre of land west of Lake
Michigan and in all the valley of the Mississippi
which would not be enhanced in value by the
passage of this bill. While the construction ot tins
proposed work would have raised the price of
every bushel of wheat and corn to the western
farmer, it would have reduced the price of every
loaf of bread consumed at the East. It would
hav?*saved more than its cost in the expenses of
transportation in a single year. It is most em-
phatically a commercial, military, and political
necessity, it is temporarily deferred in conse-
qucnce of great financial difficulty and pressure,
not abandoned. In the language of the Presi-
dent, "This great work will ere long force its
own way."
I trust this Congress may yet have the honor
and thp credit of passing this bill. I trust that
before the next session there may be such a res-
toration of the public credit and confidence as
will justify the friends of this bill in picssing it3
passage, and which will secure for it a majority
of this Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous question
on the mi.noil to postpone.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to move to postpone
it indefinitely ?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the demand
for the previous question,
i Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman fiom Ohio will not insist on that mo-
tion.
Mr. COX. I do insist on the motion. The
gentleman fiom Illinois [Mr. Arxold] has yielded
to the stabbing of his own bill, and I think we may
as well finish its death at once.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has moved to postpone
the bill till the second Tuesday in December.
Mr. COX. 1 move that the bill be laid upon
the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is ill order.
Mr. STUART. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdiaw the motion for a moment.
Mr. COX. CYitainly.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question?
Mr. DAWES. I will for that purpose.
Mr. STUART. I will renew the demand for
the previous question. 1 merely wish to say that
the Illinois delegation has had a consultation to-
!> day,and looking at the financial condition of the
country and the relations which this bill beats to
the country, we have all come to the conclusion
that it is advisable to have it postponed. In this
we all concur with the gentleman representing the
Chicago distiict, [Mr. Arnold.] That is all I
wish to say. 1 now renew the previous ques-
tion oil the postponement.
Mr. COX. 1 renew my motion to lay on the
table; and on that 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not'ordered.
