164
APPENDIX TO THE CCMGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Bureau of Navigation:
For contingent expenses of theBureau ofNavi-
gation,viz: For freight and transportation of nav-
igation materials, instruments, books, and stores;
for postage on letters; for telegraphing on public
business; for advertising for proposals; for pack-
ing-boxesand materials; for blank-books, fomrs,
and stationery at navigation offices; for maps,
charts, drawings, and models; and for incidental
expenses not applicable to any other appropria-
tion, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Bureau of Construction and Repair:
For contingent and incidental expenses, viz: For
blank-books, binding, stationery, and miscella-
neous items, one thousand dollars.
For postage, drawings, and transportation of
materials, seventy-five thousand dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For contingent expenses, viz: For candles,
freight to foreign stations, transportation from
station to station within the United States,coop-
sand dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For contmgentexpenses of the Bureau of Med-
icine and Surgery, sixty thousand dollars.
"Bureau of Steam Engineering:
For contingent expenses, viz: For transporta-
tion of materials, printing, stationery, advertis-
ing, books, drawings, models, postages, and in-
cidental expenses, twenty-five thousand dollars.
MARINE CORPS. *
For payof officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, privates, clerks, messengers, steward
and nurse and servants; for rations and clothing
for officers'servants; additional rations to officers
for live years' service; for undrawn clothing, and
additional pay to musicians of 1 he band, seven
hundred and ninety-one thousand seven hundred
and eighty-five dollais and eighty cents.
For provisions, one hundred and thirty-five
thousand nine hundred and twenty-six dollars.
For clothing, two hundred and twenty-three
thousand three hundred and ninety-eight dollars.
For fuel, thirty-one thousand four hundred and
thirty dollars and seventy-five cents.
For military stores, viz: Pay of mechanics, re-
pairs of arms, purchase of accouterments, ord-
nance stores, Hugs, drums, fifes, and other instru-
ments, fifteen thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers, their servants,
troops, and expenses of recruiting, twenty-two
thousand dollars.
For repairs of barracks, and rent of offices where
there are no public buildings, eight thousand dol-
lars.
For contingencies, viz: Freight; ferriage; toll;
cartage; wharfage; purchase and repair of boats;
compensation to judges advocate; per diem for
attending courts-martial, courts of inquiry, and
for constant labor; house rentin lieu of quarters;
burial of deceased marines; printing, stationery,
postage, telegraphing; apprehension of deserters;
oil, candies,gas; repairsof gas and water fixtures;
water rent, forage, straw, barrack furniture; fur-
niture for ofiiceis' quarters in the barracks; bed
sacks, wrapping-paper, oil-cloth, crash, rope,
twine, spades, shovels, axes, picks, carpenters'
tools; keep of a horse for the messenger; pay of
matron, washerwoman, and porter at the hospital
headquarters; repairs to fire engine; puichaseand
repair of engine hose; purchase of lumber for
benches, mess-tables, and bunks; repairs to pub-
lic carryall; purchase and repairof harness; pur-
chase and repairof handcarts and wheelbarrows;
scavengering; purchase and repair of galleys,
cooking-stoves, ranges; stoves where there are
no grates; gravel for parade grounds; repair of
pumps; furniture for staff and commanding offi-
cers' offices; brushes, brooms, buckets, paving,
and for other purposes,forty-five thousanddollars.
For widening and improving the marine bar-
racks, and officers' quarters at the navy-yard,
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, twenty-two thou-
sand dollars.
For building marine barracks, at navy-yard,
Mare Island, California, thirty-nine thousand
fifty-eight dollars and forty-four cents.
NAVY-YARDS.
Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
For plumbers, coppersmiths, and tin-shops,
quay walls, mooririg-piers, iron store, extension
of ship-house, machinery and tools, repairs on
floating dock, barracks and guard-house, on Sea-
vey's Island, and for repairs of all kinds, one
hundred and fifly-one thousand nine hundred and
thirty-five dollars.
Boston.
For additional amount for joiners' shop, addi-
tional amount for coal house, extension of shear
wharf, railroad tracks, and repairs of all kinds,
one hundred and eighty-four thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
New York.
For dredging channels; quay wall at saw mills;
new foundery; improvements on cob-dock; im-
provements to dry-dock; machine-shop exten-
sion ; improvements of dry-dock; quay wall at new
derrick; iron-plating shop; receiving store; iron
fence in front of officers' houses; repairs of all
kinds; machinery for iron-clad building; ma-
chinery for pattern, boder, and machine shop;"
machinery for new foundery; machinery for ma-
chine-shop extension; machinery for smithery,
joiner, and oakum shops; one six-ton, one four-
ton, and one two-ton hammer, six hundred and
sixty-nine thousand three hundred and fifteen dol-
lars.
Philadelphia.
For repairs of dry-dock, pitch house, dredging;
repairs of damage to store by fire, and for repairs
of all kinds—and for the purchase of two lots ad-
joining navy-yard, Philadelphia, extending from
Front street to the commissioners' line in the Del-
aware river, at a price not exceeding ninety thou-
sand dollais—two handled and fourteen thousand
time hundred and forty-five dollars.
(Fashingtun, District of Columbia.
For extension of copper rolling mill; masjg^iery
and tools; storehouse for provisions and clothing;
diedging channels; repairs of ail kinds, and rail
tiacks in yard, one hundred and forty-nine thou-
sand four hundred and sixty-five dollars.
Norfolk.
For repairs of victualing bouse, boat shed,
blacksmith shop, and tools; whaives, foundery,
officers' quarters, boiler shop, repaiis of dry-dock,
engine house, mast house, and sail loft; saw mill
ami machinery; offices and storehouse and repairs
of all kinds, two hundred and twenty-three thou-
sand four hundred and thirty-three dollars.
Pensacola.
For repairs of all kinds, fifty thousand dollars.
For machinery and materials for the repair of
vessels at Pensacola, Ship Island, and New Or-
leans, one hundred thousand dollars.
Marc Island.
For continuation ofgradingand paving, ten thou-
sand dollars; scows, lighter, and stages; foundery
and machinery for same; machinery for saw mill;
continuing en>il shed and wharf; continuing sea-
wall; steam hammer and tools for smithery; rig-
ging and sail loft; repairs ofallkinds; excess of ex-
penditure oil wharf'; guard-house; machinery for
machine shop, and gas works, two hundred and
twenty-four thousand five hundred and ninety-five
dollars.
HOSPITALS.
Boston.
For remodeling old section of the hospital;
heating and cooking and laundry apparatus; brick
wall and iron gateways on Broadway; and repairs
of building and improvement of grounds, seven-
teen thousand five hundred dollars.
New York.
For repairs and improvements of buildings and
grounds, increase of apparatus in the laboratory,
and repairs to heating apparatus, nine thousand
dollars.
Norfolk.
For general improvement and repairs of build-
ing, ground, and wharves, five thousand dollars.
Pensacola.
For completion of extension of building, thirty
thousand dollars.
Memphis.
For improvements and repairs of hospitals,
seven thousand dollars.
New Orleans.
For improvements and repairs of hospital, five
thousand dollars.
Mare Island, California.
For completion of hospital, seventy-five thou-
sand dollars.
MAGAZINES.
Portsmouth.
For howitzer and gun equipment shed; ma-
chinery for ordnance building, and for fitting and
furnishing new wing of ordnance building; grad-
inggrounds forrepairsof ordnance buildings and
railways, twenty thousand and fifty dollars.
Boston.
For repairs of magazine and shell houses at
Chelsea, and powder boat; repairs of ordnance
store, shell houses, and gun and shot parks; tools
for gun-carriage shop; and for completing ord-
nance store, sixty-three thousand four hundred
and thirty-rune dollars.
New York,
For machinery for repairing small arms;repairs
to wharves and track on Ellis's island; sea wall on
north side of Ellis's island; repaiis on magazine
at Ellis's island; dredging at Ellis's island ; and for
repairs ofail kinds, furly-two thousand dollars.
Philadelphia.
For repairs and alterations of ordnance store-
house and office; machinery and tools m ordnance
workshops; and for magazine, wharf buildings,
and grounds, eight thousand one hundred and
sixty-thiey dollais.
Washington.
For repairs and improvements of the magazine,
oidnance buildings, undgiounds of the ordnance
yaul; erecting temporaiy slittls; additional ord-
nance machinery; and for continuing the new ord-
nance foundery, sixty-nine thousand dollars.
Mare Island, California.
For two small magazines at north end of ihe
yard; enlargement of shell house; preparing gun
park; building skids and shot beds; machinery and
tools for ordnance shop; and for repairs on mag-
azine buildings and pile whaif, twenty-nine thou-
sand three hundivd and sixty-eight dollars.
MISCELLANEOUS.
For pay of superintendents, naval construc-
tors, and all the civil establishments of the several
navy-yardsarid stations,one hundred and twenty-
five thousand six hundred and eighty-eight dol-
lars; and the annual salary of the constructing en-
gineer at Mare Island, California, slmll be three
thousand two hundred dollais, after the close of
the piesent fiscal year.
For expenses of professors, watchmen, and
others, and contingencies of tile United States
Naval Academy, one hundred and one thousand
eight hundred and thirty-one dollars and fifty-five
cents: Provided, That no motley appropriated for
the support of the Naval Academy shall be applied
to the support of any midshipmen hereafter ap-
pointed not in strict conformance with the provis-
ions of the law for appointing midshipmen to the
Naval Academy.
For constructing coal wharf at Key West, Flor-
ida, thirty-two thousand dollars.
For altering coal depot to storehouse at Key
West, Floiida, eighteen thousanddollars.
For constructing railroad from naval wharf to
coal yards at Key West, Florida, ten thousand
dollars.
For the pay of mileage cf visitors to the Naval
Academy, two thousand dollars.
NAVAL OBSERVATORY.
For pay of assistant astronomer, three aids, and
clerk, eight thousand dollars, and four thousand
dollais thereof shall be equally divided among the
three aids as their salary.
For wages of instrument maker, watchman, por-
ter, and laborers; keeping grounds in order, and
repairs to buildings and inelosures; fuel, lights,
office furniture, and stationery; and for freight,
transportation, postage, anu incidental expenses,
twelve thousand dollars.
