166
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2Gy
38th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
which shall have passed the Council and House of
■Representatives of the said Territory shall, before
it becomes a law, be presented to "the Governor
of the Territory. If he approve, he shall sign it;
but if not, he shall return it, with his objections,
to the House in which it originated, who shall
enter the objections at large upon their journal
and proceed to reconsider it. If, after such re-
consideration , two thirds of that House shall agree
to pass the bill, it shall be sent, together with the
objections, to the other House, by which it shall
likewise be reconsidered, and, if approved by two
thirds of that House, it shall become a law. But
in all such cases the votes of both Houses shall
be determined by yeas and nays, to be entered on
the journal of each House, respectively. If any
bill shall not be returned by the Governor within
three days (Sunday excepted) after it shall have
been presented to him, the same shall be a law,
in like manner as if he had signed it, unless the
Assembly, by adjournment, prevent its return;
in which case it shall not be a law: Provided, That
whereas slavery is prohibited in said Territory
by act of Congress of Juno nineteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, nothing herein contained
shall be construed to authorize or permit its ex-
istence therein.
Sec. 7. Andbe it further enacted, Thatall town-
ship, district, and county officers, not herein
otherwise provided for, shall be appointed or
elected, as the case may be, in such manner as
shall be provided by the Governor and Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Montana. The Gov-
ernor shall nominate, and, by and with the advice
and consent of the Legislative Council, appoint
all officers not herein otherwise provided for; and
in the first instance the Governor alnne may ap-
point all said officers, who shall hold their offices
until the end of the firstsession of the Legislative
Assembly, and shall lay off tlic necessary districts
for members of the Council and House of itepre-
sentatives, and all other officers.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no mem-
ber of the Legislative Assembly shall hold or be
appointed to any office which shall have been
created, or the salary or emoluments of which
shall have been increased while ho was a mem-
ber, during the term for which he was elected,
and for one year after theexpiration of such term;
but this restriction shall not be applicable to mcra-
. bers of the first Legislative Assembly. And no
person holding a commission or appointment un-
der the United States, except postmasters, shall
bo a member of the Legislative Assembly, or shall
hold any office under the government of said Ter-
ritory.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the ju-
dicial power of said Territory shall be vested m
a supreme court, district courts, probate courts,
and in justices of the peace. The supreme court
shall consist of a chief justice and two associate
justices, any two of whom shall constitute aquo-
rum, and who shall hold a term at the seat of gov-
ernment of said Territory annually; and they
shall hold their offices during the period of four
yeais, and until their successors shall "Be ap-
pointed and qualified. The said Territory shall
be divided into three judicial districts, and a dis-
trict court shall be held in each of said districts
by one of the justices of the supreme court at
such times and places as may be prescribed by
law; and the said judges shall, after their appoint-
ments, respectively, reside in the districts which
shall be assigned them. The jurisdiction of the
several courts herein provided for, both appellate
and original, and that of the probate couits and
of justices of the peace, shall be limited by law:
Provided, That justices of the pcaee shall not have
jurisdiction ol any matter in controversy when
the title of land may be in dispute, or wheie the
debt or sum claimed shall exceed one hundred
dollars; and the said supreme and district courts,
respectively, shall possess chancery as well as
common law jurisdiction. Each district court, ,
or the judge thereof, shall appoint its clerk, who
shall also be the register in chancery, and shall
keep his office at the place where the court may
beheld. Writs of error, bills of exceptions, and
appeals, shall be allowed in all cases fiom the
final decisions of said district courts to the su-
preme court, under such regulations as may be
prescribed by law. The supreme court, or the
justices thereof, shall appoint its own clerk; and
every clerk shall hold his office at the pleasure
of the court for which he shall have been ap-
pointed. Writs of error and appeals from the final
decisions of said supreme court shall be allowed,
and may be taken to the Supreme Court of the
United States, in the same manner and under the
same regulations as from the circuit courts of the
United States, where the value of the property,
or the amount in controversy, to be ascertained
by the oath oraffirmation of eitherparty,or other
competent witnesses, shall exceed one thousand
dollars, except that a writ of error or appeal shall
be allowed to the Supreme Court of the United
States from the decision of the said supreme court
created by this act, or of any judge thereof, or of
the district courts created by this act, or of any
judge thereof, upon any writs of habeas corpus
involving the question of personal freedom. And
each of the said district courts shall have and
exercise the same jurisdiction, in all cases arising
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States, as is vested in thecircuit and districtcourts
of the United States; and the first six days of
every term of said courts, or so much thereof as
shall be necessary, shall be appropriated to the
trial of causes arising under the said Constitu-
tion and laws; and writs of error and appeal in
all such cases shall be made to the supreme court
of said Territory the same as in other cases. The
said clerks shall receive, in all such cases, the
same fees which the clerks of the district courts
of Washington Territory now receive for similar
services.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be appointed an attorney for said Territory,
who shall .continue in office four years, and until
his successor shall be appointed and qualified,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States, and who shall receive the same
fees and salary as the attorney of the United
States for the present Territory of Washington.
There shall also be a marshal for the Territory
appointed, who shall hold his office for four years,
and until his successor shall be appointed and
qualified, unless soonerremoved by thePresident
of the United States, and who shall execute all
processes issuing from the said courts when ex-
ercising their jurisdiction as circuit and district
courts of the United States. He shall perform
the duties, be subject to the same regulations and
penalties, and be entitled to the same fees as the
marshal of the district coiut of the United States
for the present Territory of Washington, and
shall, in addition, be paid two hundred dollars
annually as a compensation for extra services.
There shall also be appointed by the President
of the United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, a surveyor general for said
Territory, who shall locate his office at such place
as the Secretary of the Interior shall from time
to time direct, and whose duties, powers, obliga-
tions, responsibilities, compensation, anil allow-
ances for clerk liiie, office lent, fuel, and inci-
dental expenses, shall be the same as those of
the surveyor general of New Mexico, under the
diieetion of the Seeietary of the Interior, and
such instructions as he may from time to time
deem it advisable to give.
11. And be it further enacted, That the
Governor, secretary, chief justice, and associate
justices,attorney, and marshal shall be appointed
by the President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate. The
Governor and secretary to be appointed as afore-
said shall, before they act as such, respectively,
take an oath or affirmation before the district
judge, or some justice of the peace in the limits
of said Territory, duly authorized to administer
oaths and affirmations by the laws now in force
therein, or before the Chief Justice or some asso-
ciate justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States, to support the Constitution of the United
States, and faithfully to discharge the duties of
their respective offices; which said oaths, when
so taken, shall be certified by the person by whom
the same shall have been taken; and such certifi-
cates shall be received and recorded by the said
secretary among the executive proceedings; and
the chief justice and associate justices, and all
civil officers in said Territory, before they act as
such, s hall take a like oath or affirmation before the
said Governor, or secretary, or some judge or
justice of the peace of the Territory who may
be duly commissioned and qualified, or before
the Chief Justice or some associate justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States, which said
oath or affirmation shall be certified and trans-
mitted by the person taking the same to the sec-
retary, to be by him recorded as aforesaid; and
afterwards the like oath or affirmation shall be
taken, certified, and recorded in such manner
and form as may be prescribed by law. And
any person who has heretofore been appointed
chief justice or associate justice of the Territory
of Idaho, who has not yet taken the oath of of-
fice, as prescribed by the act organizing said
Territory, may take said oath or affirmation be-
fore the Chief Justice or some associate justice of
the Supreme Court of the United States. The
Governor shall receive an annual salary of two
thousand five hundred dollars; the chief justice
and associate justices shall receive an annual
salary of two thousand five hundred dollars; the
secretary shall receive an annual salary of two
thousand dollars. The said salaries shall be
paid quarter yearly from the dates of the re-
spective appointments at the Treasury of the
United States; but no payment shall be made
until said officeis shall have entered upon the
duties of their respective appointments. The
members of the Legislative Assembly shall be
entitled to receive four dollars each per day dur-
ing their attendance at the sessions thereof, and
four dollars each for every twenty miles' travel
in going to and returning from said sessions, es-
timated according to the nearest usually traveled
route; and an additional allowance of four dol-
lars per day shall be paid to the presiding officer
of each House for each day lie shall so preside.
And a chief clerk, one assistant clerk, one en-
grossing and one enrolling clerk, a sergeant-at-
arms and doorkeeper may be chosen for each
House; and the chief clerk shall receive four dol-
lars per day, and the said other officers three dol-
lars per day during the session of The Legislative
Assembly; but no other officers shall be paid by
the United States: Provided, That there shall be
but one session of the Legislative Assembly annu-
ally, unless, on an extraordinary occasion, the
Governor shall think proper to call the Legisla-
tive Assembly together. There shall be appro-
priated annually the usual sum, to be expended
by the Governor, to defray the contingent ex-
penses of the Territory, including the salary of
the clerk of the executive department. And there
shall also be appropriated annually a sufficient
sum, to be expended by the secretary of the Ter-
ritory, and upon an estimate to be made by the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States, to
defray the expenses of the Legislative Assem-
bly, the printing of the laws, and other incidental
expenses. And the Governor and secretary of
the Territory shall, in the disbursement of all
moneys intrusted to them, be governed solely by
the instructions of the Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States, and shall semi-annually ac-
count to the said Secretary for the manner in
which the aforesaid moneys shall have been ex-
pended; and no expenditure shall be made by
said Legislative Assembly for objects not spe-
cially authorized by the acts of Congress making
the appropriations, nor beyond the sums thus
appropriated for such objects.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
Legislative Assembly of the Terutory of Montana
shall hold its first session at such time and place
in said Territory as the Governor thereof shall
appoint and direct; and at said firstsession, oras
soon thereafter as they shall deem expedient, the
Governor and Legislative Assembly shall proceed
to locate and establish the seat of government for
said Territory at such place as they may deem
eligible: Provided, Tliat the seat of government
fixed by the Governor and Legislative Assembly
shall not be at any time changed except by an act
of the said Assembly, duly passed, and which shall
be approved, after due notice, at the first general
election thereafter, by a majority of the legal votes
cast on that question.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That a Del-
egate to.the House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States, to serve for the term of two years, who
shall be a citizen of the United States, may be
