THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February JL 9,
.white soldiers to the United States Army, nearly
one half of her military population, and if there
were an accurate and impartial examination of this
matter, I doubt whether there is a single State in
the Union that has sent a larger proportion of her
M'itary population into the service of the United
States than that State.
If the Senator from Massachusetts and the Sen-
'ate and the Government wish to deal liberally
with Kentucky as he professes, for he says this
measure will be more liberal and beneficent to her
than' to any other State, just let that State have
* theoption to raise her full military quota from
-her white population, and if she fails to produce
her full quota„from that population, let Congress
then take measures to levy the residue upon the*
slave population.-
* But, Mr. President, I merely rose to announce
the general position that Kentucky and her rep-
resentatives in the two Houses of Congress do
not need the instruction of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts as to what is the just and most liberal
mode to her of raising her quota of the armies of
the United States. If she is to be dealt with lib-
erally, or even justly, let the State herself be the
judge of the mode and her particular population
by and from which she is to make her contribu-
tions; and if she does not then respond with every
man that is required by the rule which she pre-
fers after a reasonable time, and she is still in de-
fault, I will then, at least, remain silent. •
The bill proposes to make some compensation
to the loyal owners for slaves that are to be put
in the Army. I pronounce lhat the compensa-
tion which it offers is a mockery. If you take a
stout young negro, that may be a mechanic or a
field laborer, aim that will hire at from one hun-
dred and fifty to three hundied dollars a year, il
is no adequate compensation to his owner if the
officers of the United States Government, or the
Government itself, or Congiess, arbitrarily assess
him at the value of$100or even $300. If the ne-
gro is not to be recognized as property, take him,
as the Senator from Minnesota suggests, without
tiny compensation 01 pay to the owner whatever.
If you have the right to make a soldier of him,
and the citizen who has possession of him has no
right or property in him, the Government ought
to pay nothing for him. But if he is the property
of the owner—upon which no question can be
raised with any show ofreason—thatownerisen-
titled to his fair and reasonable value. But, sir,
do not mock us with a proposition to pay us only
what would be a reasonable hito for one or two
years as the value of a slave that is from eighteen
to twenty-five or thirty years of age; and which
slave, before the commencement of our troubles,
would have sold for from fifteen hundred to two
thousand dollars.
But, sir, I say that you have no power; it is
not competent for the Government of the United
States to assess the value itself of property that
it takes from the citizen. If the negro is put en-
tirely upon the footing of the while man we are
entitled to no pay for him. If ho cannot ho placed
in that status hois property, and as loloy.il own-
ers is to be naid for at his value. Thai value is
not #300. It is not to be ascertained by (he dic-
tum or judgment of the Confess of the United
States, or of any of its military otfieeis, but the
way sanctioned" by usage, universal usage and
practice, and that is by fail and impartial valu-
ers appointed by the civil courts. I insist that
the loyal owner having piopeity in his slave is
entitled to the full and fair estimate of his value
by impartial men appointed for that pin pose.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I rise tostate
very briefly one or two reasons why I cannot
vote for this repoit of the committee of confer-
ence. In the fiist place, 1 believe that this whole
conscription business, as piovided for by this
bill and by the act which it proposes to amend,
is a gross violation of the Constitution of the
eounliy. The whole tendency of it is to over-
throw 1 he constitutional lights of the States and
to establish a consolidated despotism. I stated
my reasons forthis opinion at some length wh.cn
the first conscription bill was up, and i will not
repeat them now.
Sir, the proper wayjo.^reach the militia of the
States under the Constitution is for Congress to
indicate the number of men that it wants, and then
to let them be apportioned among the Sty tes, and let
the States furnish them, even by draft if they find
that necessary. That is not done in these con-
scription bil.ls. They destroy utterly the militia
of the States and absorb them into this great con-
solidated despotism, for it can bo wielded for
despotic purposes.
This bill makes no limitation as to the number
of men that the President may call into the ser-
vice. It does not limit it to one hundred thou-
sand, to five hundred thousand, or to a million.
It leaves the whole matter at the disci etion of the
President. Sir, I would clothe no man on earth
with such power. I do not think that a free peo-
ple ever should clothe any of their magistrates
with such power. It is dangerous to the public
liberties, to say the least of it.
There arc many features of this bill that to me
are objectionable. I do not suppose there is a
Senator in this Chamber who was not a member
of the committee of conference that understands
it, and I doubt whether ever, the members of that
committee if they were ca.lea upon could give a
lucid explanation of how the bill stands in many
ofits features. It isalmoet interminable in length.
The report amends almost every section of the
hill; it adopts some sections of the House amend-
ment and excludes others; it adopts some with
modifications; it amends some of the sections of
the Senate bill; and so on, so that it is almost
impossible for us to know how the bill really
stands.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that the
twenty-sixth section is not only just but exceed-
ingly liberal to Kentucky. Allow me to tell that
Senator that the twenty-sixth section is not only
unjust and illiberal to Kentucky but it is an ab-
solute and direct violation of the Constitution.
What is the Constitution of your country upon
the subject of taking private property? "Nor
shall private property be taken for public use
without just compensation.'5 It will not do for
Senatois to say that slaves in Kentucky are not
ptivate propei ty, for in this very bill you recog-
nize them as private property, and attempt to pay
what in the language of the bill is said to be "a
just compensation " By the bill you recognize
them as private property, and you legislate for
payment for them; hut 1 ask you if you do pay
a just compensation within the meaning of the
Constitution? What is just compensation? It
is the full value of the property taken for public
use. You take this property for public use and
in the very language of the bill you put a limita-
tion on the valuation, and you say that the Sec-
retary of War shall appoint a commission in
each of the slave States represented in Congress
" charged touward to each loyal person to whom
a coloied volunteer may owe service a just com-
pensation, not exceeding $300, for each such col-
ored volunteer."
Will any Senator here rise in his place and say
that that section of the bill is in compliance with
the clause of the Constitution which I have read?
Is $300 just compensation ? Some Senatois may
think it i:?, 1 know that it is not. If you aie
going to give just compensation, why put in a
limitation' You piopose that the Secretary of
War s-hali appoint a commission, and that com-
mission shall be the sole judge. You make no
piowsion for nn npjieal, for a leversal of that de-
cision ifrihe loyal owner should deem it incorrect.
You do not say that the owner shall have just
compensation within the meaning of the Consti-
tution , but you say "just compensation" m your
bill, and you limit it to $300. Why the limita-
tion if the purpose really be to give just compen-
sation '
Mr. President, to strip the bill of its technical-
ities, it is a bill to rob and to plunder the slave-
ho'ders of the loyal States. The purpose of the
bill, in my judgment, is not so much to get sol-
diers into your A rmy as to strike down thisinsti-
tunon in the State of Kentucky andthe other ad-
heiingStates; and 1 should atlmiie thecandor of
Senatois moie if they would rise and fcpeak out
with the boldness of tt uth and manhood, and say
that was their intention. Whether a man is right or
urong, I like candid words. To use a common
expression, I like fait sailing. Sir, thepurpose,
so far as my State is concerned, is not so much to
get soldiers into your Army. Has Kentucky been
in default? No, sir. Does that State desire her
quota to be filled up from her slave population?
No Senator who has watched the proceedings of
that Statu can bay so. Her Legislature has over
and over again declared by resolves that the State
is opposed to enlisting negroes into the service.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. POWELL. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator may have better
information on the subject than 1 have; but, ac-
cording to my information, Kentucky has by no
means filled up her quota, and is in arreaj: some
seventeen thousand men now. If that be incor-
rect information, I wish the Senator from Ken-
tucky would set me right. Certainly I shall not
complain of any compliment he may see fit to pay
Kentucky; but if the fact be as I understand,she
is actually in default.
Mr. POWELL. That, I suppose, is under the
present call. Before the last call her quota was
filled.
Mr. WILSON. That is correct.
Mi.POWELL. I thought it was. Now,why
not allow the State under this Ust call to fill her
quota as she chooses? Her Legislature has de-
clared by resolves over and over again that the
State does not wish to fill her quota by that de-
scription of her population. That is the opinion
of her Governor, and indeed of every Governor
we have had since this war commenced, and dur-
ing that period three of ourcitizcns have filled the
executive office.
If the object is not to run athwart of the will of
the people of Kentucky, why not pass your law
in conformity with their oft-iepeated resolves?
Why not allow her to put her quota of white men
in the field as she proposes to do? By this bill
you run counter to her declared will in every form
in which it could be given to the public, through
her public agents in the State and her public offi-
cials. And m doing it, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts says you are exceedingly liberal to Ken-
tucky. Sir, we understand the object of this
pretended liberality. It is for the purpose that I
have indicated. It is a stab at the institution of
slavery in the State. That is the object; there
can be none other, for I do not believe that any
of the Senators think a slave is a better soldier
than a white man. I know they often say he is
as good as the white man. I do not believe a
word of it. I do not believe a negro can make as
good a soldier as a white man. I think there is
no question of the fact that the white man is a
better soldier, and he will prove himself so upon
every field.
But when you speak of "just compensation"
in this bill and limit it to $300 when the property
may be worth a thousand dollars and more, it is
a mockery. I hope this conference report will be
voted down. Theie are many objectionable feat-
ures in it, but I shall not detain the Senate by
going over them, for 1 know that nothing I can
say here will stop this kind of legislation.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, 1 do not regard
this bill as a stab at slavery in the States, and
if I did it would not hurt me much; but if the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs has given me the correct interpre-
tation of it, it does seem to me—I wish I eouhl
1 understand it otherwise—as a very direct, if not
' a fatal stab, at the white population of the free
States. 1 was compelled, very reluctantly indeed,
to vote against the passage of the bill when it
was befoie the Senate. 1 was opposed to those
features of the bill, and I could not reconcile my-
self to them, nor could I be iccoiiciled to those
features of the bill which said substantially, said
in effect, "Volunteers cannot be obtained for §400,
but any man who will pay $400 to the Government
can he exempted from military service." Icould
not reconcile myself to thosefeatures of that bill.
Those features have been, as I understand, some-
what modified by the committee of conference;
modified in two lcspects. They do not by the pay-
ment of this commutation motley exempt the man
from service during the whole period for which
the diet ft is made, but for only one year, as I under-
stand. That is an improvement upon the bill; at
I least it makes it more satisfactory to my own
views than the bill as it passed the Senate. But
then, on the contrary, they have put the price of
commutation down from $400 to $300, and that
makes it more obnoxious to me. This other feat-
ure of the bill which has just been brought to
my attention mokes it more obnoxious than any-
thing in the original bill or anything that I could
conceive of in any bill,for the bill as itpassed the
