1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL'"G&OBEf
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Sergeant-
at-Ai'ms be directed to request the attendance of
absent members.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion to adjourn if the Senator
will withdraw his motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 will. I will do anything.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us have the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for another division on
the motion to adjourn,if the Senator from Maine
will allow me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 14, noes 8; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 6, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channiktg.
The Journal of Saturday last was rend and
approved.
The SPEAKER proceeded , as the regular order
of business, to call the States for bills and joint
resolutions for reference only, and not to be
brought back into the House by motions to re-
consider.
COPJTIIIGIIT LAWS.
Mr. JENCKES introduced an additional act
supplementary to the act to amend the several
acts respecting copyrights; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Patents.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PENDLETON, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th of June, 1865, and for otiier
purposes; which was read a first and second time
by ns title, rcfei led to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved to Jay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF MEMBERS OF CONG11KSS.
Mr. J. W. WHITE introduced a bill allowing
compensation to membeis of the Senate, mem-
bers of the House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States, and to the Drlegates from the Terri-
tones; which was road a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
UNION GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. FENTON introduced a bill to extend the
tim ' for opening' books of subscription to the cap-
ital stock of the Union Gas-Light Company of
the District of Columbia; which was read a lirst
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
DIRECT TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY STATUS.
Mr. FENTON also introduced a bill to provide
for the collection of direct taxes in insurrection-
ary States, &c.; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and refeired to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
STEAMBOAT PASSENGERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced a
bill further to regulate the carriage of passengers
in steamboats and other vessels; which was read
a first and second time by its title, referred to tiie
Committee on Commerce, and, together with the
accompanying papers, ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER then proceeded, as the next
business in order, to call the States and Territo-
ries for resolutions.
COMMITTEE ON NORTHEASTERN DEFENSES.
Mr. RICE, of Myine, introduced the following
resolution, upon which he demanded thepievious
question:
Ilaohcd, That the special < omnutteo on defen-e* of tiie
northeastern ftontiei bo continued dining the present Con-
gies-.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RENDITION OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, submitted
the following resolution, upon which he demanded
the previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to report to this House a bill for the repeal of all
acts and pans of acts which provide for the rendition of
fugitive slaves, and that they have ieave to make such re-
port at any tune.
The SPEAKER. The'latter part of the reso-
lution would require unanimous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Then I will
strike out the latter part of the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the previous question
will not be sustained. That subject has already
been passed upon by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
The question was put; and the House refused
to second the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to debate the resolu-"
tion.
The SPEAKER. Debate arising on the reso-
lution, it goes over under the rule.
- OCEAN MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. HERRICK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
furnish this House witli a lis-t of the United States frteam
vcs^'Is suitable 10 be employed nicauymg the mails to arid
fiom toie.ign ports, to cther with n j-tatementof the reduc-
tion that may lie made, according to tiie suggestions of Ins
annual leport, m the new and aimament of each, when
employed in :>uch service, including, al-o, an e>uinate of
the ovpen^e pei month le^peetively or Mich vessels a«; ho
may repoit-uttdble for &ueh employment when so reduced
in crew and armament.
GUERRILLAS.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report back bill of
the House No. 421), to provide for the mote speedy
punishment of guerrillas, and for other purposes.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. ANCONA. How does that bill come in
under this call ?
The SPEAKER. Under the call of States for
resolutions bills may bo introduced. That has
been the uniform practice of the House.
Mr. ANCONA. Let the rule be read.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
115th rule.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"lia. Ewty bill <*ha!I be intioduced on the report of a
committee, or by motion tor leave, in tiie latter case, at
len-^tone du\;-^ notice bliall be given of the motion in the
House, Oi I)v iilniLr a memoiamium thereof with the Ciei k,
and having it enlri ed on the Journal; and the motion -shall
be made, and the bill intioduced, if leave i.s given, when
losolufioris! are called lor; •s.uch motion, or the bill when
intioduced, may be committed.?>
The SPEAKER. Bills arc in order when res-
olutions are called for.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call for the previous
question.
Mr. LE BLOND, i move that the bill be re-
feired to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
dunng the demand for the previous question.
Mr. LE BLOND. Is a motion to refer to a
standing committee in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not now in order.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move, then, that the bill
be hud on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr, ELDRIDGE. I withdraw the demand for
the yeas and nays to see whether the previous
question is seconded or not.
The motion to lay on the table was disagreed to.
The House was then divided; and there were—
ayes (50, noes 35.
So the call for the previous question was sec- j
onued. !
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that the bill be laid j
on the table. !
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia, demanded the |
yeas and nays
Ml*. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eldridge,
and Cole of California, were appointed; '
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty-five.
So (more than one fifth voting in favor thereof)
the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 35, nays 67; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Alien, Aneona, BlUs, James
S. Brown, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Eden, Erigcrtoii, El-
dridge, Fwck, Grider, Harding, Harrington, Charles JVF.
Harris, Herrick, Hutching, William Johnson, King, Le
Blond.Long, MaHory,Marcy, McDowell, James It. Morris
Morrison, Noble, Pendleton, Perry, Robinson. Rogers. Ross,
Scott, Chilton A. White, and Joseph W. White—3o.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnoifi, Ashley, Baily,
John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Jacob B. Blair, Bioom-
all, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole., Creswell, Thomas T.
Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eliot. Famfworth,
Fenton,Fiank,Garfield,-Grinnell.Griswold, Hale, T v>pttr,
Hotchkipp, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Inger-
.soil, Jenckes, Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, Oilando Kel-
logg, Littlejobn, Lomjyear, Marvin, Samuel F. Miliar,
Moot head, Morrill, Daniel Morris Amos Myers, Cba'ftes
O'Neill, Orth, Patterson,Perhain, Price, Alexander 13. Rice,
John II. Itice, Ed waul H. Rollui^Scofield, Shannon, Sloan,
Smithers, Spalding, Thayei, Traoy, Upson, Flihu B. Wa&h
burne, William B. Wa«hburn, Whaley, Wilder, Wilson,
Wmdom, and Woodbndge—67.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. SMITH stated that he was paired with
Mr. Kernan; that his colleague Mr. Randall
was paired with Mr. Stiles; and that his col-
league Mr. Anderson was absent on account of
sickness. *
Mr. KELLEY, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. HARRINGTON objected.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The bill was oidered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. ANCONA asked to have the engrossed
bill read.
The engrossed bill was read.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. LE BLOND. I hope that my colleague
will not press the passage of the bill at this time.
Mr. GARFIELD. Why?
Mr. LE BLOND. The bill has not been print-
ed, and we do not, know what are its provisions.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will yield to any in-
quiry. *
Mr, LE BLOND. We understand on this
side that the bill provides for the punishment of
civilians as well as men in the military ranks.
It ought to be referred to another committee.
Mr. GARFIELD. Thegentleman is entirely
mistaken in regard to that. This bill is for the
amendment of two other acts referred to in it,
and which affect exclusively theAimy in the
field and the department commanders. It is to
have, no effect where civil courts are established,
Mr. LE BLOND. Then I ask my colleague
why he will not let the bill be printed, in order
that every member may be able to judge for him-
self. We prefer, on this side of the House, to
judge matters for ourselves.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will state to my colleague
that the bill was printed in the Globe more than
two weeks ago, and has been placed before eveiy
member of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw the demand for the previous
question so as to allow the gentleman, [Mr. Le
Blond,] or any other member, to state what ob-
jection he has to the punishment of guerrillas
who fire upon our wounded rtien and he m wait
to commit murder.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have suited that if the
gentleman, or any other, desires to ask a question
or to offer an amendment I will yield for that
purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman ftom Ohio that as the bill was intro-
duced under the call of States for resolutions it is
governed by the same rule as prevails in.regard
to resolutions, that is, that if the previous ques-
tion be not moved and seconded upon it, and a
gentleman lisos to debate it, it goes over.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I insist on the pie-
vious question.
Mr. MALLORY. Does it not go over under
the rule if any gentleman rises to debate it ?
