1.864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
■74$
Senate provided that this commutation money
should constitute a fund and should be applied ro
the procuring of substitutes to act within the sev-
eral districts and to represent the several districts
within which and from which the commutation
money was paid; so that if I was drafted and
chose to pay three hundred or four bundled dol-
lars, that money was directed by that bill to be em-
ployed in procuring some volunteer to serve, and
tlius save the necessity of drafting a man, another
of my neighbors.
That was a beneficent feature so far as it went;
but the bill as it now comes from the conference
committee,as I understand,authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to take this whole commutation fund
and to go down into the State of Maryland or the
State of Kentucky and purchase negroes to fill up
the quotas of those States. What is the conse-
quence? You may draft within the congressional
district in which i live, if you please, five thou-
sand men. Two thousand of them pay their com-
mutation. We are then short two thousand men.
The money paid by those two thousand men may
be transported into the State of Maryland or the
State of Delaware or the State of Kentucky or the
State of Missouri, and be invested in the purchase
of negroes to fill up the quotas of those States.
What is the result on my congressional district?
Two thousand men are to be drafted there to fill
up that quota.
Now, let me ask the Senate what these two
thousand men are in the Army for? Not as sub-
stitutes for any of their neighbors, but they are
in the Army as substitutes for somebody in States
they never saw, within which they never placed a
foot, within which perhaps they may never place
a foot. The chairman of the committee says that
a great object is achieved, that you get these col-
ored men into the Army, i admit that is a great
object; I have thought so from the beginning; I
have never had any squeamishness about that
point; but it is no greater object to get coloied
men into the Army than it is to get white men
into the Army; and the authoiity which enables
you to take the one enables you to take the other.
And now, in this the third year of the rebellion,
for the national Legislature to tell its people that
it has got to tax the people of Maine or of Min-
nesota, and tax them large sums, heavy bonuses,
in order to smooth the way to the enlistment of
colored men in the Army of the United States, I
do not think will strike them gratefully. If I a in
mistaken about the operation of this, 1 shall be
very glad to have that mistake removed; but [ take
it just as I understood it to be explained by the
Senator from Massachusetts, and I cannot lecon-
cile myself to the propriety of it by any possibility.
Mr. WILSON, i will say to the Senator that
by the existing law the money paid in as com-
mutation is paid out by the Government for sol-
diers in any part of the country where the Gov-
ernment can get them, and they are credited, not
to the States paying the money, but to the place
where they happen to live. That has been the
practice of the Government under the present law.
The Senate bill provided that the money should
be used to obtain substitutes in the distuct where
the money was paid. The House of Represent-
atives on consideration struck that out. I may
say to the Senator that the. Provost Marshal Gen-
eral believes it is a provision which cannot be
executed, it was stiicken out of the bill, and
there was no earthly chance to put it in again.
What the bill now does m this respect is pre-
cisely what is done at piesent. A person is drafted
and lie pays the commutation money. The Gov-
ernment takes that money and hiies a man jii
Massachusc tts, perhaps, oi m Maryland, oi in
Kentucky, but wherever a man is enlisted he is i
credited to tin; Slate from winch he is taken. !
Mr. HOWE. Exactly; but fnndmstand thnt j
Kentucky is called on for eighteen thousand men,
and Wisconsin, if you phase, for eighteen thou-
sand men also. I do not understand that Wis-
consin is at all relieved by the purchase of men
in Kentucky? They do not go to get men in ex-
cess of fho quota of Wisconsin, bat to fill up the
quota of Kentucky, so that when the mon°y is all :
expended Kentucky only is full and Wisconsin •
is minus. I
Mr. GRIMES. Lot me ask the Senator from ;
Wisconsin if ho does not see that by the opera-
tion of this act, if it shall be carried into effect as i
a law, there will never be another conscription, I
and Wisconsin will never bo called upon for an-
other man? if we can go into Virginia, North
Carolina, Kentucky, Tennessee, arid Missouri,
and there enroll and draft all the colored men as
soldieis, and make them fill up the quotas of those
States, there will be no necessity for their coming
to his State and to mine for new men.
Mr. HOWE. I do not see unless there is a
draft how there is going to be any commutation
money. Unless you draft soldiers from Iowa
and Wisconsin,! do not see how the Government
is going to get a fund from commutation with
which to get colored men in those other States.
M r. GRIMES. The money that is to be paid
to these drafted men is not to be paid out of this
commutation money. The commutation money
goes to those who come forward voluntaiily and
enlist; but the money paid to those who are to
be drafted is not required by the bill now under
consideration to be paid out of the commutation
money at all.
Mr. HOWE. So I understood the chairman.
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing to acknowledge
to the Senator from Kentucky that I do vote for
this measure believing it to be a genuine, good
anti-slavery measure. 1 am not disposed to go
beyond the Constitution and the laws for the pur-
pose of striking at shivery, but when I see that
there is an opportunity fairly and legitimately for
me to strike at slavery, I believe it is not only
my right but my duty to do it, and I am going
to vote for this measure on that ground among
others, because I cannot conceive anything that
can be devised m a constitutional and legal form
that will strike so severe a blow at the institution
as this bill if we shall enact it into a law.
Mr. POWELL. T should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Iowa a question. Does he think it
would be a violation of the Constitution to take
the slave of a loyal man and pay him $300, pro-
vided that slave was worth five hundred or a
thousand dollars?
Mr. GRIMES. I believe the Constitution says
we shall pay a just compensation to the owner of
private property taken for public use. Admit-
ting that this is property, is there any necessity
for anybody to determine it but ourselves? Who
is to determine what is the value of the property?
We say it is three hundred or one hundred dol-
lars. I conceive that that is no violation of the
Constitution. There is nothing in the Constitu-
tion that requires us to go before a court and jury
to determine what may be the value of this kind
of property, admitting it to be propeity.
Mr. HOWE. I want to have this point set-
tled between the Senator from Iowa and the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I understand from one
of them, the Senator from Massachusetts, that it
is the commutation money winch is to constitute
the fund to be employed under the bill in this
way. I undersiand from the Senator from Iowa
that it is some other fund, I do not know what
fu.id. 1 should like to have that point settled.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senatoi will permit me,
I will lead the section now under consideiation.
The first clause of that section as it was passed
by/he House of Repicscntatives ptovided:
That all able-bodied male person* of Afi icau decent,
between the ages ol twenty ind to;!)-five 3 ears, whether j
eilizeiis- or not, teMdent in the United States, shall be en- !
rdJed aceoidmg tu the piovisions or thi  act. and ot the act
to winch tin-* 1- <111 amendment. and lu:;u pai t of the na-
tional ioic ; and when a - la\ e ot a lojai ma.-tei shall be
iliait'1;! and nm^i'ted mt * t!i". ^eiviec of the United States,
his piaster >hu!l h.ive «i < citillcato tln-ieol; and rhe bounty
of ,vlllu, now p:i\ able bv law 101 caeh dratted man, «hail he
paid to the p.n-on to uhojn -ueh diaitcd person ones ser-
vice ut laboi at the t ii!'' O! hi^ nueter into tiie seiviee of tiie
United tin li'vmg the peison."
It allowed the disloyal master to retain his
property m his slave, and if the slave was drafted,
al!ow( d him to go into the Army and serve m the
capacity of a soldier during the war, and then to
be dragged back into slavery at theend ofthc war.
The committee of conference have amended this
provision by staking out "persons of African
descent" in the second line, and inserting " col-
ored petsons;"and by inserting after the word
" thereof," in the eighth line, the words "and J
thereupon" (that is upon his being mustered into I
thescrwee) "sueh slave shall be foievcr fiee;"
and by striking out in the twelfth and thirteenth
lines the words, " 011 freeing the person;" so that
it shall be no longer optional with the master
whether he shall bo fiee or not, provided he has j
once enlisted. I
The clause I have just read provides that the
master shall be paid the $lOO*boun£y now pro-
vided by law; and paid it from what' Prom,tfee
commutation fund? It does not say so. '
Mr. HOWE. Goon. ' /
Mr. GRIMES. I was talking to the Senator
about the question of draft. Now, the section
goes on and provides: "
"Tiie Secretary of War shall appoint a commission in
each of the slave States represented in Congress. Charged to
award to each loyal person to whom a colored volunteer'5—
not a drafted man; that is referred to in the pre-
ceding clause; but" to whom a," not the colored
drafted man, but " to whom a colored volunteer
may owe service, a just compensation, not ex-
ceeding $300, for each such colored volunteer,51
not drafted man, "payable out of the fund de-
rived from commutations; and every such colored
volunteer upon being mustered into the service of
the United States shall be free."
Mr. HOWE. Precisely.
Mr. GRIMES. I was calling the attention of
the Senator from Wisconsin to the fact that he was
arguing the question as though the money that is
to be paid to the drafted men is to come out'ofthe
commutation fund; but the bill does not provide
that it shall come out of the commutation funcf?
There are two different classes of persons pro-
vided for in this section; one of them the colored
men who are drafted under the law, and the other
volunteers who have enlisted or may enlist. The
contemporaneous history of it in the proceedings
in the House of Representatives shows that the
first part of the section was inserted in that House
upon the motion of a distinguished Representa-
tive from Pennsylvania, and the last part of it,
relating to volunteers, upon the motion of a Rep-
resentative from Maryland. Now, what we want
to reach in this bill is an opportunity to draft the
colored men in the several States. I would not
be particular about this last clause of the section
if it were not already there.
Mr. HOWE. You get that opportunity to draft
colored men in every State where they exist by
simply enrolling them. Then you can uiaft them.
But a volunteer is not a drafted man. You pro-
pose to use the commutation money raised in one
State to secure colored volunteers in otherStates,
to avoid drafts within those other States, drafts
either of colored or white men. That is the in-
evitable interpretation. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts was entirely correct in his statementof it.
Mr. WILSON. You do that now under the
existing law.
Mr. HOWE. I understand from the chairman,
and I have no doubt he is entirely correct in say-
ing so, that that is the practical application of the
fund; but the effort of this Congress has been to
amend that law. God knows it needed amend-
ment enough; but do not tell me that this is an
amendment, for it is anything butan amendment.
It is not an improvement; it is a change, but 1 do
say with all the deference in the world that it is
a change for the worse, and not for the better.
I cannot see the justice or the propriety of it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish some gentleman
would explain to me where is the necessity and
what is the use of incorporating into this bill any
provision for the purpose of drafting, not colored
folks, but negroes. Cannot this Administration
get enough of that class of people without at-
tempting to draft them? If there is a slave that
is unwilling to leave his master and to go into the
public service to fight what he is told is the battle
for his freedom, are you going to drag him from
his home contrary to his own wish?
Let me say to Senatois that perhaps I have had
more observation in reference to the power of this
Administration to get negro soldiers than most of
them. I live in a community whore I have seen
the operations of this Administration in that re-
"f^ird. I hold in my hand a letter which I received
only a few moments ago, stating that they have
negro soldiers from Pennsylvania marching
tlnough the section of country where I live, in-
ducing away, persuading away the slaves of any
and everybody, and that in the little village in
which I live these negio soldiers are now quar-
tered, marching up and down the streets with
horrid oaths, and snapping their pistols at white
men; and the friend thnt writes to me congratu-
lates me thai I am in Washington, and hopes that
I will remain here in peace, because that peaceful
village has become unfit to live in by this effort
