1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16t
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong. ... 1st Siss.
elected by the voters qualified to elect members
of the Legislative Assembly, whoshall be entitled
to the same rights and privileges as are exercised
and enjoyed by the Dc-Iegates from the several
other Territories of the United States to the said
House of Representatives; but the Delegate first
elected shall hold his seat only during the term of
the Congress to which he shall be elected. The
first election shall be held at such time and places,
and be conducted in such manner, as the Governor
shall appoint and direct; and at all subsequent
elections the time and places, and manner of hold-
ing the elections, shall bepreseribed by law. The
person having the greatest number oflegal votes
shall be declared by the Governor to be duly
elected, and a certificate thereof shall be given ac-
cordingly. That the Constitution and all laws of
the United States, which are not locally inappli-
cable, shall have the same force and effect within
the said Territory of Montana as elsewhere within
the United States.
Sec. 14. And be it farther enacted, That when
the lands in the said Territory shall be surveyed
under the direction of the Government of the
United States, preparatory to bringing the same
into market, sections numbered sixteen and thirty-
six ill each township in said Territory shall be,
and the same are hereby, reserved fortlie purpose
of being applied to schools in said Territory and
in the States and Territories hereafter to be erected
out of the same.
Sec. 15. And be it farther enacted, That, until
otherwise providtd by law, the Governor of said
Territory may define the judicial districts of said
Territory, and assign the judges who may be ap-
pointed for said Territory to the several districts,
and also appoint the times and places for holding
courts in the several counties or subdivisions in
each of said judicial districts, by proclamation to
be issued by him; but the Legislative Assembly,
at their first or any subsequent session, may or-
ganize, alter, or modify such judicial districts, and
assign the judges, and alter "the times and places
of"holding the couits, as to them shall seem proper
and convenient.
Sec. 16. And be it further cnacted, That all offi-
cers to be appointed by the President of the United
States, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, for the Territory of Montana, who, by
virtue of the provisions of any law now existing,
or which may be enacted by Congress, are re-
quired to give security for moneys that may be
intrusted with them for disbursement, shall give
such seourity at such time and in such manner as
tile Secretaiy of the Treasury may prescribe.
Sec. 17. And be ii farther enacted, That all
treaties, laws, and other engagements made by
the. Government of the United States with the
Indian tribes inhabiting the territory embraced
within the provisions of this act, shall be faith-
fully and rigidly observed, anything contained in
this act to the contrary notwithstanding; and that
the existing agencies and superintendcncios of
said Indians be continued, with the same pow-
ers and duties which aie now piesciibed by Jaw,
except that tile President of the United States
may, at his discretion, change the location of the
office of said agencies or superintendents.
Sec. 18. .flnil he. it further enacted, That, until
Congress shall otherwise direct, all that part of
the Territory of Idaho included wi'hin the fol-
io wing boundaries, to wit: Commencing at a point
formed by the intersection of the thirty-third de-
gree of longitude west fiom "Washington with the
forty-first degree of noith latitude; thence along
said thirty-third degree of longitude to the crest
of the Rocky mountains; thence northward along
the said crest of the Rocky mountains to its in-
tersection with the forty-fourth degree and thirty
minutes of north latitude; thence eastward along
said forty-fourth degree thirty minutes north lat-
itude to the thirty-fourth degiee of longitude west
from Washington; thence northward along said
thirty-fourth degree of longitude to its intersec-
tion with the l'orty-fifth degree north latitude;
thence castwaid along said forty-fifth degree of
north latitude to its intersection with the twenty-
seventh degree of longitude west from Washing-
ton; thence south along said twenty-seventh de-
gree of longitude west from Washington to the,
torty-first degree north latitude; thence west along
said forty-first degree of latitude to the place of
beginning, shall be, and is hereby, incorporated
temporarily into and made part of the Territory
of Dakota.
Approved, May 26, 18G4.
Ciiap. XCVI.—An Act for the Classification of
the Clerks to Paymasters in the Navy, and
graduating their Pay.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Unv.se of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the annual pay of clerks to pay-
masters in the Navy shall be as follows, namely:
Clerks to paymasters at the Boston, New York,
Washington, and Philadelphia.stations, twelve
hundred dollars.
At other stations, one thousand dollars.
Clerks to inspectors in charge of provisions
and clothing at Boston, New York, andPhiladel-
phia, twelve hundred dollars. ■
At other inspections, one thousand dollars.
Clerks to paymasters in receiving ships at Cos-
ton and New York, twelve hundred dollars.
In other receiving ships, and in vessels of the
first rate, and at the Naval Academy, one thou-
sand dollars.
Clerks to fleet paymasters and to paymasters of
vessels of the second rate, eighthundred dollars.
Clerks to paymasters of vessels of the third
rate, having complements of more than one hun-
dred and seventy-five persons, and to paymas-
ters of supply steamers and store vessels, seven
hundred dollars: Provided, That no paymaster
or assistant paymaster shall be allowed a clerk in
a vessel having the complement of one hundred
and seventy-five persons or less, excepting in sup-
ply steamers and store vessels: And provided far-
ther, That nothing in this act shall be construed
to alter the pay now allowed by law to the pay-
master's clerk at Mare Island.
Appkoyed, May 26, 1864.
Ciiap. XCV1I.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Payment of the Awards made by the
Commissioners appointed under and by virtue
of an Act of Congress entitled "An Act for the
Relief of Persons for Damages sustained by
reason of the Depredations and Injuries by cer-
tain Bands of Sioux Indians," approved Febru-
ary sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of (he United States of America, in Congress
assembled, 'fiiut the sum of nine hundred and twen-
ty-eightlhousand four hundred and eleven dollars,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
payment of the several amounts awarded by the
commission appointed under and by virtue of an
act of Congress entitled "An act for the relief of
persons for damages sustained by reason of the
depredations and injuries by certain bands of Sioux
Indians," approved February sixteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, to the several persons,
firms, estates, and corporations, respectively, to
whom such amounts were awarded by said com-
missioners, except the following persons, estates,
and firms, to whom awards were made as afore-
said, to wit: Antoine Roberts, J. C. Toberer,
Gilbault & Company, W. L. Sumner, G. L.
Mendelsohn, D. C. Marvin, Joseph Popp, 15.
Hembach, W. W. Pendergast, Louis Theobald,
J. & C. M. Dailey, B. H. Randall, Louis Rob-
ert, W. H. Forbes, estate of S. t>. Garvie, de-
ceased, A. Vajeii & Brother, T. I. Pierce, estate
of Francis Labatlie, deceased, S. A. Hooper, es-
tate of James C. Dickenson, deceased, Henry
Apple, Theodore Crone, Charles Jacobs, F. Im-
mel, II. C. Cooper, Ii. D. Cunningham, Joseph
Descoteau, and Henry Eehnke, which last claim
is numbered 366 on the books of said commis-
sioners.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That for the
payment of so much of said awards made by said
commissioners to the persons, firms, and estates
specifically named in the first section of this act,
as the Secretary of the Interior shall, upon ex-
amination, find to be due to them respectively,
under said act approved February sixteen, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixly-thiee, the
further sum of two hundred and forty-one thou-
sand nine hundred and sixty-three dollars, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, be-, and the
same is hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated. And
the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized
and directed to pay to the said several claimants,
or to their attorneys heretofore or hereafter duly
authorized, other than those claimants specifically
named in the. first section of this act, the several
amounts as awarded by said commissioners, and
also to pay_ the several sums he may find duo,
not exceeding the amounts respectively awarded
by said commissioners to the said persons, firms,
and estates so specifically named.
Approved, May 28, 1864.
Chap. XCVIII.—An Act authorizing the estab-
lishment of Ocean Mail Steamship Service be-
tween the United States and Brazil.
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized to unite with the gen-
eral post office department of the empire of Brazil,
or such officer of the Government of Brazil as
shall be authorized to act for that Government, in
establishing direct mail communication between
the two countries by means of a monthly line of
first-class American sea-going steamships, to be
of not less than two thousand tons burden each,
and of sufficient number to perform twelve round
trips or voyages per annum between a port ofthe
United States, north of the Potomac river, and Rio
de Janeiro, in Brazil, touching at Saint Thomas,
in the West Indies, at Bahia, Pernambuco, and
such other Brazilian and intermediate port or ports
as shall be considered necessary and expedient:
Provided, That the expenso of the service shall
be divided between the two Governments, and that
the United States portion thereofshall notexceed
tiro sum of one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars for the performance of twelve round trips per
annum, to he paid out of any money appropri-
ated for the service ofthe Post Office Department.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and he is hereby, authorized
to invite proposalsfor said mail steamship service
by public advertisement for the period of sixty
days in one or more newspapers published in the
cities; of Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia,
New York, and Boston, respectively, and to eon-
tract with the lowest responsible bidder for the
same for a term of ton years, to commence from
the day the first steamship of the proposed line
shall depart from theUnited States with the mails
for Brazil: Provided, That proposals for monthly
trips—that is to say, for twelve round voyages
per annum, out and back—arc received and ac-
cepted by him within the limit as aforesaid, from
a party or parties of undoubted responsibility,
possessing ample ability to furnish the steamships
required for the service, and offering good and
sufficient sureties for the faithful performance of
such contract: And provided further, That such
proposals shall be accepted by the Government of
Brazil, and that distinct and separate contracts
with each Government, containing similar provis-
ions, shall be executed by such accepted bidder
or bidders; each Government to be responsible
only for its proportion of the subsidy to be paid
for the service.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, Thafanycon-
tract which the Postmaster General may execute
under the authority of this act shall go into effect
on or before the first day of September, one thou-
sand eight hundred and sixty-five; and shall, in
addition to the usual stipulations of ocean mail
steamship contracts, provide that the steamships
offered for the service shall be constructed of the
best materials and after the mostapproved model,
with all the modern improvements adapted for
sea-going steamships of the first class; and shall,
before their approval and acceptance by the Post-
master General, be subject to inspection and sur-
vey by an experienced naval constructor, to be
detailed for that purpose by the Secretary of the
Navy, whose report shall be made to the Post-
master General; that the two Governments shall
be entitled to have transported, free of expense,
on each and every steamer, a mail agent to take
charge of and arrange the mail matter, to whom
