mn
THE] CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 6,
The SPEAKER. It does not, for the previous
question was not withdrawn.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. ALLEY called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Alli&on, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
Baily, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blame, Jacob B. Blair,
Broomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Creswell,
Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eliot, Farns worth, Fen-
ton, Frank, Garfield, Gooeh,Grinnell,Griswold, Hale, Hoo-
per, ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,John U. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Ingers'oll, JenckeajJulian, Kelley, FrancisW. Kellogg,
Orlando Kellogg, Littlejohn, Longyear, Marvin, Mclmloe,
Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos
Myers, Charles O'Neill, Orth. Patterson, Perham, Piice,
Alexander H. Rice, John H. luce, Edward H. Rollins, Sco-
field, Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Spaldinp, Thayer, Tracy,
Upson, Elihu B.Washburnc, William B. Washburn, Wha-
ley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom,and Woodbridge
—72.
NAYS—Messrs James C. Allen, Aneona, Augnstns C.
Bg4dwin, Bliss, Coffroth, Cravens, Henry Winter Davit*,
Dawson, Denison,Eden, Edgerion, Eldridge, Finck, Grider,
Harding, Harrington, Charles M. Harris, Hutchins, King,
Knapp,Le Blond", Long, Maliory, Marcy, McDowell, Mor-
rison, Noble, Pendleton, Perry, Robinson, Rogers, Ross,
Strouse, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Clnlton A. White, and Jo-
seph W. White—37.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mi*. DAWES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bout well, whs necessarily absent, and was paired
off with Mr. Middleton.
Mr. DAVIS, of Now York, st&ed that he was
paired off with his colleague, Mr. Steele.
Mr. GARFIELD stated that his colleague, Mr.
Schejjck, was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. A. W. CLARK stated that his colleague,
Mr. Van Valkenuuruh, had been called away on
business.
Mr. ALLISON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Kasson, was absent on account of illness.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, made asimilar statement
in refoivne.e to his colleague, Mr. Pike.
Thc-vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RIGHT OF ASYU1M.
Mr, COX introduced tho following resolution,
and moved the preyiouN question on its adoption:
Resolved, That tho recent extradition of a Spanish sub-
ject, by the action of the duet' K.vecuiive of the United
Stales, in the absence of a taw or tioaty on that subject,
was a violation ol the Constitution ot tin- United States
and of tin- law of nations, and in derogation of the right of
i\>ylum, which has ever been a distinguishing teature of
our political .-ystcin.
Mr. COX called for tellers on the previous
question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Cobb were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 38, noes 57.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WILSON. I move to refer the resolution
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by rcfening it to
the Committee on Foreign Affaire.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FA11NSW011TH. * 1 move to amend by
refcningthe resolution to the select committee on
emigration,
Mr. COX. I suppose the object of the gentle-
man is to break duwn the right of asylum.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FINCK called for the yeas and nays on
tho motion to refer to the Judiciary Committee.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. WAS11BURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the reading of that resolution.
Mr. COX. I do not think it has been under-
stood on the other side of the House. I insiston
the leading. [LaughVr.J
The resolution was again read.
Mr. W ASBBCJRNE, of Illinois. That is suffi-
cu nt. J see the resolution is in reference to a man-
stealer and slave-dealer.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Baiiy,
John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blame, JacobB. Blair, Broom-
all, Ambrose W.Clark, Cobb. Cole, Creswell, lleury Whi-
ter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eliot, Farnsvvorth, Fenton, Frank, Garfield, Uooch,
Grinned, Hale, Hotehkiss, Asahel W. JIubbard, John fl.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersolh.Tenekee, Julian, Keiley, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Littlejohn, Long) ear,
Marvin, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Millar, Moorhead, Mornll,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Charles CPNoill, Orth, Pat-
terson, Perham, Price, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice,
Edward H. Rollins, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smithers,
Spalding, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Up^ori, Elilm B. YVash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Williams, Wilder,
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—72.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Aneona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Bliss, James S. Brown, CotFioth, Cox, Cravens,
Dawson, Dentson, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Finck, Gan-
son, Harding, Harrington, Charles M. Harris, Holnian,
Hutchins, William Johnson, King, Knapp, Law, Lazear,
Le Blond, Long, Maliory, Marey, McDowell, Jame* R.
Morris, Morrison, Pendleton, Perry, Robinson, Rogers,
floss, Scott, Strouse, Wadsworth, Wheeler, Chilton A.
White, and Joseph W. White—43.
So the resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was referred; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUDICIARY BUSINESS.
Mr. WILSON. Has the morning hour ex-
^ The SPEAKER. It has expired. The re-
mainder of the day is, by the order of the House,
set apart for the business of the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. COX. Before the House proceeds to the
■consideration of the judiciary business, I ask the
consent of the House to have printed a report of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs relative to
Mexican affairs.
Mr. WILSON. I have been appealed to by
many gentlemen around me to yield; and that I
may not do injustice to any, I must decline the
lirat request that comes.
Mr. COX. The gentleman will understand
that no action is asked; it is merely to print the
paper.
Mr. WILSON. If I yield to one I must to
others; 1 decline.
WISCONSIN CIRCUIT COUltT.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back Senate bill No. 53, in re-
lation to the circuit court in and for the district of
Wisconsin.
Mr. KROWN, of Wisconsin. I desiretomove
an amendment to that bill.
Mr. WILSON. I will hear the gentleman's
amendment.
Mr. HllOWN, of Wisconsin. I propose to
add the following proviso:
Piovidcdy That nothing herein contained thall be eon-
'stimul to inteileie with the execution of processes or or-
der- oi <*alo, aheady in part executed, but the same shall
pioceeil as if this act had not been paired.
Mr. WILSON. I see no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
tending; and was accordingly read the third time,
ami parked.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VIRGINIA JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
potted back Senate bill No. 250, to change and
define the boundaiies of the eastern and western
districts of Virginia, to alter the names of said dis-
tricts, and for other purposes.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to make a suggestion
to the gentleman from Iowa. The county of
Berkeley has been by the old State of Virginia
recently transferred to the State of West Vir-
ginia, and accepted by the State of West Vir-
ginia. It will therefoie fall by this bill within
the limits of that judicial distuct, for 1 pirceive
by the pi o vision of this bill that the <1 is ti k t courts
of the United States arc to conform to the State
lines, and there may difficulty arise if jurisdiction
should be attempted to be exercised by the dis-
trict court of West Virginia and this county.
I suggest, therefore, to the gentleman from Iowa
that there should be a provision insei ted into tins
bill for the ratification of the transfer of that
county.
Mr. WILSON. If the facts be as stated by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, the interests of
that county will not be affected at all by this bill.
That question is not at all involved in the ques-
tions presented by this bill, and I would prefer
that it should be provided for in a separate bill.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection at all. I
merely made the suggestion to the gentleman.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. I assure the
gentleman that no difficulty will arise out of this
matter, and the object sought by him will be pro-
vided in a separate bill.
Mr. WILSON. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, ofMaryland. I ask the gentleman
to allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I will hear it.
Mr. DAVIS, ofMaryland. 1 willstatethfttthe
law now requires thecircuitcourtofVirginia to be
held at Richmond. The district court is now ad-
ministering justice? or injustice, very arbitrarily
at Alexandria.
Mr. WILSON. I will state to the gentleman
that that matter is now before the Committee on
the Judiciary on a resolution introduced by my-
self.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Will the gentleman
allow me to offer an amendment to the bill?
Mr. WILSON. I prefer not to, as the subject ia
now before the committee, and it will be impos-
sible to meet the difficulty by a few lines in this
bill.
Mr. DAVIS, ofMaryland. The gentleman will
hear my amendment read ?
Mr. WILSON. Of course.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It is this:
And be it fui thcr enacted^ That the circuit court of Vir-
ginia '■dial! bo held at Alexandria so long as Virginia is the
the.iU'i ol nnhktiy upeiations.
Surely there can be no objection to thnt.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman will find many
difficulties springing up as to the matter of juris-
diction under an amendment of that kind. I pre-
fer that the committee report a separate bill to
meet that case. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
read a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the voto
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUMMARY TRIAL OF MINOR OFFENSES.
Mr. WILSON, fiom the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, an act (S. No. 52) to provide for
the summary trial of minor offenses against the
laws of the United States.
The bill, which was read, provides:
Thar it*hall be lawful for the nidge of any distiict court
ol the United States to hold a special session ot said court
at any tunc, whether in turn or vacation, loi ihetual of
minor otl'enses against the laws of the United States as
hereinafter provided.
Sfc. 2. '■'hul be it fuitker enacted, That whenever a
complaint sliati be made against anv master, ortieer, or mar-
iner of any ship or vessel bcloncmg, in whole or m part,
to any citizen or citizens or the United States, of the com-
ot any oflense, not capital orotheiwis-cmiamous,
agaui>t any law of the United States made foi the protec-
tion of persons, or property engaged in commerce or navi-
gation, it'-hall be the duty of the district attorney to inves-
tigate the tame, and the genera! nature thereof, and if, m
his opinion, the case is such as should be summarily tried
undei the provisions of this act, he shall jepoit the same
to the disiiiet judge, and the judge shall forthwith, or as
soon as the nidmaiy business of the comt will permit, pio-
eeed to try the cause, and for that purpose may, if neces-
suiy, hold a special session of the court.
Sec. 3. And be it fuither enacted, That at such trial it
shrill not bcnnce^ary that the accused shall have been pre-
viously indicted, but a statement of complaint, venfied by
oath, m wilting, shall be pieM-nted to the court, setting
out the oljonso m sue!) mariner as clearly to appu^e tho
accused ot the ch.nacter of the oiYense complained of, and
to enable imn to answer the complaint. And the sain com-
plaint or i*tiit<'inent -hall bo read to the nceus-cd, who may
plead to or ansvvei the same, or make a counter state-
ment.
Sec. 4. Jin'I be it farther enacted, That the s-.ud trial
-hall thereupon he pioeoeded with in a Mimmary manner,
and the cast- -hall be decided by the court, unless, at the
tune tor pleading or ansvvei ing, the accused shall dennml
ajnry, in which case the tiial shall be upon the complaint
and plea of not guilty.
