1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
27*3
Sec. 5. Jlnd*be it further enacted, That it shall not be
lawful for the eouit to sentence any person convictcd on
such trial to any greater punishment than imprisonment
in jail foj one year, or to .i Hue cxceeJiug $300, or both, in
its discretion, in tiio^e ea^es where th<' l.iw& of the United
States authorize such imp!i-oniuent and fine.
tiEC. 6. 4Jiii'i be it farther enacted, That it shall he law-
ful tor the court to allow the di^tnct attorney to amend his
statement oi complaint at any stage of the proceedings,
befote verdict, if, in the opinion of the court, such amend-
ment will woik no inju>tiee t<> the accused; and if it ap-
pear to the ootur that the accused is unprepaieri to me^t
the chaige as amended, and that an adjournment of the
cau->e will promote the ends of justice, such adjourn-
ment shall be made until a further day, to be fixed by the
couit.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That at such trial, if
by jury, the United States and the accused shall each be
entitled to three peremptoiy challanges. Challenges for
cause shall be tried by the court without the aid of triers.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WAR NEWS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House for its
information the following letter from the Secre-
tary of War;
War Department,
Washington, June 6, 7 a. m.
Sir: We have dispatches from General Grant's head-
quarters down to six o'clock last evening, winch state that
there bad been no fighting during the day.
The enemy made an attack Saturday night upon Han-
cock, Wiijjht, and Smith, but were evorj where lepuHed.
Hancock's lines aie brought within foity yaids of the
rebel works.
The rebels were very bu>y Saturday con&tinoting in-
treiicbiiients on the west side of the Ohickahominy, at
Bottom's Hridge, and toward evening thiew a party aeioss
to the east aide.
A dispatch fioni General Sherman, dated yesterday after-
noon, June 5, half past thiee o'clock, at Altoona cieek,
states: that " the enemy, discovering us moving round his
ri^rht flank, abandoned hi^ position las-t niaht, and matched
oil". McPherson is moving to-day for Acksworfh. Thomas
is on the direct Marietta load, and Scholleld on Ins right.
It ha  been laming haid tor ihtfe. day>, and the roads are
lieavv. An examination of the enemy's abandoned line of
work- here allows an immen>e line of woik , which I have
turned with le*s loss to ourselves than we have inflicted
upon them."
The aimy's supplies of forage and provisions are ample
Very respectfully, youi obedient seivant,
EDWIN M STAM'ON.
Scctctary oj fVar.
Hon. Sciiuyler Colfax.
Speakei of the House of Representatives.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
On motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary w?s discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of sundry
citizens of Butler county, Ohio, praying for an
amendment of the naturalization laws; and the
same was laid on the table.
"WISCONSIN" AND MINNESOTA BOUNDARY LINE.
On motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of D. G.
Morrison and others, citizens of Superior City,
Douglas county, Wisconsin, asking for the pas-
sage of an act authorizing a change of the bound-
ary line of Wisconsin and Minn *sota; and the
same was laid on the table.
CONFISCATION ACT.
On motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was discharged lrom the
further consideration of a bill (II. R. No. 329)
to amend the laws providing for the confiscation
of rebel property; and the same was laid on the
table.
LIMITATION OF ACTIONS.
Mr. "WILSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, an act (S. No. 42) in relation to
the limitation of actions m certain cases.
The bill, which was read, provides that when-
ever, during the existence of the present rebel-
lion, any action, civil or criminal, shall accrue
against any peison who, by reason of resistance
to the execution of the laws of the United States,
or the interruption of the ordinary course of ju-
dicial proceedings, cannot bn served with process
for the commencement of huch action or the ar-
rest of such person, or whenever, after such ac-
tion, civil or criminal, shall have accrued, such
person cannot, by reason of such resistan.ee of the
laws, or such interruption ofjudicial proceedings?,
be arrested or served with process for the com-
mencement of the action, the time during which
such person shall so be beyond the reach of legal
process shall not be deemed or taken as any part
of the time limited by law for the commencement
of such action.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time,
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to Jay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDICTMENTS WHEN FOUND.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, an act (II. R. No. 274) in relation
to the computation of time within which an in-
dictment may be found against persons charged
with crimes against the laws of the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the votef
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUITS AGAINST THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committeeon the Judi-
ciary, reported back Senate bill No. 28, relating
to members of Congress, heads of Departments,
and other officers of the Government.
The bill was read. It prescribes penalties for
members of Congress, heads of Departments, or
other officers engaging as attorneys or counsel-
ors m suits against the Government.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY AND EMOLUMENTS 01? OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
ported back House bill No. 281, to amend the
sixteenth section of the act entitled "An act fo
define the pay and emoluments of certain officers
in the Army, and for other purposes/5 approved
July 17, 186:3.
The bill was rca3. 11 provides additional guards
against officeis of the Government being engaged
in speculations upon the Government.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUNISHMENT OF COUNTERFEITING, ETC.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
potted back the bill of the House to prevent the
selling and circulation of counterfeit coin and
counterfeit and altered Treasury notes and postage
currency bills.
The bill was read. It provides a penalty of
$5,000 fine and not exceeding ten years imprison-
ment for passing or circulating counterfeit coin,
counterfeit or altered Treasury notes or postage
currency bills. It also makes it the duty of the
national banking associationsand collectors of the
Government to break such counterfeit coin as may
come into their possession, and to stamp or write
upon counterfeit or alteredTreasury notes or post-
age currency, in such manner as shall prevent
their ciiculation, being responsible to the party
for any genuine money so broken or stamped.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEPOSIT VILLAGE.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
ported back House bill No. 497, m relation to
the village of Deposit, Delaware county, New
York.
The bill was read. It states that the village of
Deposit is located partly in Delaware county ahd
partly in Broome "county, and provides that for
all national purposes it shall be considered as
wholly in Delaware county.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed. '
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the rote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to recousider on the table.
• The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS OF JOSEPH NOURSE.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
ported back the memorial of the legal represent-
atives of Joseph Nourse; which was laid on the
table, and the committee discharged from its fur-
ther consideration.
WILLIAM 3D. SIIIPMAN.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely upon the memorial of William
D. Shipman for increased pay of the judges of
the district court; which was laid on the table.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE GRANTS.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that itdo not
pass, House bill No. 286, to extend the time for
the acceptance of the act entitled "An actdonat-
ing public lands to the several States and Terri-
tories which may provide colleges for the benefit
of agriculture and the mechanic arts," approved
July 2, 18G2, and to amend said act.
The bill was laid on the table.
SALARIES OF UNITED STATES JUDGES.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, House bill No. 275, to fix the salaries
of the justices of the Supreme Court and certain
of the judges of the district court of the United
States.
The bill was laid on the table.
PUNISIIMKNT OP INSURRECTION, ETC.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, joint resolution H. R. No. 17, repealing
part of the joint resolution explanatory of an act
" to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and
rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property of
rebels, and for other purposes," approved July
17, 1862.
The resolution was laid on the table.
MEMPHIS CIVIL COMMISSION.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with the recommendation that it do
not pass, House bill No. 90, to legalize and es-
tablish the civil commi'ssion at Memphis.
The bill was laid on the table.
GOLD CONTRACTS.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass; House bill No. 248, to regulate con-
tracts for gold.
The bill was laid on the table.
KENTUCKY REBEL RAIDS. •
Mr. WILSON, from the same-committee, re-
ported back the resolutions of the State of Ken-
tucky to reimburse the State for losses by rebel
raids; which were laid on the table, and the com-
mittee discharged from their further considera-
tion.
PUNISHMENT OF TREASON, ETC.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that itdo not
pass, House bill No. 6, to repeal joint resolution
No. 63, approved July 17, 1862.
The bill was laid on the table.
A. F. ALLEN.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
ported back the petition of A. E. Allen asking
compensation for loss of building; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on the Judici-
ary, reported back with amendments and with the
recommendation that it do pass, joint resolution
(H. R. No. 87) amendatory of an act to provide
for the deficiency in the appropriation for the pay
