1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16.9
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
good running order a section of twenty consecu-
tive miles of the main line of said road west of
Nevada, then the Secretary shall convey to said
company one third, and no more, of the lands
granted for said connecting branch. And when
said company shall complete an additional section
of twenty consecutive miles, and furnish the Sec-
retary of the Interior with proof as aforesaid, then
the said Secretary may convey to the said"com-
pany another third of the lands granted for said
connecting branch; and when said company shall
complete an additional section of twenty miles,
making in all sixty miles west of Nevada, the
Secretary, upon proof furnished as aforesaid, may
convey to the said company the remainder of said
lands to aid in the construction of said connecting
branch: Provided, however, That no lands shall be
conveyed to said company on account of said
connecting branch road until the Governor of the
State of Iowa shall certify to the Secretary of the
Interior that the same shall have been completed
as a first-class railroad. And no land shall be con-
veyed to said company situate and lying within
fifteen miles of the oiiginal lmeof the Mississippi
and Misaouii railroad, as laid down on a map on
file in the Guneial Laud Office: Provided further,
That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Interior, and he is hereby required, to reserve a
quantity of land embraced in the grant described
in this section", sufficient, in the opinion, of the
Governor of Iowa, to secure the construction of
a branch lailroad from the town of Lyons, in the
State of Iowa, so as to connect.with'the main line
in or west of the town of Clinton in said State,
until the Governor of said State shall certify that
said branch railroad is completed according to !hc
requirements of the laws of said State: Provided
further, That nothing herein contained shall be so
construed as to release said company from its ob-
ligation to complete the said main line within the
time mentioned in the original grant: Provided fur-
ther, That nothing in this act shall be construed to
interfere with, or many manner, impair any rights
acquired by any railroad company named in the
act to which this is an amendment, or the lights
of any corporation, person or persons, acquired
through any such company; nor shall it be con-
strued to impair any vested right of property, but
such rights are hereby reserved and confirmed:
Provided, however, That no lands shall be conveyed
to any company or party whatsoever, under the
piovisions of this act and the act amended by this
act, which have been settled upon and improved
in good faith by a bona fide inhabitant, under color
of title derived fiom the United States or from the
State of Iowa adverse to the grant made by this
act or the act to which this act is an amendment.
Jjut eacli of said companies may select an equal
quantity of public lands as described in this act
within the distance of twenty miles of the line of
each ofsaid roads in lieu of lands thus settled upon
and improved by bona fide inhabitants in good
faith under color of title as aforesaid.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Mis-
sissippi and Missouri Railroad Company shall
have the right to transfer and assign all or any
part of the grant hereby made to said company
to any other company, or person or persons, if,
in the opinion ofsaid company, the construction
of the said railroad across the State of Iowa will
' be thereby sooner and more satisfactorily com-
pleted; but such assignee shall not in any case be
released from the liabilities and conditions ac-
companying this grant, nor acquire perfect title
ui any other manner than the same would have
been acquired by the grantee herein named: Pro-
vided, That said transfer arfifl assignment shall
first be authorized by the Governor of the State
of Iowa.
Sec. G. And he it further enacted, That the Du-
buque and Sioux City Railroad Company may
bo far change their line between Fort Dodge and
Sioux City as to secure the best route between
those points; said change shall not impair the
right to, nor change the location of, their present
land grant. A map of the change shall be filed
with the Commissioner of the General Land Office
within one year after the passage of this act.
Sec. 7. Jlad be it further enacted, That all of
the conditions and limitations contained in the
act to which this act is an amendment, and not
expressly changed by tliis act, shall attach to and
run with the grants made by this act, except as
the said1 conditions and limitations have oeen;
modified, and may hereafter be modified, by the
General Assembly of the State of Iowa.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no lands
hereby granted shall be certified to either of said
companies until the Governor of the State of Iowa
shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior that
the said company has completed, ready for the
rolling stock, within one year from the first day
of July next, a section of not less than twenty
miles from the present terminus of the completed
portion of said railroad, and in each year there-
after an additional section of twenty miles; but
the number of sections per mile originally au-
thorized shall be certified to each compapy, upon
proof as aforesaid of the completion of the addi-
tional sections of the road as aforesaid; and upon
the failure of either company to complete cither
section as aforesaid, to be annually built, the por-
tion of the land remaining uncertified shall become
subject to the control and disposition of the Legis-
lature of the State of Iowa, to aid in the comple-
tion of such road.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all lands
hereafter certified to either of the land-grant rail-
roads in said State, and lying opposite any com-
pleted section of such road, shall be offered for
sale by the company to which they shall be cer-
tified within three years from the completion of
such section, if then certified; and if not, then
within three years from the date of such certifi-
cate at reasonable prices; and if not all sold
within that period then during thefourth year all
such lands remaining unsold shall be exposed to
public sale, after previous notice posted at the
county seat of the county in which such lands
shall he situated, to the highest bidder, and in
tracts not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres
each.
Approved, June 2, 1864.
CiiAr.CIV.—An Act to incorporate the News-
boys' Home.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Joseph Henry, J. W. Forney,
Henry Beard, Sayles J. Bo wen, and A. M. Gang-
wer, their associates and successors, being mem-
bers of said society, by paying into its treasury
the sum of two dollars annually, or life mem-
bers, by paying fifty dollars at one time, are
hereby incorporated and made a body-politic, by
the name of The Newsboys'Home of Wash-
ington City, for the put pose of providing lodg-
ings, meals, and instruction to such homeless
and indigent boys as may properly come under
the charge of such association, to provide for
them a suitable home, board, clothing, and in-
struction, and to bring them under Christian in-
fluence; and by that name shall have perpetual
succession, with power to use a common seal, to
sue and be sued, to plead and be impleaded in
any court of competent jurisdiction within the
District of Columbia, to collect subscriptions,
make by-laws, rules, and regulations needful for
thegovernment of said corporation not inconsist-
ent with the laws of the United States; to have,
hold, and receive real estate by purchase,gift, or
devise; to use, sell, or convey the same for the
purposes and benefit of said corporation, and to
choose such officers and teachers as may be ne-
cessary, prescribe their duties, and fix the rate
of their compensation.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the offi-
cers of said association shall consist of a presi-
dent, two vice presidents, secretary, treasurer, and
a board of managers, to be composed of fifteen
members, the whole to constitute an executive
committee, whose duty it shall be to carry into
effect the plans and purposes for which said as-
sociation was formed, all of which officers shall
be elected on the first Tuesday in February in
each year at the annual meeting of said associa-
tion, which shall be held on said day; their suc-
cessors shall be elected and hold their offices for
the term of one year, and until their successors
shall be duly elected. And m case of a vacancy
it shall be filled by the other members of the ex-
ecutive committee.
Approved, June 2, 1864.
Chap. CVI.—An Act to provide a National Cur-
rency, secured by a Pledge of United States
Bonds, and to provide for the Circulation and
Redemption thereof.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there sh^ll be established in the
Treasury Department a separate ..bureau, which
shall be charged with the execution of this and
all other laws that may be passed by Congress
respecting the issue and regulation of a national
currency secured by United States bonds. Thg
chief officer of the said bureau shall be denom-
inated the Comptroller of the Currency, and shall
be under the general direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury. He shall be appointed by. the
President, on the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and shall hold his office
for the term of five years unless sooner removed
by the President, upon reasons to be communi-
cated by him to the Senate; he shall receive an
annual salary of five thousand dollars; he shall
have a competent deputy, appointedd>y the Sec-
retary, whose salary shall be two thousand five
hundred dollars, and who shall possess the power
and perform the duties attached by law to the
office of Comptroller during a vacancy in such
office and during his absence or inability; he
shall employ, from time to time, the necessary
clerks to discharge such duties as he shall direct,
which clerks shall be appointed and classified by
the Secretary of the Treasury in the manner now
provided by law. Within fifteen days from the
time of notice of his appointment the Comptroller
shall take and subscribe the oath of office pre-
scribed by the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States; and he shall give to thcUnitcd States
a bond in the penalty of one hundred thousand
dollars, with not less than two responsible sure-
ties, to be approved by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, conditioned for the faithful discharge of the
duties of his office. The Deputy Comptroller
so appointed shall also take the oath of office
Srescnbed by the Constitution and laws of theN
nited States, and shall give a like bond in the
penalty of fifty thousand dollars. The Comp-
troller and Deputy Comptroller shall not, either
directly or indirectly, be interested in any asso-
ciation issuing national currency under the pro-
visions of this act.
Sec. 2. Jlndbeit further enacted, That the Comp-
troller of the Currency, with the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury, shall devise a seal,
with suitable inscriptions, for his office, a de-
scription of which, with a certificate of approval
by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall be filed
in the office of the Secretary of State with an
impression thereof, which shall thereupon be-
come the seal of office of the Comptroller of the
Currency, and the same may be renewed when
necessary. Every certificate, assignment, and
conveyance executed by the Comptroller, in pur-
suance of any authority conferred on him by law,
and sealed with his seal of office, shall be received
in evidence in all places and courts whatsoever;
and all copies of papers in the office of the Comp-
troller, certified by him and authenticated by the
said seal, shall in all cases be evidence equally
and in like manner as the original. An impres-
sion of such seal directly on the paper shall be as
valid as if made on wax or wafer.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be assigned to the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency by the Secretary of the Treasury suitable
rooms m the Treasury building for conducting
the" business of the Currency Bureau, in which
shall be safe and secure fire-proof vaults, in which
it shall be the duty of the Comptroller to deposit
and safely keep all the plates not necessarily in the
possession of engravers or printers, and other
valuable things belonging to hisdepaitrm nt; and
the Comptroller shall from time to time furnish
the necessary furniture, stationery, fuel, lights,
and other proper conveniences foi the tianbaction
of the said business.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the term
41 United States bonds/'as used in this act, shall
be construed to mean all registered bonds now
issued, or that may hereafter be issued, on the
faith of the United States by the Secretary of
the Treasury in pursuance of law.
