170
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jmu
38tii Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United Slates.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That asso-
ciations for carrying on the business of banking
may he formed by any number qf persons, not
less in any case than five, who shall enter into
articles of association, which shallspecify in gen-
eral terms the object for which the association is
formed, and may contain any other provisions,
not inconsistent with the provisions of this act,
which the association may see fit to adopt for the
regulation of the business of the association and
the conduct of its affairs, which said articles shall
fae signed by the persons uniting to form the as-
sociation, and a copy of them forwarded to the
Comptroller of the Currency, to be filed and pre-
served in his office.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the per-
sons uniting to form such an association shall,
under their hands, make an organization certifi-
cate, which shall specify—
First. The name assumed by such association,
which name shall be subject to the approval of
the Comptroller.
Second. The place where its operations of dis-
count and deposit are to be carried on, designating
the State, Territory, or District, and also the par-
ticular county and city, town, or village.
Third. Tile amount of its capital stock, and the
number of shares into which the same shall be
divided.
Fourth. The names and places of residence of
the shareholders, and the number of shares held
by each of them.
Fifth. Adeclaration that said certificateia made
to enable such persons to avail themselves of the
advantages of this act.
The said certificate shall be acknowledged be-
fore ajudge of some court of record or a notary
public, and such certificate, with the acknowledg-
ment thereof authenticated by the seal of such
court or notary, shall be transmitted to the Comp-
troller of the Currency, who shall record and
carefully preserve the same in his office. Copies
of such certificate, duly certified by the Comp-
troller, and authenticated by his seal of office,
shall be legal and sufficient evidence in all courts
and places within the United States, or the juris-
diction of the Governmentthereuf, of the existence
of such association, and of every other matter or
thing which could be proved by the production
of the original certificate.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That no as-
sociation shall be organized under this act, wi,th
a less capital than one hundred thousand dollars,
nor in a city whose population exceeds fifty thou-
sand peisons, with a less capital than two hun-
dred thousand dollars: Provided, That bankswith
a capital of not less than fifty thousand dollars
may, with the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, be organized in any place the popula-
tion of which does not exceed six thousand in-
habitants.
Siic. 8. .Ind be il further enacted, That every
association formed pursuant to the provisions of
this act shall, from the date of the execution of
its organization certificate, be a body-corporate,
but shall transact no business except such as may
be incidental to its organization and necessarily
preliminary, until authorized by the Comptroller
of the Currency to commence the business of bank-
ing. Such association shall have power to adopt
a corporate seal, and shall have succession by the
name designated in its organization certificate,
for the peuod of twenty years from its organiza-
tion, unless sooner dissolved according to the
provisions of its articles of association, or by the
act of us shateholders owning two thirds of its
stock, or unless the franchise shall be forfeited
by a violalion of this act; by such name it may
make contracts, sue and be sued, complain and
defend, ill any court of law and equity as fully
as natural persons; it may elect or appoint direct-
ors, and by its board of directors appoint a pres-
ident, vice president, cashier, and other officers,
define their duties, require bonds of them and fix
the penalty thereof, dismiss said officers or any of
them at pleasure, and appoint others to fill their
places, and exercise under this act all such inci-
dental poweis as shall be necessary to carry on
the business of banking by discounting and ne-
gotiating pronnssoiy notes, drafts, bills of ex-
change,and othei-evidences of debt; by receiving
deposits; by buying and selling exchange, coin,
and bullion;-by loaning money on personal se-
curity; by obtaining, issuing, and circulating notes
according to the provisions of this act; and its
board of directors shall also have power to define
and regulate by by-laws, not inconsistent with
the provisions of this act, the manner in which
its stock shall be transferred, its directors elected
or appointed, its officers appointed, its property
transferred, its general business conducted, and
all the privileges granted by this act to asso-
ciations organized under it shall be exercised and
enjoyed; and its usual business shall be transacted
at an office or banking house located in the place
specified in its organization certificate.
Sec . 9. And be itfurther enacted, That the affairs
of every association shall be managed by not less
than five directors, one of whom shall be the pres-
ident. Every director shall, during his whole
term of service, be a citizen of the United States;
and at least three fourths of the directors shall
have resided in the State, Territory, or District
in which such association islocated one year next
preceding their election as directors, and be resi-
dents of the same during their continuance in
office. Each director shall own, in his own right,
at least ten shares of the capital stock of the as-
sociation of which he is a director. Each director,
when appointed or elected, shall takeanoath that
he will, so far as the duty devolves on him, dili-
gently and honestly administer the affairs of such
association, and will not knowingly violate, or
willingly permit to be violated, any of the pro-
visions of this act, and that he is the bona fide
owner, in his own right, of the number of shares
of stock required by this act, subscribed by hiin,
or standing in his name on the books of the as-
sociation, and that the same is not hypothecated,
or in any way pledged, as security for any loan
or debt; which oath, subscribed by himself, and
ceitified by the officer before whom it is taken,
shall be immediately transmitted to the Comptrol-
ler of the Currency, and by him filed and pre-
served in his office.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the di-
rectors ofauy association firstelectedorappointed
shall hold their places until their successors shall
be elected and qualified. AH subsequent elections
shall be held annually on such day m the month
of January as may be specified in the articles of
association; and the directors so elected shall
hold their places for one year, and until their suc-
cessors are elected and qualified. But any director
ceasing to be the owner of the requisite amount
of stock, or having in any other manner becomc
disqualified, shall thereby vacate his place. Any
vacancy in the board shall be filled by appoint-
ment by the remaining directors, and any director
so appointed shall hold his place until the next
election, if from any cause an election of direct-
ors shall not be made at the time appointed, the
association shall not for that cause be dissolved,
but an election may be held on any subsequent
day, thirty days' notice thereof in all cases having
been given in a newspaper published in the city,
town, or county in which the association is lo-
cated; and if no newspaper is published in such
city, town, or county, such notice shall be pub-
lished in a newspaper published nearest thereto.
If the articles of association do not fix ttie day on
which the election shall be held, or if the election
should not be held oil the day fixed, the day for
the election shall be designated by the board of
directors in their by-laws, or otherwise: Provided,
That if the directors fail to fix the day, as afore-
said, shareholders representing two thirds of the
shares may.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That in all
elections of directors, and in deciding all questions
at meetings of shareholders, each shareholder
shall be entitled to one vote on each share of stock
held by him. Shareholders may vote by proxies
duly authorized in writing; but no officer, clerk,
teller, or book-keeper of such association shall
act as proxy; and no shareholder whose liability
is past due and unpaid shall be allowed to vote.
Sec. 12. And be il further enacted, That the cap-
ital stock of any association formed under this
act shall be divided into shaies of one hundred
dollars each, and bo deemed personal property
and transferable on the books of the association
ill such manner as may be prescribed in the by-
laws or articles of association; and every person
becoming a shareholder by such transfer shall,
in proportion to his shares, succeed to all the
rights and liabilities of the prior holder of such
shares, and no change shall be made in the arti-
cles of association by which the rights, remedies,
or security of the existing creditors of the asso-
ciation shall be impaired. The shareholders of
each association formed under the provisions of
this act, and of each existing bank or banking as-
sociation that may accept the provisions of this
act, shall be held individually responsible, equally
and ratably, and not one for another, for all con-
tracts, debts, and engagements of such associ-
ation to the extent of the amount of their stock
therein at the par value thereof, in addition to the
amount in vested in such shares; except that share-
holders of any banking association now existing
under State laws, having not less than five mil-
lions of dollars of capital actually paid in, and a
surplus of twenty per centum on hand, both to be
determined by the Comptroller of the Currency,
shall be liable only to the amount invested in their
shares; and such surplus of twenty per centum
shall be kept undiminished, and be in addition to
the surplus provided for in this act; and if at any
time there shall be a deficiency in said surplus of
twenty per centum, the said banking association
shall not pay any dividends to its shareholders
until such deficiency shall be made good; and in
case of such deficiency, the Comptroller of the
Currency may compel said banking association to
close its business and wind up its affairs under
the provisions of this act. And the Comptroller
shall have authority to withhold from an associ-
ation his certificate authorizing the commence-
ment of business, whenever he shall have reason
to suppose that the shareholders thereof have
formed the same for any other than the legiti-
mate objects contemplated by this act.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be lawful for any association formed under this
act, by its articles of association,, to provide for
an increase of its capital from time to time, as
may be deemed expedient, subject to the limita-
tions of this act: Provided, That the maximum
of such inciease in the articles of association shall
be determined by the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency; and no increase of capital shall be valid
until the whole amount of such increase shali.be
paid in, and notice thereof shall have been trans-
mitted to the Comptroller of the Currency, and
his certificate obtained specifying the amount of
such increase of capital stock, with his approval
thereof, and that it has been duly paid in as part
of the capital of such association. And eveiy
association shall have power, by the vote of share-
holders owning two thirds of its capital stock, to
reduce the capital of such association to any sum
not below the amount required by this act, in the
formation of associations: Provided, That by no
such reduction shall its capital be broughtbelow
the amount required by this act for its outstand-
ing circulation, nor shall any such reduction be
made until the amountof the proposed reduction
has been reported to the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency and his approval thereof obtained.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That at least
fifty per centum of the capital stock of every as-
sociation shall be paid in before it shall be author-
ized to commence business; and the remainder
of the capital stock of such association shall be
paid m installments of at least ten per centum each
on the whole amount of the capital as frequently
as one installment at the end of each succeeding
month fiom the time it shall be authorized by the
Comptroller to commence business; and the pay-
ment of each installment shall be certified to the
Comptroller, under oath, by the president or
cashier of the association.
Sec. 15. Andbe it further enacted, That if any
shareholder, or his assignee, shall fail to pay any
installment on the stock when the same is re-
quired by the foregoing section to be paid, the
directors of such association may sell the stock
of such delinquentshareholder at public auction,
having given three weeks' previous notice thereof
m ft newspaper published and of general cncula-
tion in the city or county where the association
is located, and if no newspaper is published in
said city or county, then m a newspaper pub-
lished nearest thereto, to any person whowill pay
the highest price therefor, and not less than the
