752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19.
of property is considered as a right to property;
and the only question in such a case is, what ia
the extent of the right? Whatever it is, as be-
tween master and slave, the master is, to the ex-
tent that he is entitled to the service, the owner;
and you cannot, as it seems to me, distinguish,
if there be ownership, between this kind of prop-
erty and any other kind of property.
But, Mr. President, if it was not so I should
like to know upon what ground, logical or other-
wise, historical or otherwise, the honorable mem-
ber from 'Michigan is justified in saying that that
clause in the Constitution is to be considered with
reference to what was property under the laws of
England in 1789. Sir, the Constitution was adopt-
ed for the United States. Every one of the pro-
visions put in there with reference to property or
to anything else intended to be guarantees, was
put in for the purpose of protecting the citizens
of the United States, as they then were under their
system of laws as that system then existed. My
honorable friend from Michigan will not deny, 1
am sure, that in the slave States in 1789, and in-
deed in most of the States that are now free, slave
property was just as well known as property as
any chattel. When, therefore, the Convention
put into that clause a provision that no private
property should be taken for public use without
compensation, upon what ground of leasoningis
it that the honorable member claims the right of
excepting from that clause any particular species
of property?
The only ground alleged is that this particular
species of property was property liotknown to the
common law. But we were notmakingaconsti-
tution for England or for any part of the world
except for ourselves. What wo intended was to
protectourselvcsb.y those several guarantees; and
whatever, therefore, was the condition of the Uni-
ted States in 1789, with reference to slave prop-
erty was intended to be protected by that clause
as well as any other description of property.
Now, in the slave States—I believe some of the
States have modified it under the influence which
was certain, independent of positive legislation
or war, sootier or later to obliterate this stain upon
the escutcheon of a free Republic, slavery—their
laws have been modified; and under neaily all
the laws of all the States this spocies of prop-
erty-
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator answer me
one question ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. It is this: whether it would
bo competent for the Congress of the United States,
under that particular clause of the Constitution,
to take and set free the entire slave population of
the United Suites on making compensation to the
slaveholders? Has Congress that power under
tho Constitution? What are his views on that
question ?
Mr. JOHNSON. That is a question I am not
prepared to answer. What I mean to say is this;
if they cannot do it, it is not because of the ob-
jection that this property is not under the provis-
ion of that clause. If they cannot do it, it is be-
cause such legislation as that would not be an
appropriation of this kind of propeily to public
use; thatisall. If tho couit shall decide that the
Legislature itself lias the authority to decide what
is necessary to be taken for public use, and Con-
gress in its legislative rapacity shall decide that
all the slaves in the United States shall be set free,
because it is useful to the United States that they
should be set free, then they would decide that the
law was operative, but they would require the
United States to pay just as much 
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly; but ihen who
is to judge of the necessity for taking pioperty,
whether slave property or other pronerty?
Mr. JOHNSON. The sovereign, always.
Mr. HOWARD. Is not the judgmentof Con-
gress on that point conclusive? Has a court a
right to inquire m to. the degree of necessity'1 Is
not the decision of Congress final on the subject?
Suppose Congress should deeidc it to be neces-
sary to take all the slave property of the United
States on making compensation, would they not,
aecoiding to the construction of the Senator from
Maryland of this particular clause, have the light
to emancipate eveiy slave in the United States
under this particular clause? It strikes me they
would.
Mr. JOHNSON. Unquestionably with this
limitation. Whatever is public use and public
necessity with reference to the appropriation of
private property must be for the exclusive determ-
ination of Congress. There is no doubt about
that; and the only question before the couit,should
the casu arise, would be whether this was public
use. It does not follow, because Congress in
cases of public danger have the authority to de-
cide for themselves the necessity of appropriating
property for that purpose, that it binds every-
body. It does not follow because they have that
power, that Congress is vested with the power to
take property for a use not public. For example,
Congress could not say that the slaves in Mary-
land should be taken and given to the owners of
slaves or of anybody else out of Maryland, or to
take them fiom the present owners and give them
to other citizens in Maryland*, for that would be
obviously not an appropriation of private prop-
erty for public use, but a mere change of owner-
ship.
Mr. HOWARD. The language of the Con-
stitution is, " taken for public use," not appro-
priated for public use.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, "taken for public
use." What I intended to say just now was,
that I was not prepared to answer whether Con-
gress under its general power has not the author-
ity to manumit all negroes for the public use;
which would be the result of emancipation. But
upon that question I do not wish to be considered
as standing committed.
But there is a great difference between slave
property and the property the father has in his
child and the master in his apprentice. The father
cannot sell his child; he cannot devise his child;
nor can a guardian dispose of his ward; nor is the
ward nor the child responsible for the debts of the
guardian or the debts of the parent; nor can the
apprentice bo disposed of by the master. It is a
personal somen for a temporary period which
gives only to the partsculai master the authority
to hold tho appientice, and binds the apprentice
only to dischatge his duty to the particular mas-
ter; that is all.
My honorable friend from Kentucky and my
friend from Delawaieobjected to this clause on a
different ground. They say, and I do not pro-
pose now to discuss that question, there is no
authority to take these slaves. That has been
decided. They have "been taken, and they will
continue to be taken. You have now some forty
or fifty thousand or more of these troops in the
actual service of the United States; and the ques-
tion for us is, even if I agreed that there was any
authority to take them, what js the bestthingwe
can do for the owner ? They are taken now with-
out compensation; the master gets nothing; and
if you do not pass a bill similar to this section,
they will continue to be taken and the master will
get nothing.
What does this section do? In the first place
it proposes, instead of leaving the matter as it
now is—and that, in my view, is a very great im-
provement and a very great amelioration of the
condition of the masters in the slave States—that
all the slaves capable of bearing arms shall be en-
lolh'd. The difficulty that we have hud in Maiy-
lund, the wrong, as I think, that has been per-
petrated upon the people of Maryland—Kentucky
has so far escaped; Delaware has not escaped; she
has suffered the same wrong—is, that these recruit-
ing officers e;o into our households and take away
the men and (he women just as they please. They
take all from one man and none from another.
They have the power of selection. They may
ruin anybody if they think proper to do it, so far
as he can be ruined by taking from him all the
labor by which he is able and can alone for the
time cany on his firming operations, and they
leave another untouched.
My opinion from the start has been, and I ven-
tured to tell the President, that if he wished to
have these black troops the proper mode was to
have them enrolled and let them be drafted as
others were, leaving them, with the consent of
their masteis, to volunteer: and that is what he
did in the ^ last particular in Missouri. When I
went to him with oui Governor and complained
of what was actually being done in refeience to
our negroes on the Eastern Shore of Maryland,
I told him his order to General Schofield and Gen-
eral Schofield's order in pursuance of it, did not
authorize the taking of any negroes into the mil-
itary service of the United States without the con-
sent of the owner, and I understood him at the
time to say that that was precisely what he in-
tended, and what he should carry out. But other
counsels prevailed, and his officers were permitted
to go through Maryland and go through Dela-
ware, and go through Missouii afterwards, and
take whom they pleased.
Now what I want is, that that should be cor-
rected, to the extent at least of having all enrolled
and let each master stand on the same footing.
If his servant is drafted, this bill, provided he is
a loyal master, gives him §100. He does not get
that now. He does not get a dollar. If his ser-
vant volunteers, and he is a loyal master, he re-
ceives $300. That is so much gained. We have
lost out of Maryland, I think, some ten or twelve
thousand men who have been taken into the mili-
tary service, and their wives and their childien
have gone with them. This bill does not pro-
pose to pay for the wives and children, but it
proposes to pay §300 for each one of our men,
provided the commission for which the section
provides shall find that they are worth three hun-
dred dollars or more, limiting the amount, if they
should be found to be woi th more, to $300. I do
not see upon what ground, as matters now stand,
my friend from Kentucky can object to a pro-
vision of this description. It gives our people
something when, unless you pass it, they will
get nothing.
But, Mr. President, it does more than that. It
in a great measure satisfies the people whose in-
terests are affected. They are now burning under
what they believe to be wrong. Their property
is taken without any compensation at all. The
majoi lty of the slaveholders in Maryland, I think
I can say with truth, have been perfectly willing
from the first, or at any rate within the Inst year,
that all the able-bodied slaves in Maryland should
be taken provided the master received anything like
a reasonable compensation. Now, what have you
done ? When the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan and the honorable member from Wisconsin
and the member from Minnesota say they are un-
willing to pay anything for this species of prop-
erty, they forget what they have done; and m
saying that they forgot what they have done, I
mean what'Congress has done. You passed a
resolution—and I do not know but those Senators
voted for it—promising what was called compen-
sated emancipation. You told Maryland, there-
fore, and you told us all, " Letyourslaves be free
and you shall receive compensation." It passed
by an almost unanimous vote. It did not ap-
propriate the money, but said in substance the
United States would pay. When you emanci-
pated the slaves of this District, you authorized a
commission to be constituted, and voted a sum
not to exceed an average of £,300 for each slave.
You passed abill forMissouri whichappropriated
some twenty million dollars for the same purpose.
I submit, theiefore, to the honorable member
from Minnesota and to the honorable Senator
from Michigan that it is too late now to say that
that principle was not one sanctioned by the Con-
stitution. Good faith is as dear to a Government
as to an mdi vidual. A matui ed policy held out to
the citizen as an inducement to regulate his con-
duct, if not adhered to, is just as much a violation
of public faith as the same conduct on the pan of
an individual would beaviolation of private faith.
Whatare you to do with this money unless you
appropriate itin that way? The honorable mem-
ber from Michigan says that the $300 which the
men of Michigan who are drafted may have to
pay into th'-; Treasury, they will not consent shall
be appropriated to this purpose. They can avoid
that by not paying it and going into the Army
themselves. ThatU a difficulty easily obviated.
If their patriotism is so exubeiant that they are
unwilling that the owner of this slave property
who is rumed for the time by having his property
taken for the public use shall be pa'id out of any
money coming from themselves, let them show
their patriotism and show the indignation in winch
they hold the feeling by going into the Army and
covering their State with still more glory than she
lias already achieved. What is to be done with
the money? \oa are to use jt for bounties, are
you not? What difference does it make to you
whether you gi\o the bounty to the owner of a
black man or to a white man who goes into the.
service? The result is the same provided it be
