m4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
of officers and men actually employed in the west-
ern department or department of Missouri.
The amendments reported by the committee
as follows:
i. After the word " thus," in the fifteenth line,
jnsert the word " actually."
y. Strike out in the sixteenth and seventeenth
lines the words with six per cent, interest from
the date of the payment."
Mr. KING demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The amendments were agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; andbeingengrossed,
it was&ccordmgly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JURISDICTION OF COUItT OF CLAIMS, ETC.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
ported back bill of the House (No. 305) to re-
strict the jurisdiction of the Couit of Claims, and
to provide for the payment of certain demands
for quartermasters' stores and subsistence sup-
plies furnished to thearmiosof theUnitcd States.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims shall
not extend to or include any claims against the
United States growing out of the destruction of
or damage to property by the Army or Navy, or
any part of the Army or Navy, engaged in the
suppression of the rebellion from the commence-
ment to the close thereof.
The second section provides that all claims of
loyal citizens for quartermasters' stores actually
furnished to the Army of the United States may
be submitted to the (Quartermaster General of the
United States, accompanied with such proof as
ench claimant can present of the facts in his case,
and that it shall be the duty of the Cluarlermaster
Geneial localise such claims to beexamined, and
if convinced that they are just,and that the stores
have actually been received or taken for the use
of the Anny, then to report such cases to the Third
Auditor of the Treasury with a recommendation
for settlement.
The third section provides that all claims of
loyal citizens for subsistence actually furnished to
the Army may be submitted to the Commissary
General of Subsistence, accompanied with such
proof as each such clainuintcan olfer,nnd makes
it the duty of the Commissary General of Sub-
sistence to cause eacli claim to be examined, and
if convinced that it is just, and that the subsist-
ence has.been received or taken for the use of the
Anny, to report such case to the Third Auditor :
of the Treasury with a recommendation for set- '
tlement, and that the action of the Quartermaster
General or of the Commissary Geneinl of Sub-
sistence, as the case may be, and of the account-
ing o Hi cur of I he Treasury shall be final and con-
clusive upon such claims, which may be theieupon
paid; provided that no claims shall be examined,
audited, or allowed under the provisions of the
bill until (he claimant shall have token and aub-
sci ibed and filed with his claim the oath prescribed
by the net " to prescribe an oath of office," ap-
proved July 2, 1862, excepting so much of said
oath as relates to the discharge of the duties of
officers, and every person falsely taking said oath
under the provisions of this bill shall be liable
to the penalties prescribed in the act of July 2,
1862.
Mr. WILSON. I call the previous question
on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. THOMAS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that call for a single moment.
Mr. WILSON. I will do so for a moment to
hear what the gentleman has to say.
Mr. THOMAS. The House will remember
that this subject was under consideration a month
or two ago, and they will recollect that a more
comprehensive bill than the one now before this
body was sanctioned by a very large majority of
the House. After the principle of that bill was
sanctioned, the majority thought it advisable to
commit the bill to the Judiciary Committee, with
a view to its revisal and amendment. That bill
has been considered by the comrfiittee, and has
been reported with sundry amendments. It Is now
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. It is a bill, of course, which i individ-
ually prefer very much to the one now before the
House. But, in view of the late period of the
session and the inevitable consequence growing
out of any discussion of this subject—the defeat,
perhaps, of both measures—I prefer that the bill
now before the House shall pass and go into the
Senate, because I know that a more comprehen-
sive bill is under consideration before the Judi-
ciary Committee of the Senate; and if a majority
of that committee favor that measure, they can
send it back to us in heu of the one which we are
now about to send to the Senate. Under these
circumstances I waive, so far as I am concerned,
all objection to substituting for the bill now be-
fore the House the bill which is in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. If gentle-
men who are friendly to the payment of these
claims differ from me as to the proper course to
be pursued, I would suggest that this bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, that then the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and that both bills be considered to-
gether, and that one passed which will meet the
sanction of the majority. But I prefer thfit the
bill now before the House be passed, and sub-
jected to the scrutiny and amendment of the
Sen ate.
The bill was engrossed, and read a third time.
Mr. WILSON moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask whether this bill cov-
ers anything more than property taken for the
use of the Army.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD. It does not extend at all to
damages?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir.
Mr. WASJIBURiNE, of Illinois. All right,
GA R KJF.I.D.
The question was taken; and the bill was
passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISABILITIES OF TRAITORS.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported hack an act to exclude traitors
and alien enemies from the courts of the United
States in civil cases, and from the public lands;
which was oidered to be printed, and recom-
mitted.
CONFISCATION OF ItEBKL PROPERTY.
Mr. WOODBRJDQE, from the same commit-
tee, reported back adversely a bill (II. II. No.
3^(j) to amend the laws providing for the confis-
cation of rebel property,and asked that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same.
It was so ordered.
REPEAL OF FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York, from the same
committee, reported, for sevoial bills referred to
the committee on that subject, a substitute enti-
tled "A bill to repeal the fugitive slave act of
1850 and all acts and parts of acts for the rendi-
tion of fugitive slaves;" which was read a first
and second time.
The bill repeals sections three and four of the
act respecting fugitives from justice and persons
escaping from the service of their masters, passed
February 12, 1793, and an act to amend and sup-
plementary to the same, passed September, 1850.
The bill was ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted.
Mr. IIOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table, and called
for tellers on the latter motion.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Morris, of
New Yoik, and Coffroth, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 26, noes 57; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas raid nirys were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 44, nays GG; as follows:
YJCAc3—Messrs. Jaines* C. Alien, Anconn, Angti'tun 0.
Baldwin, Jacob B. Blair, BIN*, James S. Brown. < "'nfFroth,
Cox, Ctnven-i, Dawson, Denton, Eilen,Ed^erton.E'dridiiP,
Finck, Grider, Harding, Ilauington, Charles .31. Ilairii,
Holtnan, William Johnson, King, Knnpp. Law, Lr-zear,
Le Blond, Lon^, Matlory, Marey, McDowell, Janie* R.
Moms, iMomson, Noble, Pendleton, Perry, Robinson, Ro-
gers, Itoss, Stronse, Sweat, Wadswoith, Wheeler, Chilam
A. White, and Joseph W. White—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
Baily, John D. Baldwin, Beanian, Blaine, IJroomall, Am-
brose W. Clark, Fieeman Clarke, Cobb, Colo,Thomas T.
Djivis, Dawe*, Ui von, Donnelly, I)i !<*; •«., Eliot, Farns worth,
Fenlon,Fiank, Gaifieid, Gnueh, Grumeli, Ilooper, Iloicli-
ki<s, John II. IJubhaid. Uuiliurd. Jnger>oll, JcncKes, Julian,
Keller, Francis \V. Kclloss, Orlando IOII022, Lutlejohn,
Lonavear, Maivin, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead,
Mori ill, Daniel Moni^, Amo1- Myers, CUaile? O'Neill, Orth,
r<itter?0!ij Peihaul, Tne.e, Edward II. IloUins, Scofield,
Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Spnldms, Thayer, Thomas,
Tracy, Upson. Ehltu B. Washhiu ne, William B. Washburn,
William*, Wilder, Wilson, and Windora—60.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. WILSON moved the previous question on
the motion to reconsider.
The pievious question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the vote by which the bill was recommitted was
reconsidered.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York, withdrew the
motion to recommit.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York, moved the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FIOLMAN called for the yeas and nays
on the passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to ask the gentle-
man fiom New York a question if he will with-
draw the previous question.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I decline to
withdraw it. *
Mr. MALLORY. Then I wish to state to the
House the reason why I asked the gentleman to
withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr MALLORY. I wish to say only a word.
Mr. HOLMAN. If I have the floor I move
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. If the gentle-
man from Kentucky does not wantovertwo min-
utes I am willing to yield to him.
Mr. COX. Think of it! They condescend to
give us two minutes to discuss the repeal of the
Constitution !
Mr.MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, Kentucky is
the only State still adhering to the CJnion which
has not abolished or taken the initiatory steps to
abolish slavery. Missouri has already passed an
ordinance of emancipation, and it is generally
conceded, I believe, that the convention now in
session in Maryland will abolish it in that State;
Kentucky, then, in a short time, will be the only
State, of ail those adhering to the national Unioti,
in which slavery will remain,
A Member. What of Delaware ?
Mr. MALLORY. I think slavery has been
abolished in Delaware, or at any rate only exists
there nominally.
Mr. GARFIELD. It has badly gone.
Mr. MALLORY. As the gentlemen on the
other side of the House regard thus as the fact,
and as they know that the Constitution orders the
surrender of fugitive slaves, I demand, as an act
of justice to my State, that the fugitive slave act
be permitted to remain on the statute-book. If
you say that it will be a dead letter, so much less
excuse have you for repealing it, and so much
more certainly is the insult and wrong to Ken-
tucky gratuitous. This act by which you de-
clare your intention not to obey the injunction of
the Constitution is wanton and useless, except
for the purpose of bravely exhibiting yuur eon-
tempt for that instrument and the rights of the
States. This act, remember, is the forerunner
of an act to amend the Constitution so as to au-
thorize Congress to abolish slavery throughout
the United States. You must think you will fail
in that effort, or you would not press this.
Mr. Speaker, if the fugitive slave law is re-
pealed, and your provost marshals and recruit-
