1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2775
ing officers draft and recruit the slaves of Ken-
tucky; if this policy is continued, what need,
think you, will there be to abolish slavery by con-
stitutional amendment? Sir, I warn you against
the course this Congress is pursuing;. .Alieady
you have crushed out every feeling of love of the
Union in the people of the revolted States, and
you are besotted if you think that acts of op-
pression and wrong can be perpetrated in the bor-
der slave States without producing estrangement
and even enmity there. Kentucky has remained
true to her faith pledged to the Government,and
I warn you not to persevere in inflicting on her
insult and outrage. The framers of the Consti-
tution gave us the right to reclaim fugitive slaves.
It was conceded not as a favor, but as a right.
No one disputed it; no one dared to dispute it.
No one disputes it now. The President, and
every respectable memberof the Republican party,
have again and again admitted the right. Do not
indicate your contempt of it now by the passage
of this repealing act, useless as you know it to be.
If you are determined to do it, will the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Morris] who has
charge of the bill withdiaw the call for the pre-
vious question, to enable me to offer an amend-
ment excepting my Stale from its operation, in
order to save her from insult and do her justice?
Mr.MORRIS,ofNcwYork. Imustdeclme 
Mr. MALLORY. I did not expect that he
would yield. Justice is a thing that J have long
ceased to hope for from that side of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. PENDLETON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PENDLETON moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. ANCONA demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STROUSE moved that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet oil Wednes-
day next.
Mr. DAWSON demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ELDIUDGE demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Telk-is were ordered; and Messis. Eldiudge
and Fenton were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-five.
So, more than one fifth voting in favor thereof,
the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question first recurred on Mr. Strousf.'s
motion for an adjournment over to Wednesday
next; and it was decided in the negative—yeas 13,
nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Me.-vrs. Ancona, Daweon, Denison, Eden, Eld-
rtdge, Giihvvold, lioiman, Mallory. Mooiiiead, Mom&on,
Noble, JStronse, and Thomas—13.
NAYS—Messrs. J.imes C. Allen, Alloy, Allison, Ame?,
Arnold, A-hley, Beaman, Jacob B. Blair, Bliss, Bioonull,
James S. Biovvn, Ambrose W. Clark, Fieeman Clatke,
Cobb, CoiTioth, Colo, Cox, Thomas* T. Davi-?, ])awe^, Dix-
on, Donnelly, Duces Edgeiton, Eliot, Fmck, Frank, Gar-
field, Gooch, Grtmiel!, Ilaumgton, Chailes M. Harris, Der-
rick, Hoopei, Hotehkis^, Amabel YV. Hubbard, John II.
Ilubbmd, IJuibmd, Ingersoll, .lenekos William Johnson,
Juhan. Kelley, Fianei<"W. Keilo™, Oilando Kello<nr,Kine,
Kridpp, Lazear, Le Blond, Littlejohn, Long, Longyear,
Mai vm, McDowell, Samuel F. Miller, Daniul Moms, James
R. Moiris, Anion Myers, Charles O'Neill, Oitli, Patterson,
Pendleton, Peiham, Peny, Puce, Alexander II. Rico., John
II. Rice, 'Ednaid H. Roiliiix, Scofield, Hcott, Shannon,
Sloan, Smith. Smithes, Spaldimr, Sweat. Thayer, Tracy,
Upcon, Willi,un B. Washbuin, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton
A. White, Joseph W. White, Williams, Wibon, Windorn,
and Woodbridge—87.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
adjourn; and it was decided m the negative—yeas
8, nays 88; as follows:
1LAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bli^; Eden, Eldiidge, Mor-
rison, Pendleton, Stiouie, and Whaley—8.
NAYri—Alloy, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
A ?u>tu- 0. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blame,
Jacob 13. BLui, Biooinall, Jarn< i 8. Blown, Ambrose W.
Ol.iik. Fieeman Claike, Cobb, CotFioth, Cote, Henrv Win-
ter Davi<, Thuma.s T. Davis,' Dawson, Denwm, Dixon,
Donnellv, Driers, Edgerion, Eliot, Faim>\\ orth, Fcriton,
rrnck, Fiank G.msori, G.ulield, Gooch, CrinnrJI, Harding,
Hammjron. Chatles M. Harris, H"ruek, Hotchkiss, A-aliel
W. Hubbaul, John H. Hubbard.Hulburd, Inj?ers>oll, Jencko«,
William Jolnifon. Juhan, Kelley, Francis W. ICclioaff, Or-
lando Kclioga. King, Knapp, Lazear, Le Blond, Lmieiobn,
Long, Lon vear, Marvin, McDowell, Samuel F. Miller,
Mooiiiead, Morrill, Dame! Morris, Amos My era, Noble,
Charles O Xotll, Orth, Patterson, JVrhum, Perry, Price,
Alexander H. IUce, John 0. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Sco-
freld, Shannon, Sloan, Snuthers, Thaj'er, Tracy, Upson,
Eliliu B. Washbume, William B. Washburn, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, Wiilian^,Wil:son,Windom, and
W oodbrulge—£8.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question next recurred on the motion that
there be a call of the House; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 44, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Jacob 3?. Blair, Bh&s, James S. Brown, ColFioth,
Cox, Ciavens,Dawson, £)omson,Edon, EdgPrton,F,ldndgo}
Finck, Grider, Harding, Harrington, Charles M. Harris,
Ilolman, William Johnson, King, Knapp, Law, Lazear,
Le Blond, Long, Mallory, Marcy, McDowell, James It.
Monis, Morrison, Noble, Pendleton, Perry, Robiftson, Ro-
ger*, Ross, Suouse, Sweat, Wadsworth, Wheeler, Chilton
A. White,and Joseph W. White—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
Baily, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Broomall, Am-
brose VV. Claik, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Thomas T.
Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Fonton, Fiank, Gaifield. Gooch, Gruinell, Hooper, notch-
kiss, John IL Hubbard, Hulbuid, Ingeisoll, Jenckes, Julian,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Llttlejohn,
Longyear, Maivin, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moor-
head", Morrill, Daniel Morns, Amos Myers, Chailes O'Neill,
Orth, Patterson, Perham, Piice, Edward H. Rollins, Sco-
field, Shannon, Sloan, Smitheis, Spalding, Thayer, Thom-
as, Tracy, Upson. Ehhn B. Washlmrne, William B. Wash-
burn, Williams, Wildei, Wilson, and Windom—66.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, is it in order to
move to postpone tins bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. ANCONA. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to appeal to
the gentleman to postpone the bill?
The SPEAKER. Not without unanimous
consont.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent.
Consent was given.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from New York
to allow this bill to be printed m the first place.
Although J have not consulted witli gentlemen
upon this side of the House in reference to the
time when a vote can be taken, I can say that we
cannot do justice to this bill this evening. Th"
excitement incident to the Baltimore convention
and other matters lias incapacitated gentlemen on
that side of the House for considering constitu-
tional questions. The United States courts have
decidcd that this law is constitutional, and it is
the only refuge left to a certain class of our citi-
zens to protect their rights. Its repeal will help
the rebels; help Jelf. Davis, and perhaps defeat
Lincoln's nomination. I hope, then, the gentle-
man will postpone the bill, for the present at
least.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. To what time
does that side of the House propose to postpone
the question and have a vote taken upon it?
Mr. COX. Let it be referred back to the Ju-
diciary Committee.
Mr. FENTON. With leave to report at any
time ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to postpone.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Upon that I demand the
yeas and nays, and call for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I suggest that
if the other side of the House will consent to the
designation of a particular day when action shall
be had upon the bill, I shall be inclined to post-
pone the consideration of the question.
Mr. HARDING-. And allow discussion?
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. Meanwhile the
bill can be punted.
Mr. COX. There will be no objection to post-
poning this bill, provided action be not attempted
at once upon the day fixed upon.
Mr. WILSON. In oider to do justice to the
Judiciary Committee, I desire to say it was the
intention of the committee, by having this bill re-
committed and printed, to allow every member of '
the House to have full time to examine it before
it should be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider. But the other side of the House, by enter-
ing a motion to reconsider, compelled this action
to lay that motion on the table. The committee
did not intend until that action by the other side
of the House to press this bill to a vote to-day.
Now, I presumo it will be satisfactory to the
committee if a particular time is agreed upon for
taking this vote. If that is not done, I cannot see
that anything is gained by postponing the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is certainly no advant-
age to be gained by postponing this bill for the
purpose of having it printed, as there is no gentle-
man upon this floor whodoes notunderstand the
full effect of the bill. It is one of those subjects
upon which there can be no misunderstanding;
so that nothing is gained, by way of information
to the House, by a postponement. The only-
benefit will be to enable gentlemen who desire to
discuss the subject to do so. I therefore suggest
to the gentleman from New York to postpone the
bill until some future day, and allow it to be open
for debate for a reasonable time.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. How long a
time will they ask for discussion ?
Mr.GANSON. I suggest to my colleague that
he postpone it until after we have amended the
Constitution.
Mr. WILSON. Does the gentleman expect to
vote for the amendment to the Constitution?
Mr. GANSON. I have no doubt I may be con-
vinced of its propriety when I hear the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee make an argument
upon that subject.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the gentleman will vote
for it, as I am satisfied he desires to do so if he can
break loose from the party that now hampers him.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I renew the in-
quiry, how long a time do gentlemen ask for dis-
cussing this question?
Mr. HOLMAN. Such time as may be deemed
reasonable.
Mr. MALLORY. I will state to the gentleman
from New York that I do not think ft will be
proper to fix any time within which this discussion
must take place. The gentleman and his fiiends
will have the control of that matter, as they can
move the previous question and close the debate.
Why should the gentleman be solicitous to know
how long we want to discuss the bill, as long as
his friends can control the matter? It is impos-
sible to tell how many gentlemen desire to make
speeches.
Mr. COX. I would suggest that the bill be
postponed until Friday next.
Mr. AVILSON. There is a question of priv-
ilege set down for that day.
Mr. COX. Say Tuesday of next week.
Mr. WILSON. That day also is setapartfor
considering the proposed amendment to the Con-
stitution.
Mr. COX. Say the first day after that is dis-
posed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
Monday of next week is not assigned for any-
thing.
Mr. COX. 1 have no objection to Monday.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. Iam willing
to set it down for that day with the understand-
ing that the vote shall be taken on that day.
Mr. PENDLETON. I shall not agree to any
understanding with reference to a vote on this
bill; but I am willing,if 1 may be permitted to
say so, to have it set down for any day the gen-
tleman desires, and let it be printed in the mean
time, and then when it comes up let it stand in
the same position it does to-day; that will give
gentlemen entire control of it.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I am willing
to have it set apart for next Monday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that it
will have as high preference if the House post-
pones it ns it has now.
Mr. PENDLETON. I understand that; and
therefore I do not object to its being made a spe-
cial order.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. And I suggest
that after reasonable discussion the vote shall bo
taken on that day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York suggests the postponement of the bill until
Monday next after the morning hour; and he de-
sires to have unanimous consent m regard to the
time when the vote shall be taken.
Mr. PENDLETON. There can be no unan-
imous consent in regard to taking the vote. I do
not object to making it a special order.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair hears no ob-
jection to the bill being postponed until Monday
next after the morning hour, and made the spe-
cial order.
