1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
Laws of the United Stales.
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
amount then due thereon, with the expenses of
advertisement and sale; and the excess, if any,
shall be paid to the delinquent shareholder. If
no bidder can be found who will pay for such
stock the amount due thereon to the association,
and the cost of advertisement and sate, the amount
previously paid shall be forfeited to the associa-
tion, and such stock shall be sold as the directors
may order, within six months from the time of
such forfeiture, and if not sold it shall be can-
celed and deducted from the capital stock of the
association; and if such cancellation and reduc-
tion shall reduce the capital of the association
below the minimum of capital required by this
act, the capital stock shall, within thirty days
from the date of such cancellation, be increased
to the requirements of the act; in default of which
a receiver may be appointed to close up the busi-
ness of the association according to the provisions
of the fiftieth section of this act.
Sec. 16. .find be it further enacted, That every
tissocuuion, after having complied with the pro-
visions of this act, pieliminary to the commence-
ment of banking business under its provisions,
and before it shall be authorized to commence
business, shall transfer and deliver to the Treas-
urerof the United States any United States regis-
tered bonds bearing interest to an amountnotless
than thirty thousand dollars nor less than one
third of the capital stock paid in, which bonds
shall be deposited with the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted Slates and by him safely kept in his office
until the same shall be otherwise disposed of, in
pursuance of the provisions of this act; and the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to receive and cancel any United States coupon
bonds, anil to issue in lieu thereof registered bonds
of like amount, bearing a like rate of interest,
and having the same time to run; and the deposit
of bonds shall be, by every association, increased
as its capital may be paid up or increased, so that
eveiy association shall at all times have on de-
posit with the Treasurer registered United States
bonds to the amount of at least one third of its
capital stock actually paid in: Provided, That
nothing in this section shall prevent an associa-
tion that may desire to reduce its capital or to
close up its business and dissolve its organization
from taking up its bonds upon returning to the
Comptroller its circulating notes in the propor-
tion hereinafter named in this act, nor from taking
up any excess of bonds beyond one third of its
capita! stock and upon which no circulating notes
have been delivered.
Sec. 17. And be, it further enacted, That when-
ever a certificate shall have been transmitted to
the Comptroller of the Currency, as provided in
this act, and the association transmitting the same
shall notify the Comptroller that at least fifty per
centum uf its capital stock has been paid m as
atbt'esfud, and tliatsuch association has complied
with ail the provisions of this act as required to
be complied with before such association shall be
authorized to commence the business of bank-
ing, the Comptroller shall examine into the con-
dition of such association, ascertain especially the
amount of money paid in on account of its cap-
ital, the name and place of residence of each of
the directorsof such association, and the amount
of the capital stock of which each is the bona fide
owner, and generally whether such association
has complied with all the requirements of this
act to entitle it to engage in the business of bank-
ing; and shall cause to be made and attested by
the oaths of a majority of the directors and by
the president or cashier of such association, a
statement of all the facts necessary to enable the
Comptroller to determine whether such associa-
tion is lawfully entitled to commence the business
of banking under this act.
Sec. 18. Aadbe it further enacted, That if, upon
a carefui examination of the facts so reported,
and of any other facts which may come to the
knowledge of the Comptroller, whether by means
of a special commission appointed by him for the
purpose of inquiring into the condition of such
association,or otherw.se, itshall appear that such
association is lawfully entitled to commcnce the
business of banking, the Comptroller shall give
to such association a certificate, under his hand
and official seal, that such association has com-
plied with all the provisions of this act required
to be complied with before being entitled to com-
mence the business of banking under it, and that
such association is authorized to commence said
business accordingly; and it shall be the duty of
the association to cause said certificate to be pub-
lished in some newspaper published in the city or
county where the association is located for at least
sixty days next after the issuing thereof: Pro-
vided, Thatif no newspaper is published in such
city or county the certificate shall be published
in a newspaper published nearest thereto.
Sec. 19. Andbe it further enacted, That all trans-
fers of United States bonds which shall be made
by any association under the provisions of this
act shall be made to the Treasurer of the United
States in trust for the association, with a memo-
randum written or printed on each bond, and
signed by the cashier or some other officer of the
association making the deposit, a receipt therefor
to be given to said association, or by the Comp-
troller of the Currency, or by a clerk appointed
by him for that purpose, stating that it is held in
trust for the association on whose behalf such
transfer is made, and as security for the redemp-
tion and payment of any circulating notes that
have been or may be delivered to such associa-
tion. No assignment or transfer ofany such bonds
by the Treasurer shall be deemed valid or of bind-
ing force and effect unless countersigned by the
Comptroller of the Currency. It shall be the duty
of the Comptroller of the Currency to keep in his
office a book in which shall be entered the name
of every association from -whose accounts such
transfer of bonds is made by the Treasurer, and
the name of the party to whom such transfer is
made; and the par value of the bonds so trans-
ferred shall be entered therein; and it shall be the
duty of the Comptroller, immediately upon coun-
tersigning and entering the same, to advise by
mail the association from whose account such
transfer was made of the kind and numerical des-
ignation of the bonds and the amount thereof so
transferred.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Comptroller of the Currency to
countersign and enter in the book, in the manner
aforesaid, every transfer or assignment of any
bonds held by the Treasurer presented for his sig-
nature; and the Compti oiler shall have at all times
.during" office hours access to the books of the
Treasurer, for the purpose of ascertaining the cor-
rectness of the transfer or assignment presented
to him to countersign; and the Treasurer shall
have the like access to the book above men-
tioned, kept by the Comptroller, during office
hours, to ascertain the correctness of the entries in
the same; and the Comptroller shall also at all times
have access to the bonds on deposit with the
Treasurer,to ascertain their amountand condition.
Slid. 21. And be it further enacted, That upon
the transfer arid deli very of bonds to the Treasurer,
as provided in the foregoing section, the associa-
tion making the same shall be entitled to receive
from the Comptroller of the Currency circulating
notes of dillerent denominations, in blank, legis-
tered and countersigned as hereinafter provided,
equal in amount to ninety per centum of thccur-
rent market value of the United States bonds so
transferred and delivered, but not exceeding
ninety per centum of the amount ofsaid bonds at
the par value thereof, if bearing interest at a rate
not less than five per centum per annum; and at
no time shall the total amount of such notes, is-
sued to any such association,exceed the amount
at such time actually paid in of its capital stock.
Sec. 22. And, he it further tnacltd, That the en-
tire amount of notes for circulation to be issued
under this act shall not exceed three hundred
millions of dollars. In order to furnish suitable
notes for circulation, the Comptroller of theCur-
rency is heredy authorized and required, under
the direction of the Secretary of the T reasury, to
cause plates and dies to be engraved, m the best
manner to guard against counterfeiting and fraud-
ulent alterations, and to have printed therefrom,
and numbered, such quantity ofcirculating notes,
in blank, of the denominations of one dollar, two
dollars, three dollars, five dollars, ten dollars,
twenty dollars, fifty dollars, one hundred dollars,
five hundred dollars, and one thousand dollars,
as may be required to supply,under this act, the
associations entitled to receive the same; which
notes shall express upon their face that they are
secured by United States bonds, deposite4 with
the Treasurer of the United States by the written
or engraved signatures of the Treasurer and, Regis-
ter, and by the imprint of the seal of the Treas-
ury; and shall also express upon their face the
promise of the association receiving the same to
pay on demand, attested by the signatures ofthe
president orvice presidentand cashier. And the
said notes shall bear such devices and such other
statements, and shall be in such form,as the Sec-
retary ofthe Treasury shall, by regulation, di-
rect: Provided^ That not more than one sixth part
ofthe notes furnished to an association shall be
of a less denomination than five dollars, and that
after specie payments shall be resumed no asso-
ciation shall be furnished with notes of a less de-
nomination than five dollars.
Sec. 23. Jlnd be it further enacted, That after
any such association shall have caused its promise
to pay suclf notes on demand to be signed by the
president or vice president and cashier thereof,
m such manner as to make them obligatory prom-
issory notes, payable on demand, at its place of
business, such association is hereby authorized
to issue and circulate the same as money; and the
same shall be received at par m all parts of the
United States in paymentoftaxes,excises, public
lands, and all other dues to the United States, ex-
cept for duties on imports; and also for all salaries
and other debts and demands owing by the United
States to individuals, corporations, and associa-
tions within the United States, except interest on
the public debt, and in redemption ofthe national
currency. And no such association shall issue
post notes or any other notes to circulate as money
than such as are authorized by the foregoing pro-
visions of this act.
Sec. 24. And be it farther enacted, That itshall
be the duty of the Comptroller of the Currency to
receive worn-out or mutilated circulating notes
issued by any such banking association, and also,
on due proof of the destruction ofany such cir-
culating notes, to deliver in place thereof to such
association other blank circulating notes to an
equal amount. And such worn-out or mutilated
notes, after a memorandum shall have been en-
tered in the proper books, in accordance with such
regulations as may be established by the Comp-
troller, as well as all circulating notes which shall
have been paid or surrendered to be canceled,
shall be burned to ashes in presence of four per-
sons, one to be appointed by the Secretary ol the
Treasury, one by the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, one by the Treasurer of the United States,
and one by the association, under such regula-
tions as the Secretary of the Treasury may pre-
scribe. Audu certificate of such burning,signed by
the parties so appointed, shall be made in the
books of the Comptroller, and a duplicate thereof
forwarded to the association whose notes ore thus
canceled.
Sec. 25. Jlndbe it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty ofevery banking association having
bonds deposited in the office of the Treasurer of
the United States, once or oftener in each fiscal
year, and at such time or times during the ordi-
nary business hours as said officer or officers  nay
select, to examine and compare the bonds so
pledged with the books ofthe Comptroller and the
accounts ofthe association, and, if found correct,
to execute to the said Treasurer a certificate set-
ting forth the different kinds and the amounts
thereof, and that the same are in the possession
and custody of the Treasurer at the date of such
certificate. Such examination may be made by
an officer or agent of such association, duly ap-
pointed in writing for that purpose, whose cer-
tificate before mentioned shall be of like force and
validity as if executed by such president or cash-
ier; and a duplicate signed by the Treasurer shall
be retained by the association.
Sec. 20. Jl&d be it further enacted, That the
bonds transferred to and deposited with the .1 icas-
urer of the United States, as hereinbefore pro-
vided, by any banking association for the security
of its circulating notes, shall be held exclusively
foi that purpose, until such notes shall be re-
deemed, except as provided in this act; but the
Compti oiler of the Currency shall give to any
such banking association powers of attorney to
receive and appropriate to its own use Uie niter-
