1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
people, with 44 one country, one Constitution,
one dc.s'r.jy."
Mi. DAWES. iMt', Chairman, I will detain
the comniittie but fur a few momenta. I do
not find it. necessary to oppose this bill because I
have a doubt whether the militia of Pennsylvania
was mustered into the service of the United
States. J do not think that the bill should be op-
posed on any such ground as that. Whether they
were mustered into the service of the United
States or not, they were in that service. They
performed most ifnportant duty m a great emer-
gency and at a time when then.* was no opportu-
nity to be either mustered in or to delay for forms
of&ny kind; certainly they were not expected to
wait for such formalities when the enemy was
marching upon her soil. There is a debt due
from us to tiic Suite of Pennsylvania which I am
not going to oppose upon any such^ground as that.
I sought the; floor a moment ago when thegen-
tleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Cox] was enumerating
the States that he was willing to compensate for
services on thowe sudden calls, to inquire why he
had omitted the Star; of Massachusetts, i rec-
ollecr an occasion when that State incurred large
expenditure in laismg troops which were never
mustered into the service of the United States at
all. When •' Stonewall" Jackson was driving
Banks out of the State of Virginia, and the War
Department was frightened, they telegraphed to
the Governois Noith that the capital was in
danger, and anions, others to Governor Andrew
of Ma.«uchu«t tts,calling on th^t State forali the
troops she could spare. This was midnight Sun-
day night. The bells rang m Boston,m Nnwbury-
port, in Salem, and all over the eastern portion of
the State, and next day at noon all the available
force was upon Boston Common ready to march
to tin* rescue of this imperiled capital. Some
staited for Washington,some got as far as Balti-
more, some --(it as jar as Philadelphia, some as
far as New.York, 'a tore the flight was over. The
Sect eta i y of War then teh gi aphed to the Govern-
or to stop them. They nevei reached hue, and
they wt re nevei musteied into the service of the
United States. A re the Staff expenses under that
call not to be paid beoause liie troops were not
musfei'fii into the seivice of the United States?
There is a debt s' <11 due to Massachusetts for that'
expenditure, a* just as any other chum which that
State can uiakt , or which Pennsylvania or any
other Stale can m ike. The Governorof Massa-
chusetts was re(puied suddenly to furnish these
tioops, and \\ hetbei they were mustered in or not
does not a (feet the ju.-fiee of the claim.
lam not ! ■'r>^ to mqu're whether lhe.se troops
from Pennsylvania wuie mustered m or not, nor
am I hete as a fJepiesentative from Massachu-
setts to charge against Pennsylvania that she has
undertaken to di i vi- a sharpbaigam with the Got -
ernment of ilie United Stales m these times; that
she is trying to overreach the accounting office is
of the Umied States; that she is bringing here an
unjust and i Koibitant elaim, a groundless claim.
It does not become our relanons as sistei States
to htand up heir and make thche charges against
one ioio! iiei", a nh ihei e is ^ood ground iur them.
i have nn objection to this bill; but it does not
arise from the nature of the claim; if docs not
arise from the facts which have been stated. The
trouble  hat this claim has not been allowed at
the Wat Department. In the appropuation bill
pass-'d March U, is this provision, which
was supposed to be broad enough to cover ail of i'
these claims. Although passed before this raid,
it was .supposed to be broad enough tocovvrand
dettay the expenses mcuiied m iaiwing, equip-
ping, and supporting minute men and volunteers
in Pennsylvania us well as m the other States in-
clined after as well as before the passage of the
act. This is tin; provision:
• To .ieii.u' expfiees m-'um'd in lae-m*, equipping,
tran-peir.Mioii, find Mih-Menee oi iiuiiute lueti and volun-
teer in IVnnIvaa m, ,W<u \ i.uul, Ohio, Indiana. aiul Ken-
tuck v, ton ;jcl tetiel i .fiU,.^oOvJ.OOl) r.>hi-1 M'itlrd upon pioper
vnu< h'T- to l ' nled and <1 upon by the piopei aeeoniit-
;i'<5 'i, tie- y : J'rovi-h'd, That in det«-im:n-
;nir the (1"- a.it'H't H under tin* :u.*i the -am<; pnu
ei[>jc-, (ul- - .ted ;v<;u: items >ii,ill be obM'tved bv the
accounting otaees 1 ;i and -! xwj -an! f vp; ie cs a-j have been ;
af'! e clatia-fU'O'A ed t'  Sr.to.- uwh't the act ap- j
piovi'f Jul). 07, \ \, "lit i (I"(t - At. .tet tit nine ui ruf> the Suitor j
lor c'iK lined by tiieia la deicn.-e ot the United
Now, heu is the act of lc'6i:
'• Thai inw Seerf  aiy nt tnc TjcUMiiy be, and be ishci'e- i
bv, daoctod, out of any money in the Tionsmy not other-
wise appsoprmti-d, to pay to the Govetnot of any Statu, or
to hi* (Inly authorized agent, the eu&N, charges, and ex-
peiine^ propeilv iwuued b> such State foi cnioilin;r, miIj-
ai-jtins, eiothoig, -.«pplyiti*£, aiming, equipping, paying, and
tiunspoiini" its. tioop- employed in aiding to suppress the
present in-urreetion against t!)e United States, to be set-
tied upon propyl voucher?-, to be filed and passed upon by
tlie piopoi accounting ofriecis of the Tieasury."
Under this act of 1361, rules and regulations
were adopted by the Department governing iis
accounting officers m passing upon these vouch-
ers. Two of these rules I.beg leave to read:
ul. Accounts, with voucher*, for all expenditures made
must he presented to the Sectetaiy ot the Tioasury, by
whom they will be rcferied to the pi oper accounting officers
(or investigation and settlement.
"2. It is only tor expenditmes on account of troop-?,
officers, oi men* that have been, or may be. mu-tered and
leceived into, or actually employed in, the seivice of the
United States that tennl>iu>einent will be made. Organi-
zations laised, or attempted to be raided, but not mustered
and received into nor actually employed in the service,
will not be recognized; nor wjll any leanbun-ement be
mad* by the United States of expenses ineuired m oigan-
izing. equipping, and mamtainimjtioopsfoi State purposes
or homo jiuaid, whether e<i!ied out by Staleor otiiei local
authoi ity, tinier viieh tioop^ were called out arid such e\~
pendmue* nicnriedat the request or under the authoiity
ot the rVsident or the Seeictaiy ot War."
I understand that it was decided by the De-
partment that the vouchers presented by the State
of Pennsylvania in support of this claim did not
come within the rule—not that there was any
suspicion cast upon l he claim itself, but that the
vouchei s did not biing it, according to their opin-
ion, under this rule; and further, that it did not
appear to the Department that the State of Penn-
sylvania had actually paid out this money to the
citizens or institutions who had furnished it.
On this ground it is that the claim comes be-
foie Congress. I think I state it fairly and ac-
curately. The claim was not paid because the
vouchers do not come within the existing rule.
That occurs every day.
But I said, Mi. Chan man, that I was opposed
to the pas^a^o of this bill for quite another rea-
son. It is (his: that-at this time, m the great de-
pletion of the public Treasury, when the energies
of the Government ore employed and the brain
of all the KxecuUve Departments, and the wisdom
of Congress is taxed to its utmost, to supply means
for the piesent pi.es^ing demands upon the Tieas-
ury, to support the very life of the Government,
we present bete to-night the spectacle of States,
repiescnted on this floor to the number of ten or
twelve, in a sciamhlo as to who shall be fust in
d i aw ing out of the Ti ensui y that which is due to
them. 11 is d ue justly, I admit—due as much as
indt\ idual claims upon the Government, or any
individual claim upon another. But still we pie-
sent the lamentable spectacle of the States rush-
ing m at tins moment upon tiie Treasury of the
United States, when the public credit is shaking
like an aspen leaf, when theTrcasury is stagger-
ing under its great load, making haste to see
which of them shall first have its share. I know
nothing like i', exiept the action of the drunken
cievv of a ship well-nigh foundered among the
bieakois, when fhey rutih in upon and plunder
the bu;|i r\s room, each snatching oft*that whicH
he can first seize as his pa11 of the spoil and booty.
In saying tins, 1 beg gentlemen to understand
what 1 ha\e iepeated, that it is no iejection upon
any claim presented, it is m admitting tluUevery
claim is juht and fair in itself; but every one of us
must also admit heie that there are a vast number
of just claims piessing upon the Government
winch it lias no pnwnt means to respond to. Of
all the ciulifoir, of thi*> Government, some 11am-
ormg for pay, eome perishing fur the want of it,
some wh o have waited long and celled often, some
of them hevoto be put off by that gieat necessity
which overrides all, that the Go vet n men i must be
saved whether they be paid or not. Our Secre-
tary of the Treasui y is in New Yotk,in Boston,
in Philaih Iphia, at his wits' ends for raising the
means lor the daily disbursements of the Govei n-
ment. And we aic here repiesenting the States
who have also claims upon ihcGovetnmert, and
insisting that whatcvei other claims there may
be, whaie\< r othei demands there may he on the
Treasury ot tht  United States to suppoit her ar-
mies in (he fie'd,and to support her m those vast
expenditures of millions a day, we shall have our
pay, and wo shall have it fust, and he is the best
who shall reach the Treasury first—and the devil
take the hindmost.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I submit if it is not a
lamentable spectacle to thecountry to behold this
evening's proceedings here—all of us insisting on
it that we shall step in on this occasion. Sir, the
States that incurred expenditures in the last war
with Great Britain, when the Government had
never involved itself in such expenditures and
debts as it does now, waited for years after peace
before they got their claims liquidated; and they
waited for years after the accounts were adjusted
at the Treasury Department before appropriations
were made.
Why, sir, the State of Massachusetts received
from the Secretary of War a certified statement
of the sum due that State for expenses incurred
during the last war, as these expenses have now
been incurred by Pennsylvania, by Ohio, by Ma-
ryland, by Massachusetts, and other States,and
yet she rested for forty long years with her ac-
counts adjusted and certified as due before she
was paid by an appropriation from the national
Treasury, and that without interest. She waited
from 1815 down to 1860 before that appropriation
was made. And yet there was nevera suspicion
of injustice or fraud attached to her claim.
But, sir, my friend from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
has introduced a grand and beautiful scheme for
funding these debts, quoting Alexander Hamil-
ton's authority on that subject, and he fears these
States will go to destruction unless we make haste
and take off the burdens of these debts from them.
He fears that unless that is done, the citizens of
these States will flee from them to the rebellious
South in order to avoid taxation.
Mr. BLAINE. This is not the first time my
amendment has been referred to. T ask the gen-
tleman to allow me now to interrupt him long
enough to state precisely the point, for I regard
it as one of importance. I stated this, that when
the Government was reestablished and the rebel-
lious States had returned to their loyalty, that when
thiity or forty new States had grown up out of
our domain, we should then witness the anomalous
and unjust spectacle of the people of the loyal
States going South, and going into these new-
born States in order to escape the taxation that
would result by allowing these immense debts to
remain upon the now loyal States. Now I ask
if the gentleman has given a fair interpretation to
what i said when he remarked that I was afraid
these people would run off into the rebellious
States? If the gentleman will take my amend-
ment and read it, he will see that it is not sus-
ceptible of his interpretation. From the whole-
sale chaiactcr of his remaiks I do not think he
did undeistand the amendment, and from the tone
of scolding which he is veiy much in the habit of
towatd everybody who does not exactly gee with
his understanding, I very much doubt if it would
treat it fairly if he did understand it. [Laughter.]
My amendment only provides that a final re-
port shall be made to Congress by a year from
next December.
Mr. DAW ES. This is the first time I ever heard
that I insisted upon controlling other people's
votes.
Mr. BLAINE. Not at all. I suid the gentle-
man was in the habit of indulging in a tone of
scold. [Laughter.]
Mr, DA WES. Well, Mr. Chairman, if 1 may
be allowed to continue tn the manner in which I
was brought up, protesting all the time that I
never scold anybody, however I may appear to
do so, I will make one other lemaik.
Mr. WEBSTER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask bun a question?
Mi. DAWES. Notatall; I cannot allow any
of this side-play. Now, if the gentleman fiom
Maine has, upon a question whether we shall
pay Pennsylvania $60(1,000, introduced a scheme
to be inaugurated after peace shall be restored
and the rebellious States brought back into the
Union; after they shall be icoiganizcd in all the
glory of free Stales, inviting immigration fiom
the North, I, still do not entirely understand it,
I can, however, see the pertinency of his intro-
ducing Alexander Hamilton, whose gieat forte
was this funding system which he inaugurated
five or six ycais after the war of the Revolution
had ceased. The gentleman's plan reminds me
very much of the lady in the play, who bought a
door-plate with the name of Thompson on it,
which she explained by saying, that it might so
happen that she should get married, that she
