1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'755
March, and we are now in the 19th day of Feb-
ruary. It is exceedingly important that this bill
should be passed in season to be carried into oper-
ation before that time, if it is to be passed at all.
We have but a very few days to do it in; and I un-
derstand the House of Representatives has already
voted to adjourn over until Tuesday, and nailed
themselves on that subject, and are waiting to re-
ceive this bill to act upon itas soon as possible. It
is in a peculiar stage. It has got to the point where
wc cannot amend it. This is the report of a com-
mittee of conference, and we must take it as a
whole or not take it at all. All the discussions
upon this and that particular provision'of the bill
are only to satisfy us that we should vote against
it entirely, because there is no hope of amending
it in any way.
Now, let me appeaj to my friends on this side
of the Chamber in a very few words, and I hope
I shall not be considered as " a dictator" in at-
tempting to do it. We understand that on the
other side of the Chamber, with a certain portion
of them, to say the least,it is madeaparty ques-
tion somewhat; and it is opposed on that ground.
The desire is to defeat any law providing for the
conscription or amendatory of the law in exist-
ence. I find no fault with those gentlemen for
taking that position; they have the right to take
it. But let me ask gentlemen on this side of the
Chamber, is it wise that we should protract this
measure, which is so very important, (because I
believe we are all agreed that we need an amend-
ment of the existing law,) by long debates on
points which cannot now be amended, unless our
design is to defeat the bill by the arguments on
these particular points; and more especially let
me ask whether it is wise to take this occasion
to reply to speeches made on another question
and on another occasion in relation to other mat-
ters which are not pressing before the Senate,
when we are in such a position as we are in with
reference to this bill. The interests of the coun-
try, in our judgment on this side of the House,
require not only that a bill on this subject should
be passed, but that it should be passed at once in
order to be effective; and gentlemen must see that
if this bill fails wc can have none in season for
the effect that we wish to accomplish by it, that
is, in season for the draft which is ordered.
I have not examined this report of the confer-
ence committee particularly. I have been so ex-
ceedingly engaged in other matters that I have had
no time to examine it. I concurred with the ma-
jority in passing the original bill that went from
the Senate. I understand that the report of the
committee leaves the bill substantially the same,
altering it in two or three particulars, which have
been discusscd here. With reference to someof
those particulars, I might agree with my friends
who have taken exception on the subject. There
is one provision, which has not been specially
alluded to that I know of, which I am very sorry
has been struck out of the bill. I deemed it a
very important provision, and was strongly in
favor of it. That was the clause as to the appro-
priation of the commutation money; and substi-
tutes were directed to be so procured that the re-
spective districts might have the advantage, if
they could, of the money they had paid. 1 un-
derstand that has been struck out. I would rather
it had be$n retained. I think it would have been
more just and more equal.
With regard to the particular proposition that
is now under debate, 1 wish it to be understood
that by any vote I may give for accepting the re-
port of the committee I certainly do not mean to
commit myself on any general principle. It often
happens that in order to accomplish a great and
good puipose in this particular crisis of our his-
tory we are obliged to take some things that we
do not like. I am precisely in that position here.
There are some things in the bill as it is left by
this report that I do not like, that I would not
vote for by themselves; but believing that the bill
itself is very important, believing that time too is
all-important, I hope we shall at once act upon
it; and if my honorable friend from Kentucky has
any design to respond to the speech which the hon-
orable Senator fro'm New Hampshire has made
in reply to one he made the other day, 1 will ap-
peal to his magnanimity to defer it to some futuie
occasion,
Mr. DAVIS. I have not any idea of replying.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not break my own
rule and make a speech on the subjcct. I rose
simply to appeal to our friends under the peculiar
circumstances of the case to act on this question
and let us settle whether we are to have the bill
or not, and not longer discuss points which we
cannot amend.
Mr. CARLILE, 1 shall detain the Senate but
for a moment; and I do not know that I should
occupy even a moment but for a remark which
fell from the Senator from Maine. The Senator
has intimated that probably party considerations
will govern Senators in their votes on this bill.
Mr. President, if I know myself, no such consid-
erations have governed me in any vote I have cast
since I have been a member of the Senate. I have
patiently listened to the discussion to-day on this
bill and upon the former act during this session
and at the lastCongress; and everything has been
discussed, (if I may be allowed with all respect
to say so,) in my humble judgment, but the very
question in controversy. It is a misfortune, it
may be the result of the troubled state of the times
into which we have been thrown, that there is
scarcely a proposition which comes before this
body but what, in the opinions of Senators, the
subject of slavery and the negro enters into its
consideration, and upon such subjects almost all^
of the time of the Senate is expended by way of
discussion.
Now, sir, I am free to say that if the Congress
of the United States possesses the power to con-
script white men it possesses the power to con-
script negroes, whether free or slave; and upon
that subject I would not hesitate for a moment.
Convince me of the power, and I will go with the
Senator from Michigan. When I heard the Sen-
ator from Michigan say that there could be no
doubt of our powerto conscript, I hoped he would
attempt to prove it. Convinceme of that power,
and I will go with the Senator and vote for this
proposition, but the bill itself assumes the power
in the Government of the United States to con-
scrip:, ~nd the discussions have all gone on the
assumption of that power. Sir, I deny the power.
I not only doubt the power, but I deny the
powerto conscript either white or black men un-
der the Constitution of the United States for any
purpose whatever. I acknowledge your power
to raise armies; but how are you to raise them?
Is the Constitution to be so construed as to give
to one clause efficacy by annulling another?
Ought it not be construed so as to make it con-
sistent with itself? Can you not give effect and
force to every provision contained in it? If this
Government possesses the power to conscript the
citizens of the several States into its armies, I ask
Senators where is that which is declared to be the
only security of a free State, the militia of the
State ? Where is it but placed at the mercy of this
Government? Your Constitution in as plain lan-
guage as that which confers upon you the power
to raise armies, recognizes the existence of the
militia of the several States of the Union, and de-
clares that thatmihUa is the only security and pro-
tection to a free State, and prohibitsyou fiom tak-
ing away from it the right to bear aims. If you
have the power, therefore, to conscript, it is an
unlimited power, and you can destroy the militia
of every State, and you can bringevery State pros-
trate and bleeding at the feet of this Government.
It is because 1 deny the power, because no argu-
ment has been attempted that I ever heard yet to
show that the power to conscript exists in this
Government, that 1 shall be compelled, under the
oath I have taken to support the Constitution, to
vote against this proposition.
Mr."POWELL. The Senator from Iowa a
little while ago attempted to reply to the position
I had taken,"that the twenty-sixth section of the
bill now before the Senate was a violation of the
Constitution. He stated that the fixing of the
value 
Mr. GRIMES. I take back all I said, if that
wiil be satisfactory to the Senator.
Mr. POWELL. And admit that you were
wrong?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes.
Mr. POWELL. Then of course you will vote
with me, unless you admit that you vote to vio-
late the Constitution. If you admit that I am
right, that tins si-ction is unconstitutional, I will
say no more. But, sir—~
Several Senators. Then let us vote now.
Mr. POWELL. If you insult me in that way
I will speak for five hours. I am not in the habit
of speaking long in this body. I treat others like
gentlemen, and I intend that they shall Creat me
so. I wish that to be distinctly understood. I
have listened to a great many speeches h§re that
were not very pleasant, and which I thought were
notcalculated to enlighten the Senate or the coun-
try, but I never was guilty of the rudeness of
pioposing to take a vote when a Senator had the
floor; and no gentleman will do it.
Mr. President, I have but a very few remarks
to make. The Senator from Iowa, when I cited
the clause of the Constitution which declares that
private property shall not he taken for public use
without just compensation as being violated by
this bill,declared that the clauseof the bill allow-
ing the Secretary of War, on the report of a com-
mission, to fix a value not exceeding $300 for the
slave taken for the military service, was a com-
pliance with the piovision of the Constitution.
The Senator by that argument admitted that the
provision of the Constitution required compensa-
tion to be given. I hold that that provision in the
bill is not a compliance with the clause of the
Constitution which I cited. I think the Senator
is utterly and totally mistaken when he says that
Congress complies with that provision of the
Constitution by fixing the value of the property
taken by the Government. That provision of the
Constitution cannot be fairly met or complied
with unless the private property which is taken
shall be paid for, a just compensation made, and
that just compensation must be a fair and full
equivalent for the value of the property taken.
Now, sir, in this bill you provide that the owner
of the slave when he volunteers shall be paid a
just compensation, but that that just compensa-
tion shall not exceed $300. 1 put it to the Senate
if that is a just compensation within the meaning
of the Constitution? it certainly is not. A just
compensation undoubtedly means a fair equiva-
lent. But there is a provision in the bill that when
the slave is drafted the master shall only receive
the §100 bounty. If the slave volunteers, he re-
ceives $300. I ask the Senate if the slave that
volunteers is of more value than the slave who is
drafted? Certainly not. Anybody that knows
anything about slave property, knows that the*
slave who is attached to his home, and does not
want to leave his master, other things being equal,
is of more value than one that will volunteer; and
yet, sir, if the slave is drafted under this bill in
which you use the term "just compensation
the master gets but $100, while if the slave vol-
unteers the master gets $300.
To tell me that such a provision meets the re-
quirements of the Constitution is mockery, worse
than mockery. Here are two slaves of equal age,
equal in physique, equal in capacity to labor. One
is willing to go away from his masterand volun-
teer, and the other does not want to go, but you
draft him; you propose to give the master of one
§300 and the master of the other $100. 1 ask Sen-
ators, if they respect their oaths, how they can, in
accordance with this provision of the Constitu-
tion, vote for this bill? It is clearly unconstitu-
tional.
It will not do for Senators to say that there is
no property in slaves. In this very bill you rec-
ognize that property and propose to make pay-
ment for it, but, as I believe, a very inadequate
payment. I say you cannot meet the requirements
of this provision of the Constitution unless you
appoint some tribunal that is to fix the value of
the propet ty upon proof. That is the only way
in which you can do it. Suppose we were to
pass a bill saying that the horses in the State of
Iowa should he taken into the public service, and
that the Secretary of War should appoint a com-
mission who should go to the Slate of Iowa and
fix the value in order to pay the owners a just
compensation, but should pay for no horse a sum
exceeding twenty dollars, would the Senator from
Iowa think that was a fulfillment of that clause of
the Constitution? Certainly not, sir, if the horses
be worth three or four or five times thatamount,
as some of them no doubt are. It is a clear, pal-
pable, unmistakable violation of the Constitution.
There can be no doubt about it.
Sir, when the legislature passes laws by which
private property is taken for public uses, it must
fix some tribunal that is to decide upon the ques-
tion of value in which the parties can be heard,
and a fair, just equivalent can be given, Thatia
