1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
27V7
house
ruary
scs, and for other purposes," approved Feb-
29, 1SU4, was taken from the Speaker's table
and read a fiiV-and second time, and, on mo'ion of
Mr. Fen'tov, refericd to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
PORT OltVOHD AND CAPE PK11PETUA.
An act (S. No. 283) to abolish the collection
distnets oi Port Orford and Cape Perpetua, in the
State of Oregon, was taken from the Speaker's
table and read a first and second time.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and was
accordingly read tins third lime, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNEs of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
red k1vjeu of tiib north.
An act (S. No. 272) to facilitate trade on the
Red river of the North was taken from the Speak-
er's table, and read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 do not
think there can be any objection to that bill, and
I hope it will be put on its passage.
Mr. FENTON. I think the bill had better be
considered by the Committee on Commerce be-
fore the House determines to pass it.
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois, If the gen-
tleman from New York has any objection to the
bill, I should be glad if he would state it.
Mr. FENTON. I do not know whether I have
or not. I desire to have it referred for the pur-
pose of usccitaining  *
Mr. DONNELL Y. I hope at this stage of the
session this bill will not be referred.
Mr. WASUBURNE, of Illinois. 1 will sug-
gest to the gentleman fiom New Yoik that there
may be some doubt whether the Committee on
Commerce will be called again.
Mr. FENTON. I have no objection to the bill
being passed over informally.
Theie being no objection, the bill was passed
over informally.
VETO TOWEIt IN WASHINGTON.
An act (S. No. 285) to regulate the veto power
in the Territory of Washington was read a fust
and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the bill be refericd to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. COLE, of Washington. I move to amend
by referring H !o the Committee on Territories.
Mr. UPSON. 1 desae to ask whether the Del-
egate from Washington Territory has the right
to make that motion.
The SPEAKER. Under the practice of the
House, Delegates have the right to make motions
but. not to vote.
Mr. BEAM AN. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The motion to refer to the Committee on Ter-
ritoues was not agreed to.
On the motion to r< for to the Committee on the
Judiciary, 35 voted m the aHirmutive, and 50 m
the negative; no quorum.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messts. Seaman and Lazear.
The House egam divultd; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 4 4, noes 48.
So the lull was not referred.
The bill was oidi-red to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. COLE, til Washington, took the floor.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Washington
yields to me to move that the House do now ad-
juuin.
GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES.
P'-wHtig: the'motion to adjourn,
Mr. A."W. CLARK, fiom the Committee on
Punting, moved that the committee be discharged
from the fuith«'i consideration of a memorial" of
three hundred Government employes, male and
female, m regard to their hours of labor.
The motion wasagieed to; and the memorial
was laid upon the table.
.yids-de-camp.
The SPE YKEU laid hr-forc the House a leUer
frcm the Secretary ot Wor in answer to a resolu-
tion T>f the House trnnsmittinga listof additional
aids-de-camp appointed under act of August 5,
I8GJ, showing iheir ntrik,&c.; which was laid
upon the table* and ordered to be printed.
PERE MARQUETTE AND FLINT RAILROAD.
Mr. SLOAN, by unanimous consent, moved
to take up Senate joint resolution No. 42, to ex-
tend the time for the reversion to the United States
of lands granted by Congress to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Pere Marquette to
Flint, and for the completion of said road.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
LOCATION OF LANDS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. THAYER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Private Lajid Claims, reported
back House bill No. 435, concerning a certain lo-
cation of lands in the.State of Missouri; which
was ordered to be printed and recommitted to the
same committee.
ALEXANDRIA AND-WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York,by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to amend an act to extend
the charter of the Alexandria and Washington
raihoad,and for other purposes, approved March
3, 18G3; which was read a first and second time,
and refened to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
COMMITTEE ON NAVAL AFFAIRS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, moved that Saturday of next week be
set apart for the consideration of business from
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
Mr. DRIGGrS. I nsk unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
WhoriMt? it js provided in section nine of tlio act incor-
poiatmgthe WTa«hin«ton and Geoujetowu Railroad Com-
pany, ttiot said company u shall urn ea^theieon during the
day n-s often a* eveiy five nuiiuto, oxeepi as to Seventh
and Fourteenth uti.-et^, and mi these once in fifteen min-
utrr-. eafh way," oi as often as the public mteiest may rc-
qniie; anrl wheioa* the cars ate vvithdiawn iroin tlieser-
vt<%e of the public on Smidiu s, contiaiv to (he usage in other
cnic«, and ureally to ilie inconvenience of the citizens* and
member of Connies- m vi-iunr: hospitals and in attending
to othei neco^iuy dm tes : Tiieieioie,
Resolved, Thai I he Committee Jor the Di=n iet of Colum-
bia be instiucted to Inquire into the reasons why said com-
pany do not i mi their cars on each day of the week in ac-
coidaiKe wall the a> t oi incorpoiatiou. 4
Resolved, That the committee be linther instructed to re-
port to tins IIoiho, with as little delay as ptacticahle, such
nir!!)''i mea-ine0, it' any, a*- may be neees^.iry to secure the
tunning ol the caison each and eveiy day of the week.
, Mr. PRICE. I object.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to.
And then (at ten minutes past four o'clock
p.m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 1, 1804.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal wasdis-
pensed with.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like very much,
if the Senate will allow me, to take up the fortifi-
cation bill now. 1 think we can pass it in a short
time.
Mr. HOWARD and Mr. CONNESS. I hope
we shall be allowed the morning hour.
Mr. FESSENDEN. OfcoursV I shall not press
the motion against tho&wiahes of gentlemen.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, accompanied by a letter of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, concerning the claim of
the confederate tribes of Kaskuskia, Peoria, Pian-
keahaWj and Wcti Indians, arising out of the pro-
visions of the treaty of May, 30,1854, with those
Indians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affaitft.
rirrrnoxs ani> memorials.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a series of resolutions
adopted by the Synod of the Reformed Piesby-
nrian Church, June 1, 18GI, signed, "by order
of the Synod, R. Z. Wilson,c?erk,?J which I have
been desired to present to the Senate. One of these
resolutions, which gives an idea of the whole, is as
follows:
''That we demand, in the great name of thatGod with
whom there is no respect ot persons, the immediate and un-
conditional emancipation of all persons hcM in slavery in
the United States, the abolition of all laws making odious
distinctions on account of color, and such an amendment
of the Constitution as will forever prevent Involuntary ser-
vitude, except for crime, in the United States."
I ask the reference of these resolutions to the
committee on slavery and freedmen.
They were so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present eleven petitions
of men aiid women of the United States praying
for the abolition of slavery and such an amend-
ment of the Constitution as will forever prohibit
its existence in any portion of the Union. In
offering these petitions I beg to remark that the
mass of the petitioners, now amounting to three
hundred thousand, asking for immediate emanci-
pation by act of Congress, I am instructed, are
from the working classes. If you will look at
the signatures you will find it so. In many let-
ters the signers say their names have all been
written on the anvil, the rail fence, the plow, or
the work-bench. It may be remarked that Illi-
nois is two thousand ahead of all the other States,
"the fruit,"my correspondent remarks, "no doubt
of the seed sown by the ever-faithful Owen Love-
joy." I ask the reference of these petitions to the
committee on slavery and freedmen.
They were so referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 299) authorizing the levy court of Washing-
ton county, District of Columbia, to levy and col-
lect its portion of the direct tax imposed by the
act of Congress of August 5, 1861, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY,from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom were referred the following
bills, reported them severally withoutamendment
and with a recommendation that their further con-
sideration be postponed to the next session of
Congress, the committee not being sufficiently
advised as to the routes of the proposed roads:
A bill (S. No.295) making additional,grant of
lands to the State of Minnesota, in alternate sec-
tions, to aid in the construction of a railroad in
said State; and
A bill (S. No. 297) making a grant of lands to
the Territories of Dakota and Montana, in alter-
nate sections, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road in said Territories.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
two thousand copies of the currency act for the
use of thd Comptroller of the Currency, reported
it without amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider the said res-
olution, and it was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred a resolu-
tion instructing the committee to inquire into the
expediency of amending the neutrality laws, asked
to ue discharged from its further consideration*,
which was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom were referred the following
bills, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 121) donating public lands to
the several States for the support and education
of the orphan children of soldiers and sailors
who die in the military and naval service of the
United States; and
A bill (S, No. 239) to grant aid for the con-
struction of certain railroads in Minnesota.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 493) for the relief
of William Brmdle, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred a bill (H.
R. No. 422) to amend an act entitled "An act to
confirm certain private land claims in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, reported it withoutamend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was ruiVned a letter of the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating papers relative to the ap-
