1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
US
Laivs of the United States.
38th Cong-..:. 1st Sess.
association shall make any loan or discount on the
security of the shares of its own capital stock,
nor be the purchaser or holder of any such shares,
unless such security or purchase shall be neces-
sary to prevent loss upon a debt previously con-
tracted m good faith; and stock so purchased or
acquired shall, within six months from the time
of its puichase, be sold or disposed of at public
or private sale, in default of which a receiver
may be appointed to close up the business of the
association, according to the provisions of this act.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted., That no
association shall at any time be indebted, or in
any way liable, to an amount exceeding the
amount of its capital stock at such time actually
paid in and remaining undiminished by losses or
otherwise, except on the following accounts; that
is to say:
First. On account of its notes of circulation.
Second. On accountof moneys deposited with,
or collected by, such association.
Third. On accountof bills of exchange ordrafts
drawn against money ^ctually on deposit to the
credit of such association, or due thereto.
Fourth. On account of liabilities to its stock-
holders for dividends and reserved profits.
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted, That no
association shall, either directly or indirectly,
pledge or hypothecate any of its notes of circu-
lation, for the purpose of procuring money to be
Caid in on its capital stock, or to be used in its
anking operations, or otherwise; nor shall any
association use its circulating notes, or any part
thereof, in any manner or form, to create or in-
crease its capital stock.
Sec. 33. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no
association or any member thereof, shall, during
the time it shall continue its banking operations,
withdraw, or permit to be withdrawn, either; n>
form of dividends or otherwise, any portion of
its capital. And if losses shall at any time have
been sustained by any such association equal to
or exceeding its undivided profits then on hand,
no dividend shall be made; and no dividend shall
ever be made by any association, while it shall con-
tinue its banking operations, to an ainountgreater
than its net profits then on band, deducting there-
from its losses and bad debts. And all debts due
to any association on which interest is past due
and unpaid for a period of six months, unless the
same shall be well secured, and shall be in pro-
cess of collection, shall be considered bad debts
within the moaning of this act: Provided, That
nothing in this section shall prevent the reduction
of the capital stock of the association under the
thirteenth section of this act.
Sec. 39. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no
association shall at any time pay out on loans
or discounts, or in purchasing drafts or bills of
exchange, or in payment of deposits, or in any
other mode pay or put ifi circulation the notes of
any bank or banking association which shall not,
at any such time, be receivable, at par, on deposit
and in payment of debts by the association so
paying out or circulating such notes; nor shall it
knowingly pay out or putin circulation any notes
issued by any bank or banking association which
at the time of such paying out or putting in cir-
culation is not redeeming its circulating notes in
lawful money of the United States.
Sec. 40. And be it further enacted, That the
president and cashier of every such association
shall cause to be kept at all times a full and cor-
rect list of the names and residences of all the
shareholders in the association, and the number
of shares held by each in the office where its
business is transacted; and such list shall be sub-
ject to the inspection of all the shareholders and
creditors of the association, and the officers au-
thorized to assess taxes under State authority,
during business hours of each day in which busi-
ness maybe legally transacted; and a copy of
such list, on the first Monday of July in each year,
verified by the oalh of such president or cashier,
shall be transmitted to the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency.
Sec. 41. And he it further enacted, That the
plates and special dies to be procured by the
Comptroller of the Currency for the printing of
such circulating notes shsll remain under his con-
trol and direction, and the expenses necessarily
incurred in executing the provisions of this act
respecting the procuring of such notes, and all
other expenses of the bureau, shall be paid out
of the proceeds of the taxes or duties now rir
hereafter to be assessed on the circulation, and
collected from associations organized under this
act. And in lieu of all existing taxes, every as-
sociation shall pay to the Treasurer'of the Uni-
ted States, in the months of January and July, a
duty of one half of one ppr centum each half year
from and after the first day of January, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, upon the average amount
of its notes in circulation, and a duty of one
quarter of one per centum each half year upon
the average amount of its deposits, and a duty of
one quarter of one per centum each half year, as
aforesaid, on the average amount of its capital
stock beyond the amountinvested in United States
bonds; and in case of default in the payment
thereof by any association, the duties aforesaid
may be collected in the manner provided for the
collection of United States duties of other cor-
porations, or the Treasurer may reserve the
amount of said duties out of the interest, as it
may become due, on the bonds deposited with
him by such defaulting association. And it shall
be the duty of each association, within ten days
from the first days of January and July of each
year, to make a return, under the oath of its pres-
ident or cashier, to the Treasurer of the United
States, in such form as he may prescribe, of the
average amount of its notes in circulation, and
of the average amount of its deposits, and of the
average amount of its capital stock, beyond the
amount invested in United States bonds, for the
six months next preceding said first days of
January and July as aforesaid, and in default of
such return, and for each default thereof, each
defaulting association shall forfeit and pay to the
United States the sura of two hundred dollars, to
be collected either out of the interest as it may
become due such association on the bonds de-
posited with the Treasurer, or, at his option, in
the manner in which penalties are to be collected
of other corporations under the laws of the Uni-
ted States; and in case of such defaultthe amount
of the duties to be paid by such association shall
be assessed upon the amount of notes delivered
to such association by the Comptroller of the
Currency, and upon the highest amount of its
deposits and capital stock, to be ascertained in
such other manner as the Treasurer may deem
best: Provided, That nothing in this act shall be
construed to prevent all the shares in any of the
said associations, held by any person or body-
corporate, from being included in the valuation
of the personal property of such person or cor-
poration in the assessment of taxes imposed by
or under State authority at the place where such
bank is located, and not elsewhere, but not at a
greater rate than is assessed upon other moneyed
capital in the hands of individual citizens of such
State: Provided further, That the tax so imposed
under the laws of any State upon the shares of
any of the associations authorized by this act shall
not exceed the rate imposed upon the shares in
any of the banks organized under authority of
the State where such association is located: Pro-
vided, also, That nothing in this act shall ex-
empt the real estate of associations from either
State, county, or municipal taxes to the same
extent, according to its value, as other real estate
is taxed.
Sec. 42. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any
association may go into liquidation and be closed
by the vote of its shareholders owning two thirds
of its stock. And whenever such vote shall be
taken it shall be the duty of the board of direct-
ors to cause notice of this fact to be certified,
under the seal of the association, by its presi-
dent or cashier, to the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, and publication thereof to be made for a
period of two months in a newspaper published
in the city of New York, and also in a newspa-
per published in a city or town in which the as-
sociation is located, and if no newspaper be there
published, then in the newspaper published near-
est thereto, that said association is closing up its
affairs, and notifying the holders of its notes and
other creditors to present the notes and other
claims against the association for payment. And
at any time after the expiration of one year from
the time of the publication of such notice as afore-
said, the said association may pay over to,'the
Treasurer of the United States the amount oiTits
outstanding notes in the lawful money of the
United States, and take'up the bonds which said
association has on deposit with the Treasurer
for the security of its circulating* notes; which
bonds shall be assigned to the bank in the man-
ner specified in the nineteenth section of this act,
and from that time the outstanding notes of said
association shall be redeemed at the Treasury of
the United States, and the said association and the
shareholders thereof shall be discharged from ail
liabilities therefor.
Sec. 43. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
Treasurer, on receiving from an association law-
ful money for the payment and redemption of its
outstanding notes, as provided for in the pre-
ceding section of this act, shall execute dupli-
cate receipts therefor, one to the association and
the other to the Comptroller of the Currency,
stating the amount received by him, and the pur-
pose for which it has been received, which amount
shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
States, and placed to the credit of such associa-
tion upon redemption account. AM it shall be
the duty of the Treasurer, whenever he shall re-
deem any of the notes of said association, to cause
the same to be mutilated, and charged to the re-
demption account of said association; and All
notes so redeemed by the Treasurer shall, every
three months, be certified to and burned in the
manner prescribed in the twenty-fourth section of
this act.
Sec. 44. Jlnd he it further enacted, That any
bank incorporated by special law, or any bank-
ing institution organized under a general law of
any State, may, by authority of this act, become
a national association under its provisions, by
the name prescribed in its organization certifi-
cate; and in such case the articles of association
and the organization certificate required by this
act may be executed by a majority of the direct-
ors of the bank or banking institution; and said
certificate shall declare that the owners of two
thirds of the capital stock have authorized the
directors to make such certificate and to change
and convert the said bank or banking institu-
tion into a national association under this act.
And a majority of the directors, after executing
said articles of association and organization cer-
tificate, shall have power to execute all other
papers, and to do whatever may be required to
make its organization perfect and complete as a
national association. The shares of any such
bank may continue to be for the same amount
each as they were before said conversion, and the
directors aforesaid may be the directors of the
association until others are elected or appointed
in accordancc with the provisions of this act;
and any State bank which is a stockholder in any
other bank, by authority of State laws, may
continue to hold its stock, although either bank,
or both, may be organized under and have ac-
cepted the provisions of this act. When the
Comptroller shall give to such association a cer-
tificate, under his hand and official seal, that the
provisions of this act have been complied with,
and that it is authorized to commence the busi-
ness of banking under it, the association shall
have the same powers and privileges, and shall
be subject to the same duties, responsibilities, and
rules, in all respects as are prescribed in this net
for other associations organized under it, and shall
be held and regarded as an association under this
act: Provided, however, That no such associa-
tion shall have a less capital than the amount pre-
scribed for banking associations under this act.
Sec. 45. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all as-
sociations under this act, when designated for
that purpose by the Secretary of the Treasury,
shall be depositaries of public money, except
receipts from customs, under such regulations
as may be prescribed by the Secretary; and they
may also be employed as financial agents of the
Government; and they shall perform all such
reasonable duties, as depositaries of public mon-
eys and financial agents of the Government, as
may be required of them. And the Secretary of
the Treasury shall require of the associations
thus designated satisfactory security, by the de-
posit of United States bonds and otherwise, for
the safe-keeping and prompt payment of the
