im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
fhe mesinmgof the Constitution,.and it cannot be
"^turea into meaning anything else. That has
fceen the practice in aH the States. If you take
lands over "which you make a road you have an
inquisition from your courts, you go through the
Instrumentality of a jury generally and settle the
value. It is so if you take any property for pub-
lic uses in all the States of the union. There is
ahvays sometribunal appointed to adjudge and to
"fijethe value upon proof.
A man may have a slave worth §1,000, and if
ycro ilraft that stave unxler this bill you propose to
£ayhim but $ 100. He may have another slave
'•&ortfi"j|350, and if that slave enlists voluntarily
In the 'Army you propose to pay him $300. That
'ib Vbe&uttful" carrying out of the provision of the
ConstUtftibti indeed! In the case of the drafted
man yofa'nbt only take the slave against his will,
but in rtfric cases out of ten you take him against
the will of his master. Here you run countcr both
to'the will of the slave who is drafted and to the
wi!J of the owner, and you attempt to got rid of
this plain provision of the Constitution by allow-
ing him $100 for property worth $3,000! The
proposition is too plain for argument. I do not
•see how Senators who regard the Constitution as
1 construe it can cast a vote for this bill.
I will say one word to my friend from Michigan,
and I shall not trouble myself particularly with
authorities on this subject. The Senator holds
that the common law did not recognize property
inslaves. The Senator from Maryland to be sure
has met that argument. 1 was astonished when
the Senator from Michigan made that statement,-
knowing as 1 do his ability as a lawyer. "Why,
air, it has been hold by the highest tribunals in
England over and over again that slaves were the
subject of merchandise and property, and it has
been soheh) byevery State in Christendom.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow me a word ?
Mr. POWELL. With great pleasure.
Mr. HOWARD. Can he point out a single
case ofu commeicial hansaction where a slave
formed a consideration of the contract in England
or in any other place whore the common law of
England prevailed and which contract was upheld
by the English courts? If he can do so ho can do
something towards convincing me of my error;
or any case in modern times in which the Eng-
lish courts have recognized the legality of slavery
within the limits of England, or any place where
the common law of England prevailed.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me
1 will rend an extract from the decision of the
judges, delivered in 1713, when that question was
Submitted to them by the Crown in council:
<4ln pursuance of his Mnjosly'w outer in council, hoie-
unto annexed, we do humbly certify our opinion to be thnt
negroes arc merchandise.'*
That was signed by Lord Chief Justice Holt,
Judge Pollexien, and eight other judges of Eng-
land.
Mr. HOWARD. Negroes?
Mr. POWELL. Yes," sir.
Mr. HOWARD. 3n England?
Mr. POWELL Yes sir. D« ns not the gen-
tleman know that negroes were bought and .sold
in the streets of London for years ? Such w the
fact. In 1827, Loid Stowell, in the case com-
monly called the " Slave Grace" ense by the law-
yers, delivered a most elaborate opinion, in which
ne utterly repudiated the opinion of Lord Mans-
field in the Somersett case, and held ihe doctrine
that slaves weic subjects of merchandise pro-
tected by the laws.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to inquire of the
Senator from Kentucky what was the nature of
the transaction to which that ease referred?
Mr. POWELL. That was the case of a slave
brought from the Bermudas. I do not recollc-t
the particulars minutely.
Mr. HOWARD. In what way did it arise in
the courts? "Was it on a habeas corpus, or was it
for the collection of some debt growing out of the
sale of a slave ? What was the nature of the trans-
action ?
Mr. POWELL. I cannot state the whole facts
of the case. 1 have not jrot it before me; but I
will give the Senator another ease. In the high
court of admiralty Sir William Scott pronounced
en opinion in the case of the Le Louis in 2 Dod-
son's Reports, in which he said:
"Lei me not be misunderstood or mteiepresented as a
professed apologist foi this pi actico when I Plate facts which
no man can defi\. thar personal t-iavry arisnu out of for-
cible captivity !=• coeval with the euihesi {n-ilod- of the
history of-Mankind; that it i.-> loutni existing—aiut, as iai
as appear-, without ftmnindvei-ion—in the earh"?t and
moft authentic lecordsot the human race ; that It is recog-
nized hv file codes ot the mo^t polished notion-* of anti
quityj that undei the light of Christianity itself, tiie pos-
Vsmod ot peit-on& f-o acquired has been in every civilized
country inve-ted with the character of propoity. and se-
emed a* such by all the protections of law ; that solemn
treaties have been framed and national monopolies eagerly
sought to facilitate and extend the commerce in tins as-
serted propeity ; and all tin?, with all the sanction* of law.
public and municipal, and without any opposition, except
the prote.-ts of a few private moialMs, little iteaid and io 
attended to, in every country, till within tht>e very lew
yeais, in this particular coimtiy. Jf the inattei ie>tcd heie,
i fear it would have been deemed a mo-t c.xtiavnsant as-
sumption in any court of the law of nations to ptonounce
that this practice, the tolerated, the approved, the encour
aged object of law, ever since man became subject to law,
was piohibited by that law, and was legally cuimiial. But
the matter does not re&t here."
Sir William Scott in that case dccides cleaily
that slavery was recognized by the law of nations;
a'td 1 will tell the Senator that at the time the
Constitution of the United States was formed,
under the law of nations slavery was recognized
in every country in Christendom. There can be
no doubt of that. Whether that holding be right
or wrong, such was the holding of the courts. It
was decided so by Chief Justicc Marshall in the
case of the Antelope. It was decided so by Judge
Parker, of Massachusetts, in the case of the Com-
monwealth vs. Griffith. J t was so held in both of
our treaties in 1783 and in 1815 with Great Britain,
which treaties recognized property in .slaves. 1
think my friend from Michigan was uitirely and
utterly mistaken in Ins legal view of the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the report of the committee of con-
ference, on which the yeas and nays have been
oidcied.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Befoiu the vote is taken
I will state that I have icceived a note ftotn the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamcr] stating
that he is at his lodgings sick.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—IVTe^is. Anthony, Claik, Dixon, Doohttle,Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster. Gtimes, Hale, liaidinjr, Ilan is, Hen-
derson, Johnson, Lane of KaiJMi", Morgan, Mornll, Neh-
mitii, Ramsey, Sherman, Spiayue, Sumner, Ten Eyek,
Van Winkle, Wade, Wil!ey}ami Wilson—'-20.
NAYS—Mes-is. BueUalew, Cailile, Chandler, Cotincss,
Davis, Ilailan, liendiieks, Howard, Ilowe, Lane of In-
diana, Powell, Kiddle, Saul-bmy, Tiumbull, Wilkinson,
and Wnght — lfi.
So the report of the committeee of conference
was concurred in.
message from tllk house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mi, McPiikrson, us Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a joint resolution of the
Senate (No. 27) lelative to the transfer of persons
in the military service to the naval service.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tion; in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A hill (No. 43) for the relief of Milo Sutliffand
Levi H. On.se;
A hill (No. 4?) for iho relief of William C.
Walker, and othei.x;
A hill (C. C, No. 114) for the relief of Daniel
Warmer;
A bill (C. C. No 115) for the relief of Darius
S. Cole;
A lull (C. C. No. 116) for the relief of Wil-
liam G. Btown;
A hill (No. 160) for the relief of Chopin Hall;
A bill (No. 102) for the relief of Nathaniel
McLean, Richard G. Murphy, and Charles E.
Fhtmlreau;
A" bill (No. 163) for the lclief of Charles An-
derson, assignee of John James, of Texas; and
A joint resolution (No. 39) for the relief of Al-
exander Cross.
enrolled tttll signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 31) making
an appropriation foi the payment of taxes on cer-
tain lands owned by the United States; and itwas
thereupon signed by the Vice President,
ADJOURNMENT TO TUESDAY.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it be to meet on Tuesday next.
i Monday js the 22d of February—Washington's
| birthday. --
! Mr. CONNESS. Why not meet to-morrow?
> Mr. ANTHONY. We do not usually meet
on Satuiday.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and refened as indicated below:
A hill (No. 43) for the relief of Milo Sutliff
and Levi H. Case—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill.(No. 47) for the relief of William C.
Walker and others—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (C. C- No. 114) for the relief of Daniel
Wormer—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (C. C. No. 115) for the relief of Darius
S. Cole—to the Committer on Claims.
A bill (C. C. No. 116) for the relief of William
G. Btown—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 160) for the tehef of Chapin Hail-
to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 162) for the relief of Nathaniel
McLean, Richard G. Murphy, and Charles E.
Flandrean—to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A bill (No. 163) for the relief of Charles An-
derson, assignee of John James, of Texas—to
the Committee on Military Affairs and* the Mi-
litia.
A joint resolution (No. 39) for the relief of
Alexander Cross—to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. 1 move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fuipay, February 19,1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
claims of nicaragua.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hold in my
hand some papers which have been sent to the
Committee on Commerce by the Secretary ot1
State in relation to a claim of Nicaragua upon the
Government. I ask that they be referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and printed.
Mr. COX. Has the Committee on Commerce
already control of the subject?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No further
than that these papers have been bcut to it.
Mr. COX. These matters have usually been
icferreil to the Committee on Foreign .Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman desires the matter to go to his committee,
I am sure I have no objection; but the Secretary
of Slate addtessed these papers to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. COX. Well, I have no objection to their
remaining theie.
The papers were referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Washington's birthday.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that, in order to do
honor to Hie 22d day of February, the birtlulay
of Washmgton. when the House adjourns to-day
it shall stand adjourned till Tuesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the motion was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee on public expenditures.
Mr. HULBURD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a resolution authonzing the committee on
public expenditures in their investigation of al-
leged frauds in the New York custom-house, to
take testimony in the city of New York by such
members of the committee as they may designate,
i not, however, to exceed tluee m number,
j The resolution was adopted.
| inspectors oe customs.
| Mr. FENTON asked the unanimous consent
| of the House to take from the Committee of the
j Whole on the state of the Union, Senate bill
j No. G6, to increase the compensation of inspect-
I ors of customs in certain ports.
I Mr. HERRICK objected.
