1U
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
[June 3,
38th Coire....lST Sess.
Laios of the United States.
public money deposited with them, and for the
faithful performance of their duties as financial
agents of the Government: Provided, Thatevery
association which shall be selected and designated
as receiver or depositary of the public tnoney
shall take and receive at par all of the national
currency bills, by whatever association issued,
which have been paid in to the Government for
internal revenue, or for loans or stocks.
Sec. 46. And be it further enacted, That if any
such associationshall at any time fail to redeem,
in the lawful money of the United States, any
of its circulating notes, when payment thereof
shall be lawfully demanded, during the usual
hours of business, at the office of such associa-
tion, or at its place of redemption aforesaid, the
holder may cause the same to be protested, in
one package, by a notary public, unless the presi-
dent or cashier of the association whose notes
are presented for payment, or the president or
cashier of the association at the place at which
they are redeemable, shall offer to waive demand
and notice of the protest, qgd shall, in pursuance
of such offer, make, sign, and deliver to the party
making such demand un admission in writing,
stating the time of the demand, the amount de-
manded, and the fact of the non-payment thereof;
and such notary public, on making such protest,
or upon receiving such admission, shall forth-
with forward such admission or notice of protest
to the Comptroller of the Currency, retaining a
copy thereof. And after such default, on exam-
ination of the facts by the Comptroller, and no-
tice by him to the association, it shall not be law-
ful for the association suffering the same to pay
out any of its notes, discount any notes or bills,
or otherwise prosecute the business of banking,
except to receive and safely keep money belong-
ing to it, and to deliver special deposits: Pro-
vided, That if satisfactory proof be produced to
such notary public that the paymentof any such
notes is restrained by order of any court of com-
petent jurisdiction, such notary public shall not
protest the same; and when the holder of such
notes shall cause more than one note or package
to be protested on the same day, he shall not re-
ceive pay for more than one protest.
Sec. 47. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That on re-
ceiving notice that any such association has failed
to redeem any of its circulating notes, as speci-
fied in the next preceding section, the Comptroller
of the Currency, with the concurrence of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, may appoint a special
agent (of whose appointment immediate notice
shall be given to such association) who shall im-
mediately proceed to ascertain whether such as-
sociation has refused to pay its ciiculating notes
in the lawful money of the United States, when
demanded as aforesaid, and report to the Comp-
troller the fact so ascertained; and if, from such
protest or the report so made, the Comptroller
shall be satisfied that such association has refused
to pay its circulating notes as aforesaid and ism
default, he shall, within thirty days after he shall
have received notice of such failure, declare the
United States bonds ami securities pledged by
such association forfeited to the United States,
and the same shall thereupon be forfeited accord-
ingly. And thereupon the Comptroller shall im-
mediately give notice in such manner as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall, by general rules or
otherwise, direct, to the holders of the circulat-
ing notes of such association to present them for
payment at the Treasury of the United States,
and the same shall be paid as presented in lawful
money of the United States; whereupon said
Comptroller may, in his discretion, cancel an
amount of bonds pledged by such association
equal at curren t market rates, not exceeding par,
to the notes paid. And it shall be lawful for the
Secretary of the Treasury, from time to time, to
make such regulations respecting the disposition
to be made oi such circulating notes after pre-
sentation thereof for payment as aforesaid, and
respecting the perpetuation of the evidence of the
payment thereof as may seem to him proper;
but all such notes, on being paid, shall be can-
celed. And for any deficiency in the proceeds
of the bonds pledged by such association, when
disposed of as hereinafter specified, to reimburse
to the United States the amount so expended in
paying the circulating notes of such association,
the United States shall have a first and paramount
lien upon all the assets of such association; and
such deficiency shall be made good out of such
assets in preference to any and all other claims
whatsoever, cxccpt the necessary costs and ex-
penses of administering the same.
Sec. 48. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever the Comptroller shall become satisfied, as in
the last preceding section specified, that any as-
sociation has refused to'jiay its circulating notes
as therein mentioned, he may, instead of can-
celing the United States bonds pledged by such
association, as provided in the next preceding
section, cause so much of them as may be neces-
sary to redeem the outstanding circulating notes
of such association to be sold at public auction
in the city of New York, after giving thirty days'
notice of such sale to such association.
Sec. 40. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
Comptroller of the Currency may, if he shall be
of opinion that the interests of the United States
will be best promoted thereby, sell at private sale
any of the bonds pledged by such association,
and receive therefor either money or the circu-
lating notesof such failingassociation: Provided,
That no such bonds shall be sold by private sale
for loss than par, nor less than the market value
thereof at the time of sale: And provided further,
That no sales of any such bonds, either public
or private, shall be complete until the transfer
thereof shall have been made with the formalities
prescribed in this act.
Sec. 50. Jlnd be it further enacted, That on
becoming satisfied, as specified 111 this act, that
any association has refused to pay its circulating
notes as therein mentioned, and is in default, the
Comptroller of the Currency may forthwith ap-
point a receiver, and require of him such bond
and security as he shall deem proper, who, un-
der the direction of the Comptroller, shall take
possession of the books, records, and assets of
every description of such association, collect all
debts, dues, and claims belonging to such asso-
ciation, and, upon the order of a court of record
of competent jurisdiction,may sell or compound
all bad or doubtful debts, and, on a like order,
sell all the real and personal property of such as-
sociation, on such terms as the court shall direct;
and may, if necessary to pay the debts of such
association, enforce the individual liability of the
stockholders provided for by the twelfth section
of this act; and such receiver shall pay over all
money so made to the Treasurer of the United
States, subject to the order of the Comptroller of
the Currency, and also make report to the Comp-
troller of the Currency of all his acts and pro-
ceedings. The Comptroller shall thereupon cause
notice to be given, by advertisement in such news-
papers as he may direct, for three consecutive
months, calling on all persons who may have
claims against such association to present the
same, and to make legal proof thereof. And
from time to time the Comptroller, after full pro-
vision shall have been first made for refunding
to the United States any such deficiency in re-
deeming the notes of such association as is men-
tioned in this act, shall make a ratable dividend of
the money so paid over to him by such receiver
on all such claims as may have been proved to
his satisfaction or adjudicated in a court of com-
petent jurisdiction; and from time to time, as the
proceeds of the assets of such association shall
be paid over to him, he shall make further divi-
dends, as aforesaid, on all claims previously
proved or adjudicated; and the remainder of such
proceeds, if any, shall be"paidovcr to the share-
holders of such association, or their legal repre-
sentatives, in proportion to the stock by them
respectively held: Provided, however, Thatif such
association against which proceedings have been
so instituted, on account of any alleged refusal
to redeem its circulating notes as aforesaid, shall
deny having failed to do so, such association
may, at any time within ten days after such as-
sociation shall have been notified of the appoint-
ment of an agent, as provided in this act, apply
to the nearest circuit, or district, or territorial
court of the United States, to enjoin further pro-
ceedings in the premises; and such couit, after
citing the Comptroller of the Currency to show
cause why further proceedings should not be en-
joined, and after the decision of the court or find-
ing of a jury that such association has not refused
to redeem its circulating notes, when legally pre-
sented, in the lawful money of the United States,
shall make an order enjoining the Comptroller,
and any receiver acting under his direction, from
all further proceedings on account of such alleged
refusal.
Sec. 51. And be it further enacted, That all fees
for protesting the notes issued by any such bank-
ing association shall be paid by the person pro-
curing the protest to be made, and such banking
association shall be liable therefor; but no part
of the bonds pledged by such banking associa-
tion, as aforesaid, shall be applied to thepayment
of such fees. And all expenses of any prelim-
inary or other examinations irvfco the condition of
any association shall be paid by such association;
and all expenses of any receivership shall be paicl
out of the assets of such association before distri-
bution of the proceeds thereof.
Sec. 52. And be it further enacted, That all
transfer of the notes, bonds, bills of exchange,
and other evidences of debt owing to any associ-
ation, or of deposits to its credit; all assignments
of mortgages, sureties on real estate, or of judg-
ments or decrees in its favor; all deposits of
money, bullion, or other valuable thing for its
use, or for the use of any of its shareholders or
creditors; and all payments of money to either,
made after the commission of an act of insolvency,
or in contemplation thereof, with tt view to pre-
vent the application of its assets in the manner
prescribed by this act, or with a view to the pref-
erence of one creditor to another, except in pay-
ment of its circulating notes, shall be utterly null
and void.
Sec. 53. And be it further enacted, That if the
directors of any association shall knowingly vio-
late, or knowingly permit any of the officers,
agents, or servants of the association to violate
any of the provisions of this act, all the rights,
privileges, and franchises of the association de-
rived from this act shall be thereby forfeited. Such
violation shall, however, be determined and ad-
judged by a proper circuit, district, or territorial
court of the United States, in a suit brought for
that purpose by the Comptroller of the Curiency,
in his own name, before the association shall be
declared dissolved. And in cases of such viola-
tion, every director who participated in or as-
sented to the same shall be held liable ill his per-
sonal and individual capacity for all damages
which the association, its shareholders, or any
other p. i">on, shall have sustained in consequence
of such violation.
Sec. 54. And be it farther enacted, That the
Comptroller of the Curiency, with the approbation
of the Secretary of the Treasury, as often as shall
be deemed necessary or pioper, shall appoint a
suitable person or persons to make an examina-
tion of the affairs of eve^y banking association,
which person shall not be a director or other offi-
cer in any association whose affairs he shall be
appointed to examine, and who shall have power
to make a thorough examination in to all the affairs
of the association, and, in doing so, to examine
any of the officers and agents thereof on oath;
and shall make a full and detailed report of the
condition of the association to the Comptroller.
And the association shall not bo subject to any
other visitorial poweis than such as are author-
ized by this act, except such as are vested in the
several courts of law and chancery. And every
person appointed to make such examination shall
receive for his services at the rate of five dollars
for each day by him employed in such examina-
tion, and two doilars for every twenty-five miles
he shall necessarily travel in the performance of
his duty, which shall be paid by the association
by him examined.
Sec. 55. And be it further enacted, That every
president, director, cashier, teller, clerk, or agent
of any association, who shall embezzle, abstract,
or willfully misapply any of the moneys, funds,
or credits of the association, or shall, without au-
thority from the directors, issue or put in circu-
lation any of the notesof the association, or shall,
without such authority, issue or put forth any
certificate of deposit, draw any order or bill of
exchange, make any acceptance, assign any note,
bond, draft, bill of exchange, mortgage, judg-
ment, or decree, or shall make any false entry in
