1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
any book,.report, or statementof the association,
with intent, in either case, to injure or defraud
the association or any other company, body pol-
itic or corporate, or any individual person, or to
deceive any officerof the association, oranyagrnt
appointed "to examine the affairs of any such as-
sociation, shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be pun-
ished by imprisonment not less than five normore
than ten years.
Sec. 56. Andbeit further enacted, Thatallsuits
and proceedings arising out of the provisions of
this act, in which the United States or its officers
or agents shall be parties, shall be conducted by
the district attorneys of the several districts, under
the direction and supervision of the Solicitor of
the Treasury.
Sec. 57. And be it further enacted, That suits,
actions, and proceedings, against any association
under this act, may be had in any circuit, district,
or territorial court of the United States held within
the district in which such association may bo es-
tablished; or in any State, county, or municipal
court in the county or city in which said associa-
tion is located, having jurisdiction in similar cases:
Provided, however, That all proceedings to enjoin
the Comptroller under this act shall be had in a
circuit, district, or territorial court of the United
States, held in the district in which the associa-
tion is located.
Sec. 58. And he it further enacted, That every
person who shall mutilate, cut, deface, disfigure,
or perforate with holes, or shall unite or cement
together, or do any other tiling to any bank bill,
draft, note, or other evidence of debt, issued by
any such association, or shall cause or procure
the same to be done, with intent to render such
bank bill, draft, note, or other evidence of debt
unfit to be reissued by said association, shall, upon
conviction, forfeit fitly dollars to the association
who shall be injured thereby, to be recovered by
action in any court having jurisdiction.
Sec. 59. .find lit it farther enacted, That if any
person shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or
cause oi procute to be made, forged, or counter-
feited, or willingly aid or assist in falsely rpaking,
forging, or counterfeiting, any note in imitation
of, or purporting to be in imitation of, the circu-
lating notes issued under the provisions of this act,
or shall pass, utter, or publish, or attempt to pass,
utter, or publish, any false, forged, or counter-
feited note, purporting to be issued byanyassoci-
ation doing a banking business under the provis-
ions of this act, knowing the same to be falsely
made, forged, or counteifeited, or shall falsely
alter, or cause or procure to be falsely altered, or
willingly aid or assist in falsely altering, any such
circulating notes, issued as aforesaid, or shall pass,
utter, or publish, or attempt to pass, utter, or pub-
lish, as true, any falsely altered or spurious cir-
culating note issued, or purporting to have been
issued, as aforesaid, knowing the same to bo false-
ly altered orspurious, every such person shall be
deemed and adjudged guilty of felony, and being
thereof convicted by due course of law shall be
sentenced to be impi isoned and kept at hard labor
for a period of not less than five years, nor more
than fifteen years, and fined in a sum not exceed-
ing one thousand dollars.
Sec. 60. And he it farther enacted, That if any
person shall make or engrave, or cause or procure
to be made or engraved, or shall have in his cus-
tody or possession any plate, die, or block after
the similitude of any plate, die, or block from
which any circulating notes issued as aforesaid
shall have been piepaied ur printed, with intent
to use such plate, die, or block, or cause or suffer
the same to be used, in forging or counterfeiting
any of the notes issued as aforesaid, or shall have
in his custody or possession any blank note or
notes engraved and printed after the similitude of
any notes issued as aforesaid, with intent to use
such blanks, or cause or suffer the same to be used,
in forging or counterfeiting any of the notes issued
as aforesaid, or shall have in his custody or pos-
session any paper adapted to the making of such
notes, and similar to the paper upon which any ^
such notes shall have been issued, with intent to j
use such paper, or cause or suffer the same to be ■
used, in forcing or counti rfriting any of the notes j
issued as afore said, every such person, being there- |
of convicted by due course of law, shall be sen- >
tenced to be imprisoned and kept to hard labor for
a term not less than five or more than fifteen years,
and fined in a sum not exceeding one thousand
dollars.
Sec. 61. Andbe it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Comptroller of the Currency to
report annually to Congress at the commencement
of its session—
First. A summary of the state and condition of
every association from whom reports have been
received the preceding year, at the several dates
to which such reports refer, with an abstract of
the whole amount of banking capital returned by
them, of the whole amountof their debts and lia-
bilities, the amount of circulating notes outstand-
ing, and the total amountof means and resources,
specifying the amount of lawful money held by
them atthe times of their several returns, and such
other information in relation to said associations
as, in his judgment, may be useful.
Second. A statement of the associations whose
business has been closed during the year, with
the amount of their circulation redeemed and the
amount outstanding.
Third. Any amendment to the laws relative to
banking by which the system may be improved,
and the security of the holders of its.notes and
other creditors may be increased.
Fourth. The names and compensation of the
clerks employed by him, and the whole amount
of the expenses of the banking departmentduring
the year. And such report shall be made by or
before the first day of December in each year, and
the usual number of copies for the use of the Sen-
ate and House, and one thousand copies for the
use of the Department, shallbe printed by the
IJub!ic Printer and in readiness for distribution at
the first meeting of Congress.
Sec. 62. Atid be it further enacted, That the act
entitled " An act to provide a national currency,
secured by a pledge of United States stocks, and
to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved February twenty-fifth, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three, is hereby repealed:
Provided, That such repeal shall not affect any ap-
pointments made, acts done, or proceedings had,
or the organization, acts, or proceedings of any
association organized or in the process of organ-
ization under the act aforesaid: jlnd provided also,
That all such associations so organized or in pro-
cess of organization shall enjoy all the rights and
privileges<granted, aiid be subject to all the duties,
liabilities, and restrictions imposed by this act,
and with the approval of the Comptroller of the
Currency, in lieu of the name specified in their
respective organization certificates, may take any
other name preferred by them and duly certified
to the Comptroller, without prejudice to any right
acquired under this act, or under the act hereby
repealed; but no such change shall be made after
six months from the passage of this act: Provided
also, That the circulation issued or to be issued
by such association shall be considered as a part
of the circulation provided for in this act.
Sf.c. 63. And be it further enacted, That persons
holding stock as executors,administrators, guard-
ians, and trustees, shall not be personally sub-
ject to any liabilities as stockholders; but the
estates and funds in their hands shall be liable in
like manner and to the sameextcntas the testator,
intestate, ward, or person interested in said trust-
funds would be if they were respectively living
and competent to act and hold the stock in their
own names.
Sec. 64. And be it further enacted, That Con-
gress may at anytime amend, alter, or repeal this
act.
Approved, June 3, 18G4.
Chap. CVII.—An Act to amend an Act relative
to the Public Printing.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That that part of the act entitled "An
act to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and for
other purposes," approved March fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, as provides
"that hereafter no printing or binding shall be
done or blank-books be procured for any of the
Executive Departments of the -Government with;
out a written requisition on the Superintendent of
Public Printing from the head of such Depart--
ment," be, and the same is hereby, amended by
inserting after the word " Department," where it
is last_above written, the following words, viz:
"or his assistant or assistants," so that it will
read—" the head of such Department or his as-
sistant or assistants."
Approved, June 3, 1864.
Chap. CVIII.—An Act to repeal the first sec-
tion of the Joint Resolution relative to the
Transfer of Persons in the Military Service to
the Naval Service, approved February twenty-
four, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the first section of the joint res-
olution entitled a " Joint resolution relative to the
transfer of persons in the military service to the
naval service," approved February twenty-four,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Approved, June 3, 1864.
Chap. CIX.—An Act to reestablish the princi-
pal Port of Entry for the Districtof Champlain
at Plattsburgh, and for other purposes;
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the third section of an actentitled
"An act to equalize and establish the compensa-
tion of the collectors of the customs on the north-
ern, northeastern, and northwestern frontiers, and
for other purposes," approved March third, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three, changing the port
of entry for the districtof Champlain from Platts-
burgh to Rouse's Point, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed, and that Plattsburgh be, and
the same is hereby, reestablished as the principal
port of entry for said district, at which the col-
lector of customs shall reside. And a deputy col-
lector shall reside at Rouse's Point, and be vested
with all the power and authority given to deputy
collectors by law.
Approved, June 3, 1864.
Chap. CX.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act malting a Grant of alternate sections
of [the] Public Lands to the State of Michigan
to aid ill the Construction of certain Railroads
in said State," and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the act entitled "An act making
a grant of alternate sections of [the] public lands
to the State of Michigan to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in said State, and for
other purposes," be, and the same is hereby,
amended as follows, namely: Substitute for the
words "and-from Grand Rapids to some point
on or near Traverse Bay," contained in the first
section of said act, these words: And from Fort
Wayne, in the State of Indiana, to a pointon the
southern boundary line of the State of Michigan,
in the townsjjip of Sturgis, thence, by way of
Grand Rapidsn, to somepointonor near Traverse
Bay. And the said act shall be, and is hereby,
so amended as to substitute for the first clause of
the first proviso in the first section thereof, so far
as the same shall be applicable to the grant of
lands made to aid in the construction of the rail-
road described by the foregoing amendment, these
words: Provided, That the lands so to be selected
shall in no case be further than twenty miles from
the line of said road: Provided further, That the
time specified in the 4th section of the act hereby
amended for the completion of said road shall not
be extended.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, Thatthe lands
granted by the act amended by this act, and also
by the provisions of this act, to aid in the con-
struction of the railroad described in the forego-
ing section, shall be disposed of only in the fol-
lowing manner, thatis to say, when the Governor
of the Stai^.of Michigan shall certify to the Sec-
retary of the Interior that ten consecutive miles
of said road have been completed in a good and
substantial manner as a first-class railroad, intli-
