1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2H3
M;, CONNESS. I really do not see any ob-
ject in that amendment, considering the land and
where it is located and situated. If it was valu-
able city land, or there was ever to be a city there,
or it had any considerable value that would in-
duce their leasing it, then it might be desirable in
the bill to confine the church to the right to dis-
pose of it alone, and not to lease or mortgage it;
but this land is probably not worth on*the average
thirty cents an acre. Itis composed, necessarily,
from the country in which it lies, of hills and
mountain ridges, having a greataltitude. There
are scarcely any valley lands in that locality. It
is near the coast range, where there are no run-
ning streams. There may be perhaps a creek
running through it having a very narrow bottom;
but it is land fit for sheep-ranges and pasturages
for cattle, and eminently fitted for the cultivation
and production of the grape. Those are about
the only purposes to which it is pertinent or use-
ful. I doubt very much the propriety of imposing
this restriction upon the bill. I am entirely sat-
isfied, from my knowledge of the country and of
this application, that the purpose is not to reserve
an estate in it, but to sell and dispose of whatever
they desire and have a customer for, and apply
the proceeds in their own way for the purposes of
education. It maybe answered to that, that if
their only purpose is to sell and dispose of the
land the amendment is altogether right; but it
is a restriction that we impose upon them that is
not imposed upon any other person in connection
with other lands.
Mr. HARLAN. I have but a word to say.
Itis manifest that they have not now the right
to mortgage, lease, or sell this land, or they would
not be here for the leave to be granted by Con-
gress. There is an objection in the minds of the
people of this country to immense estates pass-
ing into the hands of corporations which never
die. We discard in this country all ideas of pri-
mogeniture, on the ground that it is better for the
people of the country for the real estate to be dis-
posable and to change from hand to hand at the
death of the owner.
If this is an objectionable feature in other coun-
tries, and has resulted frequently in the nun of
the laboring people, we ought to guard against
the accumulation of immense estates in the hands
of corporations in this country. It is said that
the chicf cause of difficulty to a stable Govern-
ment in Mexico has been that the landed-prop-
erty of Mexico has been rapidly passing into the
hands of the leading church in that country, and
thus is hold from ownership on the part of those
that cultivate the soil. I do not know how valu-
able this estate may be. It is a very large estate,
and, judging from its appearance on the map, 1
infer it is a very valuable tract of country, se-
lected many years ago by a people who always
act very wisely in the selection of their locations.
If it should be a very valuable estate, I see no
objection to their selling it and permitting it to
pass into the hands of private holders; but if they
are permitted to lease or mortgage it, and thus
hold it from century to century, I think it is sub-
ject to the objection to which I have alluded.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes ten 
Mr. HARLAN". Ifl were sure that the atten-
tion of Senators had been directed to this subject
I would not ask for the yeas-tmd nays; but I fear
it has not been. I therefore ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas "and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Me-sr*. Anthony, Biown, Garble, Otaik, Davis,
Doohtti", Fo-seudeii, Foster, Gaines, HaUan, nanis,l>om-
froy, Ramsey. Sheiman, Spiairue, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
W.ulc, Wilkinson, VVilloy, and Wilson—'21.
ft\YS—M'-'f^rs. Conner, Henderson, Ilovvaid, John-
son, MeDougall, Ricliaidaon, SauUbury, and Van Winkle
 g,
ABSENT Messrs. Ruckiilow, Chandler, Collamer,
Cowan, Dixon, Foot, Hale, Ilaiding, Hendticks, Units,
How\ Lane of Indiana, La no of Kansas, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Nesmilh, Towel!, IUddte, Tiumbull, and Wnght—521).
Su the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to the
object of the bill. The only objection I have is
founded upon a doubt as to the authority ofCon-
gress to pass it. I do not know that I compre-
hend the exact nature of the estate with which the
bill deals. Itis an estate granted by Mexico. It
is held, therefore, a complete Mexican grant. Un-
der the act of 1851 all grants—differing m that re-
spect from the laws which were passed in carrying
out the treaties by which we obtained Florida and
Louisiana, which dealt only with inchoate titles—
all grants, whether consummated grants or incho-
ate grants, were to be brought before the board of
commissioners and confirmed by that board. If
they were not confirmed Congress undertook to
say they should revert to the United States. This
grant was brought before the court; it has been
confirmed, and the United States have issued a
patent as they do in all such cases. The title
having passed out of the United States, it seems
to me we have no more authority over it than we
should have had if consummate titles, that is to-
say, titles under a grant on the part of Mexico,
had not been provided for by the act of 1851, but
left to stand upon their own footing. Tins bill
undertakes, as I collect from the reading of it, to
discharge the grantees from trusts connected with
the oiigmal title. It seems to me that over those
trusts we have now no control. The matter is
one to be settled between the State of California,
or Us proper authorities, who may be invoked at
the instance of the grantee who holds the legal
title, or at the instance of the cestui qui trusts for
whom the title is held. That is the only diffi-
culty I have to the passage of this bill. If the
honorable nvnnbeis fi om California can satisfy me
that the object cannot be accomplished except by
this act of Congress, it would remove my objec-
Mr. CONNESS. My understanding of this
case is that the United States Government never
had a title to this land; that it is, as the Senator
has properly stated, a perfect Mexican grant.
We agreed by treaty with Mexico when Califor-
nia was ceded to us that we would inquire into
and ascertain what Mexican citizens had title to
pioperty within the limits of that State, and that
we would allow and confirm those titles as perfect
which we found to be correct. In process of time
this claim was presented under that treaty or the
laws made m pursuance thereof; and in the act
of confirmation the court of the United States in
adjudicating the matter, which court was cieated
by act of Congress, continued the restriction that
was originally imposed by Mexico on the church,
limiting the application of the proceeds of this es-
tate to the religious usrs and purposes exclusively
of the church. That condition first imposed by
Mexico in making the giant was continued by a
court of the United States organized under the
jurisdiction of Congress and by a congressional
act. To whatever extent we indorsed and af-
firmed and enacted that condition, the owners of
this estate come here and ask the competent con-
gressional authority to remit it.
1 am of the opinion that they have a full and
perfect right to sell this land and do with it as
they might without coming here. That is my
opinion about it; but they have chosen to come.
Why have they chosen to come? Because, the
world ovcr,peisons are very careful in regard to
the perfection of titles to estates; and to remove
any doubt or any cloud that might hang over the
transaction where parts of this estate were sold
and the proceeds of which might be used for an-
other purpose or other purposes than those con-
tained m the original giant and m the act of con-
firmation and the condition accompanying it, they
come here and ask us to modify, so fur as an act
of Congiess can, the condition that was imposed
upon them. I see no objection to its beingdone.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think the Senator from
Maryland is mistaken m regard to the facts. The
possessions acquited by the missions in Califor-
nia were acquired by the consent, or rather they
were permitted by the Government, not in the
forms of concessions or grants to the mission
churches, but a mission was established here and
there m different points in the country wheie
there was a laige Indian population with very
much the same purpose that presidios were es-
tablished at military posts in other parts of the
country for the purpose of acquiring a command
over the Indians. The mission acquired just as
much country as they should find available and
as they could populate with the Indian tribes that
were assigned to them as dependencies. They
never had a concession. They occupied with the
consent of the Government and as a part both of
the Spanish and Mexican policy. In 1824 they
passed a law for the secularization of the church
lands, and under that law all the church lands,
particularly in the northern part of California,
were secularized, with the exception of the church
buildings, orchards, and vineyards.
I think the report as read from the desk, from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, is a mis-
take, and that the factis properly stated in the letter
sent to the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands of the House of Representatives, which has
been read, that this property comprises the church
buildings, their out-buildings, their college build-
ings, their vineyards, and orchard. I called upon
the acting United States district attorney, who
has had charge ofthe mission grants in California,
and who is now in this city, and inquired of him
as to the amount of land embraced in this par-
ticular college grant, and he informed me it was
about half a league. In one of those letters it is
stated at thirty-eight thousand acres. That would
be an immense grant, such as was not reserved
to any single mission in California. Itis a mis-
take in the making out of the papers, or else itis
an aggregation of all the public lands that have
been conceded from some misapprehension of the
clerk.
When the lands were secularized, it was done
under a law that did not provide a concession
either to the local clergy or to the superior clergy,
but the law still permitted thum to occupy and
enjoy the church building, their out-buildings,
vineyards, and orchards, and the small quantity
of land to be assigned to them with a limitation
as to its extent; so that in point of fact^ previous
to the acquisition of California by the United
States, the clergy had no title by concession in
these lands.
But as a matter of equity, upon their applica-
tion to ourcourts,under the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, from the fact of their having been in pos-
session and having had the use of the lands, they
! were concedcd the title as a church, and accord-
j ing to the usage of ecclesiastical bodies, particu-
larly of the Roman Catholic, church, the head of
the ecclesiastical body took the title conceded on
the part of the United States in trust. I hold that
as the entire title came from the .United States
with limitations presciibed by the United States,
it is competent for the United States to withdraw
those limitations and make it a full and unquali-
fied conccssion. I do not see any objection to it.
It certainly can work no wrong, and they think
that it will work a great convenience to them.
Mr. JOHNSON. This bill seoks to accomplish
two things, if I apprehend it. It says that so far
as the United States are concerned, trusts, which
thoy have by their patents said are to be con-
nected with the title, may not be observed; but
theie is another thing in it. It authorizes the
grantee to dispose of the property, to sell it. Now,
lor the soul of mo I cannot imagine how any au-
thority of the United States to sell can give any
title to si'll, inasmuch as there is no estate m the
United States. The honoiable memherfrom Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Co>:>:f.ss] is right in saying that the
United States have now no interest in the prop-
erty. 1 think he is right about the whole extent
of that statement; but if the statement is wrong
in any particular it is m reference to the trusts.
The United States may perhaps be considered as
themselves the trustee or creating the trusts in
which the cestui que trust may be interested, and
they may, so far as they are concerned, say that
these trusts need not be executed; hut how they
can authorize the grantee to sell the estate puz-
zles me, inasmuch as the United States have no
estate in the lands which they can authorize to
sell. The whole title passed out of Mexico by
virtue ofthe original Mexican grant. The whole
title, if under the act of 1851 any title could have
inured to" the United States, passed out of the
United States when the Mexican title was affirmed
and the patent was issued. It seems to me they
have no more control over the land, no more au-
thority to authorize the land to be sold,than Mary-
land would have.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have the bill before me,
and it not only provides to discharge them from
any of the trusts which were imposed on the grant
on the part of the United States, but it goes fur-
ther and says:
And any conveyance or disposition made in pursuance
Thereof >ha!l operate to pass the estate or convey ed
or dttposodof Jieeaad discharged from all such trusts, con-
ditions, provisions, or covenants,
It is not only a discharge of the trust on the
