2780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
part of the United States, but the United States
are to undertake to guaranty it.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 will suggest an amendment
to the latter clause of the bill by striking out ail
after the word " pass" in the thirtieth line in the
following words:
The estate or interest conveyed or disposed or free and
discharged from ail such trusts, conditions, ptovisions, or
covenants,
And to insert these words:
All the right and interest of the United States in said
Itnd to the grantee.
So that it will read:
And any conveyance or disposition made In pursuance
thereof shall operate to pass all the right and interest of the
United Stales in said land to the grantee.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 would just as soon the
honorable Senator from Iowa would move to post-
pone this bill indefinitely as move that amend-
ment; and with that amendment, for one, I do not
ask the passage of the bill. When we state here
that which is the fact, namely, that the United
States have no interest in this land, never had any
interest in it, cannot acquire any interest in it,
why should we pass an act to cede the right, title,
and interest of the United States?
The honorable Senator trom Maryland, who
is very able and always extremely exact in his
presentation of legal questions, suggests that he
does notsee what right we have to pass this act,
because, as I understand him, there is no title in
the United States; the United States have parted
with their title. In other words, what right has
Congress to pass an act authorizing any disposi-
tion of lands where they have no titie? Do not
legislative bodies constantly authorize the dispo-
sition of lands and provide for the conveyance of
a legal and complete title in the cases uf heirs
without hesitation, where the United States have
no title and never had any title except the title
that might be derived from their ownership of the
public lands? J3o I understand the honoiable"
Senator from Maryland to say that the Congress
of the United States, the law-making powei, have
no right to pass any act aiuhouzing the disposi-
tion of real estate unless they, the United States,
have a title in the same? 1 apprehend that that
is not a sound proposition, although 1 concede
very freely that the honorable Senator is a great
lawyei, while J am very willing to affirm that I
am not a lawyer at all.
Mr, JOHNSON, if the member will permit
me 
Mr: CONNRSS. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. The difficulty is that over
the subject of this legislation the United States
have no control. If "i am right, it is a case in
winch the lands fire subject to the exclusive juris- :
diction of California, and if they are subject to the
exclusive junsdiction of California, what right
have Congress to legislate so as to authorize the
sale of those lands? Will the honorable member
for a moment admit that it is m the power of
Congress to legislate in relation to the real estate
of California ? i presume not. If, theiefore, thw
be a portion of the real estate within i he limits of
California, over which the jurisdiction of that
State exists, then he admits a ease m which the
United States have no power, because whore the
jui isdsction of the State exists upon a .subject of
this suit it is exclusive; it is outside of the juris-
diction ofCongiess.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator, in
place of reconciling his own proposition, has pur-
sued anothercourse. 1 nslced the ►Senator whether
he undertook to say that it was ineompetent ic r
the Congress of the United Staus to give authority
concerning the disposition of lands where they did
not have title. He does not answer that. Hut,
sir, I do not desire to pursue this discussion. I
wish to say, in conclusion, that the reason these
people a;dt for an act of Congress, 1 suppose, is
very palpable and plain, namely: that this land,
in the confirmation of its title, passed the couits
of tne untied States; that it is within the juris-
diction Oi t.ie United States, although withm the
police jurisdiction of the State of California; the
coui ts of tue Slate of California did not confirm
this I.ukI claim. and I think they have very prop-
crly come to the United Status to ask ;i modifiolx-
lion of ihe order that was made. I hope, and 1
ask, without any furthoi discussion, thatthe oues-
fi. i) he taken upon the amendment oifuiud by the
honorable Senator from Iowa.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this bill is going to take
up any more time 
Mr. CONFESS. I ask for a vote; and I do
not think we shall have any further discussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to take up and
pass to-day the joint resolution amendatory of
the joint resolution ttmpoianly increasing the
duties on imports; and I shall therefore move to
postpone this bill, if there is to be any further
discussion upon it. The joint resolution to which
I refer has been lying on our tables for some
time, and it is important that action should be
had upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. I can say to the Senator from
Ohio that I think a vote will be taken on this bill
in a minute or two.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to say four or five
words in relation to the point suggested by the
Senator from Maryland. We have passed simi-
lar bills to this repeatedly during every session
of Congress since I have been a member of this
body, and have at this session, where it was a
matter of great doubt whether the United States
had any title to the lands. The bills were passed,
however, for the purpose of removing a cloud
upon the title. We passed a bill through the
Senate a few days since in relation to a very val-
uable properly in California, in which it way
probable that the United States had no title what-
ever. It was maintained, however, by some that
they had; and for the purpose of clearing the
title, removing this cloud upon it, a bill was passed
relinquishing all the title, if any did in fact exist
in the United States, to the holder. This 1 sup-
pose is the only benefit that can grow out of the
passage of this bill, to pass from the United States
to the grantee, if the trustee should choose to sell
the land, whatever rights the United States may
have, if any do exist in the United States. If
there are none, then nothing passes. If there id
anything in the United Slates, it will enable them
to sell it.
Mi. DOOLfTTLE. I suggest to the Senator
from Iowa and the Senator from California that
pei haps an amendment in this form, instead of
the one moved by the Senate from Iowa, may do
what the Senator from California desires and at
the same time meet the point which the Senator
from Iowa desnes to meet; and that is that this
hill operate by way of quit-claim as against the
United Stales without affecting the rights of other
parties.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose that will be the
effect of the amendment I have ofleied.
Mr. DOQLITTLE. I will suggest an amend-
ment which 1 think would cover the case, if the
last clause of the bill was made to lead in this
way:
And any convcjance oi disposition m.uh' in puiMi.rnce
theieut shall, a^ auiim^t the United Sialic and all poisons
claiming uruiei tiietn, operate t<> p. <s the eM.ue or interest
eonvej ed or di-pi.M'd ot tiom and di^ehanred lioin all such
tuists, conditions, pun 1,10ns, or covenant*.
The fact as it stands here is this: the United
States hold this title; at all events it assumed to
patent this land to the Catholic bishop of Mon- ;
terey; and m Uie patent which it gave to the bishop
it put certain conditions and restiictions. The
eflect of the passage of the bill in this form would
be, in substance, to i,rive to him, so fai as the United
States is concerned,a clear quit-claim of the title, I
and he would have a right, as against the United j
States or any persons claiming under the United j
States, to dispose of it m fee absolutely discharged 1
from the trusts. |
Mr. CONNESS. 1 hope the question will be j
taken without fnither discussion on the amend- i
men! olfered by the Senator from Iowa. There i
is no difference between the amendmentsuggested 1
by the Senator fiom Wisconsin and that offered
by the Senator from Iowa. 1 say that the Uni-
ted States have no title and never had any title in
that land, and consequently we do not want this
bill amended so as to quit-claim anything nor to
cede the right of the United States to anything.
I hope we shall come to a vote and let this bill be
disposed of in some way. I am really tired of it.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yea?- and nays were ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Before this vote is taken
1 desire to say one word. I differ somewhat with
my colleague on '.his Subject. The title to this
laud did icst, as I understand it, m the United
States, by the acquisition of California, by the
treaty of Guadalupe-Hidalgo. It was the United
States that charged this land with these eleemos-
ynary trusts, different from any other trusts, and
governed by a somewhat different law. The
party granting an estate, and charging the persons
holding it for a. charity or a religious purpose, has
a right to affix terms, and that same person mak-
ing the gr&nt also has the right, according to the
rule of English law obtaining in our country,and
the law governing all charities, to relinquish those
trusts, for the very reason that he had made the
grant, and with the acquiescence of the person
who had made the grant. Upon the ancient maxim
that trusts cannot be divested, it might be granted
a hundred times, and yet it would stand charged
in whosesoever hand the estate came, they having
created the trust. The owners of the estate being
vested with tho charity, with the estate, they have
a certain right of direction. They have under
the English law, and the same rule has been rec-
ognized by our own courts with regard to elee-
mosynary grants, in various parts of the United
States, and particularly in New England, and it
has been the subject of one of the most learned
and labored discussions m the Supreme Court of
the United States. There is reason why the Uni-
ted States should cede to these pai ties the fall jus
emtiuli,so that the lands may be parted with with-
out being charged with the trust imposed upon
them by the grant under which they will have to
claim title. 1 trust the hill may he passed sub-
stantially as it was introduced.
Mr. CONNESS. Do I understand my col-
league to say that he is in favor of this amend-
ment ?
Mr. McDOUGALL.' No, sir; of course not.
Mr. DAViS. I will Say a single word on this
bill 
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky to yield to allow mo to move to take
up the joint resolution in relation to the duties on
imports, which ought to receive the consideration
of the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand the Senator
from Kentucky is willing to allow us to have a
vote without further debate. The yeas and nays
have been called.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in tho chair ) Does the Senator from Kentucky
yield the floor?
Mr. DAVIS. I will withdraw my application
to make any remarks; but I shall be forced to
vote against the amendment and the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no further dis-
cussion 1 will not press my motion.
Mr. CONNESS. There will be no further
discussion.
Mr. CARL1LE. I propose at least to test the
sense of the Senate on this bill without voting
upon amendments as they may be offeied. As
I undcistand it, the Congress of the United States
has no more right to pass such a law as this than
the legislative body of any other country. The
power to grant this sale and change this trust, if
it belongs anywhere, belongs to the Legislature
of the State of California wherein the land lies.
It is not pretended that the United States has any
claim to this land, that there is any cloud about
the title in consequence of any supposed claim of
the United States. I therefore move for the in-
definite postponement of the bill, and ask for the
yeas and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will undoubtedly lead
to debat£, and 1 therefore renew my motion to
postpone all prior orders with a view to take up
House joint resolution No. 81.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 hope the Senate will not
do that. We can come to a vote 111 a few min-
utes. This bill has been up twice. The Senator
from Ohio has no more right to the attention of
the Senate than we have for the consideration of
this bill. He may claim that he presents a pub-
lic measure. Hut, sir, 1 will not occupy time upon
it. The yeas and nays have been ordered upon
the amendment offered by the Senator from Iowa.
That will be a sufficient test vote, and 1 therefore
appeal to my friend from Virginia to withdraw
In? motion. { think the bill will only occupy
about live minutes longer.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifest that at this
period of the session all private hi lis, and all hills
of a minor character, must give way to public
