176
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Juno 11,
88th Cong.... 1st Ssss.
Laws of the United States.
eating definitely where said completed section
commences and where the same terminates, the
said Secretary shall cause patents to issue to said
State for so much of said lands as are located op-
posite to, and coterminous with, said completed
section of said road, and so from time to time for
each completed section of ten miles of said road
until the whole shall be completed.
Approved, June 7, 1864.
Chap. CXI.—An Act to provide for granting an
honorable Discharge to Coal-Heavers and Fire-
men in the Naval Service.
Be it enacted by the Senate anil House of Repre-
sentatives of the XJnited States of America in Congress
assembled, That honorable discharges may be
granted to. coal-heavers and firemen in the naval
service of the United States in the same manner
and subject to the same conditions as such dis-
charges are now granted to seamen, ordinary sea-
men, landsmen, and boys.
Approved, June 7, 1864.
Ciiap. CXIII.—An Act to create an additional
Supervising Inspector of Steamboats and two
Local Inspectors of Steamboats for the Collec-
tion District of Memphis, Tennessee, and two
Local inspectors for the Collection District of
Oregon, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentativesofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there shall be designated and ap-
pointed, in the mode prescribed bylaw, and who
shall be paid the same annual compensation a.sis
now paid, one additional supervising inspector of
s steamboats, and two local inspectors of steam-
boats, at Portland, in the collection district of
Oregon, and two for the collection district of
/ Memphis, Tennessee, at an annual compensation
^ of seven hundred dollars, to be paid as provided
"by law, as in case of other like inspectors; and
said inspectors shall perform the duties and be
subject to the provisions of the steamboat act of
August thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-two.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That so much
of said act as provides for the appointment of
two local inspectors of steamboats in the district
of Wheeling, on the Ohio river, and for their
compensation, is hereby repealed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That each
engineer and pilot, licensed according to the pro-
visions of said act, shall pay for every certificate
granted by any inspector or inspectors, the sum
of ten dollars, to be accounted for in the mode
provided by law.
Sec.4. Jlndbe it further enacted, Thattheforty-
eecond section of the-actof August thirty,eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-two, be so construed as to
require the inspection of the hull and boiler, in
the manner prescribed by that act, of every ves-
sel propelled in whole or in part by steam, and
engaged as a ferry-boat, tug or towing-boat, or
canal-boat, in all cases where, under the laws of
, the United States, such vessels may be engaged
in the commerce with foreign nations, or among
the several States.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all en-
gineers and pilots of ferry-boats, .Jug-boats, tow-
ing-boats,or canal-boats, subject to inspection by
this act, shall be classified and licensed m the
same manner as are pilots and engineers by said
act of August thirty, eighteen hundred and fifty-
two.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, in lieu
of the fees for inspection required by the thirty-
first section of the act of August thirty, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, the following shall be paid:
For each vessel of one hundred tons or under,
twenty-five dollars, and in addition thereto for
each one hundred tons, over the first one hundred
tons, five dollars.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That all parts
of the act aforesaid, which are suspended by or
are inconsistent with this act, are hereby repealed.
Approved, June 8, 1864.
Chap. OX["V. An Act to punish and prevent
the Counterfeiting of Coin of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the ■United States of America in Congress
assembled, That if any person or persons, except
as now authorized by law, shall hereafter make,
or cause to be made, or shall utter or pass, or at-
tempt to utter or pass, any coins of gold or silver,
or other metals or alloys of metals, intended for
the use and purpose of current money, whether
in the resemblance of coins of the United States
or of foreign, countries, or of original design,
every person so offending shall, on conviction
thereof, be punished by fine not exceeding three
thousand dollars, or by imprisonment for a term
not exceeding five years, or both, at the discre-
tion of the court, according to the aggravation of
the offense.
Appp-oved, June 8, 1864.
Chap. CXV.—An Act to provide for the Payment
of the second Regiment, third Brigade, Ohio
Volunteer Militia, during the Time they were
mustered into the Service of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That thesecond regiment, third brigade,
Ohio volunteer militia, mustered into the service
of the United States at Cincinnati, Ohio, on the
fourth day of September, eighteen hundred 'and
sixty-two, notwithstandingirregularity may have
occurred in the manner of their mustering into
the service of the United States, be paid for the
time the officers and men were in the service, re-
spectively, after being so mustered, not, however,
to exceed the period of thirty days.
Approved, June 8, 1864.
Chap. CXVI.—An Act to provide for the Exe-
cution of Treaties between the United States
and Foreign Nations respecting Consular Juris-
diction over the Crews of Vessels of such For-
eign Nations in the Waters and Ports of the
United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That, m all cases where it may have
been or shall hereafter be stipulated by treaty or
convention between the United States and any
foreign nation to the effect that the consul general,
consuls, vice consuls, or consular or commercial
agents of the two nations, respectively, shall have
exclusive jurisdiction of controversies, difficulties,
or disorders arising at sea or in the waters or
ports of the one nation, between the master or
other officer or officers and any of the crew, or
between any of these last themselves, of any ship
or vessel belonging to the other nation, such stip-
ulations shall be executed and enforced within
the jurisdiction of the United States as herein-
after declared: Provided, That before this act shall
take effect as to the ships and vessels of any par-
ticular nation having such treaty with the United
States, the President of the United States shall
have been satisfied that similar provisions have
been made for the execution of such treaty by the
other contracting party, and shall have issued his
proclamation to that effect, declaring this act to
be in force as to such nation.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in all
cases within the purview of this act the consul
general, consul, or other consular or commercial
authority of such foreign nation charged with the
appropriate duty in the particular case, may make
application to any court of record of the United
States, or any judge thereof, or to any commis-
sioner appointed under the laws of the United
States, to take bail or affidavits, or for other
judicial purposes whatsoever, setting forth that
such controversy, difficulty,ordisorder has arisen,
briefly stating the nature thereof, and when and
where the same occurred, and exhibiting a certi-
fied copy or extract of the shipping articles, roll,
or other proper paper of the ship or vessel, to the
effect that the person in question is of the crew or
ship's company of such ship or vessel; and fur-
ther stating and certifying that such person has
withdrawn himself, or is believed to be about to
withdraw himself, from the control and discipline
of the master and officers of the said ship or vessel,
or that he has refused, or is about to refuse, to
submit to and obey the lawful jurisdiction of such
consular or commercial authority in the prem-
ises; and further stating and certifying that, to
the best of the knowledge and belief of the offi-
cer certifying, such person is not a citizen of the
United States, and thereupon such judge, con- mis-
sioner, or other judicial officer, on inspectii n of
such application, the same being in writing and
duly authenticated by the consular or othei suf-
ficient official seal, shall issue his warrant for the
arrest of the person so complained of, directed to
the marshal of the United States for the appro-
priate district, or in his discretion to any person,
being a citizen of the United States, whom he
may specially depute for the purpose, requirir^
such person to be brought before him for exfim/ i-
ation at a certain time and place. Andif,or4sr ;h
examination, it shall be made to appear that <he
person so arrested is a citizen of the United Sf ites,
he shall be forthwith discharged from arre^:, and
shall be left to the ordinary course of law But
if this shall not be made to appear, a'd such
judge, commissioner, or other judicial authority
shall find, upon the papers hereinbefore referred
to, a sufficient prima facie case that the matter
concerns only the internal order and discipline
of such foreign ship or vessel, or, whether in its
nature civil or criminal, does not effect [affect]
directly the execution of the laws of the United
States, or the rights and duties of any citizen of
the United States, he shall forthwith, by his war-
rant, commit such person to prison, where pris-
oners under sentence of a court of the United
States may be lawfullycommitted, or to the mas-
ter or chief officer of such foreign ship or vessel,
in his discretion, to be subject to the lawful orders,
control, and discipline of the master or chiefoffi-
cer for the time being, of such ship, and to the
jurisdiction of the consuiarorcommercial author-
ity of the nation to which such ship or vessel
may belong, to the exclusion of any authority or
jurisdiction in the premises of the United States
or any State thereof: Provided, nevertheless, That
the expenses of the arrest and the detention of the
person so arrested shall be paid by the consul
general, consuls, or vice consuls: And provided
further, That no person shall be detained more
than two months after his arrest, but at the end
of that time shall be set ^liberty and shall not
again be arrested for the same cause.
Approved, June 11", 1864.
Chap. CXVII.—An Act to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to stipulate for the Release
from Attachment or other Process, of Properly
claimed by the United States, and for other pur-
poses.
Be il c,'.acted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sent*.!; les of the United States of jlmericain Congress
uibcmbled, That wheneverany property owned or
held by the United States, or in which the United
States have or claim an interest, shall in any ju-
dicial proceeding under the laws of any Slate,
District,or Territory, be seized, arrested, attached,
or held for the security or satisfaction of any
claim made against said property, it shall be lawful
for the Secretary of the Treasury, in his discretion,
to direct the Solicitor of the Treasury to cause a
stipulation to be entered into by the proper dis-
trict attorney for the discharge of such property
from such seizure, arrest, attachment, or proceed-
ing, to the effect that upon such discharge, the
person asserting the claim against such property
shall become entitled to all the benefits of this
act; and in all cases where such stipulation shall
be entered into, as aforesaid', and the property
shall, in consequence thereof, be discharged as
aforesaid, and final judgment shall be given in
the court of last resort to which the Secretary
of the Treasury may deem proper to cause such
proceedings to be carried, affirming the claim for
the security or satisfaction of which such pro-
ceedings shall have been instituted, and the right
of the person asserting the same to enforce it
against such property by means of such pro-
ceedings,'notwithstanding the claims of the Uni-
ted States thereto, such final-judgment shall bp
deemed, to all intents and purposes, a full and
final determination of the rights of such per,-on,
and shall entitle such person, as against the TTn,-
ted States, to such rights ashe would have had m
case possession of said property had not brtn
changed; and if such claim be for the p.iynieat
of money, and the same shall by such judgment
be found to bo due, the presentation 'of a duly
authenticated copy of the record of such jiidg-
