THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
era] McCook for relief. The general, in the pres-
ence of Hon. R. Mallory, stated that he ordered
the soldiers to take and use the boards, and, far-
ther, promised that the proper officer should ar-
range so that the petitioner shoyld be paid. After
repeated efforts the petitioner failed to obtain any-
thing butpromises. Immediately after the army
removed from the encampment all the boards left
were promptly and carefully gathered up by an
agent employed by the petitioner, when it ap-
peared that one hundred and fifteen thousand feet
were burned, carried away, or otherwise de-
stroyed , and the balance, so gathered, were greatly
injured by being muddy and exposed to the
weather, split by handling and use, and sawed,
cut, and nailed, for which the petitioner claims
compensation in the sum of $2,500.
There was no objection, and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation tlmt it do pass.
MILO SUTLOT, ETC.
A bill (H. It. No. 43) for the relief of Milo
Sutliff and Levi H. Case.
The bill provides that there be paid to Milo
Sutliffand Levi H. Case, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
$9,938, iii full of their claim for wool seized, con-
demned, and sold by the collector of Buffalo in
1849.
It appears from the report that Sutliff & Case,
in January, 1849, contracted with William A.
Clark, of Toronto, Canada West, to deliver to
them in Buffalo, free of all charges, fifteen thou-
sand pounds of wool, at twenty-two cents per
pound, upon which they paid $2,938. It also
appears that, subsequent to the contract, in con-
sequence of the embarrassed circumstances of
Clark, the wool was delivered to Sutliff & Case
at dueenstowu, in Canada; Ctaik, however,
agreeing to ship the wool to Buffalo and pay all
expenses, according to the original contract. In-
stead of shipping the wool to Sutliff & Case di-
rect, it was sent by Clark, or his agent, John A.
Gamble, with other wool belonging to him, to
Messrs. Cou& Farriham, commission merchants
of Buffalo, and invoiced the same at ten cents per
pound. The collector at Buffalo, believing the
wool to be fraudulently invoiced below its real
value, (o avoid the duty, caused it to be seized,
and it was afterwards condemned and sold, and
the proceeds, after paying costs and expenses,
amounting to $3,986 67, were duly paid into the
Treasury of the United States. The evidence
establishes, to the entire satisfaction of the com-
mittee, that Sutliff <& Case had no knowledge of
the fraudulent entry, had no interest whatever In
the payment of the duties, and were free from all
blame in the matter. The consequence, if the
forfeiture is not released by tile Government,
therefore, will be that innocent parties, charge-
able with no crime or neglcct, either by them-
selves or those over whose conduct they had any
control, and for whose acts tliey are in nowise
responsible, will be made to suffer.
A penalty for a violation of the revenue laws,
or any other, ought to be visited upon the guilty
parties, including, of course, all who in any way
aid or connive in the violation. But there it
should terminate; to carry it further so as to
punish, with this extreme severity, those who are
wholly innocent of any fault or neglect by them-
selves or their agents, would be an act of injus-
tice and oppression. It also appears that it'has
been usual for the Government, in similar cases,
to remit the penalty.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
WILLIAM C. WALKER AND OTIIHKS.
A hill (H. II. No. 47) for the relief of William
C. Walker and others.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out ot any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of $664 90 to the
following persons, and in the sums following
namely.-to William C. Walker $83 25; to John S.
Emne $70; to A. G. Crane $97 50; to George W.
Pilbean $21 50; to E. Goodrich $87 75; to Jacob
Cox $11 25; to Thomas Lamkin $92 25; to Porter
Durell $90; to Matthew Randall $96 75; to David
Lynn $5 50; to Andrew Lisk $4; to William
Burkes $3; to William Depuy $2 25; for labor
done arid performed by the above named persons
respectively on the bridge across the Ohio river
and floating battery at Paducah, under the di-
rection of General John C. Fremont, while com-
manding the army of the West,
It appears from the report that William C.
Walker and the other persons mentioned in the
bill, who are citizens of Indiana, were employed
in September, 1861, under the authority of Major
General John C. Fremont, to aid in the building
of a bridge of boats across the Ohio river, and a
floating battery at or near Paducah, Kentucky.
Certificates were given to the persons employed by
Captain Roderick, who superintended the works,
specifying the amount of labor performed by each,
at what wages employed per day, and the amount
due. These certificates were sent to St. Louis
while the commission of which Hon. Joseph Holt
was a member was in session, but, from some mis-
understanding growing out of a statement made at
the assistant quartermaster's department of that
city, they were not filed before that commission,
and have never been paid. In consequence of the
irregular mariner in which military operations
were carried on in the West during the year 1861,
it would appear that these certificates are not m
proper form for adjustment by the quartermaster's
department; but inasmuch as these claimants per-
formed the labor for the Government, and have
not been paid, the committee are of the opinion
that the necessary appropriation should be made
to pay the sum due, amounting, in the aggregate
to $664 90.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
JOSIAH O. ARMES.
A bill (H. R. No. 161) for the relief of Josiah
O. Armes.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Josiah 0. Armes, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of $9,500 in full for damages sustained by
him in consequence of the burning of his build-
ings and the destruction of his property at Anan-
dale, Fail fax county, Virginia, by the United
States troops.
It appears from the report that the property
of the petitioner, situated at Anandale, Fairfax
county, Virginia, consisting of a large stone house,
together with sundry other buildings on his farm,
was destroyed by fire by troops of the United
States,also his shrubbery, fruit trees, and fences,
during the months of December, 1861, and Jan-
uary, 1862. The evidence submitted establishes
the fact that the buildings belonging to the peti-
tioner described in his petition weie burned dur-
ing the period mentioned by troops in the service
of the United States, and apparently by order of
the officer in command, for military reasons, the
buildings affording shelter for the enemy 'spickets.
The evidence submitted fixed the value of the
buildings destroyed at $11,415, independent of
fruit trees, shrubbery, picket fences, and other
property, which the committee do not deem legit-
imate claims against the Government. But the
committee, in view of the ex yaite character of the
testimony necessarily icceived on the question of
the value of the property destroyed, have fixed
the value of the buildings destroyed at $9,500.
The loyalty of the petitioner is established be-
yond a question. The committee have not deemed
it necessary to consider the question whether
property belonging to loyal citizens destroyed by
the troops of our Government for military pur-
poses during the present war should be paid for.
But, following the policy heretofore adopted by
the Government in all former wais within the
national limits, the committee recommend the
passage of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That bill
involves important questions, and 1 do not object
if it be agreed that the bill shall be thoroughly
considered in the House.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
NATHANIEL M'LEAN AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 162) for the relief of Na-
thaniel McLean,Richard G.Murphy,and Charles
E. Fiandreau.
Ihe bill provides that there be paid,outof any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to Nathaniel McLean, $916 50; to Richard
G. Murphy, $1,700 32; and to Charles E. Fian-
dreau, $189 32, for additional pay for their ser-
vices as agents forthe Sioux of Minnesota during
the respective periods when each served in that
capacity after the treaty of July 23, 1851, with
said Indians, until March 3, 1857, at which last
date the pay of that agency was raised by law to
$1,500 per annum.
It appears from the report that Nathaniel Mc-
Lean was appointed Indian agent of the Sioux,
in Minnesota, on the 3d of December, 1849, and
continued to hold the office until the 22d of May,
1853, when he was succeeded by Richard G. Mur-
phy, who officiated until the 16th of October,
1856, when he was succeeded by Charles E. Fian-
dreau, who continued to hold the office until the
3d of March, 1857. The compensation was then
but $1,0C0 per annum, although it was understood
by all that the salary should be increased to $1,500
per annum, being the same as agents of the other
tribes received. This was recommended by Luke
Lea, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in a letter
sent to Governor Ramsey, who was also acting as
superintendent of Indian affairs of Minnesota at
that time. Governor Ramsey also recommended
the same. George W. Manypenny, Commission-
er of Indian Affairs in 1853, and Willis A. Gor-
man, Governor of Minnesota and ex officio super-
intendent of Indian affairs, also recommended the
same. More lately, A. B. Greenwood, the recent
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, recommended
an increase to the sum which other agents re-
ceived. William J. Cullen,ex-superintendentot
Indian affairs, also urged upon the Government
the justice of such allowance. Ail of these give
as their reasons for an extra compensation that
the duties of the agent were much more arduous
than a large majority of the other agencies; that
the disbursements were much greater, and that
the receipts exceeded nearly all others; the re-
moval of the Sioux was attended with much
trouble, and that the duties in other respects war-
ranted the salary to be equal to the sum paid the
other agents. Subsequently, after the retiring of
the last-mentioned memorialist, the salary was
increased to the sum of $1,500.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
MARGARET L. STEVENS.
A bill (H. R. No. 395) for the relief of Margaret
L. Stevens, widow of General Isaac 1. Stevens.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must ob-
ject to that bill, because it raises the salary of a
man after the services have been performed and
he is dead.
CHARLES ANDERSON.
A bill (H. R No. 163) for the relief of Charles
Anderson, assignee of John James, of Texas.
The bill, which was read, authoiizes and directs
the Secretary of War to pay to Charles Anderson,
assignee of John James, of Texas, the sum of
$1,041 66, being the amount certified by the Quar-
termaster General to be due to John James for
back rent of camp Hudson, in Texas, prior to the
1st of July, 1859, the same having been regularly
assigned to the said Charles Anderson.
The report, which was read, shows that John
James, of Texas, had a claim against the United
Slates for the rent of camp Hudson, in Texas,
prior to the 1st of July, 1859, which was allowed
by the Quartermaster General, who asked for its
payment in a special estimate made to the Secre-
tary of War on March 9, 1860. The item was
also inserted in the Army appropriation bill in the
House of Representatives in 1862, but it was
struck out in the Senate because of the action of
the State of Texas toward disunion. It was also
embraced in the estimate of appropriations for the
year ending June 30, 1862. Charles Anderson,
m September, 1860,was a loyal citizen of the Uni-
ted States, residing in Texas, which State he was
compelled to leave by the "alien enemy net" ot
the confederate States; and in doing so he ex-
changed his property, which he could not take
away with him, with John James for the latter's
claim alluded to above, which is regularly assigned
to the said Anderson.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House with a recommend-
ation that it pass.
JAGOB S. LOWERY.
A bill (H. R. No. 171) for the relief of Jacob
S. Louery and George S. Gray.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
