1804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
rushed to the soldiers. They draw for the sup-
port of themselves and their families any other
provisions or supplies that are purchased, hy the
Government for the Army at about the rate that
we purchase them for in gross; so that when you
come to add together the pay proper and all the
emolum^pts and privileges that result from hold-
ing a commission in the Army to an officer sta-
tioned at Washington, you approach I think for
a major nearer $4,000 than you do §3,000.
Is there any necessity for this? i think not.
Certainly, if we are going to creatc this bureau,
aod are going to authorize the creation of new
officers, we ought not to give them higher pay
and emoluments than those of a major.
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. "The question
is on the adoption of the amendment to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; there being, on a division—ayes three,
noes not counted.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Now let us take a
vote on fixing the compensation of these officers
at $3,000, instead ofgivingthem the pay and emol-
uments ofa major. I submit that amendment to
the amendment.
The amendmen t to the amend merit wasagreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
returns on the amendment of the committee as
amended.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to make the pay
of the Judge Advocate General $4,000, to make it
consistent with the amendment just now adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the chairman of the
Military Committee tell me what the Provost
Marshal General gets now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that that amendment is not pertinent to
the amendment now before the Senate. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the committee
as amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have it
read as it stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment as amended will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out in hne four the words " have the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a major of cavalry,"and
to insert ''receive $3,000 per annum;" so that the
clause will read:
Two Assistant Jud^e Advocates General, who shall re-
ceive #3.001) per annum.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only suggestion that
I desii e to make is that I think they had better be
allowed to claim the rank of colonel; they cer-
tainly ought to have military rank, but limiting
their pay to $3,000. Thete is no reason why
they should h.ive the pay of a colonel of cavalry.
I suggest, theiofore, to leave in the bill a provision
that they shall have the rank of a colonel of in-
fantry.
Mr. GRIMES. It ought to read "with the
rank of major, but their compensation shall not
exceed $3,000 per annum."
Mr. SHERMAN. I think they should have
the iank of a colonel, with a compensation not to
exceed $3,000. I am willing to give them the
rank of colonel.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the Senator from
Ohio to make that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will move to amend the
amendment by providing that they shall have the
rank of colonel of cavalry, if gentlemen choose,
with the n;\y of §3,000,and no allowances beyond
that. The Secretary can put it \n form much
better than I can.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit there will be an
incongruity in giving them the rank without the
pay. Why give them the rank without the pay?
Mi'. SHERMAN. I will state 'the reason. A
colonel of cavalry must have horses, even if he is
herein Washington; and there is no reason in
the woild, that I am aware of, why these As-
sistant Judge Advocates General should have
horses when they arc here performing the duties
of a bureau.
The Secretary r^ad the amendment, which was
in line four of section two, to strike out the woids
li pay and emoluments, "and aftei the word " cav-
alry" to insert the words " shall leeeive a com-
pensation of $3,000 per annum without any other
pay or emoluments;" so that it will read:
Two Assistant Judge Advocates General, who shall each
have the rank of a colonel of cavalry, and shall receive a
compensation of $3,(J00 per annum, without any other pay
or emoluments.
Mr. GRIMES. The word " rations" ought
to be inserted, so as to make it read, "without
any other pay, rations, or emoluments."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
modified. The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio to the amendment of the
committee.
The amendment to theamendment was agreed to.
Theamendment of the committee, as amended,
was adopted.
Mr. BUCKALEW. "if it is now in order I re-
new my amendment to make the pay of the Judge
Advocate General $4,000, allowing him to retain
the rank of a brigadier general.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
in section one, line fifteen, to strikeout the words
"pay and emoluments," and after the word
" have" in the same line to insert " a compensa-
tion of $4,000 per annum, without any other pay,
rations, or emoluments;" so that the clause will
read:
A Judge Advocate General, who shall have the rank of a
brigadier geneial, arid s>hall have a compensation of $4,000
pel annum, without any *her pay, ration?, or emoluments.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise for the purpose of
inqunmg of the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee what is the pay of the Judge Advocate
General now. Is it the pay of a brigadier gen-
eral ?
Mr. WILSON. He receives the pay of a col-
onel of cavalry at present. We propose by this
bill to give him the rank and pay of a brigadier
general.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the amendment pro-
posed by the member from Pennsylvania will re-
duce the pay.
Mr. WILSON. It will reduce his pay about
four hundied dollars. 1 think we ought not to
reduce it. The committee propose to increase it.
He has now the pay of a colonel of cavalry, which
cannot be $4,000. It is $211 a month, and thocom-
mutation of fuel and quarters in this city, which is
about one thousand dollars a year. Wepropose
to give him the rank and pay of a brigadier gen-
eral, which would be a pay of $299 a month—
say §300—which would be $3,600 a year, and the
commutation for fuel and quarters m this city,
Mr. JOHNSON. Equal to how much?
Mr. WILSON. I would beattho late of about
one thousand dollars in winter,and eighthundred
dollars in summer.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think we had better fix it
at $4,0(10.
Mr. WILSON. Itisaboutforty-fourhundred
or forty-five hundred dollars; and for the services
he renders to the country J think he ought to
have it.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us change it to$4,500, so
as to have a fixed sum.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania by insert-
nig $4,500," instead of (t$i4,000." That, ac-
cording to my calculation, will be about a mean
between the amount he is now getting and the
amount he would get under the bill as reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The amend ment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire a separate vote
on concurring in the last amendment, fixing the
compensation of the Judge Advocate General at
g4,50l). 1 wish to test the sense uf the Senate on
a proposition to make it $4,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved for a separate vote. The
question is on concurring in the other amend-
ment, made in the Committee of the Whole, to
amend the second section of the bill by giving
the Assistant Judge Advocates General the rank
] of a colonel of cavalry, with a compensation of
! $3,000 per annum.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment in
section one, line fifteen, to strike out the words
"pay and emoluments," and m the same line,
after the word <£ have," to insert "a compensa-
tion of $4,500, without any other pay, rations, or
emoluments."
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "§4,500" and inserting
" $4,000," according to my original proposition.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays w«re ordered.
Mr. WILSON. We all know that General
Holt is a man of unquestioned character and abil-
ity." The office he fills is one imposing upon him
immense burdens and great labor. The first
three months of this year there came from the
armies of the United States to that ofiice eight
thousand cases to be examined, and that is about
the ratio through the year. The labor imposed
upon him is immense, and requires his days and
his nights. I think if there is any man to-day
toiling for the Government of the United States
that ought to have the rank and pay of a briga-
dier general it is General Holt. I think, there-
fore, we ought to stand on the salary of $4,500.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Hwikalow, Carlilc, CoIIamcr, Davis,
Fe&senden, Foster, Hale, Harding, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howe, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Pomeioy,
Powell, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Van Winkle, Wil-
kinson, and Willoy—02.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Conness,
Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Grimes, Howard, Lane of
fndinna, Morgan, Morrill, Nesimth, Ram&ey, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, and Wilson—19.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment as amended was concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and pass&d.
TERRITORY OF MONTANA.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The morning hour haa
so nearly expired that I will only ask the Senate
to take up the bill (H.R. No. 15) to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of Mon-
tana, for the purpose of fixing it for half past
twelve o'clock to-morrow, when I desire toad-
drees the Senate upon it.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I will remind the Senator that
perhaps it would be betterfor him to go on to-day.
The Senate may adjourn over to-moirow. Why
not go on wit!) it now?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will answer the honor-
able Senator. 1 have no purpose to stand for one
moment in the way of any bill that comes from
the Committee on Finance or the Committee on
Military Affairs having reference to the prosecu-
tion of this war.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator will excuse me.
I did not think of that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I prefer, therefore, to fix
it for some time that will not interfere with the
business of those committees.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ^ The question
is on the motion to assign this subjectas a special
order for to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, the unfinished business of yes-
terday is now before the Senate, being the army
appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.No.
198) making appiopii:\tions for the support of
the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
J.8G5, which had been reported from the Commit-
tee on Finance with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was in
line thirteen after the word " department" to in-
sert the words, <{ at the headquarters of the sev-
eral military departments," so that the clause
will read:
For contingent expenses of the Adjutant General's de-
paitment at the headquailers of the several military de-
partments., $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line thirty-nine after the word " volrnteers" to
insert the words, M including the bounties au-
thoiized hy law," so that the clause will read:
For p<\v r.fvoiuntoers, including the bountJ s authorized
by law, §177,4^,708 25.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand how
these bills are made out. I notice that every ap-
propriation is of so many dollars and so many
