1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
WILLIAM G. BROWN.
A bill (H. R. C. C. No. 116) for the relief of
William G. Brown.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to William G. Brown the
sum of ninety-nine dollars, in full for stone or
other materials used by order of the agents of the
Governmentin the construction of a pier in Little
Sodus bay, on Lake Ontario, in 1853.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
F. A, IIOLDEN ET AL.
A bill (H. R. No. 226) for the relief of F. A.
Holden, Eli Thayer, Hannah Bcxton, D. W.
Frisby, and Hiram Bloss.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
DARIUS S. COLE.
A bill (H. R. C. C. No. 115) for the relief of
Darius S. Cole.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to Darius S. Cole the sum
of $2,224, ju full for materials furnished to the
United States for the construction of the pier in
Little Sodus bay, Lake Ontario.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
DANIEL WOKMER.
A bill (H. R. C. C. No. 114) for the relief of
Daniel wormer.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury,
out of any money in theTieasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to Daniel Wormer the sum of
$1,778 36, in full forall percentage retained by the
Government on pay ments heretofore made to him,
and for all timber or other materials furnished by
him in the construction of the pier at Little Sodus
bay, on Lake Ontario.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
HARRIET MORRIS ET AL.
A bill (H. R. No. 231) for the relief of Harriet
and Emily W. Monis, unmarried sisters of the
late Commodore H. W. Morris.
The bin and report were read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It seems to
me that this bill introduces an entirely new prin-
ciple in our pension laws. It proposes to give
two pensions for one death, and I must object.
CHIPPEWA INDIANS, ETC.
Joint resolution directing the Secretary of the
Interior to pay to the Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pot-
tawatomie Indians residing in the State of Mich-
igan §190,850.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quire if that bill and the accompanying report
have been printed ?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill was reported
this morning, and has not been printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think, then,
we had better stop where we are, and therefore 1
move that the committee rise and report the bills
to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Holman reported that the
Committee of the Whole had had under considera-
tion thePnvate Calendar,and had directed him to
report to the House sundry bills with a recom-
mendation that they do pass.
The SPEAKER. The bills reported from the
Committee of the Whole will be read, and if any
gentleman desires a separate vote upon any one
of them, they will indicate their desire.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was un-
derstood that the bill (H. R. No. 161) for the relief
of Josiah O. Armes should be postponed for con-
sideration.
The SPEAKER. To what time?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
its consideration be postponed until one week
from to-day after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. King] wishes
to offer an amendment, that it may be printed and
come up when the bill comes up for considera-
tion.
Mr. KING. The amendment I desire to offer
is a bill already printed, and X propose to ofFerit
now as a substitute.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of, order.
It is that the proposed amendmentis substantially
the substitution of a general bill for one of a pri-
vate nature.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
that cannot be done except by unanimous con-
sent. The Chair, however, is not aware of the
nature of the amendment proposed.
Mr, KING. I admit it is the substitution of a
general bill in reference to the subject to which
the private bill relates.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair must rule it
out.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call the-previous question
upon all the bills which have been reported from
the Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar. I think it better, however, that a
separate vote be taken on each bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
several bills reported will be considered as or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time; and
the vote will be taken separately on their passage.
There was no objection.
The following bills were then passed:
A bill (H. R. No. 160) for the relief of Chapin
Hall.
A bill (H. R. No. 43) for the relief of Milo
Sutliff and Levi H. Case.
A bill (H. R. No. 47) for the relief of William
C. Walker and others.
A bill (H. R. No. 162) for the relief of Na-
thaniel McLean, Richard Gr. Murphy,and Charles
E. Flandreau.
A bill (H. R. No. 163) for the relief of Charles
Anderson, assignee of John James, of Texas.
A bill (H. R. C. C. No. 116) for the relief of
William G. Brown.
A bill (H. R. C. C. No. 115) for the relief of
Darius S. Cole.
A bill (H. R. C. C. No. 114) for the relief of
Daniel Wormer.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the several bills were passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ELIOT* I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that two
of the standing committees of the House were or-
dered to report to-day—the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Committee of Ways and Means.
TRANSFERS FROM ARMY TO NAVY.
Mr. DEMING, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back joint resolution (S. No.
28) relating to the transfer of persons from the
military service to the naval service, with a rec-
ommendation that the same do pass.
The joint resolution was read. .
Mr. DEMING. I will state that the first sec-
tion of the joint resolution authorizes the provost
marshals to enlist seamen. The second section
authorizes the President of the United States to
transfer seamen into the naval service of theUni-
ted States fiom the regiments of the Army.
The necessity for immediate action on the bill
grows out of the fact that there is already a ves-
sel at Fortress Monroe which the Department
wish to send to San Francisco, and it is impos-
sible to obtain seamen in any other way. There
are also several other vessels which the Depart-
ment wish to dispatch to the same port. There
is a great dearth of seamen at present. I move
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to refer
the joint resolution to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
pending the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed .
Mr. DEMING moved to reconsider the vole by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OP M'CLELLAN'S REPORT.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported back the following resolution*
with the recommendation that it be laid on the
table:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the mem-
bers of this House fifty thousand additional copies of Gen-
eral McClellan's report.
Mr. COX. 1 move to amend the resolution
by reducing the number to ten thousand.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
pending the motion to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
the motion to enable me to submit the amendment.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. 1 will withdraw for that
purpose.
Mr. COX. I then submit the amendment; and
I wish to call the attention of the House to the
fact that we have already ordered ten thousand
copies of this report without the documents. We
have received but about nine thousand. There
should have been aboutfifty to each member; but
we have only got forty-five. I do not know
whether we ought to have a committee of invest-
igation on this subject or not. The numbers we
have ordered have not been furnished, either by
fault of the printer or of the folding-room. I am
under the impression that members upon that side
of the House, as well as on this side, will not
object to ten thousand additional. It will not more
than supply the reasonable demands of our con-
stituents for this document.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I now move to lay the
resolution and amendment on the table.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, called for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 67, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, John D. Bald-
win, Jteaman, Blow, BoutweH, Brandfgee, Broomali,Am-
biose W. Clark, Oobb,Col«, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes,
Dixon, Donnelly, Drigas, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot, Farns-
worih, Fenton, Frank, Gooch, GrinnelI,"Higby, Hooper,
A>aheJ W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hnlburd, Julian,
Katsson, Kclley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,
Loan, Longvear. Marvin, MoBnde, McClurg, Samuel F.
Miller, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard My< rs, Nor-
ton, Ch.u ies O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Price,
John H.Rice,Edward H.Rollins,Schenck,Scofield, Shan-
non; Smithers, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Upson, Elihu B.
Washbume, William B. Washburn, Williams, Wilder, Wil-
son. and Windom—67.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Daily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Francis P. Blair, iacob
ft. Blair, Btooks, William G. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Cof-
froth, Cox, Cravens, Thomas T. Davis, Dawson, Eden,
Edgerton, English, Finck,G:\nson,Grider,Griswold, Hale,
Hall, Harding, Benjamin G. Hums, Hcrnck, Holman,
Hutchins, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Ktiman, King,
Law,Lazear, Le Blond. Long, Mallory, Marcy, McDowell,
Mclndot', MeKimu'y,Mi(Ulleton. Moo'i head, Jam<js R.Mor-
ris, Morrison, Nel&on, Noble, Odelt John O'Neill, Pendle-
ton, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H.
Rice, James* S. Rollins, Ross, Scott, Stebbins, John ft.
Steele, Wilfiarn G. Steele, Stiles, Sweat, Thomas, Van
Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Wndsworth, Ward, Webster,
Whaley, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, and Fer-
nando Wood—74.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BAXTER, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. STEWART stated ihathe had paired with
Mr. Thayer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is the reso-
lution now open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move then
to amend it by adding, "and ten thousand ad-
ditional copies of the report of Major General
Grant.'*
Mr. COX. I raise the point of order that that
has not been submitted to the Committee on Print*
ing, and cannot come in in that shape.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. COX. I move the previous questiou on
the resolution and the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope tha
gentleman from Ohio will allow the resolution,
together with the amendment I suggested, to be
recommitted to the Committee on Printing-.
Mr. COX. I will withdraw my objection to
the gentleman's amendment.
