178
appendix to the congressional globe.
Mnne 1o,
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Lmvs of the United Stales
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Array for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five:
For expenses of recruiting, transportation of
recruits, and compensation to citizen surgeons for
medical attendance, three hundred thousand dol-
lars. . .
For purchase of books of tactics and instruc-
tions for volunteers, fifty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the adjutant gen-
eral's department at the headquarters of the sev-
eral military departments, five thousand dollars.
For copying official reports of the armies of the
United States, for publication, five thousand dol-
lars. .
For bounties and premiums for the enticement
[enlistment] of recruits for the regular Army,
three hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For the pay of advance bounties to volunteers
and drafted men, five million dollars.
For pay of premiums, rent of buildings and
grounds, transportation, subsistence, lodging,
commutation of fuel and quarters, straw, postage,
stationery, advertising, medicines, and medical
attendance, and all other necessary expenses inci-
dental to the collecting, drilling, and organizing
volunteers, and for the necessary expenses under
the enrollment act, five million dollars.
For pay of the Army, nine million nine hun-
dred and seventy-one thousand two hundred and
forty-three dollars and sixty cents.
For commutation of officers'subsistence, one
million seven hundred and twenty-three thousand
six hundred and twenty nine dollars and fifty
cents.
For commutation of forage for officers' horses,
one hundred and four thousand six hundred dol-
lars.
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers'
servants, eighty-two thousand eight hundred and
twenty dollars.
For payments to discharged soldiers for cloth-
ing not drawn, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For pay of volunteers, including the bounties
authorized by law, one hundred and seventy-
seven million four hundred and sixty two thou-
sand seven hundred and twenty-eight dollars and
twenty-five cents: Provided, That if any officer in
the regular cr volunteer forces shall employ a
soldier as a servant, such officer shall not be en-
titled to any pay or allowances for a servant or
servants, but shall be subject to the deduction
from his pay required by tile third section of the
actentitled "An act to define the pay and emolu-
ments of certain officers of the Army, and for other
purposes," approved July seventeen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two: And provided further,
That the second section of the act entitled "An
act giving further compensation to the captains
and subalterns of the Army of the United (States
in certain cases," allowing ten dollars additional
per month to any officer in actual command of a
company, as compensation for his dunes and re-
sponsibilities with respect to the clothing, arms,
and accoutciments of the company, shall be con-
strued to apply only to company officers in actual
command as aforesaid.
For subsistence in kind for regulars, volun-
teers, and drafted men, ninety-one million four
hundred and twenty-five thousand four hundred
and twenty-six dollars and thirty cents.
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, consisting of fuel for the officers,
enlisted men, guard, hospitals, storehouses, and
offices; of forage in land for the horses, mules,
and oxen for the quartermaster's department, at
the several postsand stations,and with the armies
in the field; for the horses of the seveial legiments
of cavalry, the batteries of artillery, and such
companies of infantry as may be mounted, and
for the authorized numberofofficers'hoises when
sei ving in the field and at the outposts, including
bedding for the animals; of straw for soldiers'
bedding,and ofstationery, including blank-books
for the quaiterniaster's department, certificates
for discharged soldiers, blank forms for the pay
and quai'tei master's departments; and for the
printing of division and department orders and
reports, sixty million dolluis.
For the incidental expenses of the quartermas-
ter's department, consisting of postage on letters
and packages received and sent by officers of the
Army on public service; expenses of courts-mar-
tial, military commissions, and courts of inquiry,
including the additional compensation of judges
advocate, recorders, members, and witnesses,
while on that service; under the act of March
sixteenth, eighteen hundred and two, extra pay
to soldiers employed, under the direction of the
quartermaster's department, in the erection of
barracks, quarters, storehouses, and hospitals; in
the construction of roads, and on other constant
labor, for periods of not less than ten days, under
the acts of March second, eighteen hundred and
nineteen, and August fouth [fourth,] eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, including those employed
as clerks at division and department headquar-
ters ; expenses ofcxpresses to and from the frontier
posts and armies in the field; of escorts to pay-
masters and other disbursing officers and to trains
where militaiy escorts cannot be furnished; ex-
penses of the interment of officers killed in action,
or who die when on duty in the field, or at posts
on the frontiers, or at other posts and places when
ordered by the Secretary of War, and of non-
commissioned officers and soldiers; authorized
office furniture; hire of laborers in the quarter-
master's department, including the hire of inter-
preters, spies, and guides for the Army; com-
pensation of clerks to officers ot the quartermas-
ter's department; compensation of forage and
wagon-masters, authonzed by the act of July
fiftii, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight; for the
apprehension of deserters, and the expenses inci-
dent to their pursuit; and for the folio wing expend-
itures required for the several regiments of cav-
alry, the batteries of light artillery, and such
companies of infantry as may be mounted, viz:
the purchase of traveling forges, blacksmiths'
and shoeing tools, horses and mule shoes and
nails, iron and steel for shoeing, hire of veterinary
surgeons, medicines for horses and mules, picket
ropes, and for shoeing the hoises of the corps
named; also, generally, the proper and authorized
expenses for the movements and operations of an
army not expressly assigned to any other depart-
ment, thirteen million dollars.
For the purchase of cavalry and artillery horses,
twenty-one million dollars.
For mileage, or the allowances made to officers
of the Army for the transportation of themselves
and their baggage, when traveling on duty with-
out ti oops, escorts, or supplies, seven hundred
thousand dollars.
For transportation of the Army, including the
baggage of the troops when moving either by
land or water; of clothing, camp and garrison
equipage, from the depots at Philadelphia, Cin-
cinnati, and New York to the several posts and
Army depots, and from those depots to the troops
in the field; and of subsistence stores from the
places of purchase, and from the places of deliv-
ery under contract, to such places as the circum-
stances of the service may require them to be
sent; of ordnance, ordnance stores, and smail-
arms, from founderies and armories to the ar-
senals, fortifications, frontier posts, and Army
depots; freights, wharfage, tolls, and ferriages;
for the purchase and hire of horses, mules, oxen,
and harness, and the purchase and repair of
wagons, carts, and drays, and of ships, and other
sea-going vessels, and boats required for the trans-
portation of supplies and for garrison purposes;
fur diayage and cartage at the several posts; hire
of teamsters; tiansportatioil of funds for the pay
and other disbursing departments; the expense of
sailing public transports on the vai ious 1 ivers, the
Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic und Pacific; and
for procuring water at such posts as, fiom their
situation, require it to be brought from a distance;
and forclearing roads, and removing obstructions
from roads, harbors, and rivers, to the extent
which may be required for the actual operations
■ of the troops in the field, forty million dollars.
! For hire or commutation of quarters for officers
| oil military duty; hire of quarters for troops; of
1 storehouses for the safe-keeping of military stores;
of grounds for summer cantonments; for the con-
struction of temporary huts, hospitals, and sta-
bles, and for repairing public buildings at estab-
lished posts, five million dollars.
For heating und cooking stoves, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For constructing and extending the telegraph,
for military purposes, and for expenses m oper-
ating the same, two hundred and scventy-fivo
thousand dollars. .
For supplies, transportation, and care of pris-
oners of war, nine hundred thousand dollars.
For purchasing, constructing, and maintenance
of steam-rams, two hundred and seventy-five
thousand dollars.
For clothing for the Army, camp and garrison
equipage, and for expenses of offices and arsenals,
fifty-eight million dollars.
For contingencies of the Army, four hundred
thousand dollars.
For medicines, instruments, and dressings, two
million seven hundred and fifteen thousand dol-
lars.
For hospital stores, bedding, and so forth, three
million five hundred and eighty-seven thousand
eight hundred and fifty-two dollars.
For hospital furniture and field equipments,
six hundred and eighteen thousand dollars.
For books, stationery, and printing, one hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars.
For ice, fruits, and other comforts, three hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For hospital clothing, seven hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
For citizen nurses, two hundred and ten thou-
sand dollars.
For care of sick soldiers in private hospitals,
thirty-one thousand two hundred dollars.
For artificial limbs for soldiers and seamen,
forty-five thousand dollars.
Forcitizen physicians, and medicines furnished
by them, four hundred and five thousand dollars.
For hire of clerks and laborers in purveying
depots, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For examining and recording meteorological
observations taken at the military posts of the
United States Army, seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
For Army medical museum, five thousand
dollars.
For contingent expenses of the medical depart-
ment, forty-seven thousand eight hundred und
thirty-eight dollars.
For laboratory for testing and rearranging med-
icines and hospital supplies,five thousand dollars.
For washing and washing-machines for hos-
pitals where matrons cannot be employed,fifteen
thousand dollars.
For expenses of the commanding general's
office, ten thousand dollars.
For the secret service, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For armament of fortifications, two million
dollars.
For the current expenses of the ordnance ser-
vice, five hnndred thousand dollars.
For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies,
i including the purchase and manufacture of arms,
j accoutermcnts, and horse equipments for volun-
! teers and regulars, twenty million dollars.
j For the manufacture of arms at the national
j armory, two million five hundred thousand dol-
! lars.
For repairs, improvements, and new machinery
at the national armory, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of gunpowder and lead, two
million dollars.
For repairs and improvements at arsenals, in-
cluding new and additions to present buildings,
and machinery, tools, and fixtures, two million •
dollars.
For the signal service of the Army, one hun-
i dred thousand dollars.
j For compensation of two clerks m the signal
office, two thousand eight hundred dollars.
! Sec. 2. JInd be ilfmth&r enacted, That all per-
j sons of color who have been or may be mustwvd
| into the military service of the United States shall
| receive the same uniform, clothing, arms, equip-
| ments, camp equipage, rations, medical and hos-
! pital attendance, pay and emoluments, other than
bounty, as other soldiers of the regular or volun-
i teer forces of the United States of like arm of the
; service, from and after the first day of January,
1 eighteen hundred and sixty-four; and that every
person of color who shall hereafter be mustered
■ into the service shall receive such sums ill bounty
