1806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 22,
The civilized world will be shocked as it reads
of the bloody butchery at Fort Pillow. But, sir,
I feel that the nation is doing a wrong to the col-
ored soldiers hardly less wicked than the wrongs
perpetrated upon them by slavcholdmg traitors.
Let ue right their wrongs. Let the Senate adopt
this amendment. The issue will then be distinct-
ly presented to the House of Representatives, and
the Representatives of the people will, I am con-
fident, promptly concur in righting the grievous
wrongs of our country's heroic defenders.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no question that the
measure offered by the Senator ought to be passed,
and parsed at once. The only objection toitisas
to putting it on the Army appropriation bill. It
certainly comes within the rules. It is independ-
ent legislation; but it relates to the subject-matter
of the bill; that is, the use of the money which
is appropriated in the bill. The. only possible
objection is the one of form, and I merely call the
attention of the Senate to it. If the Senate are
disposed to waive that objection, and put the
amendment on the bill, I shall not object. There
is no objection to it under the rules that I know
of, as it comes from the Committee on Military
Affairs. I therefore simply call the attention of
the Senate to the fact. I have no doubt it ought
m to pass.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for a division on that
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We mayas well haVe the
yeas and nays, then, in order to obtain a quorum.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Mrssrc. Anthony, Tkown, Chandler, Clark, Col-
Jamer, Connors, Cowan, Dixon, Doolmlc, Fo.-senden, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Halo. Hauling, llender-on, Howard, Howe,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, MeDoncall, Morgan, Motnil,
Pomeioy, U.mi«ov, Sherman, S pi ague, Sumner, Ten Eyek,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, ami Wilson—33.
NAYS—Me^rs. Buekalew, Davis, Hendricks, Powell,
and SauM>uiy—
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the followingamendment
to come m as a new section:
Jlnd he it further nincter?, That when the existing hnur
rection and rebellion shall have hern suppte-^ed, and the
auihoiit\ and Inw^ of the United States -hull have l>(^n
mMahli-hed in the United States when; the people atom
rebellion, ail negioe* then in the rmliiaiv st rvice ol the
United States shall thcicupon be discharged from Mich ser-
vice.
I ask for the yeas and nays upon this amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. Then 1 call for a division.
The question benm: put, there weie, on a di-
vision—ayes 5, noes 24; no quorum voting.
Mr. COYNESS. 1 call for theyeasand nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered; and being
taken, lesulted—yens 9, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Cneknlrw, Cm lilc, Cowan. Davi>, Jleu-
dei-on, Heiuhiekx. Johnson, McDoug'ni, and Powell—9.
NAYS—Mes.r.i.x. Anthoti) , JJiown. ('handler, Clark, Col-
Inmor, Conness, Di \on, Doolmle, I'VsM'nden, Grimes, Hale,
Hauling, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Moigan, Mot ill,
Pomeiov. Uamsev. Sherman. Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyek,
Trumbull. Van Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—
The VIC PI Pit ESI DENT. There is no quorum
of the Senate present.
Mr.POMEROY. Is it in order for me to move
to refer some papers?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not without
a quorum
Mr. SUMNER. Is it in order to make a re-
mark ?
The VICE PRESIDENT, h is not, unless
the Senator makes a motion. It will then be in
order to make a remark upon that motion.
Mr. SUMN Ell. I move that the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Shkhman] be requested to proceed im-
mediately, as soon as we have a quorum, with
the consideiatit-n of Ins proposition todeteimme
what is the qnoium of this body. Such incidents
as this occurring daily admonish us that we ought
to adopt thnt tuie.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the second time
the Senator f,.>n; Massachusetts has reminded me
of that ptoposition. I assure him that it is en-
tirely beyond my control. It was sent to the
Judicial y Committee, and is very safely housed
there. 1 have ealhd on the membersof that com-
mittee day by day to u*poit either for or against
it, but i cannot <^-t it b-'foie the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Why should not the Senator
move it in open Senate, and pass it over the com-
mittee?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think that would
be treating the committee very courteously. I
observe that the chairman of that committee is
present, and I take this occasion to say to him
that I hope he will report it at an early day.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have great respect for that
committee; but still the business of the Senate
must be carried on.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be directed to request the attendance of ab~
sentees that business may proceed.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will request the attendance of absent mem-
bers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator from
Illinois if he can give us any information when
that resolution to which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has referred will probably be reported
from his committee. It is important that it should
be acted upon at an early day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose I might state
to the Senator that the committee considered that
matter once or twice, and had pretty much come
to a conclusion in regard to it as the matter then
stood; and if theywete to report, the probability
is that the report would not accomplish any ob-
ject which the Senator from Ohio may have in
view; and it was thought better by the committee,
until there was a greater necessity for bringing
the matter before the Senate, to let it lie.
Mr. SUMNER. Would not the report from
the committee bring the matter before the Senate?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We did not think it ad-
visable that it should be before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the point. The com-
mittee does not think it advisable that it should
be brought before the Senate. Any report of the
committee would bring it before the Senate.
Mr. G RIMES. 1 will inquire of the Chair what
is the question before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa calls the Senators to order; and they are
evidently out of order, there being no question
bcfoie the Senate.
Mr. SAtJLSBURY entered the Chamber, and
the Secretary called his name, and he,*voted
"yea."
Mr. TEN EYCK. I move that further pro-
ceedings under the order of the Senate instructing
the Sergeant-at-Arms to request the attendance of
absent members he dispensed with.
Several Senators. Let him bring them in any-
how.  •
Mr. TEN EYCK. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think thereisaquorum
now in the Senate, and that we can proceed with
business. 1 will ask that the vote be retaken on
the amendment to aseeitain that fact,
Mr. WILSON. The vote is not lost.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, «ir. The vote hav-
ing been declared, I suppose it is necessary to take
it over ognin.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be, in the
impression of the Chair. The Chair will again
call for the vote. It may be done in that way, or
by a motion for an adjournment, or a postpone-
ment. The Chair will therefore order the Secre-
tary again to call the roll.
Mr. BUCKALEW. On what question is the
roll to be called?
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the same ques-
tion on which the Senate has just voted and found
itself without n quorum.
Mr. WILSON. Was not the vote of the Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] taken and
counted just now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was not. The
Secretary called his name, but it was improperly
called, as the vote had been declared.
The question being again taken by yeas and
nays, resulted—yeas 10, nays k27, as follows:
YEAS—Me<sr<. Buekalew, (Jaiiile, Cowan, Davis, Hen-
deif,on, riend.icks, Johnson, McDongail, Powell, and
bauMiur}—10.
NAYS—Hiown. Claik, Collainer,Conne?:s, Dix-
on. Doohtlle, J-Y^enden. Guinea, Hale, Hauling, Unwoid,
How e, I_,ane of hidiana, Lane (H" Kun>a-, 'Motcan. Mot nil,
Potneiov, Rain«ev, Slietman, S[Hague, Suinnei .Ten Hvek,
Tiumlmll, Van Winkle, \Vilkni>on, Willey, and Wil-
son—~7.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose another amendment;
to add the following as an additional scction:
be it fuitkcc cnaclcJ, That in every case where any
private soldier or non-commissioned officer may heretofore
have been or shall hereafter be mustered into the military
seiviee ot the United Stales, and who may have been or
shall hereaftei be honorably diachai«ed from such seiviee,
or who may have heretof'oie died or shall hereafter die in
such ^service without having leceivedoi being entitled to le-
ceiveany bounty, every privatesokhei onion commissioned
ollicer that may be livinjr, and the legal lepiesentative^of
all thai may be dead or that may heieafier die without re-
ceiving any bounty, shall be entitled io and shall he paid
bounty as here declared, to wit: all those who erueied the
service for three years, tiie sum of ^100 ; and tho^e who
entered the service for a less term, the proportionate sum
that their terms bear to $100 for three years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is legislation that
has not been considered by any committee of the
Senate. I hope, therefore, it will not be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
the amendment.'
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say but a word on this
proposition. It was sent to me by some soldiers
from Pennsylvania, with a request that I would
present it to the Senate, and I agreed to do so.
I think the proposition is right, and I shall there-
fore support it. We are now giving pay and
emoluments to negro soldiers in every respect
equivalent to that which we give to the white sol-
diers. There were many white soldiers who
entered the service early in the war, some of
whom have been killed m battle, some of whom
have died from disease, some of whom have been
discharged by reason of wounds and sickness,
and a good many, as I am informed, are in a con-
dition to need this bounty; and yet they have
never received any.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to raise a point of
order on this amendment. I ask the Senator if
it comes from any committee?
Mr. DAVIS Certainly not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I raise the point
of order that the amendment is not in order, as it
makes an appropriation.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the proposition is in
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine will state his point, so that the Chair will
understand it. The amendment, as the Chair
understands it, does not make an appropriation.
Air FESSENDEN. It increases the appro-
priation necessarily. It directs a certain payment
to be made. It lays the foundation for appro-
priations. I do not know that it makes them.
Mr. DAVIS. This proposition does not in-
crease the appropriations, and does not make any,
as 1 understand. It does not interfere in the ap-
propriation that is asked, in the aggregate, or m
any of its items.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule is that
"no amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall be received to any general appropria-
tion bill unless it be made to carry out the pro-
visions of some existing law,"&.c. In the im-
pression of the Chair, the amendment is in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not an appropriation.
The VICE PR ESI DENT. That is the ruling
of the Chair. The Senator's amendment is in
order.
Mr. DAVIS. I was merely proceeding to make
one word of remark. I am informed that a great
many soldieis, who entered the service early and
have taken pait m the battles of the country, or
their representativeR, are in a condition in which
they would not, under existing laws, be entitled
to bounty. The representatives of the soldiers
who early entered into the service of country and
were killed m battle or died from disease, and the
soldiers who returned to their homes with the loss
of health, with an inability to labor, and with
permanent disability, it seems to me, are much
fairer subjects for bounty from the Government
than any negio soldiers that can be presented m
any fmm in the service of the countiy. I think
the proposition is just in itself, and that it ought
to pievail. I hope it will prevail. 1 think it is
but a meager remuneration and reward that is
proposed to be rendered to many men just as mer-
itorious in point of patriotism and braveiy and a
true disposition to serve their country, as others
who have recened the full measure of bounty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My objection to a is
simply this: it has never been considered by any
eomrnittec, we do not know the extent of it, we
do not know what efl'ectit may have oi whatcall
it may make on the Treasury, or anything of that
kind. We have had recently a proof of the dan-
