1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18,07
ger of passing bills without having themconsidered
by a committee. 1 hope, therefore, the amendment
will not be put on this appropriation bill.
Mr. C0NNE3S. There is another objection
to this amendment that occui s to my mind, and
it is this: whatever may be the condition of these
soldiers, the Government has carried out its con-
tracts with them, and if it has been made neces-
sary by the continuance of the war to increase
the provisions made for the pay of soldiers, it
does not follow that we are now to go on increas-
ing the emoluments and pay of every soldier who
has preceded those now in the service. That is
a proposition that may be well left to the future,
when Congress shall have the whole question of
the ability of the country to pay and the services
rendered by all parties before them.
Mr. DAVIS. This amendment proposes to
give a bounty to private soldiers and non-com-
missioned officers, the men who boar the heat and
burden of the day. In my judgment^if there are
any men in the service of the country who are
entitled to the liberal bounties and rewards of
their countrymen it is those classes of the Army.
At least they have a larger amount of my sym-
pathies and of my respect than any other portion
of the Army. So far as I have a disposition to
render justice, and liberal justice to any men in
the service of the country, 1 prefer to make that
return to (he private soldiers and non-commis-
sioned officers who are in the seivice of the coun-
try, and to those who have left that service either
by the casualties of battle or by sickness or by
death or by being disabled permanently and ren-
dered incapable of laboring for the support of
themselves and their families. K seems to me if
there id any portion of the community who have
a strong claim upon the justicc, the liberality, and
the magnanimity of the Government and the
country, it is precisely these classes of the Army.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President^ by the exist-
ing law all soldiers wflo serve out thf-ir time of
two or three yeai s,and are honorably discharged
from the service, receive the bounty of $100; and
all soldiers who have been dischaiged on account
of sickness or wounds are entitled to the same
bounty by the law uf the 3d of March of last year.
The amendment that is now offered applies equally
to black soldiers as well as whites ones. It will
cover the cast? of black soldiers who have been
discharged fiom the service as well as white ones.
There is no gtound, theiefore, for raising a ques-
tion on that point; and I am very glad that the
Senator from Kentucky has made some progress
in that direction.
But it is a proposition also to pay bounty to
men who were called into the service,and whom
we did not agree to give this bounty. Thethice
months men, the men whom we called out for nine
months as militia, are to be paid the same propor-
tionate bounty under this amendment. It may
be proper that we should adopt some of its pro-
visions, and extend our laws in that respect; biU
I think a proposition of that kind should be care-
fullyguarded. There are a great many men who ;
have been discharged from the service of the Uni- '
ted States after a few days' service who have, re- :
ceived bounties of eight or nine hundred dollars j
apiece. Sincc this Congress met, men by the hun- '
dreds, who were musteied into the service of the j
United States, and leceived about one thousand !
dollars bounty, have been mustered out again, i
The question is, ought we to give them a bounty ;
of $100 in addition? A proposition of this kind, j
which covers evetybody and everything, black >
and white, ought to be carefully matured and j
carefully guaidcd, soasto protect the country and j
the Treasury. j
Mi. DAVIS. If I could have shaped this mcas- j
urc according to my own view, it should notoniy ,
have not em hi aced negro soldiers, but they should J
have been disbanded. They should not,sofaras
I could will it, be a portion of the Army of the 1
United States, nor should they n-ceive any emol-
uments, if I could direct the matter myself, to
which that Army might be entitled under the law.
I was aware of the operation of the amendment.
I knew that if it claimed any sympathy from the
Senator from Massachusetts it would have to
embrace the ne^roeh; that without that feature it
would not leceive any consult uuion whafevei at
his hands. However, I wanted justice done to
the white Sold.ei, and because what 1 deem to be
more than justicc might be done to the negro sol-
dier, 1 was not willing that justice to the white
soldier should be stinted; and therefore I made it
to include both.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown? Buckalew, Carlile, Cowan, Da-
vis, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of Jiuii.ina, Lane of Kansas,
Powell, Kamsey, Salisbury, and Wilkinson—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthonv, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Conness, Dixon, DoolitUe, Fosscuden. Foot. Grimes, IJ.ale,
Hendeisjon, How*?, Morgan, Morrill, Pome'roy, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Willey, and Wilson-*#-!.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I will offer another amendment,
to insert as a new section the following:
Jlnd be it further enactcd, That when any property
whatever belonging to any person or per^ins loyal to the
United States shall have been heretofore, oi sdiall be here-
after, taken, used, oi appropriated by any military or naval
officer thereof" for the use and service of the (Jailed States,
the owncrorowneis of such piopeity shall be entitled to
the fair and reasonable value of such ptoperty where it is
of a personal chaiactcr,and to a fair and reasonable com-
pensation ior its UM! where it i* of the nature of real estate.
And the judsje of the United States ch-tnet court for the
district in which any propeity may be taken, appropri-
ated, or u-*ed, shall appoint one or more commissioners
resident therein to take pi oof and repoitupon the points
of, fust, the talcing, appropriation, or me afoi<^aid of
any propeity by any nulitaiyor naval officer of the United
States; secondly, the lair and iea<onabie value or com-
pensation for the use o( any ptopeny so taken, appropri-
ated, and used; thud, the lo\aliv of the owtiei or owners
of Mieh piopeuy. Said judge shall establish uiles and reg-
uI.moiH to dnect <uch cotnmi«-sionci in the performance
of his duties. He may confirm or lemand the irpoitin
vacation as well at teun time, and when it is confirmed it
shall be final and conclusive and the amount repotted by
it be paid at the Tieatui) Depanment.
Mr. President, most of the Senators in this
Chamber, and who control and fashion its meas-
ures, represent States that have never been reached
by the storms and devastations of this civil war.
They send their sons to the Aimy, who full in
battle, or die by disease in camp, or return home
with mutilated bodies or broken-down health;
but the foe has never trod their soil;, their gov-
ernments move on undisturbed: their laws are
executed, person and property are protected and
secure; industiy and the pursuits of life proceed;
the great mass of their population know nothing
of the war, except as they read of it in the-news-
papers, or hear the reverberations of its thunders
from far off, or arc t,ailed upon by collectors for
the taxes levied upon them to sustain it. But we
are informed by the public prints of the manu-
facturing States, by their representatives in Con-
gress, and by their people in every social eij-cle,
that their labor was ne\er so fully or profitably
employed; that their manufacturing companies
are making from twenty-five to thirty-three per
cent, beyond all former rates of profits; thattheir
people before never had so much money, or were
accumulating wealth so rapidly, or indulging
themselves in such fine houses and heavy extrava-
gance, or their families patading such splendid
equipages,orflashmgsucli costlyand magnificent
jewels and diamonds; that their section of country
is able to bear and pay double the present amount
of taxes, and it must be imposed to carry on the
war and conquer and subjugate the rebel States,
and, if needs tbe, to exterminate the rebels- and
part out theii lands among the freed negroes and
conqueung soldiers.
But what have been and are the aspects of this
war. in the border slave States, including Ken-
tucky: Its visage is terribly grim to them to
what it is to the manufacturing and particularly
the New England States, it has burst in its fury
upon those border States and desolated large por-
tions of them. Thousands upon thousands of
comfortable farm-houses, mtny of their towns and
villages, and their public works, have been given
up to conflagration. Their fencing around their
fruitful fields and smiling oiehards has been swept
away forcamp fires,and cveiy vestige of vegeta-
tion and the soil its' If trodden out by the encamp-
ment imd continued movement of aimies. Rob-
bery, murder, and tapine have made the land
frightful; !ar<ro portions of its people have been
duven into exile by constantly i ecurnng maraud-
ing expeditions; business, industry,and labor have
notoniy been distmbrd but extensively broken
up, and their avails generally restricted, and in
myiiculs of cases wholly cut off. Xiundt eds and
hundreds are wandering about homeless and
houseless, thousands and tens of thousands who
by diligent labor and prudent economy were liv-
ing comfortably, have to restrict themselves to
meager allowances; and many do not know one
day what they are to eat the next. A few eon-
tractors for horses, mules, and other Army sup-
plies, make some money, but with the entire popu-
lation besides there is not only no accumulation,
but very many are consuming in daily subsist-
ence what they had garnered up in peaceful and
prosperous days for the evening of life, and to
leave as a moderate provision for their families
when they should be called hence. Multitudes,
besides necessary expenses, donotmake enough
to meet their direct and indirect taxes, State and
Federal, and a great many are wholly unable to
pay them. While the New England States have
a monopoJy of most of the manufactured articles
for the supply of the Army and Navy, and are
receiving from the Government the largest amount
of its disbursements in enormous prices, the forms
of our industry do not enable us to make any com-
petition with them. The war that is enriching
them is reducing us to poverty and hopeless bank-
ruptcy, and its continuance gives therti the fruits
not only of their own labor but also ofours. 'They
have been opposed to former wars because, in-
stead of making money by them, their fruits were
burdens upon their capital, business, and labor.
If this war had brought to them the same conse-
quences as to us they would have been opposed
to it from the beginning, and in the language of
one of their prominent statesmen and warriors,
would have been " willing for the Union to slide."
If the state of the case were even now to shift, and
the war were to bring upon them the same bur-
dens and afflictioiVsthatit does upon us, they would
change, and become anti-war, though the Union
did slide, with the same facility with which, from
being intensely pro-slavery, they became fanatic-
ally abolition because they could make no more
money out of slavery.
But a more poignant misery of this war than
the destruction of our material prosperity, and the
gaunt want to which it has brought so many of
our people, is the division it produced among us.
It precipitated fully twenty-five thousand of the
sons of Kentucky, comprehending? a large por-
tion of the flower of our chivalry, into the rebel
army. It sundered families, arraying in hostile
ranks and mortal stnfekindred, and brothers, and
even fathers and sons. The erring left the family
altars, declaring that the North for long years had
been preparing the mind and the heartof its peo- *
pie for a sectional war against the South, its peo-
ple, its social structure, its institutions, its slave
property, its material wealth and prosperity, for
the subversion of all, and for the utter subjuga-
tion of not only the rebel butof the whole of the
slave States.
The great market for the exports of Kentucky
were the southern States. From their settlement,
many of her children had gone and made their
homes in them, and raised families and amassed
wealth. The southern planters came into our
midst to spend the sickly months of summer, as
well strangers as those who had been^om among
us. Their sons intermarried with our daughters,
and our sons with their daughters. We were a
kindred people, and had a community of prop-
erty, institutions, and interests. We were their
producers, they our consumers, and we drew the
bounties of our surplus labor from the cotton and
sugar plantations of the South, as did also to a
large extent so many of the manufacturing and
agricultural portions of the free States. On the
other hand, except for the sale of a few cattle in
New York city,and an occasional lot of mules
at iion manufactories in Pennsylvania, Kentucky
found no market in the free States. Her wheat
passes m the crude form or as Hour to Europe.
New England buys nothing from us, but we are
large consumers of her manufactures. We have
long been developing hermanufactutingindustry
and skill, and adding to her enormous wealth by
paying to her the money which we have been
drawing from the South. Trade, interest, com-
munity of property and institutions, social inter-
course, the strong ties of family and kindred, and
the most solemn monitions of our southern breth-
len, and so many of our children in our midst ,"t hat
the people of the free,and particularly of the New
England States, meditated remorseless waragainat
them all, as well in Kentucky and the other bor-
der slave as the southern States, beckoned ua to
the southern confederation.
