180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June It,
' 38th Cong....1st Sess,
Laws of the United Stales.
person who shall violate any provisions of this
act shall be held guilty of a misdemeanor, and,
on conviction thereof, be fined in any sum not
less than one thousand dollars, nor more than ten
thousand dollars, or be imprisoned for a period
not less than three months, nor longer than one
year, or both, at the discretion of the court, and
shall likewise be subject to a penalty of one thou-
sand dollars for each offense.
Sec. 5. Jlndbe it further enacted, That thepen-
alties imposed by the fourth section of this act
may be recovered in an action at law in any court
of record of the United States, or any court of
competent jurisdiction, which action may be
brought in the name of the United States by any
person who will sue for said penalty, one half
for the use of the United States, and the other half
for the use of the person bringing such action.
And the recovery and satisfaction of a judgment
in any such action shall be a barto the imposition
of any fine for the same offense in any prosecu-
tion instituted subsequent to the recovery of such
judgment, but shall not be a bar to the infliction
of punishment by imprisonment, as provided by
said fourth section.
Sec. G. Jnd be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, June 17, 1864.
Chap. CXXVIII.—An Act to amend an Act en-
titled "An Act to extend the Time for the
Withdrawal of Goods from Public Stores and
Bonded Warehouses, and for other purposes,"
approved twenty-ninth February,eighteen bun-
dled anil sixty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That all goods, wares, and merchan-
dise, in public stores or bonded warehouses, on
which the duties are unpaid, und which shall have
been in bond for more than one yearand loss than
three years, mny be entered for consumption and
the bonds canceled at any tune before the first day
of September next, on payment of duties and
charges according to the laws in force at the time
the goods shall tie withdrawn.
Approved, June 17, 1864.
Chap. CXXIX.— An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to authorize the Corporation of
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, to
lay and collect a Water Tax, and for other
purposes," approved May twenty-one, eieli-
teen hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and I-Iouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States oj America in Congress
assembled, That in all cases in which an original
town lot in Georgetown, in the District of"Co-
lumbia, entirely owned by the same person or
persons, or any subdivision of an original lot
separately owned, as aforesaid, shall be situated
at the intersection of two streets, so as to bind or
front on both, and in which both fronts would be
liable to the front-foot tax authorized by the act
entitled "An act to authorize the corporation of
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, to lay
and collect a water tax, and for other purposes,"
approved May twenty-one, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, the said front-foot tax shall not be
levied upon more than seventy-five feet of the two
fronts of said lot or part of lot; and all beyond
said number of feet shall be exempt therefrom:
Provided, I hat, for the purpose of avoiding in-
equality and hardship in laying said tax, it shall
be lawful for the said corporation of Georgetown,
in such cases, to make such further exemptions
from said (rout-foot tax, either by general laws
or in individual cases, as to them may seem iust
and proper. J
Sec. 3. And be it further enactcd, That it shall
be lawful for said corporation of Georgetown, in
their discretion, instead of the front-foot tax afore-
said, to lay and collect annually a general special
tax not to exceed one fifth of one per cent, per
annum on all the assessable property in said town,
for the purpose of defraying the cost of distrib-
uting water through said town fiom the mains or
P'P®a of the Washington aqueduct, which tax
shall be exclusively appropriated to said object,
shall be collected in the same manner as the gen-
eral tax of said town, and shall cease whenever
the cost of said distribution shall have been fully
paid: Provided, That ail persons liable to pay said
tax shall be credited on account of the same with
all sums heretofore paid by them on account of
said front-foot tax, levied in pursuance of the act
to which this is an amendment.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the third
section of the act aforesaid be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Approved, June 17, 1864.
Chap. CXXX.—An Act to regulate the Foreign
Coasting Trade on the Northern, Northeast-
ern, and Northwestern Frontiers of the United
States, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That any boat, sloop, or other vessel
of the United States, navigating the waters on our
northern, northeastern, and northwestern front-
iers, otherwise than by sea, shall be enrolled and
licensed in such form as other vessels; which en-
rollment and license shall authorize any such
boat, sloop, or other vessel to be employed either
in the coasting or foreign trade on said frontiers;
and no certificate of register shall be required for
vessels so employed on said frontiers: Provided,
That such boat, sloop, or vessel shall be, in every
other respect, liable to the rules, regulations, and
penalties now in force relating to registered and
licensed vessels.
Sec. 2. Aid be it further enacted, That in lieu
of the compensation provided by the fourth sec-
tion of the act of March second, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-one, entitled "An act to regulate
the foreign and coasting trade on the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of the
United States, and for other purposes," each of
the several collectors of customs in the following
districts on the said frontiers, to wit: Pembina,
Chicago, Milwaukee, SaultSainte Marie,Detroit,
Miami, Sandusky, Cuyahoga, Presque Isle,
(hereafter to be called Erie,) Dunkirk, Buffalo,
Niagara, Genesee, Oswego, Cape Vincent, Os-
wogatchie, Champlain, and Vermont, shall re-
ceive an annual compensation of one thousand
dollars, and, in addition thereto, the fees now col-
lected under the general regulations of the Treas-
ury Department of February, eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven, and a commission of three per
centum on all moneys collected arid accounted for
by them respectively: Provided, That the aggre-
gate compensation derived from salary, fees, and
commissions, shall not in any case exceed the
sum of twenty-five hundred dollars per annum,
subject to the provisions of the act entitled "An
act relative to collectors and other officers of the
customs," approved February eleventh, eighteen
hundred and forty-six. And whenever the ag-
gregate of salary, fees, and commissions shall in
any case exceed the said sum of twenty-five hun-
dred dollars, after deducting the necessary ex-
penses incident to the said office, for and during
the same period for which said compensation is
allowed, the excess shall, in every such case, be
paid into the Treasury of the United States. The
fees and emoluments of all kinds to be accounted
for as provided by the twelfth section of the act
of the seventh of May, eighteen hundred and
twenty-two.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the col-
lectors and other officeis of customs on the said
frontiers shall be authorized to charge and collect
the same fees as are now allowed by law to be
charged and collected by the collectois and other
officers of customs.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all the
territory, harbors, and waters on the eastern
shore of the State of Wisconsin, bordering on
-Lake Michigan, heretofore embraced in the dis-
tnet of Michilimackitiac, and lying within the
limits of the State of Wisconsin, shall be, and
the same are hereby, attached to and made part
of the collection district of Milwaukee, in the
State of Wisconsin.
Sec. 5. Aid be it further enacted, Thatall bonds
given by collectors of customs, naval officers
surveyors, and by all officeis of the customs
throughout the United States, shall be approved
by the Commissioner of Customs, in whose office
they are now required to be filed.
Sec. 6. And beit further enacted, That this oct
shall take effect from and after the thirtieth June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the act
entitled " An act to regulate the foreign and coast-
ing trade on the northern, northeastern,and north-
western frontiers of the United States, and for
other purposes," approved second March, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-one, and all other acts or
parts of acts inconsistent with this act be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, June 17, 1864.
Chap. CXXXI.—An Act to regulate the Veto
Power in the Territory of Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That every bill which shall have passed
the Legislative Assembly of Washington Terri-
tory shall, before it become a law, be presented to
the Governor. If he approve he shall sign it, but if
not he shall return it, with his objections, to that
House in which it shall have originated, who shall
enter the objections at large on their journal, and
proceed to reconsider it. If, after such reconsid-
eration, two thirds of that House shall agree to
pass the bill, it shall be sent, together with the
objections, to the other House, by which it shall
likewise be reconsidered; and if approved by two
thirds of that House it shall become a law. But
in all such cases the votes of both Houses shall
be determined by yeas and nays, and the names
of the persons voting for andagainstthe bil 1 shall
be entered on the journal of each House respect-
ively. If any bill shall not be returned by the
Governor within five days (Sundays excepted)
after it shall have been presented to him, the same
shall be a law, in like manner as if he had signed
it, unless the Legislative Assembly Jjy their ad-
journmentpreventits return,in which case it shail
not be a law.
Approved, June 17,1864. '
Chap. CXXXII.—An Act to empower the Super-
annuated Fund Society of the Maryland An-
nual Conference to hold Property in the Dis-
trict of Columbia and to take a Devise under
the Will of the late William Doughty.
Whereas acertain William Doughty, ofGeorge-
town, in the District of Columbia, by his last will,
bearing date on the twenty-ninth day of April,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, duly admitted to
probate, devised and bequeathed certain real and
personal property and estate—part thereof to take
effect at his death, and the residue at the death or
marriage of his widow—to a society incorporated
by act of the General Assembly of Ma'ryland, by
the name of The Superannuated Fund Society of
the Maryland Annual Conference, arid called in
said will The Superannuated Fund Society of the
Methodist Protestant Church for the District of
Maryland; and wheieas it has been questioned
whether the said corporation can lawfully take
and hold the said propeity, in virtue of said last
will, without the leave and assent of Congress:
Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the assent ot Congiessis hereby
given to all and every the aforementioned devises
and bequests unto The Superannuated Fund So-
ciety of the Maryland Annual Conference afore-
said; and the said society and body-corporate is
hereby fully authorized and empowered to tyke
and hold the said property and estate devised and
bequeathed to it as aforesaid, agreeably to the tenor
and provisions of the said last will, and to dis-
pose of anil enjoy the same to every intent and
effect as if the said society had been originally
incorporated by act of Congress.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
corporation is hereby empowered to hold real and
personal property located in the District of Co-
lumoia acquired, or that shall be acquired by "it't,
purchase, devise, or bequest, and the same enjoy,
rent, lease, or convey, at pleasure, as freely as
any person or body-corporate can do: Provided,
That the net yearly income thereof shall not ex-
ceed twenty thousand dollars.
