2784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7.
might raise a question whether, after all, any
rights won; gained under o bond given in the way
stated here unless you hold bonds given with a
fail understanding that they were good at common
law if not as statute bonds. There might be a
difference of opinion on that point. I suppose ray
friend from Vermont might think it was good for
nothing, and perhaps I might agree with him on
the subject.
But I understand as a matter of fact that the mer-
chants , or a very large body of them at any rate, are
not affected by the law that has been passed. The
fact that such a bond had been required wasknown;
and the notice that had been given here more than
once was a notice which had m fact operated upon
their minds to make them aware that hereafter
goods in bond were liable or would be made liable to
the duties that might be imposed up to the time
when they were entered for consumption. At
any rate, the Senate decided here the other day
to imposethem. I have great respect for the Sen-
ate, and ordinarily should yield to it and not con-
tend any lunger; but yet with regard to this res-
olution that has been called up by my honorable
friend I do not feel instructed by the action of the
Committee on Finance in retaining that provision,
because you will remember, sir, that the vote m
that committee stood equally divided, three and
three, in reference to it, and it was simply reported
because there was not power enough to strike it
out. The opinions of the committee were equally
divided, as it happened to be at that time; and 1
confess that after the decision of the Senate on
the original resolution I was very much inclined
to adopt the view which tho Senate had adopted
and adhere to it throughout. As there may be
some doubt about the law 1 think the resolution
had better be laid over, in order that the Senator
from Ohio may get the Sccietary's views on that
subject, and ascertain specifically how the fact is
and how it is founded, and it may give us some
light.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly there may be a
law on the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator rnuke the motion that the joint resolution lie
over ?
Mr. FKSSENDEN. I will, if it is agreeable
to the Senator from Ohio. 1 do not wish to in-
terfere with his action on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am perfectly wilting that
it should be laid over.
The motion was agteed to.
CONOUESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ANTHONY. i move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of [louse bill No. 4'2J.
Mr. SUMNER, i do not wish to cross the
path of my friend from Rhode Island, but the bill
(hat I have spoken of every day I should like to
bringforwau! as quick as 1 can. Is this bill likely
to take any time ?
Mr. ANTHONY. This is the bill to provide
for the continuation of tho Congressional Globe.
The Senate is thin, and 1 have no desire to press
the bill ;it a tune when any Henatois are absent,
who desire to discuss it; but it has been upon the
table for some tune, and I should like to have it
disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. Why nor dispose of it now,
and let it be understood that the hill 1 have m
charge may be taken up and proceeded with to-
monow, if the Senate chooses?
Mr. ANTHONY, i do notknow that this bill
will take ten minutes. I do not know what the
disposition of the Senate is on the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not object to it. I only
wish to mfike a continual claim as it were.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then 1 move to take up
the bill (H. R. No. 491) to pay in part for pub-
lishing the debates of Congress, and for other
purposes.
The motion was agrpfd to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of tho bill.
Ihe bill was reported t<? the Senate without
amendment.
Mr.^ \\ 1LSON 1 hope we shall not adopt
tnot old sys.em of voting books to members of
Congress. At the time we increased the com-
pensation of the members it was understood that
that system should cease. It was odious to ihe I
country; it was the subject of great abuse; and !
the revival of it, I think, will bring new abuses. I
I certainly hope we shall not adopt that mode.
If wo cannot print the Globe at the piesent rates,
let us pay them the money. It will cost a great
deal mote to adopt this system; and I think it
will be of but very little benefit to members of
Congress, and be a subject of just reproach on
the part of the country.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is the proposition to in-
crease the compensation for the printing of the
Globe hereafter, or is it to furnish members with
the Globe as it has been printed from the first?
Mr. ANTHONY. I will explain the bill. I
explained it the other day, but 1 suppose Senators
have forgotten it or did not attend to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was not here.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is necessary, if the Con-
gressional Globe is to be continued, that there
should be an increase of compensation. I sup-
pose that is so apparent to every one that it is not
necessary to go into the reasons of it. The late
publisher of the Globe, Mr. Rives, submitted to
the Joint Committee on Printing two propositions,
either of which he would accept, for the continu-
ation of the publication. One was an increase of
fifty per cent, on the price paid; and the Super-
intendent of Public Printing, on whose judgment
we placed more reliance than any other person
in the matter, thought the proposition was not an
unreasonable one considering the great advance
that hud taken place in all the materials and all
the cost of publication, but that such an arrange-
ment if entered into should be temporary, as we
hope the prices will go down.
The dther proposition, and the one which the
publisher of the Globe desired to have adopted,
was to return to the original contract which he
made with Congress, and which was violated by
Congress without consulting him. The original
contract was that every member of Congress
should be furnished with the Globe and Ap-
pendix from the commencement of us publication.
In order to carry out that part of the contiact,
the publisher stereotyped the woik and punted
the back numbeis to a considerable extent, and
stored them away in a fire-proof building to await
the calls for them as new members were elected to
Congress. This part of the contract was abio-
gated by Congress, not, I think, as my fiiend
from Massachusetts says, in consequence of the
compensation law which provided that all books
furnished to members of Congress should be paid
for by themselves. I do not think the Congres-
sional Globe was included in that act; I was not
here at the time. I think it was not considered
as.one of the books that were furnished to mem-
bers of Congress. The books that had been fur-
nished were booksoutside, the woiksofjefferson,
tho works of Franklin, the Annals of Congress,
and a great many other books that amounted, 1
believe, in all to seven or eight hundred dollars,
which some members of Congress did not receive
but receipted for them, and took the money com-
pensation, which was justly thought to be a veiy
great abuse. I do not think the furnishing of the
Globes is an abuse of the nature to which my
ftiend from Massachusetts icfers.
Without having any preference as to the two
modes which the late proprietor of the Globe and
ins successois submit to Congress, tins is the
plan that the representatives-of Mr. Rives prefer,
because it is the original contract, and because
they think it will give permanency to the publi-
cation. Mr. Rives was very decidedly in favor
of that proposition, and I think it was on account
of bis picference for it and tho delay of our com-
mittee to come into it that the bill ha? been de-
layed so long. The difference in the cost for this
Congress will be about fifteen thousand dollars.
This proposition will cost about fifteen thousand
dollars for this Congress more than the other;
but it will be seen that tor subsequent Congresses,
as the number of new members will of couise be
smaller than they are now, as the distribution
has been intei rupted for several years, the amount
will ptobably be leys. 1 suppose for the next
Congress that this will be the cheapost rate.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask the Senator
whether the object he has in view might not be
accomplished more directly, perhaps, by distrib-
uting these books among libiarics throughout ihe
country, if they are distributed among the mem-
bers, I would ask how many of them would not !
get sacrificed, get lost, the sets broken and dis- j
persed, so that perhaps as a whole set very few I
would reach any public library. The great ob-
ject we should have in printing this large addi-
tion, it seems to me, should be to supply the
libraries all over the country, not only the large
town libraries but village libraries. I would have
every library in the country supplied with this
book. Eventually it will be a great source of
historical knowledge which will constantly be
referred to hereafter by anybody who is under-
taking to write on the events of the time or to
discuss them. It seems to me if we require di-
rectly that they should be distributed among
libraries, that then we should not positively of-
fend against the statute which we have passed.
As I understand it, the existing statute with ref-
erence to the pay of members of Congress pos-
itively requires that they shall not vote themselves
books without having the value deducted from
their pay. Now it is proposed to do that. It
seems to me we had better avoid that, and if it is
thought advisable to take these books of the suc-
cessors of Mr. Rives—on that I express no opin-
ion—then to distribute them among the libraries
of the country.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It isimpossible for a Sen-
ator, who is not a member of the Committee on
Printing, without taking considerable pains, to un-
derstand exactly this matter as it is. I believe I
have the outline of it. I understand that the print-
ing of the Globe cannot be continued on the present
terms, and it becomes a question whether there-
ports of the proceedings of both Houses of Con-
gress shall be discontinued or rrot. If I under-
stood the Senator from Rhode Island aright, he
states that there are two modes in which this
printing of the Globe can be continued: one is
by taking the back numbers and furnishing to
each new member of Congress a back set of the
Globes, and by doing that it will strengthen the
hands of the publishers and they can continue
the work; the other mode is by increasing the
pay for the present issue of the Globe fifty per
cent. We have those two questions before us:
whether we will discontinue the Globe altogether
and trust to the oidmary limited, condensed re-
ports from the rcporters'gallery and other sources,
or whether we shall continue to have an accurate
history of the transactions of Congress as they
occur from day to day. I think the public mind
and the public eye have been so long resting upon
this publication that it ought not to be discontin-
ued now, and cannot be discontinued without a
very just complaint on the part of the country,
especially as these reports,for accuracy and fidel-
ity, have never been surpassed, if ever equaled,
by any other work in the whole history of ste-
nography.
If we were not in the midst of scenes which re-
quire a vast expenditure of money, if we were
not driven to our wits' ends to tax everything
under heaven for the purpose of raising money,
perhaps it would be judicious to take the back
numbers of the Globe, and cither distribute them
among individuals or have them placed in libraries
as is suggested by the Senator from Massachu-
setts. 1 do not myself believe there is any ne-
cessity for any regulation of that sort if all
members act as some few Senators that I have
knowledge of do. They generally supply all the
libraries in their States with the numbers of the
Globe. 1 am sure I do. 1 send a copy of the
Globe to every library i know of in the State of
New Jersey.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is to give a full set
of the back numbers to new members.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. Exactly, and that might
be desirable if we were full of money and knew
not what to do with it. I think, however, we had
better not now undertake to go into the wholesale
book business, but if it is necessary, to continue
the publication of the Globe, to put it in a shape
by which we shall increase the pay as a tempo-
rary expedient lasting for the present year, and
we can in future adopt a system which conven-
ience, economy, and the public necessity will de-
mand or require.
I shall bo opposed to this movement of distrib-
uting the Globe or giving to every new member
ail the back sets, i think it would not be justifi-
able, and although I am not more subject to tho
opinion of the country than any one else, I should
hesitate a good while before I would give a vote
of this kind under the circumstances.
Mr. CONNESS. In regard to whether back
