1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
38th CoM,... 1st Sess'.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect from the day of its passage.
Approved, June 17, 1864.
Chap. CXXXIII.—An Act to grantthe Rightof
Preemption to certain Settlers on the Rancho
Bolsa de Tomales, in the State of California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That it may ana shall be lawful for the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to cause
the lines of the public surveys to be. extended
over the tract of country known as the Rancho
Bolsa de Tomales, in Marin county, California,
the claim to which, by James D. Galbraith, has
been adjudged invalid by the Supreme Court of
the United States, and to have approved plats
thereof duly returned to the proper district land
office: Provided, That the actual cost of such sur-
vey and platting shall first be paid into the sur-
veying fund by settlers, according to the require-
ments of the tenth scction of the act of Congress
approved thirtieth of May, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, " to reduce the expenses of the survey
and sale of the publiciands in theUnited States."
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That after
the return of such approved plats to the district
office, it may and shall be lawful for individuals,
settlers upon the said Rancho Bolsa de Tomales,
to enter, according to the lines of the public sur-
veys, at one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre,
the land settled upon by them to the extent to
which the same had been rcduced to possession
at the time of said ad judication of said Supreme
Court, joint entries being admissible by coterm-
inous proprietors, in order that their respective
boundaries may be adjusted in'accordance with
their several possessions.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, Thatall claims
within the purview of this act shall be presented
to the register and receiver within twelvemonths
after the return of such surveys to the district land
olficc, accompanied by proof of settlement, and
the extent to which the tracts claimed had been
reduced into possession at the time of said adju-
dication; and thereupon each case shall be ad-
judged by the register and receiver, under such in-
structions as shall be given by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, to whom the proof
and adjudication shall be reforned by the local
land office, and no adjudication shall be final until
confirmed by the said Commissioner: Provided,
That the confirmation by said Commissioner shall
be conclusivc and final between coterminous pro-
prietors, and the correctness thereof"shall not be
open to contestation in any action at law or suit
in equity between them or between parties claim-
ing under them by title subsequent: And provided
further, That any claim not brought before the
register and receiver within twelve months, as
aforesaid, shall be barred, and the lands covered
thereby, with any other tracts within the limits of
said rancho, the titles to which are not established
under this act, shall be dealt with as other public
lands, but subject to the adjudicated boundaries
of the claims which are presented within the limit
of the time prescribed as aforesaid: Provided,
That no person under the provisions of this act
shall be allowed to enter a greater quantity of land
than three hundred and twenty acres.
Approved, June 17, 1864.
Chap. CXXXIV.—An Act extendingthe Time
for the completion of the Marquette and Onton-
agon Railroad, of the State of Michigan.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America hi Congress
assembled, That the time limited for the completion
of the Marquette and Ontonagon railroad, of the
State of Michigan, be, and the same is hereby,
extended for the term offive years beyond the time
fixed for its completion by the act of Congress of
June third, A. D. eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
entitled "An act making a grant of alternate sec-
tions of the public lands to the State of Michigan
to aid in the construction of certain railroads in
said State, and for other purposes:" Provided,
That the State of Michigan shall have the same
control over the said grant of lands hereby ex-
tended for five years, for the benefit of said rail-
road, which was given to said State -under said
original act of Congress; and said State may pre-
scribe the time within which the several sections
of said road shall be completed.
Approved, June 18, 1864.
Chap. CXXXV.—An Act to amend an Actenti-
tled "An Act to enable the People of Colorado
to form a Constitution and State Government,
and for the Admission of such State into the
Union on an equal Footing with the original
States."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of the fifth section of the
act to which this act is an amendment as provides
by ordinance for submitting the constitution to
the people of said State for their ratification or re-
jection, at an election to be held on the second
Tuesday of October, be so amended as to read,
on the second Tuesday in September, and that the
election, for the purposes aforesaid, be held on
that day, instead of the second-Tuesday in Oc-
tober.
Approved, June 18, 1864.
Chap. CXXXV1.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Consular and Diplomatic Expenses
of the Government for the yearending thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, namely:
For salaries ofenvoysextraordinary,"ministers,
and commissioners of the United States at Great
Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, Spuin, Austria,
Brazil, Mexico, China, Italy, Chili, Peru, Por-
tugal, Switzerland, Rome, Belgium, Holland,
Denmark, Sweden, Turkey, New Grenada, Boli-
via, Ecuador, Venezuela, Guatemala, Nicaragua,
Sand wich Islands, Costa Rica, Honduras, Argen-
tine Confederation, Paraguay, Japan,and Salva-
dor, three hundred and eight thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For salaries of secretaries of legation, thirty
thousand dollars.
For salaries of assistant secretaries of legation
at London and Paris, three thousand dollars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation to
China, five thousand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation to Tur-
key, acting as interpreter, three thousand dollars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation to
Japan, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, sixty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses offoreign intercourse,
eighty thousand dollars.
For expenses of intercourse with the Barbary
Powers, three thousand dollars.
For expenses of the consulates in the Turk-
ish dominions, namely, interpreters, guards, and
other expenses of the consulates at Constanti-
nople, Smyrna, Candia, Alexandria, and Beirut,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the relief and protection of American sea-
men in foreign countries, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For the contribution of the United States to the
completion of a new cemetery at Constantinople,
to receive the remains of American citizens trans-
ferred from an old burial-place, and alsoasaplace
for future interments, eighteen hundred dollars.
For expenses which may be incurred in ac-
knowledging the services of the mastersand crews
of foreign vessels in rescuing citizens of the United
States from shipwreck, five thousand dollars.
For the purchase of blank-books, stationery,
book-cases, arms of the* United States, seals,
presses, and flags, and for the payment of post-
ages, and miscellaneous expenses of the consuls
of the United States, including loss by exchange,
sixty thousand dollars.
For office rent for those consuls general, coji*v
suls, and commercial agents who are not allowed
to trade, including loss by exchange thereon, fifty
thousand dollars. * ; ,t.„
For salaries of consuls general, consuls, com-
mercial agents, and thirteen consular clerks,
namely:
i. consulates general;
Schedule B.
Alexandria, Calcutta, Constantinople, Frank-
fort-on-the-Main, Havana, Montreal, Shanghai^
and the consul general at Alexandria shall havfc
the name ahd title of agent and consul general.
iii. consulates.
Schedule B.
Acapulco, Aix-la-Chapelle, Algiers, Amoy,
Amsterdam, Antwerp, Aspinwail, Aux Cayes,
Bahia, Barcelona, Bankok, Basle, Belfast, Beirut,
Bergen, Burmuda? [Bermuda,] Bilbao, Buenos
Ayres,Bordeaux,Bremen, Bristol, Brindisi, Bou-
logne, Cadiz, Callao, Candia, Canton, Cardiff,
Chin-Kiang, Clifton, Coaticook, Cork,Cura§oa,
Demarara, Dundee, Elsinore, Erie, Foo-Choo,-
Funchal, Galatz, Gasp^ Basin, Oeneva, Genoa,
Gibraltar, Glasgow, Goderich, Gottenburg, Gu-
aymas, Halifax, Hamburg, Havre, Honolulu,
Hong-Kong, Jerusalem, Kanagawa, Kingston,.
Kingston in Canada, La Rochelle, Laguayra, La-
haina, La Paz, LaUnioftg Leeds, Leghorn, Leip-
sic, Lisbon, LiverpooH^ondon, Lyons, Macao,
Malaga, Malta, Manchester, Manzanillo, Mara-
caibo, Matanzas, Marseilles, Mauritius, Mel-
bourne, Messina, Moscow, Munich, Nagasaki,
Nantes, Naples, Nassau, W. I., Newcastle, Nice,
Odessa, Oporto, Palermo, Panama, Paramaribo,
Paris, Pernambuco, Pictou, Ponce,Port Mahon,
Prescott, Prince Edward Island, Gluebec, Revel,
Rio de Janeiro, Rotterdam, San Juan del Sur,
San Juan, (Porto Rico,) Santander, Santiago de
Cuba, Santos, Port Sarnia, Scio, Singapore,
Smyrna, Southampton, Stockholm, St. John,N.
F.,St. John,N.B.,St.LambertandLonguieul',Sfc.
Petersburg, St. Pierre, (Martinique,) St. Thom-
as, Stuttgardt, Swatow, St. Helena, Tabasco,-
Tampico, Tangier, Tehauntepec, [Tehuantepec,]
Toronto, Trieste, Trinidad de Cuba, Trinidad,-
Tripoli, Tunis, Turk's Island, Valparaiso, V&-
lencia, Venice, Vera Cruz, Vienna, Windsor,
Zurich.
iv. commercial agencies.
Schedule B.
Amoor River, Antigua, Balize, (Honduras,)
Gaboon, Madagascar, San Juan del Norte, St..
Domingo, St. Marc.
v.consulates.
Schedule C.
Barbadoes,Batavia, Bay of Islands, Cape Hay-
tien, Cape Town, Carthagena, Ceylop, Cobija.,,
Cyprus, Faulkland Islands, Fayal, Guayaquil,
Lanthala, Maranham,Matam'ora"&, Mexico, Mon-
tevideo, Omoa, Payta, Para, Paso del Norte, Rio
Grande, Sabanilla, St. Catherine, Santa Cruz,
W. I., Santiago, (Cape Verde,) Spezzia, Stettin,
Tahiti, Talcahuano, Tumbez, Zanzibar.
vi. commercial agencies.
Schedule CL
Apia, St. Paul de Loando, including loss by
exchange thereon, four hundred and seventy-
seven thousand five hundred dollars. And the
salaries of the consuls at Brindisi, Gibraltar, St.
Helena, Boulogne, Zurich, Clifton, Coaticook,
Erie, Goderich, Kingston in Canada, Port Sarnia,
Prescott, St. Lambert and Longuieul, Toronto
and Windsor, shall be fifteen hundred dollars
each; and the salaries of the consuls at Ceylon and
Piraeus shall be one thousand dollars each; and
the salary of the consul at Chin-Kiang shall be
three thousand dollars; and the salary of the con-;
sul at Bankok shall be two thousand dollars; and
the salary of the commercial agent at Madagas-
car shall be two thousand dollars; and the salary
of the consul at Nassau shall be four thousand
dollars, to commence after the close of the present
fiscal year, and to continue during the present
rebellion; and the salary of the consul at Lyons
shall bo two thousand dollars, to-commence after
the close of the present fiscal year; and the salary
of the consul at Manchester shall be three thou-
