2786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
of either body, if he has not at the time when he
is a member a complete set of the G-lobe, is to be
furnished with a complete set: I had the honor
lo be a member of Congress in 1845, and con-
tinued until 1849, four years. Several members
of the Senate are here for the second term; it is
certainly true of the House of Representatives;
but there is not a member of Congress 1 think in
aither body, and there never will be in any future
Congress, who has a complete set of the Globe.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I have one.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have one also.
Mr. JOHNSON. For what time? Because
you have been continously a member.
Mr, SUMNER. 1 have one from the begin-
ning.
Mr. PESSENDEN. When I first came into
tile Senate they were furnished under the law.
Mr. JOHNSON. How were they furnished?
Those who have been furnished of course would
not receive them, but those who have not been
furnished with a full set are to be furnished under
this resolution; arid I do not know how many
copies will be called for from time to time. X
rathor think that the immediate draft upon the
Treasury will be some eighty or one hundred
thousand dollars.
Air. TRUMBULL. All members were fur-
nished with them until 1854.
Mr. ANTHONY, J can give the Senator from
Maryland the exact figures.
Mr. TRUMHULL. Since 1854-55 only the
current numbers have been furnished; but all who
were members of Congres prior to 1854 had a
full set up to that time.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I did not look after
my interest, tor I did not get mine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Every now member on
entering Congress got the back set up to that
time; but when we passed the new compensation
law in 1855-56 that was cut off; but the members
of the House of l&presentatives got them until
1856. They passed a resolution to that effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 beg the Senator's pardon.
I was u nirnijici of tluit Con^re.ss. 1 e.une hen1
ill Jb55, and we did not get them fur that Oon-
giess. The last Congre.sc! that leeuived the full
wi-'Ls of the Congressional Globe and documents
was the Thiity-Kourtli Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
is a little mistaken. The House of Representa-
tives passed a resolution to furnish themselves,
and they coupled with that resolution a provision
that they should be deposited in libraries and in
public institutions. The Senate refused to agree
to it. I recollect the controveisy between the
two Houses vary well; but it was carried out in
regard to the House of Representatives, and put
on an appropriation bill, 1 believe.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 beg the Senator's pardon.
1 was a member of that Congress, and, though I
should have liked very well to get the books, 1
never got them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You received th em. Not
for vouiself but for public Ulnaues.
Mr. WILSON, i understand that a portion of
the members of that Congu\s« did get thorn, but
the mutter was* htf>jijm'c! in Home way. Then; waa
a difficulty nbout it; but I knowth.U some rncni-
bei s of lho House of Rrpreselituti vex did get them.
Mr. JOHNSON. My object m what I have
said, if 1 may be permitted to state it now, was
to move the postponement of tins bill until the
Senate should be full.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to its
postponement if it is desired; but as it is a mat-
ter which relates to the business of the Senate,
if it is to by postponed 1 should like to have it
made a special order, if the Senator who has charge
of the financial bills will consent to it.
Mr. PEijSENDEN. J have no objection, pro-
vided it does not come in the way of my bilis.
Mr. WILSON. Say Friday next.
Mr. ANTHONY. We!l,l will say Friday
next at half past twelve o'clock. But before that
motion is put i wish to answer the Senator from
Maiyiand. '1 hero is no doubt about what the
cost of tin -5 tS going to be. The Senate can adopt
either proposition. Ot course the compensation
lor the Globe in hi some degree uncertain, because
we do not know piecisoly how long the debates
will be or how voluminous the reports will be;
but the pay of the Globe is predicated upon three
thousand pagoa toi a long and fifteen hundred
pages for a short session. If the Globe exceeds
that number of pages, there is to be an allowance
of one cent for every five pages additional. That
of course is a somewhat uncertain element of the
cost.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was repealed.
- Mr. ANTHONY. But in this bill it is pro-
posed to be reestablished. That was a part of
the original contract. Now take for illustration
the last Congress, the debates of which were pretty
voluminot^s. The cost of the Globe was $166,570.
Fifty per cent, additional to that would he $83,285.
The back volumes of the Globe for both Houses
will cost $47,120, and adding to that the excess
of one cent for every five pages, $42,000, it will
make altogether*$98,544, showing a difference of
$15,000 between the two propositions.
Mr. WILSON. I understand the Senator to
say that the sets will cost about two hundred and
fifty dollars apiece. If that be so, I think if we
amend the first resolution so as to provide " that
a copy shall be purchased for each congresssional
district and one for each Territory," that then
they will cost about the same that it would to add
this eighty-four or eighty-five thousand dollars
every Congress. I think the cost of furnishing
them to hbiarios in that way would be a little short
of eighty-four thousand dollars. Then let the
delegate and the member designate to wliatlibrary
they shall go m those districts. I am willing to
vote for such a proposition as that. I am willing
that at every Congress we shall vote a copy of the
Congressional Globe for every representative dis-
trict and every delegate district, to go into such
hbiary as the member may designate in that dis-
trict.
But, sir, for one, I am opposed to returning to
this system which was odious in the country,
which led to great corruption here as everybody
knows who was here at that time, and which was
condemned by the country and condemned by
Congress. 1 hope we shall not resort to it. lain
willing to agree to this proposition if it shall be
amended so as to require the Clerk of the House
of Representatives to furnish each representative
and delegate district reptesented in the present
and succeeding Congresses, one complete set of
the Globe and Appendix, to be placed in some
library to bedesignated by the Representative and
Delegate of each representative and delegate dis-
trict, or something to that effect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have now before me the
deficiency bill of the 3d March, 1857, and the
Senator from Ohio will now see that 1 was cor-
rect in my statement:
" To indemnify the Clerk for sucli fuutks as lie may have
expended lor hooks, undei losohmon ot' the House of R<jp-
u:s5i>nt:iUv<s ot'June 11, 18,">6, and to enable hnn tinder
saul resolution to t'unu-h loi each menibei and delegate of
the fJou e of KoptesciiUtives who hub not hoietolore ic-
ccived the same the following enumerated books,namely :
Gales St Scaton's Ke^terot Deludes, Congresta<mal Globe
and Appendix, l'nbhe Land Iisuv<, In«tiuetioussandOpin-
ions Elliot's DcbaU'fj Diplomatic Coiro^pondenee. Opin-
ions of the Attorneys Geneial, m five volumes, Finance
itepoi t?>, Gale-' & Sruton's Annals of Conjjrey$,Jolm Adunis's
woiKh, ."li'liriMmN work**, to bo Mtpplicd fiom the number
of said woik now in cbar« e ol the Inhuman, Mickey's Con-
stitution, and Mayo &MoultonN IViwion and Hunnty Land
Laws, ot so nuieh tlunuof may be nccessaiy,
i-. hfivljy .ipjiioptiHted out of any money m the Treasuiy
not otlieru i.se appiopi tatcd."
That was passed on the 3d of March, 1857.
The Clerk of the [louse of Representatives under
a resolution of the [louse furnished a number of
the members with the books, and then an appro-
ptiahon was made by Oongiess to enable him to
furnish the whole of them.
Mi. SHERMAN. Were nut those distributed
to binaries?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly; but they were
distributed under the direction of the member.
The members were required to distribute them.
I so stated before. They were furnished to each
member.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only know that I never
got mine.
iVJ r. TRUMBULL. There is a proviso requir-
ing them to be dismbuted among libraries, and I
piesume the Senator fiom Ohio carried out the
tequiroment of the law and distributed his in
some library. The proviso is in these words:
"Provided, They be furnished at puces not exceeding
tho.se for which they weie iieretoioie supplied: slnd pro-
vided also, That i-.ud books Iv loivyarucd by the Cleifc to
such public libraiy in the district of each of said members
and delegates as may be designated by said member or
delegate."
I do not know how faithfully that was carried
out; but I suppose it was carried out according
to its terms. They were furnished to each Rep-
resentative and Delegate, I think, of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, and this was the appropriation
to pay for them.
^ Mr. SHERMAN. I now remember the cir-
cumstance since it has been recalled to my mind.
The Thirty-Fourth Congress, previous to the
passage of the compensation act, passed the usual
order for books for new members, and the Clerk
had got some copies and it was said gave them to
favored members before the repeal of the resolu-
tion by the compensation act. Seven or eight
members got them. Subsequently, in the next
Congress, this resolution was passed to .authorize
them to be distributed among the public libraries.
The set allotted to me is now in one of the libra-
ries in my district. I have never seen them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands that the motion is to postpone the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will assent to the motion
to postpone it if it can be made the special order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not act upon it
now ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Senators desire to have it
postponed for further consideration.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to making any
special orders in the morning hour without the
vote of two thirds of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the objection, and for this reason: this
is a matter which concerns the business of the
Senate; it is almost a privileged question, I think;
a matter which concerns our organization and
the mode of transacting business, and there is no
way of reaching it, unless we make it a special
order.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to
making it a special order if it is not made a spe-
cial order in the mornin0, hour.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from
Maine allow us to make it a special order for one
o'clock? It is no use undertakinganything with-
out his consent, and I am not going to place my-
self in the position of a rebel. I will ask his as-
sent in the first place to allow us to make this bill
the special order for one o'clock on Friday next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will make no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Maine
assents, and I therefore make that motion, that the
bill be made the special order for Friday next at
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had disagreed to
the report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(II. R. No. 40) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th June, 18G5, asked
a further conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
James F. Wil&on of Iowa, Mr. Godloye S.
Orth of Indiana, and Mr. Robert Mallort of
Kentucky, managers at the same on ita part.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a joint, resolution
(No. 45) to enable the Secretary of theTreasury
to obtain the title to certain property in Carson
City and Territory of Nevada, for the purposes
of a branch mint located in said place; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
preedmen's bureau.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that motion is put,
with the consent of my colleague, I will ask the
Senate to take up the bill winch 1 moved to take
up last night, that it may be in order for one
o'clock to-morrow. It is House bill No. 51, to
establish a Freedmen's Bureau. I want to have
it disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
other Senator from Massachusetts withdraw his
motion ?
Mr. SUMNER, He will for a moment to en-
able me to make this motion.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
