264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
ten-million souls,-from their breasts with bayo-
nets? Nothing shortof the total annihilation and
banishment of the population of the South will
answer any purpose for which the wat* can be
prosecuted. If you leave the work half done, if
you but smother instead of put out the flames,
they will break out again with redoubled fury.
How shall we extinguish the flames and rescue
the superstructure from the devouring element?
By adding fuel to.thc fire? No; By tearing-down
the* building? No. How then? By extinguish-
ing the flames, repairing the structure, and leav-
ing-the occupant in its full enjoyment just as he
was before the casualty. Make peace, repair the
injuries inflicted by the war, and restore all the
States to the Union just as they were before the
.war began, with all their rights unimpaired, ex-
cept so far as the ravages of war may have made
that impossible.
But I may be asked, how would you make
peace? 1 answer, by reconciling the differences
of opinion, that conflict of principle which is the
sole cause of the war, by fair, honorable, just, and
reasonable concessions, not, in the euphoniofis
language of the gentleman of Kentucky, by meet-
ing it, lighting it, and crushing it. i differ with
him in the conclusion that this is the whole sum
of our moral, social, and political duties. That
is the voice of passion, and not the language of
rc'ason. It is the sentiment that bums churches
and convents, whips Ctuakcrs, inspires the hor-
rors of the inquisition, and which has reddened
the pages of history with the shed blood of the
martyrs, saints, and heroes of all ages. I had
cherished the hope that the progress of Christian-
ity and the march of an enlightened civilization
had carried us beyond this point. You may kill
the hcroic and true men of the South—I mean
those who will not surrender their principles and
what they conceive to bo their honor but with
their lives. You may make hypocrites and dis-
semblers of all the rest for a time, but the God
in man, struggling ever for themastery, will ulti-
mately assert His supremacy. Your woilc can
never be accomplished until you transplant the
principles of the Puritan in the very heart of the
Cavalier, of the New Englander in the Carolinian,
a task which the conflicts of centuries have so far
failed from accomplishing that they have but
served to widen the •broach and make the line of
demarkation more palpable and distinct. That
tlie South are terribly in earnest, that they are
honest in theirconvictions, that they felt and now
feci a conscious sense of insecurity m the posses-
sion and enjoyment of what they conceive to be
their reserved and constitutional rights, the great
sacrifices they have made and arc continually
making does not permit me to doubt.
Here I might, with great propriety, quote the
language of Douglas, a statesman worthy of the
best days of the Republic, a patriot whose sym-
pathies were ever m accordance with the true
wpiiit of our institutions, and whose love of coun-
try would not permit him to survive its wreck and
ruin. Hear him:
<( When there is Mich an irrepressible discontent pei will-
ing ten millions of people, penetrating the boM>m of eveiy
man, woman, and child, .ind in thou estimation involving
everything that is valuable and dear on eaitli, Is It not time
to puuno and reflect whether there is not <onie. entire, real
or imaginary, for apprehension? It'there be a ju*t cause
foi it, in God'.s name, ui the name of humanity and civil-
ization, let it ho removed. Will we not be guilty, m the
sight of Heaven and posterity, if we do not lemove all just
cause before proceeding to extremities ? It on the eontraiy
there be no real foundation loi these appiehen^ions; if it
be all a mistake, and yet they, believing it to be a solemn
leality, are determined to act on that belief, i& it not equally
our duty to remove the apprehension ? [Ience the obliga-
tion to remove the discontent, whethet ical or imaginary , is.
alike imperative upon ih, if we wish to preserve the peace
of the country and the union of the States.
u It matter* not, so Jar as the peace of the count! y and the
preservation ot the Union aie concerned, whether the appre-
hension* ofthnfcout h:iii people aie well founded ornot,so
long as they believe them, and are determined to act upon
that belief. Extermination, subjugation, or separation, one
of the three, must be the result of \vai between the nouhern
and southern States. Surely you do not expect to exterm-
inate or subjugate ten milium people, the entire population
of one section, as a means of preserving atnicublu iclations
between the two sections!
" I see no alternative, therefore, but a fair compromise,
founded on the bai-is ofmutuai concessions, alike honoi abb-',
just, and beneficial to all parties, or civil war and disunion
u Is there an) flung humiliating in a fair compiomise of
conflicting intei«'>i>, opinions, aud theories, for the sake of
peace, union, and safety ?"
Such is the language of the noble Douglas,
worthy of his great name. If the South entertain
serious apprehensions of danger to their rights
and institutions, no matter whether such appre-
hensions are well founded or not, it is the first
duty of a wise and beneficent Government to rc- :
move their fears and allay their discontents by
any necessary guarantee, if the Government
intends no incroachments upon their rights, and
their fears and apprehensions are unfounded, what
can be lost by their removal ? If, on the contra-
ry, incroachments on their rights endangering
their security in the possession and enjoyment
of their property and threatening the stability of
their institutions are intended, then their fears
and apprehensions are well founded and the Gov-
ernment is under still higher obligation to remove
them. In either case there is nothing to be lost
and everything to be gained by securing the con-
fidence and affections of the people. The confi-
dence of the people is the strength of the Govern-
ment. That Government that cannot command
the confidence of its citizens or subjects, it mat-
ters not what may be its form, will always be the
prey of faction, and must sooner or later fall.
If there over was any room for doubt as to the
objects and purposes of the party in power, of
those who control and direct the war and its pol-
icy, that doubt must now be removed. Their
purposes no longer require concealment. With
a million men already in the land and naval ser-
vice, with all of the available military resources
of the country at their command, with the judi-
cial, legislative, and executive depat tments of all
the State governments prostrate at the feet of the
Executive, who has with the utmost complacency
clothed himself with a " war powet" that disre-
gards nil constraints and overleaps every barrier
of the Constitution, and having reduced all the
northern States to the condition of subject prov-
inces, by the assumption of absolute dominion
over the life, liberty, and property of eveiy citi-
zen, they propose to compensate us foi these sac-
rifices, and for the loss of tluee hundred thousand
of our brothers, by reducing the ten millions in
the South (except the negroes) to the same con-
dition, and governing them in the same way for
untold years and generations, imposing upon them
the like loss of precious blood and countless mil-
lions of treasure. With all becoming respect for
the opinions of others, I must say 1 can see no
good to come of this war to the country. Can
the Union be restored by it? Can the constitu-
tional supiemacy of the Government lie asserted
over the States in ievolt by it? Can any con-
ceivable benefit be conferred upon the people
North or South by it?
The Union cannot be restored either in sem-
blance or form by war. If we should succeed m
overruning the South wilh our arms, and redu-
cing them to a state of subjection by force, we
would be far, very far, from a restoration of the
Union. That would be a Union founded in force,
and not consent, the very opposite of that estab-
lished by the wisdom of our fathers. It would
be the union of England with Ireland, of Poland
with Russia, ofliungaiy wilh Austria, a Union
to he execrated and despised by every true Amer-
ican who breathes that spnit ofpatn'otie. piety that
animated the bosoms of our fathers. It would
be a Union of hate pinned together by bayonets,
a Union which H would cost us our libei tics to
maintain, which could only be preserved by the
unholy trinity of perpetual war, perpetual taxa-
tion, and perpetual conscription. It may in the
estimation of some be disloyal in me to say it,
but I think it, and will therefore say it. 1 have
no heart for such a Union as that; 1 reject it, and
should regard its establishment as the greatest ca-
lamity that ever befell my country except the war
which produced it. It has already cost twenty
million people at the North their liberties in the
cfFoit to establish it, and if it should be established
they will never regain them while it endures.
The President, in his recent message and proc-
lamation sent to Congress, pioclaims that when-
ever oiw? tenth of the number of persons who voted
at the presidential election in 1860 in any of the
revolting States shall concur in the organization
of a State government, and swear to suppoit the
proclamations he has issued and such as he may
hereafter issue, the Federal Government will rec-
ognize such State government, and of course
employ its bayonets to enforce the dccrccs and
edicts of one tenth of the people upon the remain-
ing nine tenths, the one tenth to be composed of
freed negroes, and plundering speculators, who
may be induced to go there for the purpose of
making their fortunes out of confiscated property,
and working freed negroes upon abandoned plant-
ations in the culture of sugar and cotton. How
long does the President expect these plunder-
gorged satraps would remain in the South after
the Army was withdrawn? My opinion is that
they would abdicate their seats of power the very
moment the protection of the Army was with-
held, and they would never be seen there again.
How long will it take the people of the South to
become reconciled to a Government placed over
them under such circumstances ? Certainly not
while giass grows or water runs; nor until the
laws tlmtgovem humanity—which are as pervad-
mgasthe laws of nature—are all reversed, and man
becomes degraded to the condition of the brute.
How long does Mr. Lincoln think that his own
great State of Illinois would submit to such a gov-
ernment as he proposes to set up over the southern
States? Just as long and no longer* than they
could throw it of}'. Just so it is m the South.
Human nature North and South is the same.
Hence Mr. Lincoln's theory involves the neces-
sity of keeping constantly in the field a large
standing army to keep up and enforce the author-
ity of the governments he proposes to set up over
the people in the revolting States. After their
armies are dispersed and their military power
broken, if such should ever be the case, it would
take not less than five hundred thousand men to
enforce thcauthority of a government set up over
ten million people against their consent, which
was repugnant to all their feelings, sentiments,
and principles. They would, like Poland and
Hungary, whenever any great national emergency
oceuired, rise up in revolt and assert their free-
dom and independence. And yet, with all the
ingenuity of the men in power, those who control
the destinies of the nation, they cannot tell us of
any better fruits this war is to bear to us. In the
name of humanity, of justice, and of God Al-
mighty, ought it not to cease? In all that I have
heard of war for the last three years—and it has
been much, scarcely anythingclse—my mind has
not been enlightened by the delineation of any plan
whereby the Union as our fathers made it can be
restored through its agency, and I confess my
utter inability to perceive such a possibility.
The party m power now declarc the impossi-
bility of restoring the Union as it was and the
Constitution as it is through the agency of war.
Then can the supremacy of the Constitution and
the laws be asserted and enforced in the insurrec-
tionary States by it? We have, alas ! for three
long, sail, and bloody years been trying to work
out this problem. In the< fiortat least three hun-
dred thousand of our brave and gallant soldiers
have gone prematurely to fill untimely graves-,
widowed and bereaved Rachels are weeping
around almost every hearthstone in the land, and
refuse to becomfoited because their husbands,
sons, and biothers are not; thousands of millions
of dollars have been expended, and the country
brought to the very verge of bankruptcy, to use
the language of the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Spaldivg,] and yet not a single law
has been enforced in a single revolting State, while
the supremacy of the Constitution and the majes-
ty of the law have been set at naught in every loyal
State; dium-head courts-martial, with leather-
head judge advocates have become the arbiters of
the life, libei ty ,and property of the citizen, and yet
after all these sacrifices we have made no progiess
in the enforcement of the Constitution and laws.
On the contrary we are further from it than when
■ we began. The entire population of the South,
men, women, and children, are united in one solid
mass in their resistance to us. Such have been
the results of your policy in the prosecution of
the war. The supremacy of the confederate con-
stitution within the confederate States is just as
complete as that of the United States is in the
loyal States. While the war continues it is im-
possible in the very nature of things for us to
enforce laws in the rcvoltingStates. We are with-
out courts, juries, marshals, and all of the ordi-
ary processes of the law are obstructed. Will it
be any better if a government is set up over those
people by force, against their will, repugnant to
the feelings and principles of the great mass of
the population? It will constantly require a large
standing army as a posse comitatus to preserve'
