182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 20,
38th Com.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
sand dollars, to commence after the close of the
present fiscal year.
For interpreters to the consulates in China,
including loss by exchange thereon, five thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For expenses incurred, under instructions from
the Secretary of State, in bringing home from for-
eign countries persons charged with crime, and
expenses incident thereto, ten thousand dollars.
For salaries of the marshals for the consular
courts in Japan, China, Siam, and Turkey, in-
cluding loss by exchange thereon, nine thousand
dollars.
For rent of prisons,for American convicts in
Japan, China, Siam, and Turkey, and for wages
of the keepers of the same, nine thousand dollars.
Forsalaries of commissioners and consuls gen-
eral to Hayti and Liberia, eleven thousand five
hundred dollars.
For expenses under the act of Congress to carry
into effect the treaty between the United States and
her Britannic Majesty for the suppression of the
African slave trade, seventeen thousand dollars.
Sec . 2. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident be, and is hereby, authorized, whenever
he shall think the public good will be promoted
thereby, to appoint consular clerks, not exceed-
ing thirteen m number at any one time, who shall
be citizens oi the United States, and over eighteen
years of age at the time of their appointment, and
shall be entitled to compensation for their ser-
vices respectively at a ratdii-iot exceeding one thou-
sand dollars per annum, to be determined by the
President; and to assign such clerks, from time
to time, to such consulates and with such duties
ns he shall direct; and before the appointment of
any such clerk shall be made, it shall be satisfac-
torily shown to the Secretary of State, after due
examination and report by an examining board,
that the applicant is qualified and fit for the duties
to which he shall be assigned; and such report
shall be laid before the President. And no clerk
so appointed shall be removed from office except
for cause stated in writing, which shall be sub-
mitted to Congress at the session first following
such removal. "
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That the third
section of an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty," ap-
proved March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine, is hereby repealed. And the fee for certify-
ing invoices to be charged by the consul general
for the British North American provinces, and
his subordinate consular officers and agents, for
goods not exceeding one hundred dollars in value,
shall be one dollar, and the same fee shall be
charged for certifying the growth or production of
goods made duty free by the reciprocity treaty:
Provided, however, That no such certificate of
growth or production shall be required for goods
not exceeding in value the sum of two hundred
dollurs.
Sec, 4. Andbe it further enacted, That the office
of commercial agent at Ha kodadi, Japan, may, at
the discretion of the Secretary of State, be changed
to that of consul, to be classed with consuls other
than those named in,schedule B and C in the act
approved Augusteighteen, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six.
Approved, June 20, 18Gi.
Chap.CXXXVII.—An Act granting Lands to
the State of Michigan for the Construction of
certain Wagon Roads for Military and Postal
Purposes. m J
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ihme of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Confess
assembled, That there be, and hereby is, granted
to the 'State of Michigan, for the coLtnSof
a wagon road for military and postal purposes,
from Saginaw City, in snid State, by the shortest
and most feasible route to the Straits of Mackinaw
every alternate or odd section of public land not
mineral, for three miles in width on eacli side of
Ba.id road to the extent of three sections to the
S f' a r°rJroati from Grand Rapids, in said
fctate, through Newaygo, Traverse City, and Lit-
Me Traverse, to the Straits of Mackinaw, every
alternate or odd section of public land, not min-
eral, for three sections in width on each side of
said road to the extent of three sections to the
mile. And it is hereby provided that in case it
shall appear that the United States shall have
(when the lines or routes of said roads are defi-
nitely established) sold or reserved any sections
or parts of sections, granted as aforesaid, or that
the rights of preemption or homestead have at-
tached to the same, so as to leave a deficiency in
theamount to be selected within the limits desig-
nated, then it shall be the duty of the Secretary of
the Interior to select such lands from the odd
sections, or parts of sections, nearest to the three-
mile limits aforesaid, such quantity as shall be
necessary to make up the deficiency thus created:
Provided further, That the lands hereby granted
shall be exclusively reserved, held, and applied in
the construction of said roads, and shall be appro-
priated and disposed of only as the work pro-
gresses, in quantities and under such regulations
and restrictions as the State shall provide; and in
no event shall they be appropriated ordisposed of
for any other purpose whatsoever.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any and
all lands heretofore reserved to the United States
by any act of Congress, or in any other manner
by competent authority, for any public work, or
for any other purpose whatsoever, be, and the
same are hereby, reserved to the United States
from the operation of this act, except so far as it
may be necessary to locate the routes of said roads
through such reserved lands; in which case the
rights of way shall be, and are hereby, granted
subject to the approval of the President of the
United States.
Sec . 3. And be it further enacted, That said roads
shall be located, surveyed, and constructed, under
the direction of such agents or commissioners as
the Governor may appoint, and shall be chopped
outa uniform width ofat least six rods. Theioad-
bed proper to be not less than thirty-two feet wide,
and constructed with ample ditches on both sides,
so as to afford sufficient drains, with good and sub-
stantial bridges and proper culverts and., sluices
where necessary. All stumps and roots to be thor-
oughly grubbed out between the ditches the entire
length of said road, the central portion of which
to be sufficiently raised to afford a dry road-bed
by means of drainage from the center to the side
ditches; the hills to be leveled and valleys raised
so as to make as easy a grade as practicable.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That when
the Governor of the State of Michigan shall fur-
nish the Secretary of the Interior with maps and
charts showing the definite location of the line
of each of said roads, it shall be his duty to have
the land granted to each of said roads withheld
from market, and reserved exclusively for thepur-
poses aforesaid. And when the said Governor
shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior that
any ten consecutive miles of either of said roads
"have been completed under the provisions of this
act, and in accordance with the third section there-
of, stating definitely where skid completed section
of road commences and where it terminates, it
shall be the duty of the said Secretary to cause
patents to issue to said State for three sections of
land for each mile of road thuscompleted,as afore-
said, and so on until the whole of said roads is
completed: Provided, That no patents shall be
given for any of the aforesaid lands before the
completion of ten consecutive milesof road, or for
any road, or for any part of any road, made be-
fore the passage of . this act, or for any greater
quantity than thirty scetion3 for each ten miles
completed according to the provisionsof this act.
Nothing in this proviso, however, shall be con-
strued so as to prevent the application of so much
of the said three sections per mile as may be neces-
sary to finish any part of said roads partly made
before the passage of this act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That this grant
is made upon the express conditions that the roads
shall be and lemaih public highways, free from
all toll and other charges; and that if any portion
of said roads shall remain uncompleted fora period
of more than five years from the approval of this
act by the President, the lands granted for such
portion shall revert to the United States.
Approved, June 20, 1864.
Chap. CXXXVI1I.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to provide for the Payment of
the Claims of Peruvian Citizens,under the Con-
vention between the United States and Peru of
the twelfth of January, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three,"approved Junefirst, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the act entitled "An act to provide
for the payment of the claims of Peruvian citizens,
under the convention between the United States
and Peru, of the twelfth of January, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, approved June first, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-four," be amended as fol-
lows: after the word January strike out the word
last, and insert in lieu thereof the words eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, and said law be, and is
hereby, further amended so as to authorize the
Secretary of State to pay to each of the persons
mentioned in said act the interest that may be
found due in accordance with the terms of the set-
tlement of said claims, and the sum necessary for
such payment is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Approved, June 20, 1864.
Chap. CXXXIX.—An Act requiring Proof of
Paymentof Duties on foreign Salt before Pay-
ment of the Allowances provided for by the Acts
of July twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and
thirteen, and March third, eighteen hundred
and nineteen.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the allowance of bounty to certain
vessels employed in the Bank and other cod fish-
eries, as provided for in the act of July twenty-
ninth, eighteen hundred and thirteen, entitled "An
act laying a duty on imported salt, granting a
bounty on pickled fish exported, and allowances
to certain vessels employed in the fisheries," and
the actofMarch third,eighteen hundred and nine-
teen, amendatory thereof, shall not hereafter be
paid to any such vessel until satisfactory proof
shall have been furnished to the collector of cus-
toms charged with the payment of such bounty,
that the import duty imposed by law on foreign
salt imported into the United States has been duly
paid on all foreign salt used in curing the fish on
which the claim to the allowance of bounty is
based.
Approved, June 20, 1864.
Chap. CXL.—An Act to authorize the Secretary
of theTreasury to sell the Marine Hospital and
Grounds at Chicago, Illinois, and to purchase
a new Site and build a new Hospital.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized, in his discretion, to sell the
marine hospital and grounds at Chicago, Illinois,
the sale to be made at public auction to the high-
est and best bidder therefor, in ready money, after
giving notice thereof six weeks in succession in
two daily papers printed in the city of Chicago.
And upo'n sale being made, as aforesaid, the said
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and empowered to make, execute, and deliver to
the purchaser thereof a good and sufficient deed
for the premises, conveying all the right, title, and
interest of the United States.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That out of the
proceeds of the said sale the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby directed to purchase a new and
more eligible site for a marine hospital in or near
Chicago, and erect a new hospital thereon, which
site and buildingshall in no eventcost more than
the amount received from the sale of the hospital
and grounds which are hereby authorized to be
sold; and it is hereby provided that the possession
of the said hospital and grounds shall be retained
by the United States until the new hospital to be
built under the provisions of this act shall be fully
completed and ready for use.
Approved, June 20, 1864.
