THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the public peace, am! enforce laws upon so large
a body of-unwilling people, expounded by im-
ported judges, and enforced by imported mar-
shals, backed up by an imported posse comitates.
The effort, tlien, to enforce the Constitution and
laws of the United States upon the confederate
States by making war upon them must ever prove
unavailing and abortive. It ought, therefore, to
be abandoned.
I have now shown, at least to my own satisfac-
tion if to nobody else, that war cannot restore the
Union, maintain the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion, and enforce the laws in the revolting States;
that the subjugation of those States and the"hold-
ing and governing of them as subject provinces
would involve the loss of our own liberties, require
a large standing army, oppressive taxation,and a
system of forced conscription revolting to a free
people, utterly at war with the fundamental law
of the land, and subversive of the principles upon
which the Union of the States is founded. Then
shall we wage a war against the confederate States
with the view and for the purpose of annihilating
and driving into banishment their entire white
population? Such a war would be revolting to
the moral sense of the civilized world and shock-
ing to humanity, and yet right here the real issue
of the crisis presents itself: peace by conciliation,
concession, and compromise, or war to the full
extent of extermination and ostracism. He who
favors what is termed a " vigorous prosecution
of the war," opposes all compromise, and stops
short of this point is illogical and'unreasonabie.
There is no point at winch we can halt, putting
compromise out of the question, short of exterm-
ination. Subjugation is impossible, for,as 1 have
before said, if you leave the work half done, in a
little while you will have more than all of it to do
again, and at a time when we are less able for
the task than now, for the burdens of heavy con-
scriptions and taxation will be a continual draft
upon the vital powers of the body-politic, thus,
in the interim, weakening our energies for the re-
newal of the inevitable struggle, and perhaps dis-
posing the temper of our people in favor of peace.
We are dealing with a proud and stubborn peo-
ple, Americans all of them, proud of their history,
their traditions, and their race, as they may well
be; devoted in the last degree to that spirit of
independence which our institutions are so well
calculated to inspire, they maybe our fellow citi-
zens, butour subjects—never! never! No, never!
You may bury in bloody graves her brave and
gallant sons until resistance shall prove unavail-
ing, you may drive the balance of her people into
banishment, confiscate their estates, and send
them, men, women, and children, all ages, con-
ditions, and sexes, strangers in a strange land,
houseless and homeless wanderers; all this you
may do, and more if possible, but you can never
make them a subject race. I say this not for the
people South alone but for my countrymen, for
my blood, and my race. With these remarks I put
the question of subjugation aside as not only im-
politic but impossible; and repeat that we are im-
paled upon a dilemma that has but two horns, and
we must choose upon which we will throw our-
selves, peace by a compromise of conflicting in-
terests, principles, and opinions, or an extermina-
ting war of the North against the South. We had
just as well prepare our minds to meet this issue,
the sooner the better. Twenty million people pos-
sessed of all the physical and material resources
with which it had pleased God to bicss us may
possibly destroy, sweep from the face of the
earth the six millions of our race and blood in-
habiting the confederate States. I say such a thing
maybe possible; but before entering upon such a
work would it not be wise in us to make some
little calculation of the profit and loss which we
must necessarily incur? A war prosecuted to such
extremities as that cannot be terminated in five,
ten, or even twenty years. The constant draft
upon the energies of the Government would ne-
cessarily compel it to make corresponding requi-
sitions upon the life, blood, and treasure of the
people who would have nothing that it was not
disloyal to call their own; under tins process the
Government would, like an athlete man, grow
stronger by the continual exertion of its strength,
the people grow weak just in proportion as the
Government grows stronger, for the Government
derives all of its powers from the people until they,
when the fullness of time had come, like Samson
i shorn of his lo«.ks and boreftof their power, would
■ become the meic spoil and playthmgof this new
j Delilah.
i Nor would the necessities of the Government
| cease with the war; the burdens of an untold
j amount of national indebtedness and many other
J causes which I will not stop here to enumerate
' will create a necessity for a strong centralized
Government, that its exorbitant demands upon
the fruits of labor may be enforced. The great
conflict between capital and labor is just now being
inaugurated. The Government bonds which rep-
, resent the indebtedness of the country are being
| purchased up by the capitalists of the East at
thirty-five and forty pey cent, below the par of
constitutional currency, and they are receiving
six percent, interest thereon in gold. Our indebt-
edness is now popularly stated at $3,000,000,000,
and is increasing at the rate of more than two
millions per day. All this indebtedness will go
into the hands of capitalists exempt from State,
Federal, or municipal taxation. The result of nil
this is that the product of labor or the laboring
and producing masses of the country will owe
to the capitalist non-producing class an amount
equal to one fourth the value of the entire taxable
property in the United States. The principal
office, then, which your Government will have'
to perform after this war is at end will be to pro-
vide for and enforce payment of these exorbitant
demands of the rich upon the poor, acting simply
the part of a trustee or receiver, wrenching the
money from the fists of one class and emptying
it into the coffers of the other. The people in the
newer and western States have no money to pur-
chase Government bonds with. Our population
is composed of men of moderate means as a gen-
eral thing; they have expended all their available
capital in the purchase and improvement of their
lands, and are now just beginning to acquire an
easy competency. In the State of Connecticut,
having only four hundred and sixty thousand
population, they have more capital than the great
State which I have the honor in part to represent,
having a population of two million three hundred
and forty thousand.
What will be the result of this new state of
things thrust upon us by the war? The estab-
lishment of classes, a peasantry and an aristoc-
racy. The same causes that produced these results
in the Old World will in the New; those causes
now exist among us, and the result must sooner
or later follow. The mutual jealousies of these
classes will for a time, it is to be feared, prove to
be a fruitful source of commotion among us, and
require a strong and vigorous Government to pre-
serve order and enforce the public peace. The vast
area of our territory and our rapidly increasing
population will do much to militate against these
results. The ruin impending our system may be
retrieved and averted by a speedy peace; but if
the war is to be prosecuted to the extremity of
extermination, I can for the life of me see nothing
in it but the utter wreck and overthrow of our
proud fabric of free government, and the erection
upon its rums of an absolute imperial despotism
that may wield Us barren scepter over the waste
and desolate fields of the South, the prostrate
liberties and bleeding forms of freedom at the
North. These results are so certain, so inevitable,
and so apparent, that I cannot believe that the
reflecting, thinking, and reasoning men of the
Republican party intend them. I will do them
the justice to believe that they entertain no such
monstrous ideas and cherish no such hideous
purposes.
They are prosecuting the war, as I believe, not
for the purpose of restoi ing the Union, maintain-
ing the supremacy of the Constitution, nor for
any purpose of subjugation or extermination,
unless subjugation and extermination become
necessary to the accomplishment of the real pur-
poses and objects they have m view, for which
the war was inaugurated, and has ever since been
conducted. That obj  ct and purpose is the abo-
lition of slavery in every State where it exists.
This never has been a war for the Constitution
and the Union, as the popular phrase goes, but it
was inaugurated and has been conducted solely j
and exclusively for the purpose of abolishing sla- :
very, and for no other purpose. There lias not 1
been an hour since the war began, and for some ■
time before, when tiie party in power, those who j
inauguiatfcd and control and direct the policy of i
the war, would have given to.a bleedingdis-
tracted country peace for the-Constitution at«l
the Union. They would not doit now." Waris
the great shibboleth with which they expeet-to
scourge slavery from the land, and r^aintain and
perpetuate their political ascendency. Until these
objects are accomplished they do not intend that
peace, harmony, and union shall prevail. The
measure of the extent to which they will go will
be just what the emergencies that arise in the
progress of events,may require. Should the path
to the object of their desire lead them over the
ruined, shattered, dissevered fra'gmentsof a bro-
ken and dismembered Union,a torn, tattered,dese-
crated Constitution,-and the ruins of a Govern-
ment in which are concentrated all the best hopes
of the patriot for freedom and civilization, not
halting for a moment, they will press forward to
the accomplishment of their wonted object regard-
less of consequcnees, Driven on by the irresistible
impulse of a blind revolutionary zeal, hugging the
delusive phantom of universal emancipation, in-
Spired with the vain hallucination of giving free-
dom to four million slaves, they seem to know
not that they are reducing themselves and more
than twenty-six million of their own race to the
same condition, and sacrificing all the fruit of our
revolutionary struggle.
Let us suppose for a moment that our abolition
friends succeed in the emancipation of 4j.ll the
slaves, what will be the result? Will that restore
peace to a distracted country? Where will you
put them? What will you do with them? Will
they be permitted to remain South among the
people from whom they have been forcibly torn
away? Will they if they desire to continue free
take the chances of being re'enslaved upon the res-
toration of peace by remaining South with their
masters? It certainly cannot be expected that we
will always keep our armies in the South to pre-
vent the masters from recnslaving those who may
have been emancipated by force of arms. We
cannot wage eternal war against these people;
there must be an end of it some time and some
way. Then to make these slaves permanently
free you must before the war closes force them
all out of the slave States to prevent their reen-
slavement when the war is terminated and the
Army withdrawn. To what land will these new-
born children of Israel make-their exodus? Will
itbe to the cold, sterile, and barren regions of New
England, where their population is already suffi-
ciently dense, and where climate, soil, and labor
are all repulsive to the nature and capacities ot
the poor African who has been cradled with his
face exposed to a tropical sun? Would you ex-
pect the untutored African to run the New Eng-
land engines, turn their spindles, or indulge in
the ingenious pastime of making pins, combs, but-
tons, horn gun-flints, and wooden nutmegs? His
brawny fingers and untutored capacities do not
adapt him to such implements.
In the year 1850 the six New England States'
had a white population of 2,705,095, and a col-
ored population of 23,003. In 1860 they had a
white population of 3,110,572, and a colored pop-
ulation of 24,711, showing an increase of colored
population in ten years of 1,708. In 1850 the
State of Ohio, a comparatively young State, with
a white population of 1,955,050, had a colored
population of 25,279; and in 1860, with a white
population of 2,302,838, she had a colored popu-
lation of 36,673, showing an increase of colored
population in ten years of 11,394; while New
England during the same period shows a gain of
only 1,708. Now there must be some reason for
this state of things.
It is not orcaccount of any hostility of the peo-
ple of the New England States to the colored race.
Far from it. For thirty years, in fact I might say
ever since the African slave tiade was abolished
and they soid their slaves to the South, their pul-
pits, their lectuie-rooms, their theaters, every
forum has resounded with pseans of praise to
the downtrodden African. One would suppose,
taking New England sermons—now called anti-
slavery lectures—and New England liteiatureas
the test, that there was no greater degree of com-
patibility between any two races of the earth than
between the modern New Englander and the'4 free
American of African descent." They do not only
ask liberty but equality with the whi te race for him.
Is it not, then, wondrous strange that with all
theso strong cords and ties of sympathy between.
