1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the military operations and endangering the na-
tional cause?" with one accord they would raise
their voices and say, "No, no, and we despise
and contemn the petty politicians who endeavor
to make capital and trade out of our blood in this
way."
Sir, if there is any occasion to raise the pay of
the soldiers let it be considered carefully and
wisely and reported upon. With all my respect
for the ability of the Senator from Indiana, Ido not
believe that he is wise enough to solve this question
by an amendment of his ownupon an appropria-
tion bill. I do not believe he has the ability; and I
accord to him as much ability as to any single
member of the Senate; no one is able to do it. It
requires careful and deliberate consideration and
action, and therefore I say that it is improper,
grossly improper, to attempt to hang a great ques-
tion of this description, involving such large
amounts of money, on an appropriation bill sit-
uated precisely as this is.
Let me say to my honorable friends who act
with me in this body, that I counsel, with all
respect and all proper humility, I counsel them not
to be frightened when the question of soldiers'
pay is concerned; let not their hearts heat so as
to beat the buttons off their jackets. Meet this
question like statesmen. Thesoldiers in thefield
are men as we are, and many of them better men
than we are. They understand these questions,
and they understand the motives of all these
things. Sir, jf there is a set of men in the world
who have been treated well, have been treated as
well as men could be, watched over with kind-
ness and care, and no expense spared to make
them comfortable, although in the nature ofthings
that care must sometimes fail, it is the soldiers m
the employment of the Government of the United
States who are fighting its battles. Take the sol-
diers from my own State; they are paid acertain
sum per month; they get all the articles necessary
for their own individual support withoutexpense
to themselves; the rise of prices does not affect
them; they are supported in the field with all
that is neccssary to support life at the expense
of the Government; they pay nothing for the
food that they cat; a large proportion of them
have no families at home; they are young men,
almost boys; and in regard to those who have
families, I suppose it is the case in Indiana as it
is in Maine, and I presume it to be so in every State
of the Union, no soldier's family is permitted to
suffer if their condition is known, but they are
looked to and taken care of. And now this cry
about raising the pay of soldiers, without con-
sideration, without stud y, without care, and from
gentlemen, too, who arc denouncingevcry day this
Government as on the eve of bankiuptcy and
unable to support itself and to meet the requisi-
tions upon it, comes with a very singular air.
1 say, therefore, to my friends, our justifica-
tion must be found in our own consciousness of
what is due to the country, and we need have no
fear, and if we have we should throw our fears
to the winds that we shall be misjudged for what
we do upon questions of this importance.
Sir, as my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] has said more than once, the difficulty
which we have to meet is a financial difficulty;
and I beg gentlemen to consider when they bring
these bills in, and to be prepared, when they
move to increase the expenditures of the Govern-
ment by millions, to tell us at the same time how
we are to get the millions. A statesman is not
at liberty to try rash experiments and to make
#rash propositions when he has nothing to pro-
pose by way of meeting the difficulty that may
follow. He has no right to take the benefit of
the proposition and shirk the difficulties that
his proposition may bring upon his country and
upon others. Let him take them both if he takes
one, and not endeavor to avail himself of the one
without taking the consequences with regard to it.
Now, sir, having said this much, I trust gen-
tlemen on this side of the Chamber will justhave
courage to vote this proposition down, and meet
the question when it properly comes before us,
and discuss it with the proper information; but
do not suffer H to be thrust upon this bill in this
way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I have
but very little to add to what I felt it to be my
duty to say to the Senate. The Senator from
California has discussed this as a party question.
I did not know it was such, sir. I did not intro-
duce it as such. I made no party argument in
favor of it. Did the Senator from Massachusetts
early in December introduce this as a party meas-
ure ? Why did the Senator from California not
then say to the Senator from Massachusetts that
he was playing the partisan ? When the Senator
from Massachusetts, who is responsible to the
country, especially because he is the chairman of
the Military Committee, felt it to be his duty to
bring before this body a measure to increase the
pay of the soldiers, the Senator from California
had no partisan appeal to make to him.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. Does the Senator not see
how inopportune it would have been for me to
make any rematks upon a mere announcement
that the Senator was about to introduce a bill?
Can he see no difference between that case and a
proposition submitted here before us for our vote?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The bill introduced by
the Senator from Massachusetts was not only
introduced by him, but was referred to and re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
if I ivcollect correctly. It received the consider-
ation of that committee, and was brought here as
the recommendation of the Military Committee
of this body. Not a word then was said by the
Senator from California that it was a partisan
measure.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not intend that the Sen-
ator and myself shall misundeistand each other.
I said that the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts was never considered in this body.
The proposition of the Senator from Indiana is
now before us. I repeat the question, can the
Senator see no difference?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir, 1 see a differ-
ence. I see :his difference, that the proposition
of the Senator from Massachusetts is brought
before the body and then goes upon the Calendar
and for four or five months receives no attention
fiom the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. That suited me.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The proposition that I
bring before the body now, in connection with an
appropriation bill, must be considered by the
Senate. We have got to say either "yea" or
" nay " to this. But the question which I submit
now to the Senator from California is, if it was
not a partisan movement on the part of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts to bring the proposition
before the Senate, how can it be on my part? Is
it because I do not belong to the same political
party with the Senator from Massachusetts? If
it was statesmanship for him and patriotism for
| him to ask of the Seriate to increase the pay of the
soldiers, I want to know how it is that it shall be
partisanship on my part to urge the same propo-
sition on the Senate ?
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not desire further
to be intenupted, but I will hear the Senatorfrom
California.
Mr, CONNESS. I will say what I have to
say after the Senator is done.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Cali-
fornia has said that this is political fodderforthe
next campaign, using his elegant language. I
have not made it such, sir. I have not desired
that it should be such. I have not in my heart
the desire that any Senator should vote on this
question influenced by partisan feelings. For
myself, I have looked home to my neighbors; I
have seen men leave their families and entei the
Army upon the call of the President; I have seen
them go out when they expected to get thirteen
dollars a month, good thirteen dollars—not nine
dollars, but thirteen dollars—leaving wives and
children at home; and it is not an answer, in my
judgment, on this subject, for the Senator from
Maine to say that they are provided for by their
neighbors at home. it. is not right that we should
pay our soldiers at such a rate as will compel
them to depend upon chanty. I have seen these
soldiers leave thcirfamilics at home,expecting to
be able to send back to them a fair proportion of
thirteen gold dollars, or what was as good as thir-
teen gold dollats. They cannot do it now; they
cannot provide for their families as the Govern-
ment said they should be provided for when they
entered the service; and now, because I wish to
give them what the Go vernrnen t at the commence-
ment of the war said they should have, thirteen
dollars a month in gold or its equivalent, (hiy
proposition is to give them the equivalent of that
pay,) it is said that it is a partisan proposition,
if the Senator wishes to make it a party proposi-
tion, let him do so. That* fault is not with ,me'.
If the Senator from Maine wishes to make'it a
party proposition, let-lum do'so. When he ap-
peals to his side of the Chamber and makes it a
party proposition, he can take all the benefit which
he can derive from it as a party proposition. I
offer it as a Senator representing many thousands
of men now in the field from Indiana. I believe
it to be right, not as a Democratic measure, not
as a Republican measure, but as a right which
the Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman of
the Military Committee, indorsed at an early day
in this session.
Who said that it was a partisan measure to in-
crease the pay of a part of the Army ? Nobody
said then that it was a partisan measure. The
Senator from Maine, when" it was proposed to
increase the pay of the colored soldiers, did not
then say to us that there was no money in the
Treasury, that we were about to break the Treas-
ury down, that the credit of the Government.was
about to fail—not a word of that sort. But now",
when the proposition is that all, without distinc-
tion of color, shall have what the Government
promised the white soldier at the commencement
of the war, the Senator says that the fmances-of
the Government will probably fail; and he says,
in a tone that I do not like, a tone that ought not
to be used in the Senate of equals, that the Sena-
tor from Indiana claimed more wisdom than the
two committees. Did I make such a claim as
that, sir ? Was there anything in the tone of the
aigument that I presented lo the Senate to justify
the Senator from Maine in making that remark?
Nothing, sir. 1 presented my views modestly
but earnestly on the subject. Why, then, does
the Senator wish to say that I claim the wisdom
that belongs to two committees of this body ? He
is not justified in it. I will not reply to him, be-
cause I owe to him the courtesy that is due to an
American Senator, that he claims particular in-
fluence and position in this body, i claim noth-
ing of the sort. I am but a young Senator, here,
in a very small minority, claiming no influence
because of my political position in this body,
claiming nothing because of my position as a Sen-
ator so young in this body; but I do claim the
right to bring befox*e this body any measure that
my judgment and conscience say is right; and I
deny to the Senator from Maine the right to criti-
cise it in the manner lie has done. If the meas-
ure is not right, let him meet the measure; if the
arguments are fallacious, let him meet the argu-
ments; but I have not claimed more wisdom than
the committees to wliitjh he has referred. The
Committee on Military Affairs has recommended
the very proposition that 1 have brought before
the Senate, except that their bill does not propose
quite so large an increase as I have suggested to
the Senate. Then, if the Committee on Military
Affairs were justified in saying to the Senate that
the compensation of the soldier ought to be in-
creased, am 1 not justified in asking the Senate
now to consider it upon a hill to which it is ger-
mane? Why, then, does the Senator say to me
that I claim more wisdom than the Committee on
Military Affairs? I rest upon the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Military Affairs, acom-
mittee that is composed largely of Senators of
his own political views; and now I urge on the
attention of the Senate that the Committee on
Military Affairs have decided that the compensa-
tion of the soldier is not sufficient, that it ought
to be increased; and upon that recommendation
I bring forward my amendment.
To the proposition that we should wait for the
House of Representatives, I desire to inquire
whether that was asked when it was proposed to
increase the pay of a part of the Army, the colored
poitionr It was not said then by any Senator
that we must wait until we see what the House
of Representatives lias to suggest upon the ques-
tion: by no means. It was proper and right for *
the Senate to take the initiative, proceed in the
measuie,and brmgitto the attention of the House
of Representatives. If Senators thought the pay
