im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
these people the colored people do not seek homes
among them? There is but one explanation, and
that I ha.ve given: the climate, soil, productions,
and types of labor in those cold and frigid regions
are not adapted either to the nature or capacities
of the African race. It is a curious fact that my
district, embracing five counties in the southern
part of the State of Ohio, has nearly twice as great
a colored population as the States of Maine, New
Hampshire, and Vermont, and my own county
more than the Statesof New Hampshire and Ver-
mont. The reason for this state of things must be
-apparent. Our climate, compared with that of
New England, is warm and salubrious; our soil
-rich and productive; our labor is employed in the
simpler (but I trust not less honest and beneficial)
mechanical and agricultural pursuits, adapted to
the nature and the capacities of the negro, and
therefore they migrate to that region.
The result of all this is, that if the four million
slaves in the South are turned loose upon us
they cannot remain South under penalty of reen-
slavement; they cannot go North under penalty
of starvation and death. The agricultural States
bordering on the slave States will become the
paradise to which these new-born freemen must
and will inevitably flock, and in which they .will
malce their future homes. There is but one way
to avert these consequences, by colonization, and
that is impracticable and impossible.
Now for a moment let us consider the conse-
quences of turning loose in our midst these four
million houseless, homeless, and propertyless fu-
gitives, with all the prejudices of race and caste
existing among us. Right here is where the irre-
pressible conflict about which we heard so much
begins. These prejudices are " things which are
of ourselves a part." We cannot get rid of them
if we would. These freedmen will at once be
brought in competition with the laboring masses
in that section of the Union where the fates have
cast their lots, in the agricultural region of the
Northwest, as I have shown, and that, too, at a
time of all others least auspicious, when the labor
of the country is depressed, crashed to the earth
by an almost fabulous amount of national indebt-
edness. Mischief-making abolitionists will not he
satisfied with emancipation, but they will inspire
this race with the dream first of political then
social equality. The collision of conflicting prin-
ciples and interests, the conflict of white and
black labor, inspired by the prejudices of race and
caste, which when fully aroused are stronger than
any other, will inevitably produce a collision of
races. If it ever begins, and I believe it will, then
the poor African will have occasion, if there ever
was such an occasion, to exclaim, " God save me
from my friends!" Then we shall have a renewal
of that terrible conflict between the Spaniards and
the Moors, which for cold and implacable fero-
city is without a parallel in history. There the
prejudices of race and caste wore arrayed against
each other, inspired by that pride and heroic
chivalry which was the characteristic of thatage.
That contest resulted in the annihilation and os-
tracism of the Moorish race from the soil of
Spain. And if this contest between the races here
ever begins, it will not stop short of the exterm-
ination of the colored race, and none of us will
live to see the end of the demoralizing conse-
quences of such a struggle. Surely, then, this is
an unwelcome feast to which we are inviting the
colored people of our country. These are the
only legitimate fruits of the war. It bodes no
good either to the white or colored race.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have attempted to show
that the Union cannot bo restored by war; that
the Constitution and laws cannot be enforced in
the revolting States by it; that the subjugation of
the ten million people in the revolting States is
impossible, or, if possible, that it will prove to be
the destruction of the Union, and involve the loss
of our own liberties; that the extinction and os-
tracism of the white population of those States is
alike destructive of the Union, our system of free
Government, revolting to the laws of Christian
civilization, and can end only in the establishment
of an absolute imperial despotism; that a war
waged for the abolition of slavery, if successful,
will be productive of a conflict between the races,
ending in the destruction of the colored race.
In any light, then, in which it can be presented
to my vision, it is a useless, fruitless, and crim-
inal waste of precious blood and treasure.
But it is said we are engaged in war,and how
can we get out of it without loss of honor? The
honor lies not in its continuance, but in putting
an end to it. The old Governments of Europe,
jealous of the growing power of the United States,
and anxious to put a check upon it, would doubt-
less be glad to see us separate, and that system
of cheeks and balances established on the Noith
American continent which they have established
on the European. This they deem essential to
the peace of the world. Considering the expansive
area of our territory, and our rapidly increasing
population, they look forward to the time, not
far distant if we are wise, when the dream of
Young America will become a reality, and the
whole boundless continent shall be ours, teeming
with more than a hundred million of the best
population on the face of the earth. It is this
growing giant that they would strangle in its
infancy by the establishment of a monarchy in
Mexico whose perpetuity should be guarantied
by a European alliance, and by lopping off the
confederate States. They are only waiting and
looking on with calm complacency because we
are doing the work much more surely and rap-
idly than they could doit themselves. When the
hour shall have arrived when the process of ex-
haustion through which we are speedily passing
shall have reduced us to utter helplessness, and
when they can interfere with impunity, they will,
dictating to us their own terms.
Sir, we can make pea^ce, and every incentive to
humanity and to patriotism conspires to demand
it of us. If we had the will to do it we could do
it, for where there is a will there is a way; we
have never tried it: but on the contrary every
effort, every measure looking to a restoration of
pcacc and the rccstablishmcnt of fraternal rela-
tions has been proudly and scornfully rejected
by the President and by Congress, and the par-
ties proposing them subjected to undue and un-
founded suspicions. I do not believe that the
South are the enemies of our institutions, that
they are opposed to the principles of our Union,
or of republican free government as embodied in
our Constitution; upon these great fundamental
principles I do not believe that theie is any mate-
rial difference of opinion among us; foi upon their
withdrawal from the Union they adopted the Con-
stitution of our fathers and their fathers as the
organic law of their government, with immaterial
changes affecting matters of construction more
than principles, and they established a union un-
der it similar in all respects to our own, and that
from which they had withdrawn.
There is then no conflict of principles between
us that we cannot or ought not to reconcile, if we
would have union and harmony restored to our
suffering, bleeding, and distracted country. Our
troubles have grown out of differences of opinion
as to the construction of the Constitution upon
matters affecting the rights of the States, their in-
stitutions, and the right of individuals to be se-
cure in the possession and enjoyment of private
property. If these conflicting opinions were rec-
onciled, the cause of the war would cease to exist
and the war with it. Slavery is not the cause of
the war, but it is the conflict of opinions and prin-
ciples growing out of that relation; and you can
no more change those opinions and principles by
destroying the institution of slavery, than you
could change the opinions and principles of men
with reference to their right to possess and enjoy
any other species of property by robbing them of
it, destroying it, or stealing it from them. Their
opinions and principles with reference to their
rights would continue to be the same after the
property is destroyed as before, and neither they,
their children, nor their children's children will
ever think any the better of you for your pains
Then let us reconcile those conflicting opinions,
as they only can be reconciled, by mutual con-
cessions: the North by removing every ground of
apprehension and making every man, woman,
and child feel a conscious sense of security in the
Union, in the undisturbed possession and enjoy-
ment of all the institutions of their States and
the rights of their persons; the South by coming :
back into the Union, yielding an implicit and will- i
ing obedience to its authority; and, thus united, !
to devote all our energies to the reparation of the
injuriesand ravages of war,and as one happy and
prosperous people renew our march on the great
highway of progress and of Christian civilization
to that goal which a beneficent Benefactor has set
in store for us,
Mr. BLOW addressed the committee, but be-
fore concluding his icmaiks the committee rose
informally, and a
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE
was'received by Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk,
informing the House that the Senate have agreed
to the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (S. No. 36) to amend the actentitled "An act
for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes,"approved March 3,1863.
The committee again resumed its session, and
proceeded to the consideration of the
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to yield and allow us to go into the
House and dispose of the report of the commit-
tee of conference on the conscription bill.
Mr. BLOW. I yield the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Farnsworth reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 151) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1865, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
ENROLLED RESOLUTION.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found duly enrolled a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 31) making appropriation to pay taxes on
certain lands owned by the United States; when
the Speaker signed the same.
CONSCRIPTION BILL.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I am now prepared to make
a repoit from the committee of conference on the
enrollment bill. I send the report to the Clerk's
desk, and ask to have it read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to make a single sug-
gestion. It is very manifest that we cannot dis-
pose of this report to-night, and I will suggest
that it be postponed until Tuesday next, by which
time the amendments made by the committee may
be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot consent to that.
Mr. STEVENS. I think it had better be post-
poned. There is evidently no quorum in the
House.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 think differently. I would
gladly accede to the course proposed by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, but I feel that there
is a public duty upon us to pass this bill at as
early an hour as possible. I cannot therefore
consistently with my senseof duty enter into any
such arrangement. I ask for the reading of the
report.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of confeieucc appointed to consider the
disagreeing votes of ihe two Houses on the bill (S. No. 36)
" to amend an act entitled 'An act for enrolling and calling
out ihe national forces, and tor oilier pui poses,5 approved
Match 3, 1863," having met, after full and fiee conference
do tcport as follows:
That the House of Representatives do agree to the sec-
ond section of the bill of the Senate, with the following
amendments,to wit: 1. Strike out the word " or," where
it first occurs in the second line of said section. 2. After
the word ''township," in the second line of said section,
insert the woids " precinct or election district."' "8. Strike
out the word "or," in the third line of said section. 4. After
the word " townships," in the third line of said section,
inscitthe words "precincts or election distnets." And
that the Senate do agree to the said several amendments.
That the House of Representatives do agree to the third
section of the bill of the Senate, with the following amend-
ments, to wit: 1. After the woid "if,'' in the first hue of
said section, strike out the words "any Slate," and insert
the words "the quotas" in lieu thereof. 2. Strike out the
words " fail to furnish," in the second line of said sec-
tion, and insert the words " not be filled" in lieu thereof.
3. Strike out the words " the number of men requited theie-
from," in the third line of said section. 5. Strike out the
word " or," where it fiist oeeuis in the fifth line of said
section. 6. After the word " township," in the fifth line
of said section, add the words "piecinct oi election dis-
tinct." 7. Stuke out the word "or," in the sixth hue of
said section. 8. Alter the word "townships," in the sixth
line of said section, inseit the words " precincts oi election
districts." 9. After the word " township," in the twelfth
line of said beetion, insert the words 41 precinct or election
district." 10. After the word "county,"at the end of said
