184
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 25,
38th Cons.... 1st
Laws of the United States.
hundred and forty-seven thousand four hundred
and thirty dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary in
the service of the Senate, viz: Secretary of the
Senate, three thousand six hundred dollars; officer
charged with disbursements of the Senate, four
hundred and eighty dollars; chief clerk, two thou-
sand Are hundred dollars; principal clerk and
principal executive cleric in the office of the Sec-
retary of the Senate, at two thousand one hun-
dred and sixty dollars each; eight clerks in office
of the Secretary of the Senate, at one thousand
eight hundred and fifty dollars each; keeper of
the stationery, one-thousand seven hundred and
flfty-two dollars; two messengers, at one thou-
sand and eighty dollars each; one page, at five hun-
dred dollars; Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper,
two thousand dollars; assistant doorkeeper, one
thousand seven hundred dollars; Postmaster to
the Senate, one thousand seven hundred and fifty
dollars; assistant postmaster and mail-carrier,
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars; two
mail-boys, at nine hundred dollars each; super-
intendent of the document room, one thousand
live hundri-d dollars; two assistants in document
room, at one thousand two hundred dollars each;
superintendent of the folding-room, one thousand
five hundred dollars; two messengers acting as
assistant doorkeepers, at one thousand five hun-
dred dollars each; seventeen messengers, at one
thousand two hundred dollars each; clerk or sec-
retary to the President of the Senate, one thou-
sand seven hundred and fifty-two dollars; clerk
to the Committee on Finance, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty dollars; clerk to the Committee
on Claims, one thousand eight hundred and fifty
dollars; clerk of printing records, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty dollars; superintendent in
charge of the furnaces, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars; assistant in charge of furnaces, six
hundred dollars; laborer in charge of private pas-
sages, six hundred dollars; two laborers at six
hundred dollars each; Chaplain to the Senate,
seven hundred and fifty dollars; captain of the
Capitol police,eighthundred and seventy dollars;
Capitol police, eleven thousand eight hundred
and eighty dollars; one policeman, four hundred
and eighty dollars, making ninety-two thousand
four hundred and eighty-four dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For stationery, twenty-two thousand dollars.
For newspapers, three thousand dollars.
For Congressional Globe, twenty thousand
dollars.
For reporting proceedings in the Daily Globo
for the sucond session of theThirty-Eighth Con-
gress, twelve thousand dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the Senate for the Congressional
{ilobe for reporting thf, proceedings of the Senate
f,>r thesecond regular session of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress, eight hundred dollars each, four thou-
sand dollars.
For clerks to committees, pages, horses, and
carryalls, eighteen thousand dollars.
For expenses of heating and ventilating appa-
ratus, sixteen thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, thirty-five thousand
dollars.
For compensation and mileage of Members of
the House of Representatives and Delegates from
Territories, nine hundred and ninety thousand
eight hundred and sixty dollars.
For compensation of the officers, cleiks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary in
the service of the House of Representatives, viz:
Clerk of the House of Representatives, three
thousand six hundred dollars; chief clerk and one
assistant clerk,attwo thousand one hundred and
sixty dollars each; eleven clerks, atone thousand
eight hundred dollars each; principal messenger
in the office, at four dollars and eighty cents per
day, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two
dollars; three messengers, at one thousand two
hundred dollars each; messenger to the Speaker,
at four doliais and eighty cents per day, one
thousand seven hundred and fifty-two dollars;
clerk to the Committee of Ways and Means, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; clerk to the Com-
mittee of Claims, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; clerk to Committee on Public Lands, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; Sergeant-at-Arms,
two thousand one hundred and sixty dollars;
clerk to the Sergeant-at-Arms, one thousand eight
hundred dollars; messenger to the Sergeant-at-
Arms, one thousand two hundred dollars; Post-
master, two thousand one hundred and sixty dol-
lars; assistant postmaster, one thousand seven
hundred and forty dollars; four messengers, at
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars each;
two mail-boys,at nine hundred dollars each; cap-
tain of the Capitol police, eight hundred and
seventy dollars; Capitol policc, eleven thousand
eight hundred and eighty dollars; one policeman,
fourhundred and eighty dollars; Doorkeeper, two
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars; super-
intendent of the folding-room, one thousand eight
hundred dollars; two messengers, at one thousand
seven hundred and fifty-two dollars each; one
messenger, at one thousand seven hundred and
forty doilais; five messengers, at one thousand
five hundred dollars each; six messengers, at one
thousand two hundred dollars each; twelve mes-
sengers, to be employed during the session of
Congress, at the rate of one thousand two hun-
dred dollars per annum; Chaplain to the House
of Representatives, seven hundred and fifty dol-
lars; making ninety-eight thousand three hun-
dred and twenty-eight dollars.
For contingent expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives, viz:
For cartage, two thousand dollars.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each Member and Dele-
gate of the second regular session of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, and one hundred copies of the
same for the House Libury, twenty thousand
dollars.
For the compensation of clerks to committees,
and temporary clerks in the office of the Clerk of
the House of .Representatives, fifteen thousand
and seventy-two dollars.
For folding documents, including materials,
thirty thousand dollars.
For fuel and lights, pay of engineers, firemen,
and laborers, repairs,and materials, twelve thou-
sand dollars.
For furniture, repairs, and packing-boxes for
members, twelve thousand dollars.
For horses, carriages, and saddle-horses, seven
thousand five hundied dollars.
For laborers, seven thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, forty thousand dollars.
For newspapers, twelve thousand five hundred
dollars.
For pages and temporal y maii-boys, five thou-
sand dollars.
For reporting and publishing proceedings in the
Daily Globe, at seven dollars and fifty cents per
column, eight thousand dollars.
For stationery, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to the re-
porters of the House for the Congressional Globe
fvi repotting the procedmgs of the House for the
second regular session of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress, eight hundied dollars each, four thousand
dollars.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
For compensation of the Superintendent ofPub-
lic Printing, and the clerks and messengers in his
office, nine thousand seven hundred and fourteen
dollars and sixty cents.
For contingent expenses of his office, viz: For
stationery, postage, advertising, furniture, travel-
ing expenses, horses and wagons, and miscella-
neous items, two thousand dollars.
For public printing, including the post office
blanks, two hundred and thirty-nine thousand
one hundred and eighty-seven dollars.
For paper for the public printing, four hundred
and sixty-five thousand one hundred and seventy-
eight dollars
For the public binding, including the Congres-
sional Globe, two hundred and fifty-two thousand
two hundred and seven dollars.
For lithographing and engraving for theSenate
and House of Representatives, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
For mapping in cases pending in the Supreme
Couit of the United States, five thousand dollars.
LIJ1RART OF CONGRESS.
For compensation of Librarian, three assistant
librarians, messenger, and three laborers, ten
thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Library, two
thousand dollars.
For purchase of books for said Library, five
thousand dollars.
For purchase of law books for said Library,
two thousand dollars. -*
To enable the Joint LibraryCommittee to pur-
chase a complete file of selections from European
periodicals from eighteen hundred and sixty-one
to eighteen hundred and sixty four, relating to the
rebellion in the United States, to be deposited m
the Library, four thousand dollars: Provided,That
no part of said sum shall be expended until the
entire collection, and an index thereto, is com-
pleted and approved by said committee.
COtJRT OF CLAIMS.
For salaries of five judges of the Court of
Claims, the solicitor, assistant solicitor, deputy
solicitor, clerk and assistant clerk, bailiff, ana
messenger thereof, thirty-six thousand three hun-
dred dollars.
For stationery, books, fuel, lights, laborers
hire, and other contingent and miscellaneous ex-
penses, three thousand dolia«e.
For compensation of attorneys to attend to tak-
ingtestimony, witnesses, and commissioners, one
thousand dollars.
For payments of judgments to be rendered by
Court of Claims, previous to the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, three hundred
thousand dollars.
EXECUTIVE.
For compensation of the President of the Uni-
ted States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Vice President of the
United States, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation of secretary to sign patents
for public lands, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation to the private secretary,
steward, and messenger of the President of the
United States, four thousand six hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the executive office,
including stationery therefor, two thousand dol-
lars.
DEPARTMENT OF STATE.
For compensation of the Secretary of State and
Assistant Secretary of State, chief clerk, superin-
tendent of statistics, clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, and laborers in his office, fifty-seven
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For the Incidental and Contingent Expenses of the
Department of State.
For publishing the laws m pamphlet form and
m newspapers of the States and Territories, arid
in the city of Washington, seventeen thousand
one hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For ptoof-ieading, and packing the laws and
documents for the various legations and consul-
ates, including boxes am] transportation of the
same, thtee thousand dollars.
For stationery, furniture, fixtures, and repairs,
nine thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For copperplate printing, books, and maps,
five thousand dollars.
For extra clerk hire and copying, ten thousand
dollars.
Northeast Executive Building.
For compensation of four watchmen and two
laborers of the Northeast Executive Building,
three thousand six hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
for fuel, light, repairs, and miscellaneous ex-
penses, five thousand five hundred dollars.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, two Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury,
chief clerk, clerks, superintending architect, at a
salary of three thousand dollars, assistant archi-
tect, at a salary of two thousand dollars, messen-
gers, assistant messenger, and laborers, one hun-
dred and sixteen thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation of the First Comptroller,
chief cleik, and the clerks, messenger, and labor-
ers in his office, forty-three thousand three hun-
dred and forty doilais.
