1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
section, add the following: ."And if the quota of any dis-
trict shall not he filled by the draft made in accordance
with the provisions of this act, and the act to which it is
an amendment, further drafts shall be made, and like pro-
ceedings had, until the quota ot such district shall be filled."
And that the Senate do agree to the said several amend-
ments.
That the House of Representatives do agree to the fourth
section of the hill of the Senate, with the following amend-
ments, to wit: 1. After the word "lime," in the sixth line
of said section, insert the words " previous to the draft."
2. After the word " draft," in the seventh line of said sec-
tion, insert the words "nor, at the time, in the military or
naval service of the United States." 3. Strike out the words
" three years," in the tenth Une of said section, and insert
the words " the time for which such substitute shall have
been accepted" in iicu thereof. 4. Strike out all of said
section after the word " vears." in the tenth line thereof.
And that the Senate do a'gree to the said several amend-
ments.
That the House of Representatives do agree to the fifth
section of the bill of the Senate, with the following amend-
ments, to wit: 1. Strike out the words " enrolled and" in
the first line of said section. 2. Alter the word " may," in
the second line of said section, insert the words " before
the time fixed for his appearance for duty at the draft ren-
dezvous." 3. Strike out all of said section after the word
"draft," in the twenty-fourth line, and insert the following
in lieu thereof: " in filling that quota; and his name shall
be retained on the roll in filling future quotas; but in no
instance shall the exemption of any person, on account of
his payment of commutation motley for the procuration of
a substitute, extend beyond one year; but at the end of one
year, in every such case, the name of any person so ex-
empted shall be enrolled again, if not before returned to the
enrollment lUtunder the provisions of this section." And
that the Senate agree to the said several amendments.
That the sixth section of the bill of the Senate be stricken
out.
ThAt the seventh section of the bill of'the Senate be
stricken out.
That the eighth section of the bill of the Senate be
stricken out, and that the Senate do agree to the fifth sec-
tion of the amendment of the House ot Representatives.
That the ninth section of thebillofthe Senate be strickcn
out, and that the Senate do agree to the nrnth section of the
amendment of the House of Representatives, with the fol-
lowing amendments, to wit: 1. After the word " able," in
the second line of said section of said amendment, insert
the words, "or ordinary." 2. After the word " able," m the
ninth line of said section, insert the words "or ordinary."
3. After the word " able," in the sixteenth line of said sec-
tion, insert the words "or ordinary." 4. Strike out the
words" Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of War,"
in the twentieth and twenty-first lines, and insert the words
"President of the United States" in lieu thereof. And
that the House of Representatives agree to the said several
amendments.
That the House of Representatives do agree to the tenth
section of the hill of the Senate, with the following amend-
ments, to wit: 1. After the wotd "able," in the second line
of said section, insert the words "or ordinary." 2. Strike
out the word " or" where it fir&t occurs in the fifth Une of
said section. 3. After the woid " township," in the fifth
line of said section, insert the words "precinct or election
district." 4. Strike out the word "or," in the sixth line
of said section. 5. After the word "townships," in the
sixth line of said section, insert the word* " precinct* or
election districts." And that the Senate do agree to the
said several amendments.
That the House of Representatives do agree to the elev-
enth section of the bill of the Senate, with the following
amendments, to wit: 1. Strike out the word "or," in the
eighth line of said section. 2. After the word " township."
in the eighth and ninth Iine3 of said section, insert the words
«' precinct or election district." 3. Strike out the word " or,"
in the tenth Une of said section. 4. After the word "town-
ships," in the tenth line of said section, insert the woids
" precincts or election distiicts." And that the Senate do
agree to the said several amendments.
Thatthe twelfth section of the bill of the Senate be stiicken
That the thirteenth section of the bill of the Senate be
stricken out, and that the Senate do agree to the thirteenth
section of the amendment of the House of Representatives.
That the House of Representatives do agree to the four-
teenth section of the bill of the Senate.
That the House of Representatives do agree to the fif-
teenth section of the bill of the Senate, with the following
amendment, to wit: Add to said section the following:
" And nothing in this section contained shall be construed
to relieve the party offending from liability, under pioper
indictment or process, for any crime against the laws of a
State, committed by him while violating the provisions of
tins section." And that the Senate do agree to said amend-
111 That the House of Representatives do agree to the six
teenth section of the bill of the Senate.
That the Senate do agree to the seventeenth section of
the amendment of the House ot Representatives.
That the seventeenth section of the bill of the ^.enatebe
stricken out, and that the Senate do agree to the eighteenth
section of the amendmentof the House of Representatives.
That the [louse of Representatives do agiee to the eigh-
teenth section of the bill of the Senate.
That the House of Representatives do agree to fhe nine-
teenth section of the bill of the Senate, with the following
amendments, to wit: ]. Strike our the word " four," m the
eleventh line of said section, and insert the word " three
in lieu thereof. 2. Strike out all of said section after the
word "soldiers," in the fourteenth Une, and in«?eit the fol-
lowing in lieu thereof: " Provided, That no person shall
he entitled to the benefit of the provisions of tins section,
unless his declaration of conscientious scruples against
burning aims shall he =nppoited by satisfactory evidence
that his deportment has been uniformly consistent with such
declination." And that the Senate do agree to the said sev-
eral amendments.
That the House of Representatives do agree to the twen-
tieth section of the bill of the Senate.
That the Hou-e of Representatives do agree to the twen-
ty-first section of the bill of the Senate, with the following
amendment, to wit: Strike out the words "absent from
the country or," in the sixth and seventh lines of said sec-
tion, and insert the words "for some good and sufficient
reason" in Ueu thereof. And that the Senate do agree to
said amendment.
That the House of Representatives do agree to the twen-
ty-second section of the bill of the Senate, with the follow-
ing amendment, to wit: Add to said section the following:
" Provided, That the Secretary of War may order the dis-
charge of all persons in the military service who are under
the age of eighteen years at the lime of the application for
their discharge, when it shall appear from due proof that
such persons are in the service without the consent, either
expiess or implied, of their parents or guardians: Andpro-
videdfurther, That such persons, their parents or guard-
ians, shall first repay to the Government and to the Stale
and local authorities all bounties and advance pay which
may have been paid to them, anything in the act to which
this is an amendment to the contrary notwithstanding."
And that the Senate do agree to said amendment.
Thatthe House ofRepresentativesdoagieetothetwenty-
thiid section of the bill of the Senate, with the following
amendment, to wit: 1. After the word "any," in the fourth
line of said section, insert the word "drafted." 2. Strike
out the words " drafted, and liable to render service," in
the fifth line of said section. And that the Senate do agree
to the said amendments.
That the House of Representatives agree to the twenty-
fourth section of the bill of the Senate, with the following
amendment, to wit: After the word " disability," in the
sixteenth line, insert the words " and any officer, clerk, or
deputy connected with the board of enrollment who shall
receive compensation from any drafted man for any ser-
vices, or obtaining the performance of such service required
from any member of said board by the provisions of this
act." And thatthe Senate do agree to said amendment.
Thatthe House ofReprcsentativesdoagree to the twenty-
fifth section of the bill of the Senate.
Thatthe House of Representatives do agree to the twenty-
sixth section of the bill of the Senate.
That the Senate do agree to the twenty-sixth section of
the amendmentof the House of Representatives, with the
following amendments, to wit: 1. After the word " male,"
iu the first line of said section of said amendment, insert
the word "colored." 2. Strike out the words "of African
descent," in the sccond line of said section. 3. Strike out
the words " whether citizens or not," in the third line of
said section. 4. After the word "thereof," in the ninth
line of said section, insertthe words "and thereupon such
slave shall be tree." 5. Strike out the word ''owes," in
the twelfth line of said section, and insert the words "was
owing." 6. Stiiko out the woids "on freeing the person,^'
m the thirteenth and fourteenth lines of said section. 7.
Stiike out the woid the," in the sixteenth line of said
section, anil insert the woid " a" in lieu thereof. 8. Stiike
out the words " commutation money, upon the master free-
ing the slave," in the nineteenth and twentieth lines of
said section, and insert the words "fund derived from
commutations, and every such colored volunteer on being
musteiedinto the service shall be free," in lieu thereof.
9. After the word "enlisted," in the twenty-first line of
said section, insert the words " or have volunteered." 10.
Aftei the woid "applicable," in the twenty-fourth line of
said section, strike out the words "as well." 11. Add to
said section the following: " But men of color, drafted or
enlisted, or who may volunteer int^ the military service,
while they shall be credited on the quotas of the several
States, or subdivisions of States, wherein they are respect-
ively drafted, enlisted, or shall volunteer, shall not be as-
signed as State troops, but shall be mustered into regiments
or companies as United States colored volunteers." And
that the House of Representatives do agree to the said sev-
eral amendments.
That the twenty-seventh section of the bill ofthe benate
be stricken out.
That the following section be inserted m the bill ot the
Senate, to wit:
"Sec. —. And he it further enacted, That the words< pre-
cinct' and ' election district,' as used m this act, shall not
be construed to require any subdivision for purposes of en-
rollment and draft less than the wards into which any city
or village may be divided, or than the towns or townships
into which any county may be divided."
That the House of Representatives do agree to the twenty-
eighth section of the bill of the Senate. _
That the House of Representatives do recede from their
amendment to the bill of the Senate, except as recited in
the foregoing icport.
° h 1 HENRY WILSON,
.1. W. NESMITH,
J. W. GRIMES,
Managers oil the part of the Senate.
ROBERT SCHENCK,
  HENRY C. DEM1NG,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. The report having been read,
and it having; been adopted by the Senate, I sup-
pose the question is now on concurring in it by
the House.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SCHENCK. Upon that I propose to sub-
mit a very few remarks to the House, entirely of
the character of an explanation, so as to enable
the House to vote understandingly on the report.
The first thing that will strike gentlemen is, per-
haps, the great length of the report. In order to
explain that I will recall to the recollection ofthe
House the fact that when .the committee of con-
ference was ordered by the two Houses the posi-
tion of the bill was this: the Senate having passed
the bill the House struck outall after the first soe-
tion, and inserted from the second section onward
a substitute for the entire remainder of the bill.
To that amendment the Senate non-concurred,
and asked for a committee of conference.
The managers on the part of the House met
the managers on the part of the Senate upon this
ground. "They suggested to the managers on the
part of the Senate that the Senate recede from its
non-concurrence in the amendments of the House
and concur in the House bill with such modifica-
tions as the committee had agreed on to the
House bill. If that course had been adopted, the
report would not have occupied one of these
pages. Instead of that, the managers on the part
of the Senate preferred to retain their own bill,
and to transfer into it piecemeal the bill of the
House. Thus, instead of adopting as a substi-
tute for a section of the Senate bill a section of the
House bill and transferring it bodily to the report,
they preferred to amend the Senate section by
inserting a word here and there in place of words
stricken out so as to make the section conform
with the substitute.
The conclusion then is this, that the committee
have thus transferred in these small parcels to the
bill of the Senate, the entire House bill with the
exception of two or three material changes only.
I want the House then to understand that in agree-
ing to the report of the committee of conference
thoy agree to the House substitute which* they
have once voted upon and passed, with two sin-
gle material exceptions.
And to those exceptions, Mr. Speaker, I now
call ihe attention of the House. They will be
found in the sixth section of the Senate bill, the
latter part of which of the two amendments which
were moved and afterwards modified by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] strik-
ing that out, the managers on the part of the
House were not willing to fall back upon the Sen-
ate bill. They struck out the amendment which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania introduced and
fell back upon their own bill. The committee of
conference then agreed upon that originally re-
ported by the Military Committee of this House.
That is precisely the condition in which it stands.
Gentlemen will recollect the Military Commit-
tee reported back amendments in respect to the
payment of commutation money, that that com-
mutation should buy the person free from any
difficulty, provided it did not exempt him for
more than one year. The bill is made more strin-
gent in reference to the time purchased by the com-
mutation money. The conference committee took
the bill as it was originally reported by the com-
mittee of this House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What isthe time forwhich «
a man who pays commutation money purchases
exemption?
Mr. SCHENCK. For a call not exceeding
one year.
There is one other slight change which I did
not propose to refer to, but which I will no w call
to the attention ofthe House. I am sure it will
gratify those gentlemen who are the friends of the
amendmentoffered in the House. We strike out
the words "able-bodied seamen" and make it
read "ordinary seamen," so as to authorize the
transfer of a larger number from the Army to the
naval service.
There is no other material change from the sub-
stitjte of the House until we arrive at section
twenty-six, as passed by the House. It relates to
colored persons, and the receiving of such per-
sons into the Army of the United States. 1 he
chances made by way of modification of that so
as to°make it correspond to that of the Senate are
these: it is provided after the drafted man has
served he should be paid for at the rate of §100,
under a commission, and that after thus being
paid for the master was to free the slave. In
place of providing for the freeing of the slave by
the master, it is declared that the slave shall be-
come free by reason of his having been mustered
into the service of the United States. It was
agreed to modify it so that a man who had served
in theArmy of theUnited States, vindicating and
maintaining our institutions, should not by want
of the consent of his master be remitted to sla-
very, but should be declared free under the law
by reason of his having been mustered into the
Army of the United States.
I will read the section for the benefit of the
