1814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jipril 22, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev VV. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. PRUYN. I ask the consent of the House
for leave of absence for fifteen days.
There being no objection, leave of absence was
accordingly granted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was requested
to ask leave of absence for ten days for Mr. Steb-
bins on account of sickness.
There being no objection, leave of absence was
accordingly granted.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the bill yesterday reported by the
Committee on Printing-, granting additional com-
pensation to the proprietor of the Congressional
Globe.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. 1 move to postpone that
bill until Tuesday morning1 next.
The motion was agreed to.
ACADEMY OF SCIENCE KEPORT.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, fiom the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution:
Resohcil, That five hundred copiPs r f the report of the
Nalion.il Academy of Science be printed for the use of the
National Academy of Science.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. 1 should like
to know what ihis report is.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. It is the report, I believe,
of their doings last year. The printing of the re-
port has been already ordered. This resolution
was rcfeired to tin1 Committee on Punting, and
it is considered uf impoitance that it should be
adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, sir,
I do not see what ihe House has to do with the
printing of these exti a copies.
Mr. COX. 1 move that the resolution be laid
on the table.
Mr. KASSON". I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. COX. 1 will if the gentleman wishes to
explain.
Mr. KASSON. This request for the printing
of this report came from the Committee on Um-
foim Weights and Measures and Coinage, it
embraces reports made in pursuance of law
respectively to ihe Tuasury and Nnvy Depart-
ments. They contain important scientific and
statistical information. A part of the subject re-
lates to investigations going on in Europe as well
as in this country. The report hasalieady been
printed, and the cost of thege extra copies will be
very small. This Academy of Science, as is well
known, is supported partially by appropi iations
ofCongiess; they icceive impoitnnt documents;
and the object of these extia copies js to enable
them to furnish exchanges in foreign countiies.
I think the gentleman from Ohio will see the pro-
priety of allowing these copies to be printed.
Mr. COX. I was not aware that this report
had any tiung to do with our governmental opera-
tions.
Mr. KASSON. it has.
Mr. COX. 1 then withdraw the motion to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. A. W. CLARK demanded the previous
question on the lisolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Upon the adoption of the resolution 53 voted
in the affirmative and 38 in the negative—no
quoi um.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Mr. A. VV. Clark and Mr. McKinney as such
tellers.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 77, noes 16.
So the lesolution was adopted.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agieed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BANKRUPTCY BILL.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, fiom the same commit-
tee, reported the following resolution, and on its
adoption demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That there he printed for the use of the House
Ave thousand copies, in pamphlet form, of the bill to estab-
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States, repoi ted from the select committee on the subject of
a bankrupt law.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I ask leave
of the House to have adispatch read which I have
just received m connection with certain charges
made a few days ago against one of my constit-
uents.
A Member. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] is not present.
Mr. VOORHEES. It is not my purpose to
indulge in any remarks at this time because of
the absence of the gentleman from Ohio. I sim-
ply wish this dispatch to be now made public.
Mr. UPSON. I object.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. VOORHEES, I will not indulge in any
remarks at all.
Objection was withdrawn.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Terre IIaote, Jipril 21,1864.
Hon. D. W. Voorhees :
The letter purporting to he written by me to John C.
Breckitmdge, used by General Garfifld, is utterly false, a
base fairly, 1 have written you to-day.
JOHN G. DAVIS.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman from Ohio
is not in his sent, nnd I will defer any remarks I
desire to make until he is present.
KANSAS INDIANS.
Mr. WILDER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the telief of the Wea, Peoiia,
Kaskaskia, and Piankeshaw Indians; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
GOLD BILL.
Mr. HOOPER. I osk unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the amendments of
the Senate to the gold bill for reference to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
BUSINESS AT EVENING SESSION.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Bouse that this evening shall be ap-
propriated, as well as the day session, for the
consideration of the tax bill.
[Cries of " Agreed!" " Agreed !"]
The SPEAKER. By the order of the House
on the 18th of April, by a two-thirds vote, the
order of business was changed until otherwise or-
dered, and it is in the power of a majority to deter-
mine what business shall be considered this even-
ing.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 shall ask unanimous con-
sent first.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. What will be the
regular order of business this evening?
The SPEAKER. At seven o'clock this even-
ing, first, the call of committees for reports of a
private nature, and at the expiration of the morn-
ing hour the rebellious States bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Then I object.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move that this evening be
devoted to the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Washbuhne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of
j THE TAX BIMj.
i The Clerk read, as follows:
| Sec. 76. Aiui be itfitrtker enacted, That there shall be
' paid annually for each license gi anted the sum herewith
stated respectively. Any number of person*, except law-
yers, physicians, surgeons, dentists, cattle-brokers, horse-
dealers, and peddlers,carrying on sucn business at any place
in copartnership may tiansact Mich business at such place
under such license, and not otherwise, that is to say.
Mr. MORRILL moved to insert before the
word " physicians" the words " conveyancers,
claims agents."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
1. Bankers u&ing or employing a capital not exceeding
the sum of $50,000, shall pay $100 for each licence; when
using or employing a capital exceeding §50,000, for every
additional $1,000 m excess of $50,000 two dollars. Every
person, firm, or company, and every incorporated or other
bank, having a place or business where credits are opened
in favor of any person, firm, company, or corporation by the
deposit or collection of money or currency, and the same
or any part thereof shall be paid or remitted upon draft,
check, or order of such creditor, or where money is ad-
vanced on stocks, bonds, bullion, bills of exchange, oi
promissory notes, or where such stocks, bonds, bullion,
bills of exchange, or promissory notes are deposited for
discount or sale, shall be regarded a banker under this acr,
but shall riot include agents'for the sale of merchandise lot
account.
Mr. MORRILL moved to strike out " in favor
of any person, firm, company, or corporation;'
strike out "the same or any part th reof,"and
insert in lieu thereof, " subject to;" strike out the
words, " of such creditor;" insert after the woids
"advanced on" the word " loans;" strike out
the word " suchand strike out the words " but
shall not include agents for the sale of merchan-
dise for account."
The amendments were agreed to.
The Cleik read, as follows:
2. Wholesale dealers, whose annual sales do not exceed
$50,000, shall pay twenty-five dollars for each license ; and
if exceeding $50,000, for every additional #1,000 in excess
of $50,000 one dollar. Every person shall be regarded as
a wholesale dealer under this act whose business it Is to
sell or offer to sell any goods, ware*, or mctchanriNc of
foieign or domestic production, whose animal sales exceed
$25,000. And the license leqnircd by any wholesale dealer
shall not be for a less amount than bis sales for the pie-
vious year, unless he has made or proposes to make some
change in his business that will obviously reduce the
amount of his annual .vales; noi shall any license as a
wholesale dealer allow any sueh person to act as a com-
mercial broker: Provided, That any license understated
may and shall be again assessed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to insert after the word
"production" the words "not including wine,
spirituous or malt liquors,"and add as follows:
And that no person holding a license as wholesale dealer
in liquois shall be required to take out an additional horn^e
on account of the sale of other goods, waics, and meiclian-
dise on the same premises.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
4. Retail dealers in liquors shall pay twenty dollars foi
each license. Every person whose business or occupation
ll is to <pII or oiTei lor sale any goods, wares, or nieieli.in-
disc of toreign or domestic pioduction, including spiiits,
wines, ale, bee>, or other malt liquors, and whose annual
safes exceed $1,000 and do not exce.ed $25,000, shall tie
regatded as a letail dealer in liquois under this act.
Mr. MORRILL moved to strike out "whose
business or^oceupation is," and inseit in lieu
thereof "who shall."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the section,
in line forty-eight, by striking out after the word
"sale" the words "any goods, waics, or mer-
chandise of."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRJLL. I move to amend, in line
forty-nine, by striking out the words "produc-
tion, including."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend, in line
fifty, by inserting after the word "liquors" the
words "m quantities of three gallons or less."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend, in lines
fifty and fifty-one, by striking out the. words
"exceeding one thousand and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to add at the end of
the paragraph the words " but nothing herein
contained shall authorize the sale of any spiiits,
wines, or malt liquors to be drank on the prem-
ises. "
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend the section, in
line forty-six, by striking out " twenty" and in-
serting " fifty."
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from Iowa
probably does not understand what we propose
