2790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Am) agree to the following in place of it:
That an envoy extraordinary and minister plenipoten-
tiary, appointed at any place where the United States are
now represented by a minister resident, shall leceive the
compensation fixed by law and appropriated for a minister
resident; and no raorp.
That the House recede from its disagreement
to the thirty-first amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same, as follows;
Sec. 4, And be it further-enacted, That the third section
of an act entitled "An act making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1860," approved March 3,
1859, is hereby repealed. And the fee for certifying in-
voices to he charged by the consul general for the British
North American provinces, and hid subordinate consular
officers and agent*, for goods not exceeding $100 in value,
shall be §1, and the samefee shall be charged foi certifying
the growth or production of goods made duty free by the
reciprocity treaty: Provided, however, That no such cer-
tificate ot growth or production bhall be icquired i'or goods
not exceeding in value the sum of $200.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Iowa that he permit this report to lie over for
some days. There are many members absent who
desire to vote upon it.
Mr. KASSON. I would very gladly adopt the
suggestion of the gentleman from Indiana but for
the fact that 1 intend, if possible, to leave the city
for a few days, to try and recover from an illness
under which I have been suffering for the last ten
days.
The first point of difference with the Senate re-
lated to the matter of consular pupils. It was
proposed by the Senate that twenty-five of them
should be appointed; which it was sought to ac-
complish by repealing the repealing clause of a
former act, thus restoring the otignui! act, as de-
signed by Mr. Marcy,Mr. Cass, and other gen-
tlemen. Instead of that, it was thought by at
least some members of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs that if authority were given for the ap-
pointment of such pupils it should be accompa-
nied with some provision against their removal
alter they hail made themselves useful to the
conuneieial inteiesla of tin- count!y l>y arquning
expei lem-e nnd a kno\vlcg<- of languages, hi lieu,
tliei efiuv, ol the section aw it stood, the con lei nice
committee substituted mainly the section of the
original law of !b5(i, with a proviso that clerks
should not be removed except for cause, to be
stated in a report to Congress. U is there pi ovided
that the number, instead of being twenty-five,
shall be rcdueed to thirteen; and I desire to state
to the House that the Committee on Commerce of
the Semite, were unanimous and extremely earn-
est for the appointment ofthese elri ks, as i equued
by the neceasities of the commeice of the coun-
try. They also asserted, and 1 believe it to be
tine, tlmt when the net way onginally pushed fil-
ing the Nalaneaof the consuls of the United States
as they ate now lixed, it was provided that these
twenty-five pupils, as then called, should be ap-
pointed, who should serve as clerks to the prin-
cipal consulates where the business needed lhem
most. We have now increased the duties of these
couhuIh veiy I's.venfutllyf and they an; obliged to
employ elciks af theirown expense. The Com-
mittee on of the Senate say they re-
gard 15 net due to the principal consulates, where
the labor is hcavmi, that the Government should
supply them with clerk's to aid them in the trans-
action of their business. It was yielded on the
part of the House to t ho extent of tlm teen, which
are intended for the most laboi ions consulates.
Then as to another amendment which was the
cause of considerable debate m the House, that
amendment came fiom the Senate with <i piovis-
ion to authorize the President to uppomt the min-
ister resident at Belgium envoy extraordinary.
To that the House dissented, and the Senate i re-
ceded, and instead of that amendment proposed
the first section of the act of 1655, by which we
provided for sending envoys to all the pons where
we now have them, and also to half a dozen other
ports in Europe and South America,at the same
time fixing the salaries for those envoys at the
same rate at which they aie fixed for ministe is res-
ident. We also agreed tonhat proposition. The
President has power to send envoys where he
pleases in lieu of ministers resident. This sec-
tion provides, as the lit st section of the act of 1P55
does, that if they go by the action of the Presi-
dent they shall oulygoat the same salary as min-
isters resident. Tins has been acted on by the
Senate, and those who were opposed to the ori-
ginal measuie waived that objection and agreed to
this.
There is only one other amendment needing
explanation. On motion of the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] it was provided that the
payment of the salaries of our consuls in the
British provinces—at Halifax, and most of the
ports of the British provinces—should be in cur-
rency.- These were not uniform, and it would
be inconvenient, the Department having no sys-
tem of accounts that would allow it to be done
without great derangement. Further than that,
it was found that at the more remote consulates,
and, in fact, at the nearest, this currency could
not be used except at an enormous discount on
the part of the consuls themselves. These con-
suls are necessary to prevent smuggling, and we
could not employ any respectable business man
for less than $1,500. Any private establishment
would be obliged to pay that much for the same
character of service. Under the provision re-
ferred to the salary of these consuls would be
about eight hundred dollars. Therefore, it would
be impossible to get good men at this salary to go
there and undertake to perform these duties.
Under the circumstances I do not think that we
could ask a consul to go abroad and expect re-
spectable talent for less than we pay a first-class
clerk in Washington. The conference committee
have left the salaries of these consuls to stand as
for consuls anywhere and everywhere, the salary
being fixed at #1,500.
This is all i have to say until I have heard what
shall be said by other gentlemen. If necessary,
I shall then have something to say in reply.
Mr. MORIULL. Mr. Speaker, lam reluctant
to oppose a report of the committee of conference
atany time, and especially at this time, when the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] is evidently
indisposed. Hut on the question arising on this
bill this House has defined its position. Now a
leport is brought in hei e, one which will not only
evade the po.suion the House haw taken on a
foimer occasion, but will open the door to half a
dozen cuse.s like the one objected to. I do insist
that if we raise the grade of our foreign ministers,
the time will not be long before their friends will
come here and demand salary in proportion to
their rank. I regaid the proposition, therefoie, as
more mischievous than the original one, which
only embraced one minister. We have decided
that we would neither raise the grade nor the pay
of the minister to Belgium. Tins report asks us
to giant peimnssion to raise the giade and pay of
n half do/.en, including Belgium, of course, with-
out mentioning it by name. I do not think this
will bo agreed to. And then upon the other ques-
tion in relation to consular pupils, while I admit
that by changing the name to clerks the rose does
smell sweeter, and by reducing the number fiom
twenty-five to thirteen, and fixing it so that they
cannot be removed, a part of the objection is
avoided, yet the great objection is that after
they have been educated abroad they may lesign,
as they will resign, and quit our employment
whenever they can do better. There is no pro-
vision to avoid that objection, and we shall find
that such will be the practical operation of the bill.
in relation to the salaries of these consuls in
Canada, why, there are, I presume, in the pockets
of almost every gentleman heie from the northern
border States numerous applications for appoint-
ments as consuls in Canada under the original
proposition. If they are to be paid in gold, every-
body sees that their actual salary is not only
$1,500, but more than $2,500. If we shall adopt
the report, and pass the bill, the applications will
be far more numerous! than they are now. I do
not know but there may be some points in the
provinces where the salaiics should be more than
$1,500, but certainly immediately along the bor-
ders they need not be more than §1,500.
I move that the consideration of tins report be
postponed until one week from to-day.
Mr. KASSON. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. COX. Before that question is put I desire
to say that 1 do not see any spe-cial necessity for
postponing it for a week. 1 had entertained hopes
that the Congress of the United States would be
about ready to adjourn in a fortnight.
Mr. WASHBUIUNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quire of the gentleman from Vermont if he does
not think we can adjourn m two weeks if we de-
vote ourselvea to bu^me'jK.
Mr. MORRILL. So far as the House is con-
cerned we cart adjourn in about, a fortnight.
From indications in the Senate, I do not think
we shall adjourn so soon as that.
Mr. COX. This bill was introduced early in
the session and has received a great deal of con-
sideration. This conference report has been be-
fore us, perhaps, ten days without any action be-
ing taken, and the time has come when we had
better dispose of it. I think the committee of
conference has disposed of the matters committed
to them very justly. I was not here when this
matter of the consular pupils was considered, but
I had the pleasure of reading the remarks made
by the eloquentgentieman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Patterson,] and he fully convinced me, if
1 was not before convinced by the arguments of
Mr. Marcy and Mr. Seward, as well as from in-
formation furnished me from the Department of
State, that these consular clerks are of great pub-
lic utility in our foreign commerce, indeed almost
indispensable. I am glad that the committee of
conference changed their names. They call them
consular clerks instead of pupils. Our consuls
need more clerical force, and a force of a more
permanent character. This need arises from a
change of our revenue system in reference to trip-
licate certificates, which imposes a large and in-
creased amount of labor upon the consulates.
Many of our consulates do not pay. There is
a consulate at Manchester which a year ago, I
think, befoie this system of triplicates, only paid
a salary of $2,000, and $200 for office rent. Now
that same consulate pays into the Treasury $15,000
over and above the salary of the consul. Our dif-
ferent consulates paid into the Tieasury $100,000
more than last year, m consequence of the tripli-
cate certificates and the additional fees for them;
but there js no corresponding increase of clerical
force over what there was before this new system
went into effect. Therefoie, I think that the
committee in making this compromise, giving to
these principal consulates thirteen out of the
twenty-five clerks asked for, did nothing more
than justice. It will enable the consuls todo their
duties when first they take their office because
of the assistance rendered by these permanent
and accomplished clerks. It will assist to remu-
nerate them for actual service, and induce them
to stay at their places after they have reached their
posts and learned their duties. I presume that
no one who understands this matter will object
to that part of the conference repoit.
As to the other clause which they recom-
mend I will read it:
Tli.it an envoy extiaordinary and minister plenipoten-
tiary appointed at any place wiieie the United States are
now lepiesented by a minister ievident shall leeeive iho
compensation lixed by law and appropriate for a minister
resident, and no more.
It is a general provision of law, so that these
ministers icsident shall not have their salaries in-
cieased in case they have their rank increased.
That is all. I do not see any objection to that.
It does not follow that the salaries are to be in-
creased, as I understand it.
Mr. MORIULL. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio if he does not know from his experi-
ence in this House that it will be most likely to
follow, and that speedily; that these salaries will
be increased just in proportion to the rank of the
ministeis?
Mr. COX. Well, that is not my experience,
for we never had a case of this kind before.
Mr. MORRILL. Did not we have the case of
the consul geneial of Italy?
Mr. COX. I do not recollect that as a parallel
case. This provision will certainly not have that
effect after the earnest protests that have been
made again and again by the gentleman from Ver-
mont and others. I have no doubt these protests
will be all potential in future to prevent the in-
crease of salaries, and that no gentleman who
takes an office of this kind will ask an increase of
salary. This is afair proposition, a general one,
having no special bearing, and it ought not to meet
with any objection. That is all I have to say.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. Speaker, I should
have been very willing to let this matter lie over
till those gentlemen who are absent could have
been present to consider it; but inasmuch as the
matter has now come before the House, I am
very desirous that it shall be settled one way or
the other.
