THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
H-r;
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Sesst
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1864.
New Sehies No. 49"."
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to:
A memorial of the Legislature of Minnesota,
for a grant of lands to make up the deficiency in
the grant heretofore made to aid in the construc-
tion of the Minneapolis and CedarValley railroad;
A memorial of Joshua C. Brown, praying for
the passage of a law authorizing him to locate
upon and acquire title to different parcels of land
in Utah and Nevada,-upon the same terms and
conditions that he could acquire title thereto if
such lands were open to piivate entry and were
to be purchased at private sale;
A memorial of citizens of Wisconsin, remon-
strating against, an appropriation "of lands to the
State of Minnesota to aid in the construction of
a railroad from the end of Lake Superior to the
city of St. Paul, to run entirely on the Minne-
sota side of the St. Croix river;
A memorial of the Bay de Noquet and Mar-
quette Railroad Company, of the State of Michi-
gan, remonstratingagainstany further legislation
for the benefit of the Peninsular Railroad Com-
pany; and
A memorial of the common council of the city
of St. Paul, praying for a grant of lands to ajd in
the construction of a railroad from St. Paul to the
head of Lake Superior.
ADMISSIONS TO MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion-; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed tor
Resolved, Thaf the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of in-
creasing the number of cadets at the Military Academy to
four hundred, of requiring the age of admission to be not
less than seventeen years, of raising the standard of quali-
fications for admission, and of changing the mode ot rec-
ommendation for appointment, so as to secure an exam-
ination for admission based upon the comparative merits
of the several candidates.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 19th instant, an act (S. No. 51) amendatory
of and supplementary to an act to provide cir-
cuit courts for the district of California and Ore-
gon, and for other purposes, approved March 3,
1863.
OBJECTS OF THE "WAR.
Mr. CARLILE asked,and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce the following
joint resolution; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and ordeied to be printed:
A joint resolution (S. No. 28) declaring the objects of the
war.
Resohed ly the Senate and House of Representatives of
tkcUnitcd States of America in Congress assembled: 1. That
the military power of the Government can only be right-
fully exerted against individuals in arms opposing its au-
thority. That the prosecution of hostilities against the cit-
izens of the States in rebellion ought to be for the sole pur-
pose of maintaining the constitutional Union, and for
the restoidtion ot the Union upon the ba>is of the Consti-
tution, leaving to each Stare the regulation of its own do-
mestic policy, and piotectingeach andall in the enjoyment
of the light 01 hew government as recognized by the Con-
stitution of the United .States.
2. That the President he requested to declare by procla-
mation, whenevei the people ot any ol the Slates now re-
sisting the authouty ot the United Suites si mil reorganize
their State government by repudiating tile ouhnuneec of
secession adopted in then name, and -hall recognize their
obligations to the Union under the Constitution, lull par-
don and umnc-i}' to the people of such State,assuring the
citizens theieof that all then ughts of peisou and of ptop-
erty under the Constitution shall be restored to and enjoj ed
by them; excepting, however, fiom such paidon and am-
nesty fc>uel  per&ons as thall be designated by the Legisla-
tures of the several States as fit persons to be held for mai
befoie the judicial tribunals of the United States under the
laws thereof.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bill and joint reso-
lution;
A bill (S. No. 36) to amend an act entitled "An
49
act for en rolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes," approved March 3,1863;
and
A joint resolution (S. No*27) relative to the
transfer of persons in the military service to the
naval service.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
report:
The committee of confeience on the disagreeing votes
of the two IIou=es on the amendments to the bill (H. It.
No. 122) "to mciease the internal revenue, and lor other
purposes," having met, after full and free conference have
agieed to rccomincnd and do recommend to their respect-
ive Houses as follows:
That the House of Repiesentativcs reccde from their dis-
agieementto the third amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the sajne with the following amendments:
In line six of said amendment stiike out the word "sev-
enty" and insert in lieu thereof the words "sixty-five;"
ami in line eleven of said amendment strike out the word
" eighty" and insert in lieu theieof the word "seventy."
That the House of ^Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the fifteenth amendment of the Senate, and
agiee to the same with amendments, as follows: Inline
four ot said amendment strikeout the word " fifty" and in-
sert in lieu theieof the woids "forty-five;" and in line
seven of said amendment stiike out the vvoid " sixty" and
insert in lieu thereof the word " fifty."
That the Uou&e of Representatives reccde from their dis-
agreement to the sixteenth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same.
VV. l\ FESSENDEN,
TIMOTHY O. HOWE,
REVEItDY JOHNSON,
Managei s on the part of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
FERNANDO WOOD,
Managers on the, part of the House.
I dissent from this repoit.
E. B. WASHBURNE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This report is signed by
all the conferees on the part of the Senate, and by
two of the conferees on the part of the House of
Representatives. Mr. Washburne, one of the
conferees, dissents from the report. I will explain
the only change that is made. The original scale
fixed by the Senate was sixty cents up to the 1st
day of July; after that and up to the 1st day of
January seventy cents; and after that indefinitely
eighty cents; and we made a corresponding change
in the provision with regard to imported liquois.
The conferees have agreed upon a less sum, sub-
stituting' sixty-five for seventy, and seventy for
eighty, raising only five cents instead of ten.
There was a disagreement, also, in regard to the
duty on imported liquor on hand. The House
agreed to strike out the duty on domestic liquors
on hand, but disagreed as to the duty on im-
ported liquor on hand. It is manifestly proper
that they should compare. If they arc retained
in the one case they should be retained in the
other; and if they nre not retained in the one case
the same course should be taken in the other. It
is substantially the bill as passed by the Senate
with the changes in the scale that I have stated.
I should like to have action upon the report now.
Mr. POWELL. I did not hear the honorable
Senator from Maine. I wish to inquite whether
the bill as it now stands taxes liquor on hand?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not.
Mr. POWELL. I thought you said so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. I said that the
House agreed with the Senate in striking out the
tax on domestic liquors on hand, but disagreed to
striking out the tax on impoited liquors on hand.
They have now receded from that amendment
with regard to the imported liquors. There is,
theiefore, no tax upon liquors on hand, either
domestic or imported.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee of
conference.
The repoit was concurred in.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE VTITH ELECTIONS.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to make an inquiry.
Some ten days or two weeks ago I introduced a
resolution, which was passed by the Senate, di-
recting the Secretary of War to transmit to this
body the orders and instructions he had issued to
the provost marshals in Kentucky, Delaware,
Maryland, and Missouri, concerning elections in
those States; and I understand that there-has been
no response to it as yet. I desire to inquire of
our Secretary whether or not that resolution,was
transmitted to the Secretary of War.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, (after consult-
ing the Chief Clerk.) The Chair is advised,that
the resolution was transmitted on the day of its
adoption.
Mr. POWELL. Then I request that another
copy be sent to the Secretary of War. I suppose
it has been mislaid.
PAY OF COLORED TROOPS. ; * -
Mr. WILSON. I move now to take up the
joint resolution to equalize the pay of troops.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. No. 23) to equal-
ize the pay of soldiers in the United States Army.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is within
the recollection of the Chair that the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] moved an
amendment in the form of a substitute for the
entire resolution. That leaves the original reso-
lution and the proposed substitute both open to
amendment, by way of perfecting them before
the question of substitution be taken. An amend-
ment was proposed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] as an amendment to the
pending substitute, and it will be read.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to modify thatamend-
ment, and I now send it to the Chair in the modi-
fied form.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The modi-
fied amendment moved by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania will be now read.
The amendment to the amendment was read, as
follows:
Strike out all after the word "that," and insert:
From and after the 1st day of Match, 1864, the soldiers
of the United States of the samegiade and service shall be
entitled to receive the same umibim, clothing, arms, equip-
ments, camp-equipage, rations, and medical and hospital
attendance, pay, emoluments, and pensions; and thaf. per-
sons of color shall receive such sums in bounty a<s the 1'ies-
ident shall order m the different States and parts of the Uni-
ted States, not exceeding $100.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that the
Senator from Pennsylvania proposes to amend
the original joint resolution. I propose to amend
his amendment to reach,I think,the same object
but more fully. If theamendmentoffered by htm
is to be adopted, I hope it will be first amended
as I propose.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania is not here, but from the reading of his
amendment at the time it was offered and the re-
marks he made in explanation of it, I should think
that this amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts would seem to defeat the purpose the
Senator ftom Pennsylvania had in view. Ilis
purpose was to avoid saying anything about color.
He said that distinctions of color were not recog-
nized in our Constitution,and he wanted the law
made, agreeably to the Constitution, to speak of
" persons"and " persons"only,and that was the
object of his amendment. Now, we come right
back to the use of the term " persons of color"
again. I desire to inquire of the Senator from
Massachusetts wherein does the amendment he
now offers to the amendment of the Senatot from
Pennsylvania differ from the original resolution?
Mr. WILSON. It provides for perfect equal-
ity between the different classes of white troops
and black troops. The amendment of the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania does that, and so does this
amendment of mine. The difference is that my
amendment is more full than that proposed by
the Senator from Pennsylvania. The question of
bounties stands thus: most of us desire to put
these troops on an equality with white troops;
but we cannot have equality in regard to bounty
among white men. We propose to give veteran
soldiers one price and new volunteers another.
Then there is a difference of condition and needs
in the different sections of the country. A col-
ored man in the loyal States should have the same
