1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBm
to have done. This is a license to retail liquor
dealers,and before we get through the bill it will
be seen that we propose a license of fifty dollars
to be paid by wholesale liquor dealers soiling
§50,000 worth; and we propose that they shall
pay justtwiceas much as those whodeal in other
articles. I think that is sufficient, and therefore
hope the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa
will not be adopted.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend my amend-
ment by striking out "fifty" and inserting
" forty." My object is to charge retail liquor
dealers forty dollars for a license, instead of
twenty, i do not believe that any person present
will controvert the position that any man who
retails liquors will pay forty dollars fortheprivi-
lege just as quirk as they would twenty dollars,
if they cannot be permitted to sell without the
payment of that amount. The object of this bill
js to obtain revenue, and the more revenue we
can get from that source the better for the coun-
try. If the object were not revenue I should have
a different line of argument in reference to it.
But if we are to receive revenue at all, we must
receive it from the luxuries and vices of the coun-
try. No gentleman will say that retail dealers
will not pay forty dollars rather than not be al-
lowed to follow that branch of business.
Mr. STEVENS, i rise to oppose this altera-
tion. The committee were of opinion that as a
revenue question, more will be raised by a charge
of twenty dollars than by any larger sum. There
are a great many small retail dealers in every vil-
lage, I suppose, and as our action has merely re-
gard to revenue and not to sumptuary laws, we
were of opinion that this amount would produce
a larger revenue than any other sum. 1 hope it
Will he allowed to stand.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move a new paragraph to
come in before this fourth paragraph.
Mr. 11ALBKLEISCU. I object to going back.
Mr. MORRILL. Well, 1 will move it here-
after at another point.
Mr. BOUTVVELL. I move to add to the
proviso which has been adopted the words " or
the sale of any goods, wares, or merchandise ex-
cept those enumerated in this act." Under (he
existing law we have always received a license
fee from persons who sold liquors, and if they
added to their stock other kinds of goods, wares,
or merchandise, they were required to pay an
additional license fee as retail dealers. I am not
sure that the construction of the paragraph as it
stands would not be so interpreted now, but in-
asmuch as the words have been left out, 1 think
it proper that we should put in a provision of this
sort, so that it shall be understood that a person
whotakes outa licenseasa retail denlerin liquors
does notunder that license acquire any authority
to sell other goods, wares, or merchandise. Now
a retail dealer in goods generally has to pay ten
dollars under this act, and a retail dealer m liq-
uors twenty dollars. If by obtaining a license
as a retail dealer in liquors a trader acquires a
right to sell other goods, it is apparent that we
shall lose a very large amount of levenue. I think
that the man whotakes a license to sell liquor
ought to be willing to pay for that license specific-
ally, and twenty dollars cannot be considered a
large sum; if he desires to sell other things ten
dollars additional is not exorbitant.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Veimont to the pro-
viso to which the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Boutwell] has offered an amendment. If
I understand its reading, it provides that a letail
dealer licensed under this act shall not be per-
mitted to sell liquots to be drank on the premises.
I desire to know if it is his purpose by that amend-
ment to prevent the sale of liquors to be drank in
the saloons and bar-rooms and groceries of the
country ?
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir; if they take out a
license as a hotel, or tavern-keeper, or eating-
house, then they have a license to sell liquors to
be drank on the premises. But this is a propo-
sition in relation to retail dealers thioughoutthe
country, and I am opposed to the proposition of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, because, as;
the gentlemen from the West very well under-
stand most all of the shopkeepers there sell as a
major part of theirgoodsgroceries and dry goods,
and sometimes a small quantity of " whisky
straight."
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I wish to say that there
are in the country often places where liquors are
sold retail, without being sold in connection with
a hotel or eating-house. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Vermont if it is his purpose that
before a man shall sell at retail, in small quan-
tities, to be drank about the premises, he- shall
open a hotel or an eating-house? It strikes me
that such a provision would cut off a very large
source of revenue.
Mr. MORRILL. He must pay for a license
for a hotel or eating-house.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I understand thathy this
amendment he is required to pay twenty-five dol-
lars to retail spirits, but this proviso prohibits him
from selling less than three gallons.
Mr. MORRILL. This relates to an entirely
different trade, it does not relate to the retailers
by the glass, but by the gallon. Now, in the
Northeast we have no difficulty about it, because
there storekeepers are not allowed to sell liquors
anyhow.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Then I understand the
effect of the amendment to be that a retailer can-
not sell bquor to be sold on the premises unless
three gallons are drank. [Laughter.}
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts by
strikingoutthe last half of his amendment, " ex-
cept those enumerated in this paragraph."
1 rise foi the purpose of explaining to the com-
mittee what 1 think, from ihe lemarks which have
been made, is not fully understood. Ordinary
retail dealers in merchandise pay a tax tor a li-
cense often dollars. Where they retail liquors
they are charged a license of twenty dollais for
it. For that reason the committee reported the
bill in this form, that when a double license isiri
point of fact paid, the retail dealerin liquors may
also sell dry-goods and groceries. Upon that
principleof justice and equality they have reported
it in this form, so that the provision of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts defeats the principle
which is to be found throughout the bill, that
where a dealer pays a double license he may do
both businesses.
Another point to which I wishtocall attention
is this, that the term liquors in this case provided
to be sold in quantities not exceeding three gal-
lons is definitive of the business of a retail dealer,
and independent of the law touching liquor to be
drunk on the premises where they retail liquors
as their principal business.
Mr. BOUTWELD. I desire to restate my
reason for offering this amendment. The prop-
osition of the Committee of Ways and Means
works a reduction of the revenue. We have
heretofore derived a revenue of $1,200,000 from
licensed retail dealers in liquors, and ten dollars
from every licensed dealer m other goods; and if
a person desired to sell othergoodsinaddmon to
liquors he was obliged to take two licenses, and
pay therefor thirty dollars. Now, this proposi-
tion of the committee is that a person who desires
to sell goods generally and liquors also shall have
a license to do all these various kind of business
for twenty dollars—a reduction of ten dollars from
the existing law.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. KASSON. At the request of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, I propose to amend in
the fiftieth line by substituting for the words " ex-
ceeding one thousand and," stricken out, the
words " including all sales of other merchandise;"
so as to make the clause read:
Everv person whose bu ines« or occupation is to sell or
offer for sale any good*, wares, or merchandise of foreign
or domestic piodncnon, including spinte. wines, alp. beer,
or other malt liquor;#, and whose annual sales, including
all s-ales of other merchandise, do nor exceed $25,000, shall
be regarded as a retail dealer in liquors under this. aci.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 now move to amend by
• adding the proviso of which I gave notice.
I Mr. IIOTCHK1SS. I desire to move to amend
t the oiiguml paragraph.
| Mr. MORRILL. Very well. I will withdraw
| my amendment to give the gentleman an oppor-
! tunity to move his amendment.
Mr. HOTCHIUS§* t move to amend in the
fouith paragraph by striking out " twenty-five"
and inserting "ten."' .
The paragraph would then read:
4. "Retail dealer* in liquors shall pny twenty doHar* for
each license. Every per-on whose business or occupation
it is to sell or offei for «a!e any goods. wares, or merchan-
dise of foreign or domestic production', including spirits,
wines, ale, beer, or other malt liquors, and who^e* annual
sales, including sales of all other merchandise, do ex-
ceed $10,000, gdiall be regarded as a retail dealer in liquors
under this act.
I think that retail dealers whose sales of liquors
amount to as much as $10,000 a year ought to
pay a license of twenty dollars.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman from New York
will recollect that the section has been changed
on my motion by inserting in place of the woids
"exceed one thousand" the words "including
sales of all other merchandise." The effect of
the amendment, as the gentleman will see, is to
make the license apply to the entire sales of all
merchandise including liquors. I think thatshould
be sufficient.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I insist upon my motion,
and hope it will be adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD,of Iowa. I moveinlineforty-
six to strike out "twenty "and insert *( thirty n
in its place, so as to make the license thirty dol-
lars. 1 do it for this reason: there is no business
in the country which is half as profitable as this
business of selling liquors by retail. Neither,
upon the other hand, is there any business which
is so useless in the country. I think that thirty
dollars license is little enough for those engaged
in that description of business. Throughout the
country, in the little towns and villages, these
men who keep little taverns and sell liquors al
retail are making large profits and large incomes
1 know of no business in the country on which
the profits are so large in proportion to the capi-
tal invested. I think thirty dollars is an amount
small enough for these men to pay for their li-
censes.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend the same
paragraph, so as to make the license twenty-five
dollars instead of twenty dollars. Now, sir, it is
proposed that he who may sell §25,000 worth of
liquors at retail shall pay a license of twenty dol-
lars. It is well known that these men make two
or three hundred per cent, upon their sales.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will not
make a speech upon his amendment 1 will vote
for it.
Mr. GRINNELL. Very well; I wilimakeno
speech.
message from the president.
The committee here informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the President of the United States,
by Mr. nicolay, his Private Secretary, notifying
the House that he had approved and signed bills
and a joint resolution of the following titles:
An act (EE. R.No.301) to amend anactforen-
rolling and calling out the national forces, so as
to increase the rank, pay, and emoluments of the
Provost Marshal General;
An act (H. R. No. 287) to change the name of
the district and port of Presque Isle to the dis-
trict and port of Erie;
An act (H. R. No. 303) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to establish and equalize the grade
of line officers of the United States Navy," ap-
proved July 16, 1862; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 65) directing the
committee on the conduct of the war to examine
into the recent attack on Fort Pillow.
The committee then resumed its session, and
proceeded again to the consideration of the
internal REVKKUJ3 bill.
The question recurred on Mr. Grikkell's
amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
30, noes 42.
Mi. HUBBARD, of Iowa, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Steele of
New Jersey, and Grinnell, were appointed.
The amendment was agreed to; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes 58, noes 42.
The amendment of Mr. Mojumll was then
adopted.
