1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2791
My friend from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] says
that the House^has expressed, itself very emphat-
ically upon these questions. I suppose ho is
aware that the Senate expressed itseif quite as
emphatically as the House. It is because there
was a difference of opinion between the House
and the Senate that a committee of conference
was appointed. Such differences are ordinarily
compromised. Tifcre is no other way in which
we can arrive at joint action in Gases of this kind.
Now, in relation to consular pupils I have ex-
pressed myself very fully upon another occasion,
and do not care now to go over that discussion
anew. I will say, however, that a member of
the Committee on Commerce in the Senate, who
was also a member of this conference committee,
stated that applications had been sent to that com-
mittee through the Secretary of State from al-
most all our consuls asking for an increase of
salary, or that the Government would pay con-
sular clerks; and that the committee set aside all
those applications, with three exceptions, with
the expectation that provision would be made in
part at least for this demand on the part of all our
consuls by this very bill providing for twenty-five
consular pupils.
You are aware, sir, that this matter was first
brought up in 1856, by Mr. Marcy, when he was
Secretary of State. He asked that there should
be seventy-five consular pupils appointed instead
of twenty-five. The number was cut down to
twenty-five, and now the committee of confer-
ence have cut down the number still further to
thirteen, and hence this provision, if it pass, will
take only $13,000 out of the Treasury.
As I said when this matter was up before, it is
very important that these consular clerks should
be intelligent Americans, with some experience
in consular duties. A casehas come to handsmce
that debate bearing upon this very question. I
send to the Clerk a paper containing extracts from
a communication which has been sent to the State
Department, and ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Montreal, May 31,1864."
" 5inc« the death of Mr. Giddlngs the consulate m this
city has been in the hands of an inexperienced clerk, and
valuable papeis and dispatches are carelessly lying nbout
the consulate. Am] I find that a person by the name of J.
W. Hnwcsj formerly vjee consul, ha? possession of the
office to-day." ********
'•He was formeily vice consul, and is now connected
with the express business, lie has possession of the office,
and is reading di>patehes which arrived fioni the State
Department this day. Should this be so? The enemies of
out countiy may take advantage of tins condition of things
to the detriment of our countiy."
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. Giddings had no one
with him, as I understand, but a young boy,six-
teen or seventeen years of age, who was inex-
perienced in these matters. On his death the
consulate was left entirely in charge of that boy;
and this Mr. Howes, who is suspected of being
disloyal,and with all a little dishonest, so that he
cannot properly be trusted with the affairs of the
consulate, took charge of the office without any
authority.
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask the gentleman
if he is not awaie that there are at least twenty
persons seeking that office, and among them even
Senators and Representatives. v
Mr. PATTERSON. That may be so, but I
do not see how it bears upon this question. This
man Howes, before an appointment could be
made, worked his way into the consulate without
authority from any source whatever, and has
taken possession of the private papers of the con-
sulate and of communications from the State De-
partment, some of which have reference to him-
self, while others are of such a character that for
good reasons they should not come to his knowl-
edge. He has possession of those papers, and
may make such use of them as he sees fit. The
moment a knowledge of these facts came to the
State Department, measures were taken to have
him removed from the consulate. I ought, per-
haps, to say that provision had been made pre-
viously for filling the place temporarily.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from New
Hampshire has reflected on the character of J.
W. Howes, when I am satisfied he does not know
Mr. Howes. I have known him for years, and
I know this, that, unless he has changed very
much within a short period, he is as honest and
tiuc a man as the country affords, lie huu oc-
cupied very responsible positions in an express
company, and I have never heard his integrity
impeached. I know ho belongs to one of the
first families in Vermont, and i cannot but be-
lieve that any impeachments of his character are
slanders.
Mr. PATTERSON. I can only say in reply
that Mr. Giddings, having had confidence in this
Mr. Howes,communicated his impressions to the
State Department in respect to him; ■ the State De-
partment communicated with the Treasury De-
partment and received information there that he
could not be trusted, and that he should be re-
moved from the consulate. There is no reason
why he should be there now. I may be misin-
formed in relation to the gentleman; I trust I am.
But how came he there ? Plow has tills honorable
man worked his way there? He had no authority
for taking the position. But I do not wish to dis-
cuss that question further.
I wish now to say a word in reference to the
Belgian mission. I think the gentleman labors
under a mistake. He says that the proposition
is to raise the grade of the minister to Belgium.
That is not the proposition. That authority al-
ready rests with the President. The proposition
of the committee is not to authorize the President
to increase the grade of a minister, but simply to
enable him by an act of law to raise the grade
without increasing the salary.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New Hampshire a question.
Mr. PATTERSON. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WILSON. As I understand the gentle-
man from New Hampshiie the Piesident has now
the power to increase this grade of a minister
resident. If so, why is it proposed to confer that
power upon him?
Mr. PATTERSON. We do not seek to con-
fer it-
Mr. WILSON. Then why is it necessary to
have any such provision in this bill'
Mr. PATTERSON. In 1855 a bill was passed
providing that from and after the 13th of June,
the President of the United States should, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, ap-
point representatives of the grade of envoy ex-
traordinary and minister plenipotentiary to certain
countries. After the passage of that bill certain
interrogatories were put to the Attorney General
by the then Secretary of State. Among them was
this, "Can the President of the United States,
without the advice and consent of the Senate, ap-
point envoys extraordinary and ministers pleni-
potentiary in place of ministers resident, and sec-
retaries ot legation to each of them r" Mr.Cushing,
the then Attorney General, taking the materials
collected by Mr. Marcy, then Secretary ofState,
worked out his very elaborate and learned opin-
ion, which is printed in the volume that I hold in
my hand, and m which he gives the precedents
and law on that subject, showing that the practice
of the Government from its foundation had been
for the President to appoint ministers ofall grades
without any action by Congress.
The reason why the impression had gone
abroad that it was necessary to have a specific act
in order to give the President authority to appoint
ministers was that in the consular and diplomatic
bills the places were mentioned by name at which
certain salaries should be paid. That, however,
did not take place until the last session of Con-
gress under the Administration of Mr. Madison.
Previously to that the language of those appropri-
ation bills had been general. Subsequently the
consular and diplomatic bill of 1856 was intro-
duced and passed. In that act the word k' shall''
was omitted, because it was thought to be uncon-
stitutional to diroet the President to appoint min-
isters. It 13 now claimed that the act of 1860,
authorizing the appointmentof a minister to Sar-
dinia, adopted the language of 1855. So it did.
But it does not follow that'this act reasserted or
established the constitutional right of Congress
to limit or prescribe the action of the President
in these appointments.
And what is the history of that matter? Af:er
the Italian campaign, ending with the battle of
Solfermo, the Government wished to express its
sympathies for, and to pay a compliment to, the
Italian Government. A bill was drawn looking
to the appointment of a minister plenipotentiary
to thaffcourt, and if was under consideration a
long time in the Senate Committee on Foreign
Relations. Tho'phrasc wsed was that the Presi-'
dentt( may" appoint. Mr. Mason, who was then
chairman of the Committee on Foreign'Relations,*
saw the difficulty, and desired' that the phrase'
should be modified. The committee authorized
him so to correct the language of the act that-ic
should not be extra-constitutional. He labored*
over it for a long time, but was not able to put it?
in a form that would suit the object of paying a
compliment to Italy and at the same time- keep
within the language of the Constitution; and s 
he gave it up, leaving it to stand as it was. He
did not wish, however, to take the direction- of
the bill on its passage, and asked Mr. Sumner
to do so. It thus appears that the words were
placed there solely for the sake of doing a com-
plimentary thing to the new Government of i taly.
This is the history of the whole matter. The
passage of that bill was offensive to Austria, and
doubtless was one reason why that Government
protested against the appointment of Mr. Bur-
lingame as minister to Vienna, which resulted in
his transfer to his present position in China.
Mr. WILSON. 1 may not understand correctly
the answer of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, but it does not to my mind afford an answer
to the question I propounded. It is stated by the-
gentleman that the President has now the power,
by virtue of the Constitution, to appoint minis-
ters of any grade; that he has the constitutional4
power to raise the grade of the minister to Bel-
gium from that of minister resident to that of en-
voy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary.
Now, if the President possesses this power under-
and by virtue of the Constitution, can we confer
any further power upon him by act of Congress?
Lf we cannot, why should we attempt to do that
which we cannot do ? That is the question 1 de-
sire to have answered.
While I am up I will put another question, so
that the gentleman may answer both at the same
time. 1 ask him whether the provision m this bill,
in regard to fixing the rank of our ministers
abroad, has not arisen out of the case of the min-
ister to Belgium, and whether it is not sought to
put through the case of the minister to that Power
by this general provision, so as to avoid the ob-
jection made hpfore of special legislation ?
Mr. KASSON. I ask my friend from New
Hampshire to let me answer. I think I can sat-
isfy my colleagein reference to the point that he
has raised. The President has the right to ap-
point ministers plenipotentiary, but the bill pro-
vides that these ministers plenipotentiary shall
receive seventy-five per cent, of the salary fixed
for envoys. If he raises the grade from minister
resident to that of envoy, he also raises the sal-
ary, and that is not desired, because the expense
of living is more regulated by the court than by
the grade of the minister. In order to avoid the
necessity of increase of salary the committee of
conference provided that whenever such change
is made he shall only receive the salary of min-
ister resident. That fixes the compensation by
the'law of 1855,
Mr. PATTERSON. I prefer now to proceed
with my remarks. I will say, in relation to the
first question, that it was not the purpose of the
committee of conference to give the President any
power which he does not now possess, or to at-
tempt to give him by an act of Congress powers
which he holds by virtue of the Constitution. The
object was to reduce the salary of any gentleman
whom he should choose to appoint envoy extraor-
dinary and minister plenipotentiary at any court
where we now have a minister resident. That is
the only object of the proposition which the com-
mittee have laid before the House.
In relation to the appointment of the present
minister resident at the court of Belgium to a
i higher grade I know little and care less. He is a
gentleman of whom I have but little knowledge,
and I do not care the value of a straw about this
matter, so far as it concerns him. I think, how-
ever, there is a misapprehension as to the nature
of the proposition before the House.
Mr. WILSON, i think there is a misappre-
hension on the part of the conferees of the House
in lelatiorf to their own report. J t is said bythe
gentleman from New Hampshire JMr. Patter-
son"! and by my colleague [Mr. Kassoj*] that it
is not proposed in this report to confer this power
on the President—that he has it already by the
Constitution, and that consequently it is not ne-
