188
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 25,
38th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
the water-closets in the Capitol, four hundred and
thirty-eight dollars.
For compensation of four laborers in Capitol,
two thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation to the public gardener, one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of a.foreman and twenty-
oine laborers employed in the public grounds,
thirteen thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation of the keeper of the western
gate, Capitol square, eight hundred and seventy-
six dollars.
For compensation of two day watchmen em-
ployed in the Capitol square, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For compensation of two night watchmen em-
ployed at the President's House, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the
President's House, six hundred dollars.
For compensation' of assistant doorkeeper at
the President's House, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of one night watchman at the
public stables and carpenters'shops south of the
Capitol, one thousand dollars.
For compensation of watchman in reservation
number two, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of two draw-keepers at the
two bridges across the eastern branch of the Po-
tomac, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, one thousand
one hundred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of furnace-keeper under the
old Hall of the House of Representatives, six
hundred dollars.
For compensation of furnace-keeper at the
President's House, six hundred dollars.
metropolitan police.
For salaries and other necessary expenses of
the Metropolitan Police for the District of Colum-
bia, one hundred and ten thousand dollars; and
the compensation of said metropolitan force, offi-
cers, and clerks be, and the same is hereby, in-
creased fifty per centum, commencing on the
first of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
said increase to be borne by the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, and the county of Wash-
ington,in the Districtof Columbia,in the propor-
tion equal to the number of patrolmen allotted
severally to the city of Washington, to the city
of Georgetown, and the county of Washington
beyond the limits of said cities. And the corpo-
ration authorities of said cities of Washington
and Georgetown, and thelevy courtof said county
be, and they are hereby, authorized and empow-
ered to levy a special tax not exceeding one quar-
ter of one per centum for the purpose aforesaid.
For deficiency of appropriation for the Capi-
tol police, under the act of April twenty-second,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, to be expended
under the direction of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, to be paid only to loyal men, four
thousand three hundred and seventy-four dollars
and eighty-four cents.
For salary of warden of jail in the Districtof
Columbia, sixteen hundred dollars.
Sec.^2. And be it further enacted, That the office
of the Treasurer of the United States be reorgan-
ized, under the diiection of the Secretary of the
Treasury, so as to authorize the employment of
the officers and clerks, and with the annual sal-
aries hereinafter specified, viz:
One Assistant Treasurer, with a salary of
twenty-eight hundred dollars.
One cashier, with a salary of twenty-eight hun-
dred dollars.
Oneassistant cashier, with a salary of twenty-
five hundred dollars.
One chief of the division of issues, with a sal-
ary of twenty-two hundred dollars.
One chief of the division of redemption, with
a salary of twenty-two hundred dollars.
One chief of the division of loans, with a salary
of twenty-two hundred dollars.
One chief of the division of accounts, with a
salary of twenty-two hundred dollars.
One chief of the division of national banks,
with a salary of twenty-two hundred dollars.
* Two principal book-keepers, each with a salary
of twenty-two hundred dollars.
Two tellers, each with a salary of twenty-two
hundred dollars.
Two assistant tellers, each with a salary of two
thousand dollars.
One chief clerk, with a salary of two thousand
dollars.
Fifteen clerks of class four, fifteen of class three,
eleven of class two, nine of class one, one mes-
senger in charge of mails, with a salary of one
thousand dollars; nine messengers, with a sal-
ary of nine hundred dollars each; five messen-
gers, with a salary of seven hundred dollars each;
sixty female clerks, with a salary of sixhundred
dollars each; five laborers, with a salary of six
hundred dollars each, and seven female laborers,
at a salary of two hundred and forty dollars each.
And the officers,-clerks, and employes hereby
authorized shall be in lieu of all the force now
employed in the said office. And the amount
necessary to pay the salaries of said officers,
clerics, and employes, in addition to the amount
heretofore provided for the present fiscal year, is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasuryuiot otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That twenty
per centum be added to the compensation of the
females and of the messengers, watchmen, and
laborers employed in the several Departmentsand
under the Commissioner of Public Buildings, and
the Commissioner of Agriculture, andat the Cap-
itol, to commence on the first day of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, and to terminate at the
close of the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, but to be calcu-
lated only upon the amount of compensation accru-
ing after the first day of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four: Provided, however, That no sal-
ary be increased hereby so as to exceed the sum
of ten hundred dollars. And the sums necessary
to pay the additional compensation herein speci-
fied for the present arid the next fiscal years are
hereby appropriated.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
accounting officers of the Treasury are hereby
authorized and directed to allow to the late reporter
of the Supreme Court the amount of his annual
salary for.the fiscal year ending June thirty, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-four,on the production of
satisfactory evidence that he has delivered to the
Secretary of the Interior the number of copies
of the Decisions of said court prescribed by law,
and that said books have been received and ac-
cepted by said Secretary.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That, in ad-
dition to the clerical force now authorized bylaw,
the following cleiks me hereby authorized m the
office of the Commissioner of Customs, to be em-
ployed and continue only during the rebellion and
for one year after its close, viz: two clerks of
class four, two of class -three, and two of class
two, and the sum of eleven thousand two hun-
dred dollars, or so much thereof as may be ne-
cessary to pay their salaries from the date of their
appointment to the thirtieth of June, uighteen
hundred and sixty-five, is hereby appropriated
theiefor.
Sec. 6 And be it further enacted, That in ex-
ecuting the act of the thud of March, c-ighteen
hundred and forty-nme, and the act amendatory
thereof, providing for payment for steamboats
and other vessels, and railroad engines or cars
lost or destroyed while in the military service of
the United States, the Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized in person,
or 111 such manner as he may deem most compat-
ible with the public interests, to take testimony
and make such investigations as he may deem
necessary in adjudicating claims filed under said
act, and for such necessary expenses incurred
therein payment may be made out of the appro-
priation contained in said act, upon proper vouch-
ers certified and approved by the Third Auditor.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That from and
after (she first day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, in lieu of the clerks heretofore author-
ized and provided, the assistant treasureratNew
Orleans be, and he is hereby, authorized to ap-
point, with the approbation of the Secretary of
the Treasury, one chief clerk, at asalary of twenty-
five hundred dollars per annum; one clerk, at a
salary of two thousand dollars per annum; two
clerks, at a salary of fifteen hundred dollars per
annum each; one porter, at a salary of nine hun-
dred dollars per annum; and two watchmen, at a
salary of six hundred dollars per annum each;
and the compensation for such clerks for the next
fiscal year be, and the same is hereby, appropri-
ated out of any money in theTreasury not other-
wise appropriated. And in case of the sickness
or unavoidable absence of the assistant treasurer,
he may, in his discretion, authorize the chief clerk
to act in his place and to discharge all the duties
required by law of the assistant treasurer.
Sec. 8. Andbeitfurther enacted, That so many
of the clerks in the office of the Paymaster Genera!
as have been, or may be, deemed unnecessary, not
exceeding thirty-seven in number, who shall be
found competent, to be selected by the Secretary
of the Treasury, are hereby transferred to the
office of the Third Auditor of the Treasury,and
shall be classified as follows: Twelve clerks of
class two, and twenty-five of class one; and the
sum of forty-six thousand eight hundred dollars,
or so much thereof as may be found necessary,
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated for said
purpose.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized to appoint, in addition to the present
number, two appraisers for the port of New York,
at an annual salary of twenty-five hundred dol-
lars each, and the sum of five thousand dollars is
hereby appropriated therefor. For twelve addi-
tional clerks in the office of the assistant treas-
urer at New York, at an annual salary of four-
teen hundred dollars each, authorized by the act
of sixth of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, sixteen thousand eight hundred dollars.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That, in ad-
dition to the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars,
hereinbefore appropriated, for salaries and ex-
penses of nine supervising and fifty local inspect-
ors of steam vessels, with traveling and other
expenses, the sum of fifty-five thousand dollars
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That there
be, and hereby is, appointed, in the office of the
Secretary of the Treasury, five clerks of class
three, in lieu of five clerks of class one, and the
sum of two thousand dollars is hereby appropri-
ated for said purpose.
Approved, June 25, 1864.
Chap. CXLVIII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the current and contingent Expenses
of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
Treaty Stipulations with various Indian Tribes,
for the yearending June thirtieth,eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted bij the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
arc hereby, appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,for the
purpose of paying the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with the various Indian
tribes.
For the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, namely:
For the pay of superintendents of Indian affairs
and of Indian agents, ninety-eight thousand eight
hundred dollars.
For pay of sub-agents, six thousand dollars.
For the salary of the agent of the Green Bay
agency, to make the same fifteen hundred dollars
per annum, an additional sum of five hundred
dollars. "
For pay of clerk to superintendent at St. Louis,
Missouri, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For pay of temporary clerks to superintend-
ents of Indian affairs, five thousand dollars.
For pay of clerk to the superintendent of In-
dian affairs in California, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
For pay of four agents, seven thousand two
hundred dollars.
For pay of one blacksmith, oneassistantblack-
smith, one farmer, and one carpcnter, two thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For pay of interpreters, twenty-eightthousand
four hundred dollars.
For presents to Indians, five thousand dollars.
For provisions for Indians, eleven thousand
eight hundred dollars.
