770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
bounty asa w.hitc man; but m rebel States, when
we take these persons into our service and sup-
po*t their families—as we often have to do out of
the publicTreasury—the question arises whether
we should give the same bounty. While I de-
sire to make perfect equality between white and
colored troops, I do not want to take money out
of the Treasury unless it is necessary to do it.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is the difference, I
again ask, between the amendment you now pro-
pose as a substitute and the original resolution ?
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will permit
me one instant,! have just been examining these
propositions. It appears that the original resolu-
tion, as amended, provides for paying the same
compensation to colored soldiers after the 1st of
January last passed as is paid to white soldiers.
The amendment offered by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania proposes to pay the same compensation
and put them on an equality from and after the
passage of the resolution. The amendment now
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
proposes that this equality shall begin from and
after the 1st day of March next. I do not un-
derstand why the chairman of the Committee on
• Military Affairs retires from his former proposi-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. I do not. I am for the original
proposition, and prefer it to any amendment what-
ever.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I suggest that we ad-
here to it,
Mr. GRIMES. The purpose that the Senator
from Massachusetts has is to amend the substi-
tute offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania, so
that, if that substitute shall be adopted in place of
the original resolution, it will be perfect.
Mr. CONNESS.'Then I would suggest to him
to make the proposition conform to the vote al-
ready given by the Senate, to make the compen-
sation begin from and after the 1st day of January.
Mr. GRIMES. That will come up on the
question of adopting this as a substitute for theoii-
ginal proposition. I am going to vote for the
original proposition; but I am in favor of making
the substitute as perfect as I can, so that if I am
outvoted in the Senate I shall not have a bill totally
objectionable.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senate will allow me a
single moment I will state the case as I understand
it. I offered the original resolution making this
equality of pay among our troops. It was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and that
committee reported it vis it was introduced, making
it retrospective. It came into the Senate, and on
consideration it way evident that but a very small
portion of this body was in favor of the resolution
as reported. The retrospective portion of the res-
olution was stricken out on my motion, and the
first day of the year substituted. I saw clearly
that the retrospective clause would be stricken
out, and that the resolution might not pass for
three months to come. I supposed we had gained
a great deal for the colored soldiers when we fixed
the first day of the year.
Mr. CONNESS. Why notadhcrc to it?
Mi*. WILSON. I am free to say that I prefer
the original resolution; but the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] moved an amend-
ment to it, in order to avoid, as he said, the
word "color." I propose to amend thatamend-
ment so as to make it as near pcrfcct as I can, so
thatif the amendment should be adopted we shall
have it in the best form.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I suggest to the Sen-
ator, in place of offering the amendment that lie"
has offered, to amend the amendment so that the
compensation shall begin from and after the 1st i
day of January. Why leave that position? I |
do not understand it. I
Mr. WILSON. The Senator says he does j
not understand it. 11 is very plain. Thcamend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cowan] proposes to give equal pay and bounties,
to commence on the passage of the resolution, and ;
it may not pass Congress until May or June. By !
fixing the 1st day of March we have a good start- '
ing-point. The original resolution does not con-
tain equality of bounties, and if Senators will not
give the bounty of $100 to all colored persons en-
listed in the rebel States, they surely would not
consent to go back to the 1st day of January and
give the large bounties which expire on the 1st day
of March. But my desire is to stand by the joint
resolution as I introduced it, as reported by the
Military Committee, and amended by the vote of
the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I wouldletthisamend-
ment go without amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Suppose it should be adopted?
Mr. CONNESS. There is no fear of that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] as an amendment
to the amendment moved by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan.]
Theamendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I will inquire if the proposition
which I offered as an amendment in the form of
a substitute to the proposition of the Senator from
Pennsylvania be in order now?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itis in order.
Any amendment to the amendment proposed as
a substitute, or to the original proposition, is in
order.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move the three resolu-
tions which I offered as an amendment in the
nature of a substitute for the proposition of the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
The Secretary read the amendment to theamend-
ment, to strike out all of the amendment after the
word " that," and insert the following:
All negroes and mulattoes, by whatevertorm designated,
in tlie military service of the United States, be, ami the same
are hereby, declared to be dischaigei from sueh service,
and shall be disatmed as soon as piacticable; bat the Presi-
dent of the United States may retain such of said negioes
and mulattoes as he shall deem proper in the military ser-
vice as teamsters and laborers; and the commandants of
the respective regiments to which said slaves may be at-
tached shall issue to their owner or owners a certificate of
their employment in the service of the Government.
Jind be \t further resolved, That every lo> al owner of any
slave that has been heretofore or that may heieatter be
taken into the service and for the use of the United States
shall be entitled to a fair and reasonable compensation for
the semees of such slave lo  the tunc such &lave may have
been or may be in such service, to he paid quarterly; and
wheio any slave may have been killed or died through ex-
posure, or may have been disabled in such service, the
ovvnei or owners of all such slave or slave* shall be entitled
to sueh compensation as will leasoiiably satisfy them for
all damages that he, Mio, or they may nave sustained by
reason ot the death or disability of any such slave or slaves ;
and where anv such slave or slaves may become a fugitive
and be not retained to the owner, the United States shall
pay the ovvnei or owners the leasouahle value of the ser-
vice of sueh slave or slave*.
Jind be it further resolved, That the owner or owners of
any slave entitled to pay and compensation as hereinbefore
piovided for, may make out hi-*, her, ortheii account there-
for against the United States, and upon filing the same at
the Treasury Department, sustained by such vouehcis and
proofs as aie required ordinarily to<-uppoit accounts against
the United States, the same shall be audited and paid by
the proper officers, out of any money in the Treasury not
otheiwisc appropriated.
Mr. CONNESS, I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say a few words
upon the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Kentucky to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, and the subject-mat-
ter of it. i do not thinlc that I shall add or say
anything new on the subject; but as that amend-
ment has brought so directly before the Senate
the employment of negroes in putting down this
rebellion 1 desire for a moment to be heard on that
point.
The Administration have been busy for a year
or so in arming and bringing into the service black
men, the men who have been held in slavery. I
have thought that I could see in the employment
of these men the hand of retributive justice visited
upon crime. I agree entirely with what was* so
well expressed by the Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Johnson] the other day, that we northern
men had not been mainly instrumental in destroy-
ing slavery, which he conceded was in effect dead,
but it was tlie retribution of Heaven upon a stu-
pendous crime. I think I see a fitness in employ-
ing these black men who have been held so long
in slavery, to destroy the institution which has
bound them.
The Senator from Kentucky now proposes that
we disarm those men who have been broughtinto
the service; that we take from them their muskets
or their swords, or whatever they wield; that we
do not only discharge them from the service, but
keep them as teamsters, to dig in the trenches, and
to do any service for which they maybe taken, ex-
pept to bear arms, i desire to ask the Senator
from Kentucky, and I should like to have him
answer it here now if he will—I submit itin all re-
spectto him—why those men should not be armed
and put into the service of the country ? I do not
insist that he shall answer if it is at all unpleasant
to him now, bi^t I should desire him to do so if
he could do itconcisely,that I might address my-
self to his objection.
Mr. DAViS. I will do it very concisely. I
have answered that question many times in this
Senate, and I do not think it m necessary to re-
peat it again.
Mr. CLARK. Of course I will take what the
Senator says, that he has answered it many times,
and he does not desire to answer it again. Then
1 must look over perhaps the many long speeches
he has made in order to see what his answer is.
It is a labor I would not impose on anybody; and
I did not know but he might tell me in a few
words what really was his objection.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator is much worse em-
ployed veiy often.
Mr. CLARK. It may be that I am very much
worse employed, but 1 have no taste for that kind
of employment just now.
Mr. DAVIS. Why do you want me to repeat
it, then?
Mr. CLARK. But if the Senator will not an-
swer me now, as I have no time to stop to read
these speeches at this time, I must go along and
state what are my objections to turning them out
of the service.
Mr. President, the question is not one as to the
payment of money to the black man; but it is
that by the employment of the black man, in
addition to what I have said, we save the white
man. If the Senator from Kentucky, or any other
man who holds the notions which I suppose he
docs, undertakes to say that th« black man is not
worth so much as the white man, that he will
not make so good* a soldier, then 1 submit to him
and to every other person who hears me, that it
is a matter of self-interest to this country to em-
•ploy the black man if he will do even tolerably
well in putting down this rebellion; and I desire
to say here that 1 am for employing every black
man we can bring efficiently into the service, for
the reason that it saves the blood of the white
man and helps put this rebellion down quicker.
1 want that black man to have arms in his hands,
i glory in the opportunity of putting arms in his
hands, that when he puts down the rebellion lie
may put down forever the institution which has
enslaved him. I hail in it the safety of the black
man. i glory in his elevation; and 1 say hereto
the Senator from Kentucky, and I say it unhesi-
tatingly, that when you have put arms in the
hands of the black man you cannot enslave him;
and therefore I would give him arms. I would
make his arms his protection. I would teach
him to respect himself as a man, and to feel that
he is respected, and his rights preserved. Itis
for this reason, in short, that I oppose this amend*
ment of the Senator from Kentucky.
While I am up, sir, I desire to say further, that
1 am in favor of the resolution as originally offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son.] I desire to pay these black men who have
been put into the service from the earliest time
they have been efficiently employed. 1 do not
understand why it is that men are to bare their
bosoms for the country's cause, why they are to
meet the enemy with arms in their hands, why
they are to be slaughtered, why they are to be
wounded, why they are to give their blood freely
to the country, and not be paid for that service.
I do not know that we can conveniently reach the
matter so as to give every one of these black men
pay from the moment he is called into the service
of the country; but I would certainly give this pay
to those black men who have been in the field, and
especially those who have been in battle. Why
should not the men who stood up before Wagner,
why should not the men at Vicksburg, why should
not the men all along the Mississippi, though they
be black men, if they have been in the service, be
paid for their service?
I know very well that when we first talked about
employing these black men, it was a matter of ex-
periment. This Senate was very timid on the
subject. We did not know how these men might
fight. We did not know how well the country
might bear the service or the employment of the
black man; and if Senators will refer to the acts of
