2792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
cessary for Congress to undertake to confer that
which the Cohstitution has already conferred. It
is provided that envoys extraordinary and min-
isters plenipotentiary appointed at places where
the United States is represented by a minister
resident shall receive the compensation fixed by
law and appropriated for ministers resident, and
no more. 1 understand in the bill as it is proposed
to be amended it is provided that whenever the
President deems it necessary for the public good
he may increase the rank of these ministers.
Mr. PATTERSON. That is out.
Mr. WILSON. That was the provision in
the bill as originally reported. The gentleman
says that that is not the recommendation of the
committee. Then it amounts to this: the com-
mittee proposes that the President may, if he
sees proper, exercise the power which he has
under the Constitution to increase the rank of a
minister resident to that of envoy extraordinary,
and that the person whose rank is thus increased
shall not receive any additional compensation.
It seems to me that it is not in accordance with
the proper respect due on the part of this House
to the dignity which should be maintained by this
Government abroad to say that an officer shall
have increased rank but not receive the compen-
sation due to his increased rank.
By reading this report, I see that so far as an
attempt upon the part of the committee to confer
power upon the President is concerned I was in
error, as is also the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire; and therefore the answer of my colleague
is complete in that regard; but that does not do
away with the difficulty of tacitly inviting the
President to increase the rank of the minister at
Belgium, who represents us at the court of a
foreign Power which has been most active in
bringing about the establishment of Maximilian
as emperor of the new empire of Mexico. Now
that is a thing, when viewed in connection with
the action tins House has taken heretofore, which
I think we ought not to do; neither should we in-
vite the President, directly or indirectly, to do it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was not
my good fortuno to lie present when this matter
was discussed on the original consideration of the
bill, and I did not hear what I have since read,
the very elaborate and exhaustive speech of the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Patter-
son] upon the question of consular pupils, a ques-
tion which in the first instance ought to have oeen
referred to the Committee on Commerce. But,
while I have no very fixed opinions upon the
nubject of consular pupils, I must say I am un-
alterably opposed to raising the grade of this
minister at Belgium, for the reason that 1 think,
as my friend from Iowa has suggested, it must
necessarily bring with it an increase of his salary,
and I think it ought to. I undertake to say that if
this provision is adopted, by the next Congress we
shall have a provision in the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill to pay this minister the full
amount of salary corresponding with the grade,
and I think he ought to have it.
It is conccded that the President has authority,
without any act of Congress, to appoint these
ministers wherever he pleases; yet by putting in
this provision here we invite the raising the grade
in this instance and in many others; and this
raising the grade, I say, will necessarily bring
with it a demand for a corresponding salary.
1 must therefore vote against the report of the
committee of conference, with the hope that the
bill will go to another committee, which will at
least cut out this provision for raising the grade
of this minister at Belgium, a court which, as the
gentleman has said, is more hostile to us than
almost any court in Europe. Indeed, I recently
received a letter from a gentleman occupying a
diplomatic position in Europe in which he spoke
of the hostility of this court, and in which he ex-
pressed a hope that no action of our Congress
would give any increased dignity to that couit by
raising the guide of our minister.
Mr. SPALDING. When this matter was up
before it was fully discussed, and the House,
after a great deal of deliberation, voted against
both of these propositions. They voted decidedly
against the appointing of these consular pupils,
as they were then termed, some twenty-five in
number, and now by the arrangement made by
the conference committee the number is proposed
to be lessened to thii teen, and their names changed
from pupils to clerks, the principle remaining the
same. This whole matter is an innovation upon
the long-established usages of our country. Here-
tofore there has been no difficulty in finding
among the great mass of our citizens a sufficient
number to attend to the duties of these consulates,
and yet it is now proposed to institute a favored
class of individuals, who are to have fixed sala-
ries, be educated, and who are not to be removable
except under certain circumstances. To all that
I object.
I object also to this specific legislation, under
the guise of general legislation, to raise the grade
of the minister resident at Belgium. It was said
when this matter was before the House on a former
occasion that the present incumbent was a man
of affluence and needed no increase of salary.
Now, I object to raising the rank for the conven-
ience of any man, be his circumstances affluent
or otherwise. I know the professed object now
is to make the bill general and to accommodate
it to all our foreign missions, but I cannot shut
my eyes to the true object as developed when this
measure was before us some weeks since. Then
the provision was specific; then it was to accom-
modate the incumbent of the office at Belgium;
and I cannot come to any other conclusion than
that the true object now is, under a general pro-
vision, to accomplish that same purpose. I ob-
ject to that.
I regret that this measure is reported when there
are so many members of the House absent. I
am sorry that this measure as to be sprung upon
the House at this time; but if gentlemen are de-
termined to press it to a vote I shall content my-
self with voting now as I have heretofore done,
against these measures.
The learned gentleman from New Hampshire
tells us that information comes either from the
Committee on Commerce of the Senate or from
the State Department that from nearly all our
consulates a demand lias come for an increase of
salary. Why, sir, that is nothing unnatuial or
unexpected. VVe have not an officer in the ser-
vice of the Government at this time who would
not be glad to have an increase of his salary, and
very many of them have sent in demands for an
increase.
Mr. PATTERSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to explain for a moment.'
Mr. SPALDING. With pleasure.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to say that the
salary of consuls was fixed by the act of 1856,
with the expectation that these consular pupils or
clerks would be appointed, and by the act of last
Congress requiring triplicate invoices of all goods
imported into this country the labors of consuls
were very much increased. That act has saved
to the Government many thousands in consular
fees, and has saved to the revenue, it is estimated,
810,000,000 by the prevention of frauds. But it
has so increased the labors of consuls that where
they formerly hired only one clerk they are now
required to employ three or four, and they are
consequently unable to pay for clerical hire.
Mr. SPALDliSG. I give my fiiend from New
Hampshire full credit for that explanation. 1
was about commenting upon it, for I understood
him to say substantially when he was up before
that the duties of consuls had been largely in-
creased; that they were appointed under the ex-
pectation that they would have the benefit of these
consular pupils or clerks; that is to say, clerks
employed at the public expense and not at their
own; and that now they are compelled to employ
and pay their own clerks. I giant that their du-
ties have perhaps been increased and made more
arduous, but that is the case with most of the em-
ployes of the Government. I appeal to the gen-
tleman if it is not the case with membeis of Con-
gress even, and if our duties are not four times as
arduous and embarrassing as the duties of mem-
bers of Congress were six years ago ? Ami yet
our pay is not raised. These foreign consuls all
receive their pay as heretofore, in coin, and, as
compared with the salaiy we receive for our poor
services, their pay is nearly two dollars for our
one.
Now, 1 wish to put this plain question to the
gentleman from New Hampshire, if, with all tins
information from the Committee on Commerce of
the Senate, and all this information from the Slate
Department us to the demands of our foieign con-
suls for an increase of payor an inciease of then
salaries by the employment of consular clerks,
he has heard of one solitary individual of them
who has intimated a purpose of resigning his
place unless his demands are complied with? If
he will give me one instance 1 will give up to him
the whole argument.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will give the gentleman
one or two instances. Theconsul at Glasgow has
intimated to the State Department that he shall
be obliged to resign and come home, for he can-
not live on his salary. The consul at Marseilles
has intimated the same thing, and has overrun
the income of the office three or four thousand
doll.ars a year.
Mr. COX. With the permission of my col-
league, I will say that I have here a paper from
the Slate Department, which shows the additional
amounts paid forclerk hire by several of the most
important consuls, who expected to have the as-
sistance of these clerks. It is stated in this doc-
ument that the necessary clerical and office ex-
penses in 1858 were as follows—these expenses
are paid entirely by the consul, from their own
compensation—namely: at Liverpool, $4,000; at
Havre, (§3,000; at Hilo > $'2,000; at Lahaina, $3,000;
at Calcutta, $5,590; at Aspinwall, $000; at Hon-
olulu, $3,000; at Havana, $4,000. The consul nt
Paris states that he now pays for clerk hire $2,755
per annum. At Shanghai, the same item, $6,550.
This additional clerical force, I presume my col-
league understands, is in consequence of our own
legislation. Mr. Seward, in his letter of January
9, 1864, upon this subject, says:
"TJnder the provisions also of tile act of the 3d ot'March
last, iiy which ail invoices of poods imported into the Uni-
ted States, instead <>! a few only, Wiin lormeriy the case,
are requned to be authenticated, and that, too, in tripli-
cate, the clerical work in the consulates lias increased
many fold; and while the amount of consular fees paid
into the Trcasuiy is largely augmented, the consuls have
received no increase of compensation for the additional
labor and eleiicai expense to winch they aie thereby sub-
jected."
Then follows a statement of additional fees paid
into the Treasury by consuls, showing an inciease
in the past year of over one bundled thousand
dollars.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
from the gentleman from Ohio that this increased
cost for clerk hire is owing to the law of last Con-
gress in regard to triplicating invoices.
Mr. COX. A large amount of the additional
labor thrown upon consuls was in consequence
of that law. It was fully understood at the time
that the law was enacted that it would increase
the clerical labor in the consulates.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That I un-
derstand; and I think it affords a very good rea-
son why there should be an increase of these
clerks. I understand, further, that the law lias
operated very much to the benefit of the Govern-
ment in the detection and prevention of commer-
cial frauds.
Mr. COX. I see by a statement made in tho
Senate by the Senator from Michigan that some
ten million dullais baa been saved to the Treas-
ury of ihe United States in the detection of at-
tempted frauds owing to this new system of in-
voices. The Government really loses nothing,
but gains much by increasing the number of con-
sular cleiks. ltis aquestion notmerely of econ-
omy but of justice to consuls who luive to pay
their clerks out of their own salaries.
Mr. KASSON. 1 believe the ground has been
as fully covered in this debate as we can expect
it to be. ! move the previous question.
I\lr. MORRILL. I withdraw the motion to
postpone, but 1 hope the House will reject the
lepoi t.
Air. STROUSE. I desire to submit a few
U'maiks to the House.
Mr. KASSON. 1 will withdraw the previous
question in favor of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. STROUSE. I thank the gentleman from
Iowa for withdrawing the previous question.
Mr. Speaker, 1 very rarely take up the time ot
the House for the puipose of delaying necessaiy
legislation; but I think it due to the subject be-
fore the House now to say a few words upon it.
It is surprising to me, Mr. Speaker, to see oppo-
sition made when matters ot this kind come up.
There are certainly some moments when the bit-
ter feelings of partisan antagonism can be it laxcd
in this House. Alter all, I bulieve we ate yet
