THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBI.
April 22,
The Clerk read, as follows:
5. Lottery ticket dealers shall pay $100 for each license.
Every person, association, firm, oi corporation, who shall
make, sell, or offer to sell lottery tickets, or iractiounl parts
thereof or any token, certificate, or device, lepreseiitmgor 1
intended to leprcsent a lottery ticket, or any fractional part
thereof, or any policy ot number* in any lottery, or shall
manage any lottery, or prepare schemes oflotteries, or su-
perintend the drawing of any lottery, shall be deemed a lot-
tery ticket dealer under this act.
Mr. PRUYN, I move to strike that out. We
ought not, I think, in any way to recognize the
legality oflotteries.
jMr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will read
the law he wilt find that we do not recognize lot-
teries, but we propose to tax them where they are
recognized to be legal.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, moved to increase
it from $100 to $150.
Mr. MORRILL. We have tried these excess-
ive taxes without getting any receipts, and we
how propose to get some revenue.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
6- Horse-dealersshall payfor each license thesum of ten
dollars. .Any poison whoso business it is to buy and sell
horses or mule-* shall be legarded as a horse dealer under
this act: Provided, That one license having been paid, no
additional license shall be requited of any hor e dealer
who keeps a livery stable, nor of an> Uveiy stable keeper
who may also be a horse-dealer.
Mr. MORRILL moved to strike out "and"
and insert " or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent
that we shall have leave to go back and make the
amendmentsuggested by thegentleman from New
York [Mr. Pruyn] in reference to the sanitary
commission.
There was no objection, and leave was granted.
The Clerk read, as follows:
8. Brokers using or employing a capital not exceeding
the sum of $50,000, shall pay fitly dollars for each license.
Every person, fit in, or company, except such as hold a li-
cense as a banker. \vho«e businecc it w to purchase or sell
stocks, exchange, bullion, coined money, bank notes, prom-
issory notes, or other securities for others, and shall make
oath or afliunntion, according to the hum to be prescribed
by the Conuni-Moner of Interval Revenue, that all their
liansactioib are made for a commission, shall be regarded
as a bioker under this act: Provided, That any person hold-
ing a license as a banker shall not be required to take out
a license as a broker.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out <( not
exceeding the sum of $50,000." Mr. Chairman,
we found that the idea of taxing brokers doing
business for others on the amount of capital em-
ployed was impracticable, and v/e tax the busi-
ness a certain percentage.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, I move to insert after the
word " others*' the words " shall be regarded as
a broker under this act,''and strike out the words
where they afterwards occur.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to insert before
the word ''others" the words " themselves or."
Those words are contained in the existing law;
and in the application of the existing law we
found this to be the fact: there are many persons in
this country having large capital who are engaged
in buying and selling securities on their own ac-
count. By the construction of the law we made
those persons take out a license as brokers and
contribute in a little degree to the revenues of the i
Government. They are men generally who do j
not pay agreatdeal. 1 think that they ought not j
to be exempted, but that they ought to be made to I
pay a license tax. j
Mr MORRILL. I beg to say in response to j
the gentleman from Massachusetts that the class |
to which he has alluded arc provided for under
the head of hankers. If they do that kind of busi-
ness they will have to pay double the amount they
will have to pay as brokers. I hope that the
amendment will not prevail,forthereby we should
abolish the distinction we have made between
bankers and brokers.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I hope the committee
will pardon me for another minute. I have ex-
amined the provision in regard to bankers as
amended, and my impression is that it does not
cover this class of men. They do not open an
account with anybody. They are engaged in buy-
ing and Belling notes, and other kinds of property
represented by paper; and they have no regular
places of business.
Mr. STEVENS. I see no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I suggest to the
gentleman from Vermont that he has included
in this class promissory note bankers. In New
York they are rhostly a class of itinerant orstrict
brokers who have no capital whatever, and can
scarcely make a living. I would like to know
whether it is right to include them as bankers,
and make them pay a tax of fifty dollars.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose an amendment?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I move to strike
out the words " promissory note brokers." We
have in New Yoik a class of brokers not referred
to in the hill, and all would be unlicensed and un-
taxed if the bill passes in the form in which it
now stands. We have chemical brokers, drug
brokers, cotton brokers, dry-goods brokers, and
in short, twenty different kinds of brokers, all
distinctive, confining their operations exclusively
to one particular class of goods, many of them
doing business to the amount of hundreds of thou-
sandsof dollarsayear,and they would be wholly
exempt. I desire that they may be included, but
at the same time I desire that those who scarcely
get a living shall not be obliged to pay fifty dol-
lars, thus putting them on a footing with bankers
who do a business upon a capital of many hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars.
Mr. MORRILL. There is so much noise that
I could not hear distinctly what thegentleman said.
But if I understood him correctly,! will say that if
he will propose an amendment including those
classes, I think the committee will have no objec-
tion to it; but as his amendment does not accom-
plish that object, 1 am opposed to it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The tenth paragraph was read, as follows;
JO. Land wairunt biokers -ball pay twenty-five dollars
for each license. Any person shall be regaided as a land-
warrant brokei within the meaning of this act who makes
a business of buying and selling land-warrants, and of fur-
nishing them to settleis or other persons under contracts
to have hens upon the land piocured by means of them ac-
cording to the value agreed on lor the warrants at the time
they aio furnished.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words " and of" after the word " war-
rants" where it first occurs, and insert the word
" or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out all after the word " persons."
The amendment was agreed to.
The eleventh paragraph was read, as follows:
11. Cattle brokers shall pay for each licence the sum often
dollars. Any person whose business it is to buy and sell
and deal in cattle, hogs, or sheep, shall be considered as a
cattle broker.
Mr. Morrill, i move to amend by insert-
ing after the words " cattle broker" the words
" whose annual sales do not exceed the sum of
§10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after the
word dollars" the words " and if exceeding the
sum of $10,000, one dollar for each additional
$1,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
word " and" wherever it occurs in the paragraph,
and insert " or" in lieu thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The twelfth paragraph was read, as follows:
12. Produce brokers shall pay ten dollars for each license.
Every person, other than one holding a license as a broker,
vvho^e occupation it is to buy or sell agricultural or larni
products s>hall be regarded as a produce broker under this
act: Provided, That any produce broker whose annual
sales or purchases exceed the sum of $£5,000 shall pay fifty
dollars, ibr each license.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word " brokers" the woids " whose
annual sales do not exceed the sum of $10,000. I
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by insert- j
ing before the word " broker," where it first oc- !
curs, the words " wholesale or retail dealer or." !
The amendment was agreed to. '
Mr. MORRILL, I move to amend by insert- !
ing after the word " license," where it first occurs,
the words " and if exceeding the sum of $10,000,
one dollar for each additional $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move to amend by strik-
ing 6ut the proviso of the paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr. KASSON. Before we proceed to the con-
sideration of the next paragraph, 1 would inquire
of the gentleman from Vermont if he has not
forgotten a section which was agreed upon by the
committee in reference to commercial brokers?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir; I move to amend
by inserting as a new paragraph after the one
last read the following:
Commercial brokers, whose annual sales do not exceed
§23,000, shall pay twenty dollars lor each license; and
if exceeding the sum of .$25,000, one dollar for each
additional $1,000. Any person oi fiim except one holding
a license as wholesale dealer whose business it is,as the
agent of others, to purchase or sell goods, or seek orders
therefor as in original or unbroken packages, or to manage
business matters for the owners of vessels or for shippers
or consigners of freight carried by vessels, shall be re-
garded a commercial broker under this act.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I move to amend
the proposition of the gentleman from Vermont
so as to include all the various classes of brokers
not specially designated. We have in the city
ofNew York brokers in chemicals, drugs, China
and India goods, cotton, dry goods, dye-stuffs,
fruits and spices, general merchandise, hides and
leather, loan, metal, oil, ship, silk, sugar, tea,
tobacco, wine, woods, and wool. All these are
distinctive classes of brokers, and should fall
within the license. I would therefore suggest
that the amendment be amended by inserting after
the word " meichandise" the words " or other
brokers."
Mr. KASSON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that he add "and not otherwise provided
for under this act."
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I will accept that
modification. That would cover the whole case.
Mr. MORRILL. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to insert after the word "goods"
the words " wares and merchandise not other-
wise provided for under this act."
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. 1 think that meets
my suggestion, and I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. That seems all right.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move now to insert after
the words "shippers or consigners" the words
" or consignees."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In consequence of an amend-
ment adopted yesterday, it becomes necessary to
move to insert after the word " crude," in the
one hundred and fifty-fifth line, the words "or
refined;" and to insert after the word "crude,"
in the one hundred and fifty-sixth line, the same
words; so that the paragraph will read :
17. Coal oil distillers shall pay tor each license the sum
of fifty dollars. Any person, firm, or eoipor.uion who shall
refine, produce, or distill crude or refined petroleum or rock
oil, or crude coal oil, or refined oi crude oil made of as-
phaltum, shale, peat, or other bituminous substances, shall
be regarded a coal oil distiller under this act.
I offer that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move now to insert in line
one hundred and fifty-seven, after the word " sub-
stances," the words " or who shall manufacture
coal illuminating oil."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out on page
87, lines one hundred and seventy-six and one
hundred and seventy-seven, and on page 88, lines
one hundred and seventy-eight and one hundred
and seventy-nine, down to and including the word
" act," as follows:
All steamers and vessels upon waters of the United States
on board of which passengers or travelers aie provided with
food or lodging shall be required to take out a license of
the filth class, as af'oiesaid, under this act.
And to insert after the word " provided," in
line one hundred and eighty-three, the following:
AM steamers and vessels upon the waters of the United
States on board of which passengers or travelers are pro-
vided with food or lodging shall be subject to and required
to pay twenty-five dollais for each Ucense.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move to strike out
m lines one hundred and seventy-four and one
