1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
2793
American citizens and Representatives of the
American people, [f there ever was a time when
it was our duty to let the world know that we
intend honestly and conscientiously to maintain
the integrity mid honor of the Republic, that time
is now. We can show that spirit in one way by
exercising liberality toward our representatives
abroad. I am astonished that gentlemen who
pride themselves ori their patriotism and loyalty,
and who represent patriotic and loyal districts,
should rise here and oppose measures that are
calculated to bring credit and honor to the coun-
try.
I have heard one gentleman remark, in the course
of this debate, that our consuls abroad are paid in
gold. Certainly they are. In what else should
they be paid? We, here, are content and are
compelled to take paper money at par, and we do
not grumble at it, because it is the currency of the
country at present. But I would like to ask that
gentleman, or any other gentleman of his pecu-
liar political persuasion, what he could purchase
for a bushel of greenbacks at Ningpo, Manilla,
Shanghai, Jeddo, St. Petersburg, Nassau, Gib-
raltar, Bremen, Hamburg, Bordeaux, Rio de Ja-
neiro, or even at Cluebec, on our very borders?
Why, he would not get a breakfast for a ship-
load of them.
I am astonished to hear this sort of twaddle in
the Hall of the House of Representatives of the
United States of America. Is gold so scarce? It
is not scarce. We have more gold in this coun-
try now than there is in the rest of the world.
Our Pennsylvania farmers have gold by the thou-
sands of dollars. Gold is not scarce. It is not
appreciated; paper is depreciated. We simply
keep up the credit of greenbacks by mutual con-
fidence. And we, who are denounced daily as
copperheads, are the men who help to give them
credit. We take this currency; we pay it out;
we buy and sell for it; we look upon it as the
currency of the country, because it has that an-
cient and patriotic title," The United States prom-
ise to pay." Greenbacks are a " necessary evil."
Now, sir, I want to hear no more of this. Let
.our consuls, our ministers resident, our embas-
sadors, our envoys extraordinary and ministers
plenipotentiary, who are the representatives of
the United States abroad, whether, like the late
Mr. Giddings, in Canada, or in Japan, be paid
in gold. Let them be paid liberally ; let them be
able, under all circumstances and in whatever
country, be able to stand up under the American
flag and say proudly, " I am the representative of
the United States of America." We want 110
" small potato business" here. [Laughter.] We
want our men paid well. We want them paid
in coin. We want them paid in the money of the
world. We want them paid in gold, the stand-
ard of value, the money of the Constitution. If
we take "greenbacks" that is our own business.
We do not propose to let outsiders interfere in
our internal affairs; lam for the Monroe doctrine
in everything. When we go among foreign na-
tions let us show that we not only have paper
money but gold.
Why, sir, we have more gold than any other
nation. Our mines in California and elsewhere
are continually producing gold. And, sir, not
only that, I represent the great coal and iron
mines of Pennsylvania, which produce enough to
pay the whole corps diplomatique in sound metal.
Our resources are inexhaustible and we should
deal liberally by all of our representatives at home
and abroad, to give strength, credit, and renown
to our Republic, which will, in a short time, un-
der Democratic rule, be again the United Stales of
Jlmcrica!
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
a few words in reply to what has been said. I
think that the question involved is a very plain
one. It is whether under the existing law when
ministers resident are raised to the rank of en-
voys their salaries shall be increased as is pro-
vided in the law of 1855. It is deemed proper at
this time, when we do not wish to increase these
salaries, that a provision to that effect should be
incorporated into this bill. That is all there is
of it. I certainly think that the House, as well
as the Senate, will yield to that amendment. It
is simply an economical provision and nothing
else.
As to the other question, it is generally conceded
that it is to the interest of commerce to adopt this
provision; that it is a duty we owe to the com-
merce of the country to give these additional
clerks. Some of the members of the Committee
on Commerce I know are interested in this matter.
We leave the power where it is, but take away
the necessity of raising the pay of these ministers;
that is all there is of it.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, with the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Iowa I will say a few
words. It seems to me there has been one over-
sight in considering this proposition. Gentlemen
have failed to mention the annoyance and morti-
fication of our ministers resident abroad, when
they see the representatives of fourth-rate Pow-
ers taking precedence of the representatives of
this great «ation. In my judgment, this state of
affairs is derogatory to our dignity and injurious
to our interests. The critical state of our interna-
tional relations constitutes a cogent, strong, and
urgentreason for its immediate correction. 1 think
that their rank ought in many cases to be raised;
and I am in favor not only of raising the rank, but
also of increasing the pay of these ministers resi-
dent. I would place them in a position where they
would not be subjected to the present humiliation,
or be injured in the influence legitimately belong-
ing to them as the representatives of this Govern-
ment. In regard to the clerks for whom this bill
isintended to provide I would say that provision is
rendered necessary in consequence of Congress
failing to carry into effect the law concerning con-
sular pupils. Our principal consuls have been
com pelted to employ their own clerks, and to pay
them out of their own salaries. The intention of
the original act was to give them pupils in place
of clerks; and I think that this provision is just
and proper.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
37, noes 52; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; andMessrs. Wilson and
Cox were appointed.
The report was rejected; the tellers having re-
ported—ayes 39, noes 55.
Mr. MORRILL moved that there be a further
conference 011 the disagreeing votes between the
two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
GOLD BILL AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The House will now re-
sume the consideration of the gold bill.
Mr. STROUSE moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed (o.
Mr. HOOPER. Mr. Speaker, beijpre calling
the previous question I wish to say a few words
in reply to the objections which have been urged
against the bill. It seems tome those objections
are ingenious and technical rather than practical.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Gan-
son] objects 011 the ground that a contract for the
transportation of gold would be prohibited by the
term "delivery," as contained in this bill. It oc-
curs to me that the express man is acting as the
agent for the purchaser, and the delivery referred
to in my amendment takes place when the gold
is put into his possession for transportation. But
to meet the objection I will modify my amendment
by striking out the word " or" in the fourth line
and inserting "and;" so that it will read "sale
 _nserting
and delivery," &c.; and I make the same modifi-
cation in line thirteen, after the word " sale;" ant.
also in the twenty-second line.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendletok]
asks me upon what phrase in the Constitution
this bill is founded. I would call his attention to
the eighth section, which authorizes Congress to
provide for the general welfare; and also to the
next paragraph but one, which grants the power
to regulate commerce with foreign nations. There
is also the power to coin money and regulate the
value thereof. I move the previous question on
the bill.
Mr. DRIGGS. Will the gentleman allow me
to say one word? I ask but tor a minute.
Mi. HOOPER. I will, if the gentleman will
renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will. 1 desire simply tosay
that though my experience in gold speculation
is probably not greater than that of other mem-
beis, at the same time I am decidedly opposed to
any attempt by legislation to regulate transactions
between individuals. ,1 conceive that we should
only make ourselves ridiculous by the attempt.
This bill provides that it shall be unlawful to .make
any contract for the delivery of gold or to, pay
in any other currency than that of the United
States. Now, sir, suppose I Were the owner of
a house and lot, or of any other property which
I desired to exchange for gold. Can the Con-
gress of the United States prevent any such trans-
action between myself and my neighbor! I think
not. If I might be allowed to offer an amend-
ment I would move to strike outall after the enact-
ing clause, and the bill would then be more val-
uable than it is in its present shape. I renew the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. COX called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 53, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Alien, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, James S. Brown, Chanter, Cox, IMggs, Eden,
Edgerton, Eldridge, Finck, Ganson, Griswold, Hale, Hard-
in!.'. Harrington, Charles M. Harris, Higby, Hutehins, Wil-
liam Johnson, King, Knapp, Law, Long, Mallory, Marcy,
McDowell, James K.Morris, Morrison, Noble,Pendleton,
Perry, Price, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Ross, Scott,
Starr, William G. Steele, Strouse, Sweat, Thomas, Tracy,
Upson, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Ward, William B. Wash-
burn, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Wil-
liams, and Winfteld—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allisorr, Arnold, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Beainan, Jacob B. Blair, Boutweli, Ambrose
W. Clark, Cobb, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis,
Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Eliot, Fenton, Frank, Gooch,
Giinnell, Hooper, Hotclikiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John
H. Huhbard, Ilullmrd, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Kasson,
Kelley, Littlejohn, Longyear, Marvin, Samuel F. Miller,
Morrill, Daniel Morris, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Alexander
H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Sloan, Spalding, Thayer,
Elihu B. Wasliburne, Webster, Wilson, and Windom—47.
So the bill was laid on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HOLMAN stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Kellogg, of Michigan, otherwise he
would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. ANCONA stated that Mr. Miller, of
Pennsylvania, was detained from the House by
sickness.
Mr. GANSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Upon that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and there were—yeas
51, nays 51; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, James S. Brown, Chanler, Cox, Driggs, Eden,
Edgerton, Eldridge, Finck, Ganson, Griswold, Harding,
Harrington, Charles M. Harris, Higby, Hutehins, William
Johnson, King, Knapp, Law, Long, Mallory, Marcy, Mc-
Dowell, James R. Moms, Morrison, Noble, Odell, Pendle-
ton, Perlmm, Perry, Price, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson,
Ross, Scott, Starr, William G. Steele, Strouse, Sweat,
Thomas, Tracy, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Ward, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, and Winfield—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Arnold, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Beaman, Jacob B. ISIair, Boutwell, Ambrose
W. Clark, Cobb, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis,
Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Eliot, Fenton, Frank, Gooch,
Grinnell, Hale, flooner, Hotclikiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian,
Kasson, Kelley, Littlejohn, Longyear, Marvin, Samuel F.
Miller, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Pat-
terson, Alexander H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Sloan,
Spalding, Thayer, Upson, Elihu B. Wasliburne, William
B. Washburn, Webster, Wilson, and Windom—51.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes m the neg-
ative, and the motion is not laid on the table.
The question recurred on the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. WILSON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
hardly necessary, inasmuch as the motion will
not be debatable.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
postpone the motion to reconsider until to-mor-
row, and on that motion I demand the previous
question.
Mr. COX. I move to postpone it indefinitely.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man has not the floor to make that motion.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois that he move to postpone it until
Saturday next.
