2794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the demand for the previous question, and now
move to postpone the further consideration of the
motion until Saturday next, after the morning
hour, and upon that motion I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the whole subject
on the tabic, including the gentleman's motion
and everything else.
The SPEAKER. Thatmotion is in order,an-
other motion having intervened since the question
was last taken upon laying on the table.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays on my
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 49, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Anconn, Augustus C.
Baldwin, James S. Brown, Ohanlei, Cox, Eden, Edgerton,
Eldridge, Finck, Ganson, Griswold, Hale, Harding, Har-
rington, Charles M. Harris, Higby, Hutchins, William
Johnson, King, Knapp, Law, Long, Mallory, Marcy, Mc-
Dowell, James R. Morris, Morrison, Noble, Odell, Pendle-
ton,Perry, Price, SamuelJ. Randall, Robinson,Ho«ts,Scott,
William G. Steele, iSt rouse, Sweat, Thomas, Tracy, Voor-
hees, YVadsworth, Ward, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, and Winfield—-49.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, John D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Beainan, Jacob B.Blair,BoutweU,Broom-
all, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Henry Winter Davis,Thomas
T. Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Eliot, Fenron, Frank,
Gooch, Gnnnell, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Hulbmd, lugersoll, J euckps, Julian, Ka^sou, KeIley,LitiIe-
John, Longyear, Marvin, Samuel 1\ Miller, Darnel Morris,
Charles O'Neill, Oitli, Paiterson, Perham, Alexander II.
Rice, Edwaid fi. Rollins, rtloan, Spalding, Starr, Thayer,
Upson, Ellihu B. Washlmrno, William B. Washburn,
Webster, Wilson, Window, and Woodbridge — 53.
So the House refused to lay the whole subject
on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr, A. W. CLARK stated that his eollesguc,
Mr-VANVALKENBURGH, was absent from the city.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred on the
demand for the previous question on the motion
to postpone until Saturday.
The previous question wn.i seconded, ant! the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the motion to postpone was agreed tn.
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
On motion of Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous con-
sent, Senate bill No. 109, to expedite the settle-
ment of titles to land in the State of California,
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
VKTO POWHIl IN WASHINGTON TBItRITOTtr.
The SPEAKER stated the next business m
order to be the consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday, being the bill of the Sen-
ate in regard to the veto power in Washington
Territory, the pending question being on the
pannage ofthe bill.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust my
friend from X^ennsylvania will not press thatmo-
tion. The gentleman from Washington [Mr.
Colk] has the floor upon the pending bill, and I
am sure we shall all be very much gratified to hear
him. I hope he will be permitted to proceed with
his remarks.
Mr. THAYER. Very well, sir; I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. COLE, of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I
could not allow this measute, which all'ects the
people whom I have the honor to representon this
floor, to pass without entering my solemn protest
against it. By what influence the Senate was in-
duced to pass the bill is unknown to me, except
so far as appears from the record of the action of
that body m regard to it.
I do not. know any one in the Territory of
Washington who desires the passage of this act.
1 have been asked by several members, since this
matter was up yesterday, why it is that the Ter-
ritory of Washington should be made an excep-
tion to all the other Territories in this matter of
giving the veto power to the Governor. X would
reply to that inquiry by giving a short history of
the organization of that Territory,
In 1848 the Congress of the United States passed
nn net oigamztng all our then possessions on the
Pacific coast beyond the Rocky mountains into
the Ttrntoiy ol'Oregon. All that country north
of the forty-second parallel and south of the forty-
ninth parallel, lying between the Rocky mount-
ains and the Pacific ocean, was organized into
the Territory of Oregon. There was a popula-
tion there which had formed a provisional govern-
ment, made its own laws, elected its own Governor
and various territorial officers, its Legislature
and its judges, and governed itself until the year
1848, when Congress saw fit to organize that
country into a Territory of the United States.
The people who had settled that country were
mostly from the frontier States of the West, from
Illinois, Iowa, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota,
and Missouri. They had traversed the plains
and had endured hardships innumerable. They
had, in fact, settled in favor of the Government
of the United States the question of title between
it and the Government of Great Britain to all that
country on the Pacific coast. Finding that this
people had done so much to give to the United
States our vast Pacific possessions, and that they
had shown themselves so competent for self-gov-
ernment, Congress, in providing an organic act
for the Territory, left out, contrary to the usual
custom in organizing new Territories, the pro-
vision giving the veto power to the Governor.
Congress also gave to that Territory other legis-
lation which it has nevergiven to any other Ter-
ritory of the United States, fn the year 1850
Congress passed an act giving to an actual set-
tler on the public lands in the Territory of Ore-
gon, which then comprised Washington Terri-
tory, six hundred and forty acres if he were a
married man, and three hundred and twenty acres
if he were a single man, conditioned upon four
years' residence and cultivation. This was done
probably for the same reason as that for which
Congress gave to the Territory a liberal organic
act, as a remuneration in part for the essential
service rendered by that people to the Govern-
ment.
I had the honor of taking some part in the early
legislation of the Territory of Oregon. I became
a resident of Otegon in 1850, and was a resident
of it during eight years of its territorial exist-
ence. About a quarter of the population of the
Territory was embraced within the present limits
of Washington Territory, prior to its organiza-
tion. The population were of the same character
and class—a permanent, industrious people, not
a migratory people like those of California or of
the new Territories of Idaho and Montana. It
is true that a portion of Idaho was taken from
Washington, in fact all of present Idaho; but it
was settled up, not by the old settlers of Wash-
ington Territory, but principally by Californians
and peopld from the States.
In 1853 the oiganic act of Washington Terri-
tory was passed by Congress, and the people
were allowed the same puvileges in regard to
enacting their laws that the people of Oregon Ter-
ritory were in the act organizing that Territory.
In order that the House may understand just
what powers were given to the people of Wash-
ington Territory in their organic act, I will ask
the Clerk to read a section from the law organ-
izing the Territory.
The Clerk read, as follows :
Sec. 6. Jlndbc it further cnactcd, That the legislative
power ot the 'Punitory shall extend to all ughtful subjects
ol legislation, not ineon-aiient \\ ith the Constitution and
laws of thoUmfWl State?.. Hut unlaw shall he pa«.vcd in-
terfering with the primary disposal of the &oil; no tax shall
be Imposed upon the property ot the United States; nor
shall lb*1 lands, or otiici pioperty of non-residents bo taxed
higher than the lands or other piopeity of lesidonts. All
the laws passed by the Legislative Assembly shall be sub-
mitted to the Congress ot the United States, and, if dt^ap-
pioved, shall be null and of no effect • P-iouidcd, That noth-
ing in tins act shall be confined togive power to litcoipo-
rate a bank or any institution with banking powei*, or to
borrow money in the name of the Teiritory, or to pledge
the taith of the people ofthe same, loi any loan whatever,
directly or indirectly. No chaiter granting any privileges of
malting, Hsumg,oi putting into eireulauou any notes or bills
in the likeness of bank note?, or any bonds, scrip, drafts?,
bills of exchange, or granting any other banking powers or
piivileges, shall be passed by the Legislative Assembly; nor
shall the establishment of any branch or agency ol any such
eoiporation, derived from other authority, 6e allowed in said
Territory; nor thall said Legislative Assembly authorize
the issue of any obligation, scrip, or evidence of debt, by
said Territory, in any mode or manner whatever, except
certificates forsei vice to said Terutory. And all such laws,
or any law or laws inconsistent with the provisions of this
act, shall be utterly null and void. And all ta.\es shall be
equal and uniform ; and no distinctions shall he made in
the assessments between the different kinds of property, but
the assessments shall be according to the value theieol. To
avoidimptopci influences, which may icsult fromlnteimin-
ing in one and the same act such things as have no proper
relation to each other, every law shall ombiace but one
object, and that shall be expressed in the title.
Mr. COLE, of Washington. It will be seen,
Mr. Speaker, that the powers of the Legislature of
Washington Territory are verylimited, that they
hardly exceed those of the board of supervisors of
a county in the State of New York. Besides this,
alt laws of the Legislature are to be submitted to
the Congress of the United States, and if disap-
proved by Congress theyare to be null and void.
Here you have an absolute veto. All laws incon-
sistent with the organic act are null and void;
and the court to decide upon them is a court ap-
pointed by the President of the United States.
At the time of its organization the population was
about five thousand. Its present population is
three or four times that number—somewhat less,
notmuch—and with aboutthesame ability to sus-
tain a State organization as two of her sister Ter-
ritories which are about to assume position m the
family of States, if their people listen to the voice
of politicians instead of consulting their own in-
terests. The principal interests of our people are
farmingand lumbering. But a small amount of
miningis carried on within the present limits of
our Territory, though good mines exist through-
out its entire eastern section. But the adjacent
mines in Idaho present greater inducements at
present.
Men who are elected to the Legislature are gen-
erally men who are interested in the welfare of
the Territory, and I venture the assertion that no
Territory possesses a better code of laws or are
the people in any better satisfied with their con-
dition. We have had some half dozen Govern-
ors, none of whom, if we except the present in-
cumbent, has desired the veto power.
The people have not abused the power with
which the Legislature has been clothed. No con-
flict between the Territory and the General Gov-
ernment has ever arisen. The plan, so far as our
Territory is concerned, has worked well. And
I may add, for the eight years of the territorial
existence of Oregon I was a citizen of that Ter-
ritory, it worked equally wellthere. The people
there as well as in Washington Territory proved
themselves abundantly able to make their own
laws. No portion of the people of my Territory
have asked for this change. No acts on the part
of the people or the Legislature coming in con-
flict with any interests ofthe General Government
have ever been perpetrated or enacted. And no
considerable number of the people of the Terri-
tory, and I doubt ifany of its permanent residents,
would look upon this change with favor. It was
stated in the other branch of Congress when this
bill was before it for consideration that the Fed-
eral officers of the Territory had asked it. It may
be true that the Governor of the Territory, and
perhaps some other of the Federal officials—
though I think not many—may desire it and they
may have asked for it. But I am quite certain
no permanent citizensof the Territory of any party
desire it. Were we always certain of having a
Governor selected from among our own citizens,
or could the people of the Territory elect their
Governor, the case would be different, as the legis-
lative power would then be entirely in the hands
of those who are identified with our interests and
understand our wants. But gentlemen all know
what kind of men arc generally sent out to new
Territories by the party in power, it makes no
difference what party that may be.
I am certain that gentlemen who represent the
new States, and were residents of those States
when they were Territories, will agree with me
when I say they are not generally men noted for
their talents, and their morals are not always cal-
culated to improve and elevate even a fiontier
community. Theyare more frequently men who
are anxious for place, as a requital for services
rendered, or supposed to have been rendered, to
the party appointing them. They are known
generally to be unfit for position in the States, and
they are therefore sent off to the Territories not
so much because they are supposed to possess
the neccssary qualifications for the position, but
they are 15 troublesome fellows," and the Admin-
istration must get rid of them. Having received
their commission, signed by the President, with
the broad seal of the Union affixed, they .set out
for their destination. Arriving in the Territory,
they very frequently imagine themselves, if not
