THE COJSTGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
to. theadoption of the amendments of our com-
mittee arid pass it in thtitshape than have it longer
delayed. I shall not detain the body by discus-
sion) but I hope the Senate will act on the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My objection is founded
upon the very idea that it is in a great degree com-
plimentary; but perhaps we have no rig-lit to as-
sume that, though we know the fact; and I say
that in order to make it so we ought to h^ve a full
Senate when we act upon it, and not a bare quo-
tum. The. Senator must be aware that on the
caii of the roll before we were obliged to send
out for members in order to make a quorum.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the question
is oneof sufficient doubt to call fora division.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the bill be passed to-
day it will be by a very lean vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps as large a vote to-
day as at any other time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that on a matter
discussed so much we ought to have a full vote.
The PRESIDENT/))**? tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The question being put, it was declared that the
ayes appeared to prevail.
Mr. SHERMAN called for a division.
Mr. SUMNER. A division will show that we
have not a quorum here.
Mr. SHERMAN. We know thatif wegointo
executive session, divisions will occur almost im-
mediately; and therefore, if we are without a
quorum, that fact may as well be ascertained
now.
Mr. SUMNER- I will state that there is busi-
ness which it is important to act upon in execu-
tive session, with regard to which I think there
will be no division, but which must in the nature
of the case take a little time.
The Senate being divided on the motion of Mr.
Sumner, there were 15 ayes and 7 nooa.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is not
a quorum voting.
Mi', SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HALE. 1 move that the Senate adjourn.
There is no use in silting here without a quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from New Hampshire is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I am icquested t,o say that
the absence of the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] is in consequence of severe illness in
his family, by which he is called away, and he is
not able to assure the Senate at what time he can
return.
1 he question being; taken by yens and nays, on
the motion of Mr. Hale, resulted—yeas 3, nays
34; as follows:
YEAS—Musxrs. Davis, Hale, and SuuNhiiry—3.
NAYS—Mosprs. Buokakw, Otuhl**, Clwmlloi. Clnik,
Collamor, Cotinops, Dixon, Fe^oiulcn. Foot, Foster Har-
ding, llarifin, flam-, Ucnder.-on, iitnvni.i, liowe,JolmM.it,
Lam; of Indiana, L.iue of K.uwi-, McOou<mM, Morgan,
Morrill, Nesmiti), I'owHI, Ram-py, Uuhlle, ShVimau, Sum
ner, 'JYn Eyck, Van Winkle, Wade, IVilloy, \Vih ou, and
Wright—34.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A quorum
being now present, the question recurs on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors wero te-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, February 23, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by^ the Chaplain, Rev. W. II. Cma.vn-ing.
1 he Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
IjXKCUTIVK COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
befoic the House a communication from the War
Department, transmitting a statement of the ex-
penditure of the contingent fund of that Depart-
ment; which was ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Expenditures in the
War Department.
CONTESTED ELECTION IN MISSOURI.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House depositions in the contested-
election case between James Lindsey and John
G. Scott, from the third congressional district of
Missouri, on the part of the contestant; which
were referred to the Committee of Elections.
VOTES 0^ TIIE ENKOLLBiENT BILL.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask unanimous consent to
record my vote on the report of the committee of
conference upon the conscription bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the objection. I, in common with many
others, understood that no vote would be taken
on that matter on Friday evening, and under that
impression we left the Hall. We were anxious,
and we are anxious still, to record our votes on
that measure, and I hope the House will not be
found wanting in courtesy by refusing us the priv-
ilege now of recording our votes. I will say to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] I have
no idea we can change the result. If he finds there
is any danger of that he can withdraw his consent.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is not a matter of coui t-
esy. I expected the first application would come
from this side of the House. On Friday we were
left very nearly without a quorum, and 1 shall now
object to every application of this kind except
where the applicant was absent on account of sick-
ness.
Mr. MALLORY. I was very unwell and had
been for some time, and I was worn out with the
long session on that day before I left. I ask the
gentleman if he will now object to my voting?
Mr. SCHENCK declined to withdraw his ob-
jection.
Mr. MALLORY. I should have voted "no."
Mr. GlllDER. I ask unanimous consent to
record my vote on the conscript bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
says he objects to every application to vote, ex-
cept where sickness prevented the applicant from
voting.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am compelled to object.
Mr. GlllDER. I would have voted in the neg-
ative.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. BOYD. I wish to record my vote on the
conscript bill.
Objection was made.
MESSAGE Fit031 THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
their Chief Clerk,announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee ofconference
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
tiie bill (II. R. No. 122) to increase the internal
revenue, and for other purposes.
fuiskdmen's affairs.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for. The call for committees for
reports is in order; and under that call the House
resumes the considerati on of the bill (11. R. No.
5J) to establish a 1'ureau of Freedmen's Affairs,
on which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kellev] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KELLEY took the floor.
Mr. HARDING. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow me to make a statement.
The report of the committee of conference 011 the
enrollment bill was brought up at si very late hour I
on Friday evening, at a time when no man in the
House expected tt would be brought up. The
hour was so Into that the repot t then look every
man by surprise. At that late hour a gentleman
was upon the floor making a lengthy speech; and
1 regard the bunging in of that reporttlien as tak-
ing tin unfair advantage of those who were absent.
1 would have voted against that iniquitous meas-
ure had I been here.
Mr. BLA1R, of West Virginia. I ask th e con-
sent of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to say
that if I had been here on Fnday I should have
voted in lavor of the report of the committee of
conference on the conscription bill.
Mr. KELLEY resumed the floor.
Mr. STEBIS1NS. Will the gentleman give way
to me for a moment?
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot, if it is to come out
Qf my time; otherwise I will gladly yield.
Mr. STEBB1NS. I desire to introduce a reso-
lution which will give rise to no debate.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania yield to me for a moment?
Mr. KELLEY. I understand that the chair-
man of the committee, whose bill I am about to
sustain, proposes to offer an amendment to the
bill, and 1 hope the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spalding] will withdraw his objection for that
purpose.
Mr. ELIOT. I offer the amendment which I
send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. ANCONA. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts can modify his amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. That is all I want to do. It
will make the bill more acceptable to gentlemen
opposite .•
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of order.
Have I not a right to object to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kellky] yielding the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could have
done so if he had objected in time, but he did not
do so.
Mr. MALLORY. I objected as soon as I
found out what the gentleman wanted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asked to
have the privilege of modifying his amendment.
Mr. ANCONA. And I rose in my place and
objected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair heard the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, but the objection came
too late.
Mr. ELIOT. I propose the following modifi-
cations:
At the end of section one add the words "nor concern-
lag any other persons than fleedmcn.5,
Ou page 5, in !*eeUon hix, after the words real estate,"
in line nineteen, insert the vvonN " within cueh districts."
Strike out " therefrom" in section six, line twenty-tour,
and insert "from said lands."
I now ask that the bill as amended be printed.
Mr. ANCONA. 1 object.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, mutation is the
law of our life. Paradoxical as it may seem, no
law is more immutable or inexorable than this.
" Passing away " is written on all material things.
Nothing bideth in one stay; and, sir, much of pain
and anguish as these ever-recurring changes, the
inevitable product of swift-winged time, may
bring, they are the sole source of hope and aspi-
ration; they are the method and sureguaranteeof
progress, social and political. Stagnation is death.
Bats and owls undoubtedly have their place in the
economy of nature, but in their love of the twikght
and darkness that succeed the day they do not
symbolize the wise and sagacious statesman.
That nation is in a bad way whose legislators'
intellectual vision is from the back of their heads;
whose faith ignores eternal laws because they are
invisible, and lays hold only of such palpable facts
as that pepper is hot in the mouth, and that when
the sun is at meridian it should be noon by the al-
manac;and whose hope sings no joyful prophecy
of a better future, but spends itselfon a sad refrain
made up oflegond and tradition. The wise states-
man—indeed, he who is at all a statesman is keen
and far-sighted—notes the ever-recurring new
facts of the new clay. He watches the progress
of sentiment and opinion. lie observes the devel-
opment of the mateiial resources of his country
and of the world. He pays regard to the great
eternal laws of justice, right, gmd truth, and from
time to time so modifies those habits, customs,
and institutions which are vicious or essentially
temporary and transitoi y as to bring the Older of
society into harmony with nature'slaws, and thus
secure the prosperity and peace of the people.
Sir, statesmanship would have averted the re-
bellion that now scourges our country. The
fathers of the country saw the character of sla-
very. They gave us the Ordinance of 1787, which
forever prohibited ft north and west of the Ohio
river. They excluded fiomour Constitution the
words " slave" and " slaveiy," because they be-
lieved the institution to be transitory, and would
not cause the blush of shame to mantle the checks
of their descendants by recording in that endur-
ing instrument the fact that an institution so in-
compatible with its scope and spirit had ever ex-
isted under it. Had their counsels prevailed, or
had statesmen succeeded them in the government
of the country, slavery would have long since
been abolished, and other questions than those
