1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL QEOBE.
391
Laws of the United States.
38th Conq. .. .Isi Sess.
ofthe Indians, so far as may be reason able and just,
per second article of the treaty of thirty-first July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight thousand
dollars.
For ninth of ten installments for the support of
four blacksmith shops, per second article of the
treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, four thousand two hundred and forty
dollars.
For ninth of ten installments of principal, pay-
able annually for ten years, to be distributed per
capita, in the usual manner of paying annuities,
per second article ofthe treaty of thirty-first July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For interest on two hundred and sixteen thou-
sand dollars, unpaid part of the principal sum of
three hundred and six thousand dollars, for one
year, at five per centum per annum, to be dis-
tributed per capita, in the usual manner of paying
annuities, per second article of the treaty ofthirty-
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For ninth often equal annual installments on
thi rty-five thousand doMars, in lieu of former treaty
stipulations, to be paid per capita to the Grand
River Ottawas, per second article treaty thirty-
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand five hundred dollars.
Pawnees.
For second of five installments of the second
seiies in goods and such articles as may be neces-
sary for thetn, per second article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, thirty thousand dollars.
For support of two manuablabor schools, an-
nually, during the pleasure of the President, per
third article treaty twenty-fourth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-seven, ten thousand dollars.
For pay of two teachers, under the direction
of the President, per third article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For puichase of iron and steel, and other neces-
saries for the shop, dui ing the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, five
hundred dollars.
For pay of two blacksmiths, one of whom to be
a gunsmith and tinsmith, per fourth articletreaty
twenty-fourth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven,one thousand two hundred dollars.
For compensation of twostrikers orapprentices
in shop, per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, four
hundred and eighty dollars.
Forseventh often installments for farming uten-
sils and stock duiing the pleasure of the President,
perfourth article treaty twenty-fourth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For pay of farmer, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fourth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, six hundred dollars.
For sixth often installments for pay of miller, at
the discretion of the President, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fourth Septembei, eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven, six hundred dollars.
For sixth of ten installments for pay of anengi-
neer,at the discretion of the President, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fourth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, one thousand two hun-
dred dollais.
For compensation to apprentices, to assist in
working the mill, per fouith article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
eeven, five hundred dollais.
Pottawatomies of Huron.
For permanent annuity in money or otherwise,
per second article treaty seventeenth November,
eighteen hundred and seven, four hundred dollars.
Pottawatomies.
For permanent annuity in silver, per fourth ar-
ticle treaty third August, seventeen hundred and
ninety-five, one thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per thiid ar-
ticle treaty thirtieth September,eighteen hundred
and nine, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third ar-
ticle treaty second October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-eight, two thousand dollars.
For permanentannuity in specie, per second ar-
ticle treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred
and twenty-nine, sixteen thousand dollars.
For life annuity to chief, per third article treaty
twentieth October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, two hundred dollars. ' •
Forlifeannuity to chiefs,per third article treaty
twenty-sixth September, eighteen hundred ana
thirty-three, seven hundred dollars.
For education during the pleasure of Congress,
per third article treaty sixteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, second article treaty
twentieth September, eighteen hundred and twen-
ty-eight, and fourth article treaty twenty-seventh
October, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, five
thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for the payment of
money in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel, per sec-
ond article treaty twentieth September, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, and tenth article of the
treaty of the fifth and seventeenth June, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, three hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for three blacksmiths
and assistants, per third article treaty sixteenth
October,eighteen hundred and twenty-six, second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-eight, and second articletreaty
twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred and twenty-
nine, two thousand one hundred and sixty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shops, per third article treaty sixteenth October,
eighteen hundred and twenty-six, second article
treaty twentieth September, eighteen hundred and
twejity-eight, and second article treaty twenty-
ninth July, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, six
hundred and sixty dollars.
Forpermanentprovision for fifty barrels of salt,
per second article of treaty twenty-ninth July,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For interest oil six hundred and forty-three
thousand dollars, at five per centum, per seventh
article ofthe treaty of the fifth and seventeenth of
June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, thirty-two
thousand one hundred and fifty dollars.
Quapaws.
For education during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per third article treaty thirteenth May, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-three, one thousand dol-
lars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For farmer during the pleasure of the President,
per third article treaty thirteenth May, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three, six hundred dollars.
For payment of expenses incident to the re-
moval of the Q,uapaw Indians from Kansas, and
their reestablish men t in their own country, nine
thousand seven hundred and twenty-six dollars
and thirty-three cents.
Rogue Rivers.
For eleventh of sixteenth installments in blan-
kets, clothing, farming utensils, and stock, per
third article treaty tenth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Mississippi.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third article treaty third November, eighteen
hundred and four, one thousand dollars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dollars, at
five per centum, per second article treaty twenty-
first October, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven
ten thousand dollars.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, per second article treaty elev-
enth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
forty thousand dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.
For interest on one hundred and fifty-seven
thousand four hundred dollars, at five per centum,
under the direction of the President, per second ar-
ticle treaty twenty-first October, eighteen hundred
and thirty-seven, seven thousand eight hundred
and seventy dollars.
Seminoks.
For the eighth of ten installments for the support
of schools, per eighth article treaty seventh Au-
gust, eighteen hundred; and fifty-six, three thou-
sand dollars.
For the eighth of ten installments for agricul-
tural assistance, per eighth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred-and fifty-six, two thou-
sand dollars. • '
For the eighth of ten installments for the support
of smiths and smiths' shops, per eighth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, two thousand two hundred dollars.
For live per centum interest on two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, to be paid as annuity,
per eighth article treaty seventh August,eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, twelve thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For interest on two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars,at five per centum, to be paid as annuity,
they having joined their brethren west, per eighth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, twelve thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Senecas.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth ar-
ticle treaty twenty-nin th September, eighteen huri-
dred and seventeen, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth ar-
ticle treaty seventeenth September, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, five hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel, during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per fourth article treaty twenty-eighth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For miller during the pleasure of the President,
per fourth article treaty twenty-eighth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six hundred
dollars.
Senecas of New York. "
For permanent annuity in lieu of interest on
stock, per act of nineteenth February, eighteen
hundred and thirty-one, six thousand dollars.
For interest, in lieu of investment, on seventy-
five thousand dollars, at five per centum, per act
of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, three thousand seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
For interest at five per centum, on forty-thi'ee
thousand and fifty dollars, transferred from On-
tario Bank to the United States Treasury, peract
of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, two thousand one hundred and fifty-
two dollars and fifty cents.
Senecas and Slutwnees.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, one thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, per fourth article treaty twen-
tieth July, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
Shawnees.
For permanent annuity for educational par-
poses, per fourth article treaty third August,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, and third arti-
cle treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, one thousand dollars.
For eleventh installment of interest, at five per
centum, on forty thousand dollars for education,
per third article treaty tenth May, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth article treaty twenty-ninth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and seventeen,and third
article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
Six Nations of New York.
For permanent annuity in clothing and other
useful articles, per sixth article treaty eleventh
November, seventeen hundred and ninety-four,
four thousand five hundred dollars.
Treaty of Fort Laramie.
For fourth of five installments, at the discretion
of the President, in provisions and merchandise,
for payment of annuities, and transportation of
