m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
[June 25,
38th :Qpnq. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
the same, to certain tribes of Indians, seventy
.thousand dollars.
.Umpquas, (Cow Creek Band.)
For eleventh of twenty installments in blankets,
clothing, provisions, and stock, per third article
treaty nirieteenth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, five hundred and fifty dollars.
TJmpquas and Calapootas, of Umpqua Valley, Ore-
. . Son-
;For last of five installments,ofthe secohd series,
of annuity for beneficial objects, to be expended
as directed by the President, per third article
treaty nineteenth September,eighteen hundred and
.fifty-three, two thousand three hundred dollars.
, For last of ten installments for the pay of a
blacksmith and ftirnishiflg shop, per sixth article
treaty twenty-ninth of November, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For tenth of fifteen installments for the pay of
a physician and purchase of medicines, per sixth
ewicle treaty twenty-ninth November, eighteen
hundred ana fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For last often installments for the pay of a farm-
er, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand,
dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the pay of
a teacher and purchase of books and stationery,
per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth November,
• eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
four hundred and fifty dollars.
Winnebagoes.
For interest on one million dollars, at five per
centum, per fourth article treaty first November,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven,fifcy thousand
dollars.
For eighteenth of thirty installments of interest
on eighty-five thousand dollars, at five per centum,
per fourth article treaty thirteenth October, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, four thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
For deficiencies in subsistence and expenses
of removal and support of theSiouxand Winne-
bago Indians of Minnesota, during the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and six-
ty-four, one hundred thirty-seven thousand two
hundred and ninety-three dollars and forty cents:
Provided, That the portion expended in behalfof
the Winnebagoes shall be reimbursed to the Treas-
ury upon the sale of their lands in Minnesola, to
enable the Secretary of the Interior to take charge
of certain stray bands of Winnebago and Potto-
wntomie Indians, now in the Stute of Wisconsin,
with a view to prevent any fui ther depredations
by them upon the citizens of that State, and for
provisions urid subsistence, ten thousand dollars:
Provided, That the proportion of annuities to
■which said stray bands of Pottowntomics and
Winnebagoes would be entitled if they were set-
tled upon their reservations with their respective
tribes shall be retained in the Treasury to their
credit, from year to year, to be paid to them when
they shall unite with their said tribes, or to be used
by the Secretary of the Interior in defraying the
expenses of their removal, or 111 settling and sub-
sisting them on any other reservation which may
hereafter be provided for them.
For the salary of a special agent, to take charge
of said Indians, fifteen hundred dollars.
Yancton Tribe, of Sioux.
For sixth of ten installments to be paid to them
or expended for their benefit, commencing with
the year in which they shall remove to and settle
and leside upon their reservation, per fourth articic
treaty nineteenth April,eighteen hundred and fif-
ty-eight, sixty-five thousand dollars.
Calapootas, Molalla, and Clackamas Indians, of
Willamet[tt) Valley.
For la.st of five installments of annuity for bene-
ficial objects, per second article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five
eight thousand dollars. ' j'
Poncas. |j
For the first of ten installments of the second
series, to be paid to them, or expended for their
benefit, commencing with the year in which they
shall remove tp and settle upon the tract reserved
for their future homes, per second article treaty
twelfth March, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight,
ten thousand dollars.
For sixth of ten installments for the establish-
ment and maintenance of one or more manual-
laborschools, under thedirection ofthe President,
per second article treaty twelfth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight, five thousand dollars.
For sixth of ten installments, or during the
pleasure of the President, to be expended in fur-
nishing said Indians with such aid and assistance
in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, including
the working of the mill provided for in the first
part of this article, as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior may consider ad van tageous and necessary for
them, per second article treaty twelfth'March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, seven thousand
five hundred dollars.
Dwamish and other Jlllied Tribes in Washington
Territory.
For fifth installment on one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars, under the direction of the Pres-
ident, per sixth article treaty twenty-second Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten thousand
dollars.
For fi&h of twenty installments for the estab-
lishment and support of an agricultural and indus-
trial school, and to provide said school with a
suitable instructor or instructors, per fourteenth
article treaty twenty-second January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the estab-
lishment and support of a smith and carpenter
shop, and to furnish them with the necessary
tools, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-second
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and
physician, who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-second
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand six hundred dollars.
Makak Tribe.
For second of three installments on thirty thou-
sand dollars, under thedirection of the President,
per fifth article treaty thirty-first January, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, two thousand dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the support
of an agricultural arid industrial school, and for
pay of teachers, per eleven ill article treaty thirty-
first January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for supportof
a smith and carpenters' shop, and to provide the
necessary tools therefor, per eleventh article treaty
thirty-first January, eighteen-hundred and fifty-
five, five hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and
physician, who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, per eleventh article treaty thirty-first Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four thou-
sand six hundred dollars.
Walla-Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla Tribes.
For last of five installments of eight thousand
dollars, under the direction of the President, per
second article treaty ninth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, eight thousand dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments fur the pur-
chase of all necessary mill"fixtures and mechan-
ical tools, medicines, and hospital stores, books
and stationery for schools, and furniture for the
employes, per fourth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the pay and
subsistence of one superintendent of farming op-
erations, one fanner, two millers, one blacksmith,
one wagon and plow maker, one carpenter and
joiner, one physician, and two teachers, per
fourth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, eleven thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the pay of
each of the head chiefs of the Walia-Walla, Cay-
use, and Umatilla bands, the sum of five hundred
dollars per annum, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for salary for
the son of Pio-pio-mox-mox, per fifth article
treaty ninth June,eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
one hundred dollars.
For the erection of a saw and grist mil], in
accordance with the provisions of theJourth arti-
cle of the treaty of June ninth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
. Yakama Nation.
For last of five installments for beneficial ob-
jects, at the discretion of the President, per fourth
article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the support
of two schools, one of which to be an agricul-
tural and industrial school; keeping in repair
school buildings, and for providing suitable fur-
niture, books, and stationery, per fifth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of one superintendent of teaching and two
teachers, per fifth article treaty ninth June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand' two
hundred dollars.
Forfifth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of one superintendent of farming and two
farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one tinner,
one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one wagon and
plow maker, per fifth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, nine thousand'
four hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair saw and flouring mills, and for furnishing
the necessary tools and fixtures, per fifth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the hospital, and providing 'the necessary
medicines and fixtures therefor, per fifth article
treaty ninth June,eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the pay of
a physician, per fifth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the huildings required for the various em-
ployes, and for providing the necessary furniture
therefor, per fifth article treaty ninth June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the salary
of such person as the said confederated tribes and
bands of Indians may select to be their head chief,
per fifth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
JVez Perce Indians.
For"last of five installments for beneficial ob-
jects, at the discretion of the President,per fourth
article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
Forfifth of twenty installments for the support
of two schools, one of which to be an agricul-
tural and industrial school; keeping in repair
school buildings, and for providing suitable fur-
niture, books, and stationery, per fifth article
treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, five hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of one superintendent of teaching and two
teachers, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
two hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gunsmiths',car-
penters', and wagon and plow makers' shops,
and for providing necessary tools therefor, per
fifth article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of one superintendent of farming, and two
farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one tinner,
one gunsmith, one carpenter,and one v,-agonand
plow maker, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, nine thousand
four hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for keepingin
repair saw and flouring miliK,artd for furnishing
the necessary tools and fixtures therefor, per fifth
article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
