1864.]
APPENDIX'TO THE ;CONttKtESSIONAIi ,GLOBE.
r19«
Laws of, the U%ite$ -States.
For fifth of twenty-installments for keeping in
repair the hospital, and providing the necessary
medicines and furniture therefor, per fifth article
treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, three hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty, installments' for pay of a
physician, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand
four hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the buildings for the various employes, and
for providing the necessary furniture therefor, per
fifth article treatyeleventh June,, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the salary
of such person as the tribe may select to be their
head chief, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dol-
lars.
Flatheads and other Confederated Tribes.
For the first of five installments on one hun-
dred and-twenty thousand dollars, being the sec-
ond series, for beneficial objects, at the discre-
tion of the President, per fourth articic treaty
-sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five thousand dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the support
of an agricultural and industrial school, keeping
in repair the buildings, and providing suitable fur-
niture, books, and stationery, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
fiye, three hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for providing
suitable instructors therefor, per fifth article treaty
sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair blacksmiths', tin and gunsmiths', carpen-
ters', and wagon and plow makers' shops, and
providing necessary tools therefor, per fifth arti-
cle treaty sixteenth July,.eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the employ-
' ment of two farmers, two millers,one blacksmith,
one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one
wagon and plow maker, per fifth article treaty
sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
seven thousand four hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair saw and flouring mills, and for furnishing
the necessary tools and fixtures therefor, perfifch
article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
J^or fifth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the hospital, and providing the necessary
medicines and furniture therefor, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, three hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for pay of a
physician, per fifth article treaty sixteenth July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the buildings required for the various em-
ployes, and furnishing necessary furniture there-
for, per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the pay of
cach of the head chiefs of the Flatheads, Koote-
nays, and Upper Pend d'Oreilles tribes, per fifth
article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, fifteen hundred dollars.
Confederated Tribes and Bands of Indians in Middle
Oregon.
For fifth of five installments of eight thousand
dollars for beneficial objects, at the discretion of
the President, per second article treaty twenty-
fifth June, eighteen bundled and fifty-five, eight
thousand dollars.
For fifth of fifteen installments for pay and sub-
sistence of one farmer, one blacksmith, and one
wagon and plow maker, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand five hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for pay and sub-
sistence of one physician, one sawyer, one miller,
one superintendent of farming operations, and one
school teacher, per fourth article treaty twenty-
fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five
thousand six hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for payment
New Series—No. 13.
of salary to the head chief of said confederated
bands, per fourth article treaty twenty-fifth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five,,five hundred dol-
'al3' Mole I Indians.
For fifth of ten installments for keeping in re-
pair saw and flouring mills, and for the pay i>f
necessary employes, the benefits of which to be
shared alike by all the confederated bands, persec-
ond article treaty twenty-first December, eighteen
hundred aiid fifty-five, one thousand five hundred
d-ollars.
For Irist of five installments (in addition to the
installment specified in the treaty of twenty-ninth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, with
the Umpquas and Calapooias of Umpqua val-
ley) for furnishing iron and 'steel and other ma-
terials for the smith in [and] tin shops provided
for in said treaty, and for the pay of the necessary,
mechanics, per seeond article treaty twenty-first
December, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For fifth of ten installments for the pay of a
carpenter and joiner to aid in erecting buildings,
and making furniture for said Indians, And to
furnish tools in said service, per second article
treaty twenty-first December, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, two thousand dollars.
For pay of'teachers to manual-labor school,
for ail necessary materials therefor, and for the
subsistence of the pupils, per second article treaty
twenty-firstDecember,eighteen hundred un'd fifty-
five,three thousand dollars.
For last of five installments for the pay of an
additional farmer, per second article treaty twen-
ty-first December, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
eight hundred dollars.
Qui-nai-elt and Quil-leh-ute Indians.
For second of three installments on twenty-fiye
thousand dollars for beneficial objects, under the,
direction of the President, per fourth article treaty
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand six hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the support
of an agricultural and industrial school, and for
pay of suitable instructors, per tenth article treaty
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for support of
smith and carpenter shop, and to provide the ne-
cessary tools therefor, per tenth article treaty first
July,eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and farmer, and
a physician who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, per tenth article treaty first July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, four thousand six hundred
dollars. S'Klallams.
For second of three installments on sixty thou-
sand dollars, under the direction of the President,
per fifth article treaty twenty-sixth January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four thousand
dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the support
of an agricultural and industrial school, and for
pay of suitable teachers, per eleventh article treaty
twenty-sixth January,eighteen hundredand fifty-
five, two thousand five huridied dollars.
Forfiflh of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and a
physician who shall furnish medicines for the sick,
per eleventh article treaty twenty-sixth January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four thousand six
hundred dollars.
Ottowa Indians of Blanchard's Fork and Roche dt
Bceuf.
For second of four installments in money, per
fourth article treaty twenty-fourth June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, eight thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For interest on twenty-five thousand five hun-
dred dollars, at five percentum, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fourth June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two,one thousand two hundred and seventy-
five dollars.
Jlrapahocs and Cheyenne Indians of the Upper
Arkansas River.
For fourth of fifteen installments of annuity of
thirty thousand dollars, to be expended for their
benefit; that is to,say^ fifteen thousand dollars per
annum for each ti-ibp", commencing with the year
in which they shall reitibve to'and settle upott.fheir
reservations; thirty tfrotfsand dollars. m
For second oi* five installments to'provi|e tlio
said Indians with a mill siiitable'for sawihg tifti-
ber and 'grinding gWi'in', one or mjSre mechanics'
sliBps, with necessary t&ls for "ttte" satrl'e, tmd
d welling houses for an interpreter, miller,'engineer
for mill, (if one be necessary,) farmers, aftd: the
mechanics tliat (nay be employed for their benefit,
five thousand dollars. * ■
For transportation and necessary expenses of
delivery of anniiltifes, goOtltf, and provision^,; five
thousand dollars: " ' / ' : ' ''' " '
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses V>? the'delivery of Annuities'and pro vis-
ions of [to] the Chippewas of Like Superior, five
thousand seven hundred and siXty-tw6 'dollars
and sixty-three cents. , !: i
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and pro-
visions of [to] the Chippewas of the Mississippi,
three thousand eight hundred anil eighty-six dol-
lars and seventy-five cents. "J
Indian Service in JWte Mexico.
For general incidental expenses qf, the Indian
service in New Mexico, presents of goods, agri-
cultural implements, and other useful articles,
and to assist them to locate in permanent abodes
and sustain themselves by the pursuits of civil-
ized life, to be expended under the direction jof
the Secretary of the Interior, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
New Mexico, Superintendency.
For deficiency in the appropriation for the In-
dian service in New Mfexico, f< r the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and Bixt'y-
four, twenty-fiv,e thousand dollars.
Indian Service in the District of Country teased
from the Choctaws for the Indians lately residing
in Texas.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting,
andfurnishing agricultural implements and stock;
pay of necessary employes, purchase of clothing,
medicines, iron ami steel, and maintenance of
schools for Indians lately residing in Texas, to
be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, twenty-two thousand eight
hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For the ■ Wiclutas and other affiliated Bands.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting,
and furnishing said bands with agricultural im-
plements and stock, pay of necessary employes,
purchase of clothing, medicines, iron and steel,
and maintenance of schools, to be expended un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
thirty-seven thousand eight hundred dollars.
Eastern Bands of Shoshonees.
Fxrfirst of twenty installments, to be expended
under the direction of the President in die pur-
chase of such articles as he may deem suitable
to their wants, either as hunters or herdsmen,
per fifth article treaty second July,eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, for the fiscal year ending
June thirty, eighteen .hundred and sixty-five, ten
thousand dollars.
Northwestern Bands of Shoshonees.
For firstof twenty installments, to be expended
under the direction of the President in the pur-
chase of such articles as he may deem suitable
to their wants, either as hunters or herdsmen,
per third article treaty thirtieth July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, for the fiscal year 'end-
ing June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
five thousand dollars.
Goshiss Bands of Shoshonees.
For firstof twenty installments, to beexpended
under the direction of the President in the pur-
chase of such ijrticles, including cattle for herd-
ing, or other purposes, as he shall deem suitable "
for their wants and, condition, either as hunters#
or herdsmen, per seventh article treaty October
twelve, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, for the
fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, one thousand dollars.
