1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
and that you will either gradually disappear from the earth
or relapse into the condition from which you have but re-
cently been rescued. It remains with you to decide whe'ther
you will work out for yourselves a glorious future or return
to slavery and obscurity.
" Upon the close of the remarks of Colonel McKay, a
committee was appointed to draft resolutions expressive of
the sense of the meeting, and while they were absent Mr.
J. B. Noble was called upon to address the assembly. He
stated that there were two classes introduced here—one of
slaves from the wilds of Africa, an ignorant, degraded peo-
ple, and the other an intelligent, educated, enlightened, and
wealthy class from Jamaica and Cuba; that they had con-
tributed by their labors 10 the wealth and prosperity of Lou-
isiana; that they had always obeye'dthe iawsandpaid their
taxes promptly, school tax and all, though they bad never
reaped any advantage from it until within the last year.
They wanted public schools. They wanted to be recog-
nized as men. They wanted the odious black code done
away with.
"AfterMr.Noble had concludedlusremarks, in thecourse
of which he related an instance of the workings of the black
codc which affccted many of the audience to tears, the fol-
lowing resolutions were reported by the committee, and
after being read in French and English were adopted:
" Whereas his Excellency the President of these United
States felt it his duty to inquire into the condition of the
colored people of Louisiana for the realization of their new
position in social life, to sustain themselves and implant a
spirit of independent and free manhood into the minds of
their descendants; and whereas wc perceive, through the
effects of this wicked rebellion, that the power, prospeiity,
wealth, justice, and liberty of this country will be brought
to their greatest perfection only by a wise and judicious
legislation for the just equalization of human rights; and
whereas the sympathies over the relative condition of so-
ciety will be notably renovated and improved; Therefore,
uBe it resolved, That we the colored people of this city,
in mass meeting assembled, at lyceum hall, in New Or-
leans, do hereby express our unbounded and heartfelt
thanks to the President of these United States, Abraham
Lincoln, and his Cabinet, for the palpable interest they take
in behalf of the once so unrighteously oppressed people of
Africa'.-, blood.
Be if Jurtherrcsohed, That we acknowledge the power,
proceedings, and enactments of the present Administration
of the United States, and our sincere prayer is that its legis-
lative acts may be felt throughout the land, like the ram
and sunshine on our earthly soil.
"And be it farther resolved, That as unto God we send our
daily prayers for the welfare, both temporal and spiritual,
of the President and his family, so unto the same great
Being we offer up our petitions for the longer continuance
of his servant, Abraham Lincoln, in his present high and
responsible position, and for the progressive development
of a higher civilization, refinement, righteousness, truth,
peace, and national happiness of the Ameiican people."
But gentlemen say that the bureau proposed by
this bill is to be expensive to the Government; that
if the system could be made lucrative, they "would
love to do something for these poor blacks." They
do not ask you to give them anything but work
and wages. They wish to pay liberally for all
beyond this. These men without a name, known
as Tom, Joe, and Dick, have rented their one,
their live, ten, or twenty acres, and have produced
a large amount of cotton, on which they pay to
the Government a duty of two cents per pound.
I find in Mr. Yeatman's report on the condition
of the freedmen of the Mississippi the following
statement on this subject:
" I visited quite a number of freedmen who were engaged
in planting cotton on their own account.
iL Granville Giecn, (coloied,) on the Beard place, works
a number of hands, and is supplied by Government with
rations, to be paid for when the crop is sold. I was in-
formed that he would make fiom ten to twelve bales of cot-
ton.
"Tom Taylor (colored) was working seven hands on
the Savage place, the Government furnishing rations until
the crop is sold.
c- Luke Johnson, (colored,-) on the Albert Richardson
place, will make five bales of cotton, and corn sufficient for
his family and stock, and ha* sold $300 worth of vegetables.
He has paid all expenses without aid from the Government.
He commenced work last May.
"Bill Gibson and Phil Ford (colored) commenced work
last May, and will make nine bales of cotton. They occa-
sionally hiro a woman or two, and have paid their hands in
lull, and found their own provisions.
"Solomon Richardson, (colored,) on the Sam. Rich-
atdson placc, will make ton lialoh of cotton. Ho has had
one hand to assist him, and has a good garden and corn.
"Richard Walton (colored) will make seven hales of
cotton. He has only had assistance in gathering it. He
has no garden, but has provided for himself, and paid for
everything.
" Henry Johnson (colored) will make eight bales of cot-
ton, doing all the work himself.
" Mo&es Wright (colored) will make five bales. He has
had his wife and two women to aid him, and all have paid
their own way.
"Jacob, (colored,) on the Blackmail place, has made
seven bales of veiy fine cotton, the best I saw, and equal
to any ever grown in this section. lie had some assistance.
"Jim Blue, ^colored,) an old man, has made two bales
of cotton.
"George, (colored,) aided by two women, has made
eight bales of cotton.
" Miliy, (colored woman,) whose husband w.is killed by
the rebels, will make three bales of cotton- She had two
boys to aid het in picking, at fifty cents per day.
" Peter (eoloied) and Ins son have made two bale?, and
raised a crnp of coin.
" Ned (colored) will maketwo and a half bales of cotton,
besides his corn.
" Charles (colored) will make two bales of cotton, be-
sides his corn.
" Sancho (colored) works part of the Ballard place. I
was informed be would make eighty bales of cotton. He
works about twenty-seven men, women, and boys. I called
to see him, but he was absent.
" Patrick, (colored,) on the Parron place, near Milllkin's
Bend, has made about twenty-seven bales of cotton. He
has six or seven persons to aid him.
" Bob (colored) will make nine or ten bales of cotton on
the same place.
" Prince (colored) will make six or seven bales of cotton.
" From the above one can readily see that coercion is
not essential to make the negro woik. The new boon of
freedom had been granted,and still they steadily went for-
ward with their work, some of them accomplishing fully
as much as under the eye of a master and the lash of the
overseer."
Adjutant General Thomas also tells us that he
had leased fifteen plantations to freedmen, and
that they worked them well and judiciously, rais-
ing from four to one hundred and fifty bales of
cotton, on every pound of which the Govern-
ment received a rent of two cents. I hold in my
hand the account of sale of part of the cotton made
by a number of these poor freedmen. It is from
the second report of Mr. Yeatman—that on the
subject of leasing abandoned plantations:
" Ample provision is made for such freedmen as desiied
to lease ground for themselves. Such as did it last year
were eminently successful. I annex a statement of a few
account sales of cotton grown by the colored lessees: the
sales do not by any moans include all grown by them ; be-
sides there are many others who leased plantations, or parts
of plantations, for which no returns had been rendered.
Bales.
Solomon Johnson     7
Samuel Howard  47
William Goodin    3
Henry Johnson «  6
William Gibson and Forst  5
George Washington  4
York Hardin and J. Hardin  4
ThomasTaylor  1
Archy Stewart  5
Samuel Touseyand son  4
Peter Boyes .  2
Edward Maxwell     28
Contraband   • • •    12
Tom Taylor.  4
Moses Wright T  6
Charles Bowman  2
Nat Brooks  1
Alexander Hamilton  1
James Fisher  1
Lewis Jackson         4
Richard Walker  3
Lewis White and Charles  5
153
Bales. Bales sold. Netting
Silas Stcphcny  27 6 $1,401 35
Robert Cookley    7 3 790 43
York Horton  2 2 504 84
Sancho Lynch  75 29 6,897 43
Ileniy Hains  31 9 2.251 69
Sol Richardson  10 7 1.642 13
152 56 gl3,487 87
Luke Johnson....   11 9 $2,061 18
Richard Walker  5 5 1,247 60
Ben Minco  14 2 580 61
William Goodin  4 4 1,023 94
L. White  28 25 5,838 60
62 45 $10,751 93
152 56 . .
15 3 
  101
Whole number of bales raised 367
Net proceeds of 56 bales sold    .$'13,487 87
« « 45 " "   10,751 93
101 " "  24,239 80
Average of 276 " at $240  66,240 00
377 $90,479 80
PoorContraband, having twelve bales ofcotton
as working capital, may yet hope to earn himself
a " local habitation and a name."
Under General Thomas's arrangements these
people were hired at seven dollars a month for an
able-bodied man, and five dollars for a woman.
Under the influences which originated this bill
their wages have been raised to twenty-five dol-
lars for a first-class, twenty dollars for a second-
class, and fifteen dollars for a third-class man,
and women of the same character, instead of being
compelled to labor for-five dollars, now get eigh-
teen, fourteen, and eleven dollars.
Sir, speculators, when they leased lands, said
they could not work them and pay such wages;
but when the lettings of hands came to be made
there was much competition for laborers at the
enhanced price. On this subject Mr. Yeatman
says:
" The lessees were necessarily disappointed, having been
led to believe that they could employ laborers at the old
wages, seven dollars for men and five dollars for women of
every age and capacity. There were those who stated that
plantations could not be leased, if they had to pay the min-
imum wages required, sav for men graded No. 1, twenty-
five dollars; No. 2, twenty dollars; No. 3, fifteen dollars;
women of the same grades, eighteen dollars, fourteen dol-
lars, and fifteen dollars; but notwithstanding, wbert the
time for leasing came, there were none that held back on
this account."
Pecuniary advantage to ourselves is a mean
argument to suggest*, but let me ask whether the
men of the Northwest do not wish to create mil-
lions of consumers, liberal consumers, of their
great staples? I know that Pennsylvania and
New England will not complain if these four mil-
lion people who have been non-consumers of
their products shall send cach fall and spring to
buy the products of their workshops. Jt will do
the North no harm to see these freedmen and
their families in houses, rather than rn dog-
hutches called slave quarters; to know that they
have carpets upon their floors, furniture in their
rooms, and Yankee clocks upon their mantels; and
that when on the Sabbath day they repair to the
village church, built by their own generous con-
tributions, they dress as their taste may lead
them to.
This, Mr. Speaker, is not a political bill. It
is required by the exigencies of the case. We are
in the midst of a revolution, and it is no answer
to the demand for a bureau to say that there has
never been a Freedmen's Bureau before. J t is no
answer to say that there is no precedent. Gentle-
men, turn your vision to the front; for to-morrow,
and to-morrow, and to-morrow again will come,
and each day will bring new conditions and new
duties; and the man who is not ready to confront
the morrow is not fit to legislate for the leading
nation of the world.
But gentlemen inquire whether this bill will
benefit the white man. Yes, it will. I find that
among the eight million whites of the South, with
scarcely any foreigners among them, for foreign
labor has been excluded by the system of unpaid
labor that prevailed—among the eight million
whites there are more than fourteen thousand
more who cannot read or write than are found
among the eighteen millions of the North, though
these embrace almost all the uneducated foreign-
ers who have emigrated to this country. Under
the provisions of this bill, by which abandoned
plantations are to be occupied, the colored man
who has never owned himself, and the white man
who has owned nothingbuthimselfor afew acres
of mountain side or sandhill, can come and rent
from the Government a farm, larger or smaller as
his means may justify, for which he will be re-
quired to pay two cents a pound on the cotton he
may raise and five cents per bushel for corn, and so
add to the revenues of the country. It will blesa
the poor white man quite as much as it will his
dark-skinned brother, the freedman.
The bill might well be pressed as a revenue
measure. Mr. Yeatman tells us that the lands
leased up to February 12 will yield an income of
from twelve to fifteen hundred thousand dollars
per annum. But let him speak for himself:
" Under the present system all who employ labor, whether
owners or levees, aie required to contubute one cent per
pound on all cotton giown, which is to bo applied for the
maintenance and benefit of the aged and infirm freed people
and motheiless children, and the establishment of schools.
If the quantity of land applied for should be cultivated, it
will yield an income of from twelve to fifteen hundred thou-
!' sand dollars per annum to be applied to purpose? above men-
tioned, a sum more than sufficient. Those who labor will
ij suppoit themselves. Schools can and will ha established on
ti oveiy plantation leased wlteie there are children sufficient
!1 to justify. Teachers are now being supplied by the various
missionary and other educational associations; others if
required will be raised and supported out of the fund raised
by the one cent contribution. A blessed d«\v will it be when
this occurs. The year of jubilee will indeed have come,
"The quantity of land applied for will more than employ
all the laboiers now under our jurisdiction, but tho-e most
conversant with the condition of things at tlve South say
that there will be no difficulty ou the scoseof laborers, th^t
thousands will flock in the moment they hear that there is
,, work for them at fan wages. They have a dieadof the
11 freedmen's camp, in which so many have suffered and
' died."
And again :
" Dy a judicious fostering of the system of lahof proposed,
it will not only relieve the Government of the charge of
many thousands of these people whom they are now feeding
and maintaining in idleness, and who must if sQcantinued
fink into a deeper state of degradation and viee than they
