1822
THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
long as you allow the companies to compel their
customers to buy up their taxes.
Mr. MORRIllL. Mr. Chairman, I think that
a little misapprehension exists in the mind of the
gentleman from New York in relation to this arti-
cle. This article is a manufacture, and we only
give the right to the manufacturers of.gas that
any other manufacturers have—to charge this, if
they please, upon the consumers. It seems to
me that the gentleman should recognize a differ-
ence between the present time, when coal is nine
or ten dollars a ton, ftnd the time when it could
be bought for $3, $3 25, and $3 50 a ton. This
increased tax will not necessarily be imposed upon
the consumers; it merely gives the right to the
company to charge it if they see fit.
Mr. UPSON. What tax by this bill is im-
posed upon those gas companies?
Mr. MORRILL. We tax the amount of gas
that they produce and sell. We tax them five
per cent, upon all of their profits in addition. If
they make anything they have to pay five percent,
to the Government.
The amendment, by unanimous consent, was
withdiawn.
Mr. KALBFLE1SCH. I think my friend from
Vermont labors under a mistake. He says that
coal could formerly be bought for three dollars a
ton, and that it now costs ten and eleven dollars
a ton. I know that it could never be bought for
less than eight and nine dollars, and it is onlv
eleven dollars now. i mean buuminous coal,
from which gas is made.
There is another thing overlooked. In the pro-
duction of gas there is a residue called coke,
•which has gone up from two dollars to six dollars.
He excepts coal tar, which used to sell for one dol-
lar, and now sells for five. This should be taken
into consideration. He says this is a manufacture.
Why not charge it directly, and thus let them
share a portion of the burdens imposed upon the
community at large.
Mr. PATTERSON. A proposition, Mr. Chair-
man, has been before the Committee foi the Dis-
trict of Columbia to raise the pi ice of gas in this
city, and some facts have come to light which
bear upon this question. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has stated that the
gas company in this city were not able to pay a
dividend last year. That they did not does not
prove that they were notable to do it. The fact
is true that they have divided ten per cent, for
the last four or five years. They have divided
over seven per cent, from the time the company
went into operation, and in addition to that they
have reserved, by the confession of the members
of the company, $50,000 of surplus, by which
they have extended the mains and pipesthiough
the city, and there was good evidence before the
committee that they have reserved a surplus of
$250,000. For these among other reasons the
Committee for the District of Columbia saw fit
not to increase the price of gas.
Mr. STEVENS. Until last year they charged
one third more than they are allowed to charge
now. Last year, if the gentleman looked into it,
he will see that Congress brought down the max-
imum of their charges one third.
Mr. PATTERSON. During the progress of
the war they have divided ten per cent, annually
until the last quarter, that is January last, al-
though the price of coal is a little greater than it
•was in 1861 and 1862.
I will say, furthermore, that the Government
pays in all over one hundred thousand dollars to
the gas company in this city annually. The stock
of almost every gas company in the country, in
New York, Baltimore, Philadelphia, Boston,and
all the larger cities, is very much in advance of
par.
Mr. STEVENS. May I ask the gentleman if
he has bought any coal lately? i bought last
year, and paid seven dollars, and this year eleven
dollars for all I have bought.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH withdrew his amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. GR1SWOLD. 1 renew the amendment.
I merely wish to correct the impression which
evidently prevails with a great many gentlemen
here, as to the remuneration of gas companies. It
happens to be within my own expei lence as well
as observation, that a number of companies in
the State of New York, which are restricted by
State law as to the price they charge—and that
price was fixed when the cost of its production
was not more than one half the present cost—are
unable to-day to make the dividends which are
allowed by the law of the State. Notwithstand-
ing the prejudice which exists against these com-
panies,growmgoutof some wrongs and outrages
which have been perpetrated in large cities, i do
not see why companies in small places where the
people have invested in gas companies should
not meet the same protection and the same guards
as any other investment. I assure the gentleman
ftom New York [Mr. Ganson] that he is entirely
wrong as to the profits which inure to the stock-
holders in gas companies in the State of New
York.
I withdraw the amendment.
The question recurring on the amendment
offered by Mr. Utson,
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Griswold were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty-two, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The following clause was read:
On coal-illuminating oil, and naphtha, benzine, and ben-
zole, refined, piodueed by the distillation of coal, asphal-
tum, shale, peat, petioleuin or rock oil,and all other bitu-
minous substances, used tor like put poses, a duty of twenty
cents pei gallon.
Mr. "MORRILL. 1 move to amend by insert-
ing, after the word " oil," where it first occurs,
the word " refined," and to strike out the word
" refined" in the second line.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend further
by inserting the word "five" after the word
" twenty."
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the duty on these oils to forty
cents. When the act of 1862 was passed the prin-
cipal illuminating material in use throughout the
western section of the Union, and to some extent
throughout the whole country, was what was
called binning fluid, a manufacture of alcohol and
turpentine, but of alcohol in the main. So exten-
sive was the manufacture of this burning fluid that
in the city of Cincinnati alone it was estimated that
there was a consumption of that fluid to such ex-
tent that an amount of alcohol equal to the prod-
uct of twelve thousand bushels of corn was re-
quired in its manufacture for every twenty-four
hours. By imposing by that act a duty of forty
cents on alcohol, twenty cents on proof spirits,
which is equivalent to forty cents on alcohol,
and only ten cents on this coal, petroleum, and
other oils, this entire interest was completely de-
stroyed in less than a month after the law went
into effect. That extensive interest which came
in competition with the coal and petroleum oils
could not resist this discriminating tax, a tax of
foity cents on the one and ten cents on the other.
We tried to obtain a drawback on the duties on
alcohol that entered into this manufacture but
failed; and thus a great manufactuiing interest
in the West was destroyed for the especial ben-
efit of a great manufactuiing interest of Pennsyl-
vania. We complained then of the discrimina-
tion, we condemned the favor shown to the one
inteiest as against the other. We thought the
duties should have been the same, or at least
that the duty on oils ought to have been high
enough to justify competition; but the duty of ten
cents upon'the one and forty cents upon the other
was imposed, and ourinterest was suppressed and
destroyed, i insist that if proof spirits are able
to pay, at tins time, after tins interest has been so
extinguished, a duty of §1 25 a gallon, equal to
$2 50 on a gallon of alcohol, there isnogood rea-
son why this burning oil, produced in Pennsyl-
vania, and to some extent in Western Virginia,
and in some portions of Ohio, ought not to bear
at least some corresponding duty. Yet the high-
est duty proposed is twenty-five cents per gallon.
We are incie&sing, more than fivefold, the duty
on spirits over that imposed by the act of 1862,
and here you are only proposing to increase the
duty upon oils from ten cents to twenty-five cents
per gallon, with a drawback on ali that is ex-
ported and no duty whatever on the ciude pe-
troleum. Forty cents is but a reasonable duty,
a very moderate duty, and greatly less than it
should be considering the monopoly it has ob-
tained; and m addition to this there ought to be
a duty of at least ten cents per gallon on crude
petroleum.
I find a statement on my desk that this article,
which is produced with but little expense—a nat-
ural product of the earth—and which has become,
when refined, almost the sole illuminating ma-
terial throughout the entire country—a vast mo-
nopoly,a source of inexhaustible wealth to Penn-
sylvania—is to be used in its crude state for the
purpose of generating steam, as actually cheaper
than coal. There is probably no interest in the
country so prosperous. You do not impose any
tax whatever upon the crude material, and only
propose to make the duty twenty cents by the
bill, and but twenty-five cents as proposed by the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] upon
refined petroleum, and even less on coal oil. It
seems to me a very unjustdiscrimination against
one interest and in favor of another, against one
section of the country and in favor of another.
The compaiatively small cost of these oils, their
univeisal consumption in every shape and form
everywhere, the demand for exportation, make
them legitimate and proper subjects for a reason-
able tax.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment merely pro forma.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move to strike out
" twenty-five" and insert " forty."
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Chairman, there is no
comparison between the article of whisky and
this. Whisky is a luxury and a demoralizing
one,too.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman will allow me
to say that i was simply comparing the two in-
terests—the burning fluid interest of the West and
that of Pennsylvania. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man,for I have but a moment or two, and my con-
stituents are interested m this question. I said
that whisky was a luxury. I believe Shakspeare
calls ita " hell broth," and very properly. A tax
of twenty cents per gallon is equivalent to one
hundred percent, advalorem. There is not another
thing in the bill from the beginning to the end,
except articles of extravagance and luxury, that
has to pay such a tax as that. You lay a tax of
twenty cents on a thousand cubic feet of gas, and
now you propose to impose a tax of a hundred
per cent, ad valorem upon the poor man's light. It
costs twenty cents per gallon to produce this
article' under any possible contingency. More
money has been sunk in the Oil Creek country
than hasever been made there. Gentlemen seem
to be under the impression that oil is something
which flows out of the ground without expense.
Nineteen wise men go there and find nothing, and
the one fool goes there and digs a well and the oil
flows into it.
Now, sir, this tax of twenty-five cents per gal-
lon is all wrongin itself. The Committee of Ways
and Means should never have put it at more than
ten cents agallon. I say that this is emphatically
the poor man's light. It bi mgs cheerfulness and
comfort to the homes of the poor every where, sup-
plying to some extent the luxury which the
wealthy enjoy from gas in the cities. I hope that
no one here will think for a moment of increasing
the tax to a hundred per cent., to come out of this
unfortunate class of consumers.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope the gentleman from
Vermont will withdraw the amendment he has
offered from the Committee of Waysand Means.
He must be aware that this interest is already
burdened too much.
Mr. UPSON. 1 move to strike out " twenty-
five" and insert " fifteen" in lieu theieof. The
tax now, as I understand, is ten cents. I think
if we add half to that it will be sufficient. This
is a necessary article of use.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to state to the gentle-
men of the committee, that the Committee of
| Ways and Means have had more trouble to sat-
: isfy themselves what was just in this case than the
Committee on the Whole can have. The material
element which created the* necessity for raising
the tax upon this at tide is found in the provision
contained in the bill allowing a drawback on this
same articlc when exported for foreign countries.,
