ITS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
were as slaves. With protection such as is asked for, all
will fmd employment at fair wages, and will be able fully
to support tlieinsclves, besides putting millions into the
Treasury in the way of rental and tax and duties on cotton.
If the number of acres as applied for are planted and the
product derived from it as anticipated, a revenue of not
?6ss than eight millions may he calculated on. Besides,
the £ouotrV which is now laid waste and desolate will ho
madg to blossom once more as the rose, and yield a rich
return to thosfe who are willing to risk something to aid in
britfging about th§ae results. But pecuniary gain should
Be secondary to the good which is to be done to these poor
downtrodden people. It will elevate them in the scale of
civilization and prepare them to enjoy the rich boon of
freedom which has recently been granted to them."
But my time is almost spent. I appeal to gen-
tlemen to let this bill pass, or better still, to aid
iaits passage,and for once at least give
■ u Thanks for the privilege to bless
By word and deed
The widow in her keen distress,
The childless and the faiherless,
The hearts that bleed."
INTERNAL 1USVENUI3.
- Mr. DAWSON obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr, STEVENS, who said: I rise to a privi-
leged question. 1 submit the following report from
a committee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the hill (li, u.
No. 12--2) to increase the mterrmi revenue, and for other
purpose, having met, after full and fiee conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their respect-
ive Houses as follow?.:
That the House of Itepresentatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the thitd amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the with the following amendments: in line Mx of
said amemlmentstrike outthe word "seventy,55 and insert
in liou thereof the words "*ixty-flvej  and in line eleven
of said amendment strike out the word " eighty,'5 and in-
sert in lieu thereof the word "seventy."
That the Home of Representatives recede from their dis-
ftgieemoiu to the fmecnth amendment of the Senate, and
a^rec to the name with amendment*, as follows: in line
four of said amendment strikeout the word fifty," and
irneit in lieu thereof tin- woids u forty-live;" ami m line
bcven of said amendment i>tnko out the woid "sixty,55 and
insert in hen thereof th« word "tiny,"
'I hat the Hoti^e ol Representatives recede fi nm their dis-
agreement to the sixteenth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same.
W. P. FEPSRNDJSN,
TFMOTUY O. HOWE,
UJiVBUDV JOHNSON,
Managers on the }>ait of the Senate.
TUADDBUS STEVENS,
FERNANDO WOOD,
Managers on the part of the IIousc.
I dissent from this report.
E. B. WASIIBURNE.
Mr. Speaker, in a few words I can explain the
purport of that report. The eommittoe hold Unit
oy the action of the two l'-Iouses the quesuon of
taxing the stock oil hand was settled. All that
they Inul left for litem to do was to fix the duty
prospectively on the articles produced. The Sen-
ate Imd laid a tax of sixty cents; from that up to
the lstof .Tanuury, seventy cents; after the 1st of
January, eighty rents. The committee changed
it by maItma; the tax tip to the 1st of July at
sixty cents; between July ami Janmiry, sixty-five
cents; ami after January a permanent lax of
seventy cents; reducing the tax as made by ilie
Senate lull arid raising it as made by the House
hill. They also altered the duty on imported
liquors from fifty lo forty-five cents, and after Jan-
uary to fifty cents, so as to reduce it in proportion
to the reduction of the tax 011 domestic, liquors as
impowil by the Senate hill. These are till, [ be-
lieve, of the changes which have been made by
the committee.
Mr. WARD. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, whether the retro-
active features ol tins bill have been removed5
Mr. STEVENS. They have.
Mr. WARD, i would t ike to ask him further,
whether any mention is made n\ the bill in regard
to goods on shipboard? °
_ Mr. SI EVENS. There is no special provis- ■ ■
ion made for duties on shipboard, but all "ood^ !
imported after the passage of the bill are to pay '
the tax. There was a grunt desire to make some
difference, and to fix the duty only upon goods
wluch should be embarked after the passage of
the act, leaving those which were already afloat
without it. But wo found upon an examination
of the net of 18fi2 that a different principle had
been adopted, and we thought it would ho incon-
gruous to depart from that priacinle in the pres-
ent law.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania allow me to make a few remarks before
final action upon this report?- I will detain the
House but a few minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. My colleague on the com-
mittee of conference, [Mr. Washbubne,] I be-
lieve, desires to make some remarks upon this
report before a vote is taken upon it, and I must
first yield to him. I will say that the Senate
have adopted the report of the committee of con-
ference. I have stated its provisions. There
was, indeed, but little Ieftforus to do,theHouse
having agreed to the amendment of the Senate
striking outthe retroactive feature; lfaving agreed
to the amendment of the Senate striking out the
tax upon the goods on hand. But, sir, I do not
desire to detain the House by any remarks. I
yield to my colleague on the committee, [Mr.
wasiiburne.]
ENROLLED BILL AND JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. CORB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill and joint resolu-
tion of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the satne:
An act to amend an act entitled "An act for
enrolling and calling out the national forces, and
for other purposes;" approved March 3,1863; and
Joint resolution relative to the transfer of per-
sons in the military service to the naval service.
MESSAGE 1'ItOM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Sec-
retary.
Also, a message notifying the House that he
did, on the 19th instant, approve arid sign a joint
resolution (11. R. No. 30) tendering the thanks of
Congress to Major General W. T. Sherman.
Ami on the ^2d instant, a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 31) making appropi lations for the pay-
ment of duties 011 certain lands owned hy the Uni-
ted States; and
An act (II. R. No. ]45) for the relief of the
heirs of Noah Wiswall.
INTERNAL REVENUE—AGAIN.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. Being obliged
to differ from the conference committee,and with-
holding my assent from their report, I beg the
indulgence of the House to state in a few words
some of the reasons which have governed me in
my action. Believing not only in the principle
hut in the justice and policy as well as the neces-
sity of taxing liquors on hand for the purposes of
revenue, 1 have consistently voted in every siai^e
ol the hill for the proposition imposing that tax.
My convictions have never been clearer upon any
subject on which I have been called upon to act
in my capacity as a legislator. Those convictions
were shared by neatly two thuds of the IJousi ,
after a full and elaborate and able discussion,
and against the opposition of the Committee of
Ways and Means. The House adopted the fol-
lowing amendment to the bill oieiiiially reported
by the Committee of Ways anil Meaim:
fm/hi'r, Th,u all ,*piutv ,M1    
wlli'l li'-! distilled pi hh' to the dale 01 llii^Ktoi not,-.hall h:
Mlhjeet to the Kites ol duly piovidfil In thl> ;n t llianiuid
alter ihe t;2ih day 01 Jittuiaiy, t^tit; except that ^unts
vvliR.h have lie.'II alre.uly taxed undei the l:uv ol July 1, tsfU,
shall nm he.a more than die additional orincie.Md lax pro-
vided toi h> thia act."
The proposition contained in tins amendment
seemed to strike the House as an eminently
proper one. It was known that in anticipation
of an additional tax being put on whisky, and
that il would thereby he enhanced in price, at) im-
mense quantity of it was made, and the question
was then, wither tins vast amount of taxable
piopei ty, which had only been taxed one thml ot
what was now proposed to be assessed by Con-
gress, should £0 free of any additional tax; that
is, whisky having paid a tax of twenty cents a
gallon, and we by our legislation having added
sixty cents a gallon to its value, winch had to be
paid by the consumer, whether that forty cents
should go into the hands of the speculator and
holder of whisky, or into the Treasury? Thists
all theio is in the whole question; the talk of the
{aith of the Government plighted to (he whiskv-
holdeis that there should he no additional tax,
being contrary to what we have acted oil and are
acting un every day in our legislation and prac-
tice, is only one of those specious arguments so
easily advanced by interested parties.
The public will not and cannot lose sight of the
great fact that they have to pay this additional tax
in any event. Whisky has advanced in propor-
tion to the tax we have put on it, and that ad vance
comes out of the pocket of the consumer, and it
now, under this proposed law,willgointo the pock-
ets of the speculator and holder instead of going .
where it should go, into the Treasury, which is
reeling and tottering under our vast and unheard-
of expenditures. There is no faith of the Gov-
ernment, either express or implied, pledged to the
whisky speculators, or any other class of indi-
viduals in the same position. The faith of the
Government is just as much pledged to the con-
sumer of liquors, that it will not legislate to raise
the price on him, as.it is not to raise the tax on
the holder. What claim have these liquor holders
and liquor speculators on us over and above the
great masses of the community who consume the
liquors for manufacturing, medicinal, and other,
purposes? Sir, they have no special claims upon
Congress; they took their chances when they un-
dertook to gamble upon congressional legislation,
and they must accept the consequences. It should
be the province of Congress to repress rather than
to encourage this curse of speculation, which is
the handmaid of that venality, corruption,and ex-
travagance which always attend the prosecution of
great wars.
Well, sir, this House, as I said before, by a vote
of nearly two to one in a matter which seemed to
have been fully discussed and thoroughly under-
stood, determined that a tax should be imposed
on the stocks of liquor on hand. Then it was that
this vast private interest in the country became
alarmed; it was a question whether §10,000,000
of tax, after being paid by the public, should go
into the hands of private individuals or into the.
Treasury of the United States. Soon the city
becomes filled with these interested gentlemen
who besiege the Ilalls ol Congress and the doors
of committee-rooms, urging their peculiar views
of taxation in this particular with a degree of in-
genuity and eloquence proportioned to the amount
of interest each man had in the result of ourlegis-
lation. They said to Senators and Representa-
tives, "Let there be light," and, sure enough,
u there was light." In speaking of the specula-
tors and holders of liquors i speak in no personal
sense, for I know nothing and would suggest
nothing prejudicial to the personal character of
any of them. They are insisting upon legislation
in favor of their own interests and against what I
believe to be the interests of the puuhcgenerally,
and it is to that I am opposed.
The Senate struck out the provision of the
House hill in icgard to taxing stocks on hand,
but as a partial equivalent for the loss of cightor
ten millions by that action, they provided a slid-
ing scale of taxation for the future by levying sev-
enty cents a gallon on all liquors after the 1st of
July next to the 1st of Junuaiy, 1865, and eighty
corns a gallon on all after that date. The Senate
also struck out that piovision in the House bill
taxing forty cents per gallon additional on alhm-
ported liquors, thus deciding against levying a
tax of foity cents on stocks on hand, but in lieu
thereof putting on the additional lax on the sliding
scale on all domestic liquors distilled after the
passage of the act. Such was the action of the
Sonaie in rcgaid to the most material portions of
the House bill. The bill being returned to the
House, thus amended by the Senate, we exhibit
to the count)y the wonderful change which had
been wrought m the opinions of honorable mem-
bers. Nearly two thiidsofthe House having
voted 01 iginally for the proposition to tax whisky
on hand, there was now found n majority of three
' votes to concur in the Senate amendment striking
out that tax. The House having, therefore, voted
that it would not impose a tax of forty cents ad-
ditional on the stock on hand, I voted to non-con-
cur with the Senate amendment fixing the sliding
scale of tax for liquor hereaitcr distilled. I voted
in that way in the hope that if the stock on hand
could not be taxed the full forty cents additional
which the House had oiiginally deteimined on,
the sliding scale might be laised, and a less iate of
tax for that on hand might be agiecd upon, so
that about the same amount of revenue might be
derived as would have been obtained if the ori-
ginal House bill had become a law.
