2798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
census in 1865.
Mr. TRUMBXJLL. X move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint res-
olution No. 45.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the Senator aware that
there is a special order for one o'clock?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can get through with
this resolution by one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider,the joint resolution (S. No. 45) in relation
to the taking of a census in the year 1865. It pro-
vides that the Legislatures of the several States
be requested to cause an enumeration of the in-
habitants of such States and a census of their
industrial interests on the 1st of June, 1865, to
be taken upon the plan of the United States cen-
sus, and to supply a copy of the original returns
to the Census Office of the United States, at
Washington.
The Secretary of the Interior is directed to
prepare and forward to the Governors of such
States as shall make provision for taking such
enumeration and census the nccessary schedules
and instructions for that purpose.
The Secretary of the Interior is also directed
to forward a cony of these resolutions to the Gov-
ernor of each State, and to facilitate the objcct
thereof in such manner as he may deem expe-
dient.
The returns herein provided for may be trans-
mitted through the mails free of charge, subject
to such regulations as the Postmaster General
may prescribe.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I agreed to the reporting
of this resolution; but two days since, when the
matter was agitated, I understood the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] to declare dis-
tinctly that ho was not satisfied with the resolu-
tion, arid desired to have it looked into, and I un-
derstood him as being opposed to it. Pic has
just stepped out of the Chamber, and I think it
would perhaps be u surprise upon him if we were
to pass it under these circumstances. In order to
afford him an opportunity to he present when it
is acted upon, although I do nut wish to antago-
nize with the chairman of the committee, I will
move that it be laid over for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, the Chair will call for
the order of the day, being House hill No. 51.
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the bill (S,
No. 37) to prevent officers of the Army and Navy,
and other persons engaged in the military oi
naval sen ice of the United States, from inter-
fering with elections in the States.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed to the consideration of the hill which is the
order of the day, being the hill from the House
of Representatives to establish a Bureau of Freed-
men's Affairs. H has been already awaiting the
action of the Senate too long, and I hope it will
not be postponed for anything else.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senate will take
up the hill I have indicated. It is a bill of the
utmost importance. It has been discussed pretty
elaborately by the Senate, ami I do not think it
will take more than an hour or two to have action
upon it. 1 do not think it is economizing time
to take up bills and discuss them four or five days
and then lay them aside without any action upon
them. This bill concerns a matter of the very
greatest moment and importance. The object of
the bill is to protect and preserve the purity of
the elective franchise. I hope that all prior ordets
may be postponed, and the bill may be taken up
and proceeded with to-day. I ask for the yeas
and nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Buekalew,Caihle, Davjs, Gumes, Hen-
rlei-Min, ,Johnson, Lane ofludiana, Powell, Rich-
ardson, Van Winkle, and Wiliey—12.
NAY;?—Messis.Anthony, Blown, Chandler. Clark, Con-
ness, Doohtth-, Ft-ssuuden, Fostei, Harlan, Hairis, Morgan,
Pomeioj, Sherman, Sumner, Ten E.\ck, Trumbull, and
Wilson—-IT.
ABSENT — Me^rs. Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Foot,
Hale, ri.tithnsr, ilu'ks Howard, Howe, Lane of Kansas,
McDougnM, Morull, Nesmith, Ramsey,lluldle, Saulebury,
Spraguo, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright—20.
So the motion to postpone the special order was
not agreed to.
frekdmen's bureau.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 51) to
establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs. The
select committee on slavery and frcedmen re-
ported the bill with an amendment to strike out
of the bill all after the enacting clause and insert
the following in lieu thereof:
That an office is hereby created in the Treasury Depart-
ment to be caliod the Bureau of Frcedmen, meaning thereby
such persons as have become fiee since the beginning of
the present war, under the care of a Commissioner, with
an annual salary of $4,000, who shall be appointed by the
Piesident, by and with the advice and coriscnt of the Sen-
ate; and there shall be a chief cleik, acting also as dis-
buising officer, under bonds to the United States*, with an
annual salary of $2,000, and also such number of clerks,
not exceeding two of each class, as shall be necessary,
who shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner
shall have authority, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to cieate departments of freedmen within
the rebel States, so lar as the same may be brought under
the military power of the United Stales; and each depart-
ment shall be under the supervision of an assistant com-
missioner, with an annual salary of $2,000, to be appointed
by the Secretary of the Tieasuiy, aud with authority to
appoint local superintendents and clerk1?, so faras the same
may be needed, at a compensation not exceeding the ordi-
nary late tor similar seivices, subject, in all re&pects, to
the approval of the tfeeietaiy.
Sec. 3. Jliul be it father enacted, That the military com-
mander within any'department shall, on the application of
the assistant commissioner theioof, supply .ill needful mil-
itary siippoit in the di«ehaige of the dntu s of mi eh assistant
commissioner, unless there aiecoutrolling military reasons
for withholding the inline; aud any military commander
may bo appointed assistant commissioner, without increase
of salaiy.
Si:c. 4. Jhul be it further enacted, That the Commissioner,
midei the direction of the Seeretaiy of the Tieasury, shall
have the g'-noral supoi mtendence of all fieedmen through-
out the several dep.utmcnt--, and it shall ho ins duty espe-
cially to watch over file execution ol all laws, proclama-
tions., and mvht.uy oider* of emancipation, or m any way
concern nm fieedmen, and gene rail >, by earctul regulations,
in the spin! of the Constitution, to piotect these peisonsiu
the enjoyment of their lights, to piomote their wei(aie,aiul
to secure to thorn and their posterity the blessings of lib-
erty.
si c. 5. JInd be it ftofher enacted, That the assistant com-
mi^-ionei-, shall have am hoi ity, within then te. [>(••. tivc de<-
panments. to take po^M^sion of all abandoned real estate
and ail real estate, with the houses thereon, liable to sale
ot cot Hi-cation, oi to any claim ot title In i he (Jnned Mates,
and not ahead) appmpi laiod to Co\ einment u<c^ ; and ais-o
to take po--e ioii of all pei.-onal piopeity found on -on-h
estate, ami to lent or lease all such real estate, or any pait
theieof, with the pnsouul piopeity thereon, mid to act as
in^peetois of the same ; or in case no pioper le^ee^ean he
found, 1 lion to cause the same to ho cultivated or occupied
by the tieedmen, on such tenns, m either case, and undei
such legulations, as the Commissioner may detenmne :
Provided, That no tieedmen -hall he held to service on any
estate above mentioiud, otheiwise than aeeoidmg to vol-
untaiy contiaet reduced to wining and certified b) the as-
sistant commissioner oi local superintendent, nor shall any
such contiaet bo ioi a longer pettod than twelve months
Src. 0. *'lnd be it further enacted, That the assistant
comim^sionois and local superintendents shall he ready,
as advisoty uuauiians, to aid the frcedmen in the ndjit-t-
ment of their wajres, or, where ihey have icnted planta-
tions or small holdings, in the oiyam^ation of their labor,
that they shall take care that the fieedmen do not snftei
t'loin lll-tieatment oi an> (ailuie ol contiaet on the part of
others, and that on their pair, they perfouri their duty in
the pieimse'i; that ihey -hall further do what they can
atbuiaiois, to reconcile and settle any differences in which
fieedmen may be involved whether among themselves or
between thein-elves and other pcr-ons; and in < a>c such
deferences aie earned before any tribunal, civil or mili-
taiy, they shall appear as next fuends of the tieedmen, so
tar as to see that the case is lanly stated and lieaid. And
in all such proceedings thine shall bo no d^abihty or ex-
clusion on account ot color.
Sec. 7. Jin<l be it. further enacted,That leases heretofore
made 1>\ the snpervtsin2speci.il ajjentsof the Tica-ury f)c-
paitment, under the authontyof the General Older 031,
of the vSecietary of War, dated October 9,1863, and in ae-
eoidance with the lobulations ot the Tieasury Department,
shall have the, same elleet aw if made by assistant commis-
sioners under this act; and such agents shall have tin* same
powers in the premises as are given hci em to assistant com-
missioner : Provided, That no lease shall be made by I hem
foi a longer period than one year, and that immediately
upon the organization of any department of freedmen, such
agents shall cease to execute their lunctions within such
oi-paitment, aud shall deliver ovei to the assistant com-
missioner thereof all piopertv and papeis held by them as
ancnis. But all expenses necessarily incurred by such
agents In any depainnetit. ptior to its organization under
tins act, shall bo dehayed b) tho Secietaryof the Trea-ury
out of any moneys in his hands ausingiroin the leases made
by such agents.
Sf.c. 8. €rt.ffe£e<-?,Thatth<:Commi55ioner
shall apply the proceeds arising from leases m the seveial
depastments to pay the salaries and other expenses under
this act, so that the buieau lieiein established may become
at an early day self %uppoiunc; and any proceeds over and
above the annua! expense thereof shall be paid into the
Treasury oi tiie United States.
Sec. 9. v'indbe dfiathet enaded, That it shall be the duty
of ail officers, civil aud inihtaiv, chained witii the execu-
tion of any law, proclamation, or military order of eman-
cipation, orin any way eoncerningtieedmen,notmusteied
lino, noi regularly engaged in the nuSitaiy seivice,toinake
return to the Commissioner of all their proceedings inexi*-
cution thereof, under such regulations as shall from time
to time be prescribed.
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sions shall, before the commencement of each sess.on of
Congress, make full report of hispioceedings to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, who shall communicate the ?ai\i" to
Congress. And the assistant commissioner-, shall make
quaiterly reports of their proecdings to the Comini—imu i,
and also sueh other special reports as from time to time may
be required.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr, President, the Senate
only a short time ago was engaged for a week in
considering how to open an iron way from the
Atlantic to the Pacific. It is now to consider how
to open a way from slavery to freedom.
I regret much that only thus tardily we have
been able to take up the bill for a Bureau of Freed-
men. But I trust that nothing will interfere with
its consideration now. In what I have to say, I
shall confine myself to a simple statement. If I
differ from others I beg to beunderstood that itis
in no spirit of controversy, and with no pride of
opinion. Nothing of this kind can enter justly
into any such discussion.
I shall not detain the Senate to expose the im-
portance of this measure. All must confers t tat
a glance. It is at once a chanty and a duty.
By virtue of existing acts of Congress, and also
under the proclamation of the President, large
numbers of slaves have suddenly become free.
These may now be counted by the hundred thou-
sand. In the progress of victory they will be
counted by the million.
As they derive their freedom from the United
States, under legislative or executive acts, the na-
tional Government cannot be excused from mak-
ing such provisions as may be required for their
immediate protection arid welfare duting the pres-
ent trausiltoii pt) iod. The freedom that has been
conferred must be rendered useful, or at least saved
from being a burden. Reports, official and un-
official, show the necessity of action. In some
places it is a question of life and death.
It. would be superfluous to quote at length from
these reports, which all testify alike, whether
from Louisiana, South Carolina, Fortress Mon-
roe, Vicksburg, Tennessee, Arkansas. I kn-v.v
not where the cail is most urgent. It is mgeiit
every wheie; and in some places it is the voice of
distress.
Wherever our arms have prevailed the old so-
cial system has been destroyed. Masters have
fiwl, and slaves have assumed a new character.'
Released from their former obligations, and often
adriftin the world, they naturally look tuthopie-
vathng power. Here, for instance, is testimony
which I take from an excellent repot t made in tho
department of Tennessee, under date of Apiil29,
1803:
Negroes, in accoidance with the acta ofComxie^s, free
on coming within our lines, cnculated much like watei; tho
task was to care for and tender useful.
'•They rolled like eddies aiound militaiv posts; mativ of
the men employed xn aecoidanco with Order No. 79, dn-
tuet West Tennessee; women and clukhen laigoly doing
nothing but eating and idhns, the dupes of vice and" cume,
the unsuspecting sources of disease.*'
Fiom this statement Senators may form an idea
of ilie numbers who seek avssi&tance.
But the question is often asked as to the dispo-
sition of those persons to labor. Here, also, the
testimony is explicit, f have in my hand the
answers from different stations on this point.
•'■Question. 'What of their disposition to labor.""
"jinwer, Coiinth. 'So fai as I ha\e te-fed it, better than
I expected ; willing to work for money, except in waning
on the sick. One hundred and fifty hands gathered fiv.*
hiindied acres of cotton in less than three week*, much of
winch time was bad weather. The ownei admitted that
it was done inoie quickly than it could have been do.io
with slaves. When detailed for service, they gene;ally
lemained till honorably dischamed, even wln-n badly
tieated. I ain well satisfied, trom careful calculations,
that the contrabands of this e:imp and de-met have netted
the Go\emment, over and above all their expen-e*, in-
cluding rations, tents, &.c.. at least $3,0QU per month, imie-
pendeiitof what the women do and .ill the propeity biought
through our lines from the iehels.'
'•Cairo. 'Willing to labor when they can have pioper
motives.'
"Grand Junction. 'Have manifested con«ideiablc dispo-
sition to escape labor, having had no sufficient motives to
woik.'
"Holly Springs and Memphis. ' "With few exceptions,
geneially willing, even without pay. Paid reguhniy, they
aie much more prompt.'
"Memphis. 'Among men, better than among women.
Hold out to them the inducements, bonefit to themselves
and friends, es-entiai to tne iiuiu-tivof anv nice,and they
would at once be diligent and mdnsfnous.'
'■'Bolivar. ' Geneially good; wou'ri be tmpioYed by the
uiea or* paj
