1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
flf
But you will see, Mr. Speaker, by the report of
the conference committee, that there is not only-
nothing in the bill that imposes any tax whatever
on the stock on hand, but the sliding scale on
liquor hereafter distilled'has been actually reduced
from seventy and eighty cents on a gallon to sixty-
Jive and seventy cents oft a gallon. While the
House concurred in the Senate amendment not to
, tax domestic liquors on hand, it refused to concur
I in its amendment striking out the tax on foreign
  Ifquors on hand. The House did not, therefore,
settle any principle by its action on this subject,
it onjy determined it would not levy a tax of forty
cents a gallon on domestic liquors on hand, i will
not violate any parliamentary rule or usage by
referring to any action of the committee of con-
ference, but I will state what I wish had been done
by tlyxt committee. The House and Senate hav-
ing both agreed they would not tax domestic
liquors on hand forty cents a gallon, I would have
been glad if the committee had imposed a tax of
twenty cents a gallon on stocks on hand, and raised
the sliding scale from seventy to eighty cents from
arid after next July to the 1st of next January,
and one dollar a gallon after that time. Such an
amendment to the bill by the commiitee of con-
ference could have been made in confotmity to
parliamentary practice and to the usage of such
committees. The bill thus amended would have
yielded to a great extent the amount of revenue
which the condition of the country demands from
such an interest, and the burden of the taxation
'would fall where it belongs. I hope the House
will, therefore, vote down the report of the com-
mittee, so that another committee may be ap-
pointed that will insist upon such a modification
of the differences between the two Houses as will
secure to the Treasury at least a portion of the
immense sum to be paid by the people which
otherwise would go into the pockets of the specu-
lators. But if the House will not do this on this
bill, I think gentlemen will find out the contro-
versy on this question has but just opened. The
attention of the people must be attracted to it, and
when the next revenue bill comes up the whole
ground must be gone' over again, after we have
been instructed by an enlightened public senti-
ment.
i But, Mr. Speaker, it is not only on account of
what is lost to the Treasury, and the injustice to
the public which flows from permitting this stu-
pendous private interest to go un whipped of a just
taxation, that I shall regret the refusal of Con-
gress to impose this tax on liquors on hand. It
is a fearful indication to me that in our legislation
here the interests of combinations of individuals,
of monopolizei's, speculators, and corporations,
interests which can bear taxation, are to be com-
paratively exempted, while the great buiden of
the tax is to fall upon the masses of the people
who are the least able to bear its weight. Let
Congress undertake to impose even the most
proper taxation on any of the great interests such
as I have spoken of, the representatives of those
interests will swarm the city and penetrate our
committee-rooms, and into our legislative halls;
but the masses of the people, our own constitu-
ents, upon whom all of this tax is to fall, if these
interests cscape, have no outside agents here to
argue thnirsideof the case before ourcommittees.
They have confided to their Representatives in
this Hall the greatdutyof watchingtheirinterests
- in all these matters so vital to them. It is a wise
provision of our Constitution which declares that
all bills for raising revenue must originate in the
House of Representatives. As the taxes to be
raised would fall on the people, it was wise to pro-
vide that their immediate Representatives, those
more immediately responsible to them, should
alone have the power of originating measures for
taxation. Our constituents, therefore, have a
right to look to us for the protection of their in-
terests in the revenue bills we are to enact, and in
this matter of imposing taxes upon them. While
they are at home pursuing their ordinary avoca-
tions, in t^ie fields and in the workshops, it is
proper for them to demand of their Reptesenta-
tives here that they shall vigilantly guard all their
interests, and permit no burdens to fall on them
which ought to fall on other interests. Thiscon-
fidence having been reposed in me by a constit-
uency whose interests I have never yet misrep-
resented, I propose to stand to the end wheie I
have always stood on this proposition, and shall
vote against the report of the committee of con-
ference, in order that we may have a new com-
mittee who .will bring in a bill embracing the
features I so much desire to see incorporated in
it. I move to disagree to the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker,
my colleague upon the committee of conference
from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] has stated rea-
sons why he did not concur in the report which
was made, and it becomcs my duty now to state
reasons why I did concur in tnat report. I desire
to say that I now agree fully with the gentleman
from Illinois in all he has said in support of the
principles of the amendment which I had the
honor to offer, and which was adopted by so
large a vote of the House. I believe that that
amendment is right; i believe it is politic, that
it is wise to tax the whisky on hand.
I regretted exceedingly that the Senate by so
large a vote should differ with the House upon
that point; and I regretted much more that gen-
tlemen, no doubt from proper motives, found it
necessary to change their positions upon that
point.
As was said by the gentleman who has just
taken his seat, the principles of that amendment
were ably discussed here. All the views which
could possibly be advanced in favor of it were
advanced; and all which could be possibly said
against it was said against it. 1 listened atten-
tively to the arguments upon the other side, but
I heard not one thatconvinced me that the amend-
ment was not just, right, and proper or that it
was not in accordance with principles heretofore
established by the Government to tax the stock
on hand. And I am ready now to cooperate with
the gentleman from Illinois, and with any other
member of this House, in sustaining that view,
and in incorporating it, if we can, into this bill.
But, sir, as I understand the powers and duties
of conference committees, they are confined ex-
clusively to those points about which the two
Houses of Congress differ; conference commit-
tees are appointed because there are differences
between the two Houses of Congress; and the
jurisdiction of a committee of conference can ex-
tend only to those points of difference. Ifthat is
true they had no power to take up any other ques-
tion, especially one, as in this case, upon which
the two Houses had originally differed, but after-
wards agreed.
The very able gentlemen upon that conference
committee, gentlemen of very enlarged experience
in public affairs in this country, and especially in
legislation, whose opinions and experience were
entitled to the highest consideration, stated that
the Senate by a very nearly unanimous vote had
sustained the Vice President in ruling that the re-
port of a conference committee which contained
matters not at issue was out of order and would
not be received.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me a moment?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think I
understand the argument of the gentleman from
New York, and I must be permitted to differ with
him in regard to the jurisdiction of the committee
of conference upon this bill. It will be recol-
lected , as 1 stated in the few remarks I have made,
that the Senate struck out that portion of the
House bill which imposed a .tax on domestic
liquors on hand. But the piinciple did not stop
there; the House further in their bill imposed a
tax upon foreign liquors on hand. Although we
concurred with the Senate in that amendment,
striking out the tax upon domestic liquors, we re-
fused to concur with the Senate in striking out the
tax upon foreign liquors. Therefore it was a bal-
anced question m the House. We had decided
neither one way nor the other, and it was not fore-
closed to the committee of conference to take this
whole subject under consideration.
But further than that, I differ from the principle
which the gentleman has suggested. I say—and
I speak from personal observation of what has
been the action of these conference committees
! for ten or twelve years—I say the committee of
! conference could agree to an amendment which
| was germane to an amendment upon which the
j two Houses agreed, or germane to the bill itself.
! In my judgment there was no difficulty, no par-
i liamentary law, no parliamentaiy usage, which
would have prevented the committee of" confer-
ence, when they were considering- the amend-
ments, from considering such an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will recoiled
—and I may mention it now that: discussion is
opened—that in committee the question of jttri®*
diction was decided adverse to the rightof taking
up this matter. ^
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did nU
feel at liberty to refer to any action of the. com-
mittee.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee did decide
against the jurisdiction.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My friend
need not have told me that, but I appeal from the
decision of that committee to the representatives
of the people, who are sent here to guard the peo-
ple 's interest. I say that Jn my judgment that
committee had a perfect right to make such an
amendment as I have indicated, and in that I be*
lieve I could appeal with confidence to the Speak-
er, and I know I can appeal with confidence to
our Journal clerk, (Mr. Barclay,) who has been
such for twenty years, and who, I undertake to
say, is the best parliamentarian in this country.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The gentleman
from Illinois made precisely the same speech be-
fore the committee of conference upon this ques-
tion which he has made now. I was not suffi-
ciently familiar with the rules governing the action
of conference committees to have any opinion of
my own as to the power of conference committees
under such circumstances. -But it is a sufficient
answer to say that gentlemen who have been six-
teen years continuously in cither one or the other
Houses of Congress, gentlemen who were here
twenty-two years ago, holding seats in these con*
ference committees, did differ with the gentleman
from Illinois. A large majority differed with him.
It was there settled that there was no power to
take up, to determine, to take from, or to add to,
the provisions of this revenue bill, or to treat upon
any subject, if there had not been an issue between
the two Houses upon the subject. In my inex-
perience I naturally yielded, upon this question
of jurisdiction, to a majority of the committee
of conference of which 1 had the honor to be a
member.
Again, sir, as I understood my duty, it was to
represent, so far as I had the power, the decision
of the House of Representatives. Although the
decision of this question of taxingliquorson hand
was dircctly in opposition to my own opinion and
my vote, yet looking upon my position as simply
a representative upon that committee of the wishes
of the House of Representatives, I had no dis-
cretion, no option, and was obliged to represent
thatsentimentasit was expressed in a concurrent
vote with the action of the Senate.
Therefore, although I have changed no opinion
as to the necessity or propriety of taxing whisky
on hand, and although I am ready to vote with
the gentleman from Illinois to fix this same feature
upon any other bill which may be reported.from
the Committee of Ways and Means, I felt con-
vinced upon this question here, signed the report,
and am ready to sustain that report by my vote
now.
The SPEAKER stated that, as the powers of
conference committees had been under discussion
in the committee which has just leported, with
the light of the Presiding Officer to rule out their
report, and as the gentleman from Illinois had
appealed to htm to state his opinion thereon, the
Chair would give it if there was no objection.
The conference report that was ruled outof order
by the Vice President was made during the last
Congress. His distinct recollection was that after
settling the disagreements between the two Houses
that conference committee recommended to both
Houses of Congress to amend the original text,
which had not been referred to them at all, and
over which consequently they had no jurisdiction.
The Chair believed then, as now, that the Vice
President had decided correctly.
But as to the power and right of a conference
committee to recommend a concurrence in pend-
ing amendments by adding amendments thereto,
the Chair had no doubt whatever, especially if the
proposed amendments differed in any material de-
gree from amendments rejected by both Houses,
and also related to the article or subject referred
to in the disagreeing votes referred to them for
adjustment.
