1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
2799
^Here, also, is a glimpse at Newbern, North
Carolina, under date of February 26, 1864:
" Immediately on my return 1km e, on the 12th of October,
I instituted measures for placing trio different abandoned 1
plantation?, vvnhm our lines in this State under proper i
management and cultivation. As soon as it became known !
that as supervising Treasury agr-nt I had charge of this! j
property, I was visited by hundieds (and I might correctly j
t-ay thousands*) of contrabands, along with numerous white <
persons, de&mug to obtain pnvileged to work upon the •
same " |
And hern is the testimony of General Banks, i
in Louisiana:
"Wherever m the department they have been well
treated and r<>a->onably compensated, they have invaimbly
rendered faithful service to their employeis. Fioni many
persons who manage plantations I have received the in-
formation that there is no difficulty whatever in keeping
them utwoik if the conditions to which I have referred
are complied with."
I do not quote further, for it would simply take
time. But 1 cannot forbear from adding that the
report from tho commission on freedmen, ap-
pointed by the Secretary of War, accumulates
ample testimony on this head, all showing that
the freedmen are anxious to find employment.
But your Treasury testifies to their productive
power, for it contains at this moment more than
a million dollars which have come from the sweat
of freedmen.
It is evident, then, that the freedmen are not
idlers. They desire work. Butin their helpless
condition they have not the ability to obtain it
without assistance. They are alone, friendless,
and uninformed. The curse of slavery is still
upon them. Somebody, must take them by the
hand; not to support them, but simply to help
them to that work which will support them.
Thus far piivate societies m different parts of the
country, at the East and the West—especially at
all the principal centers—have done much towaid
this charity. I^it private societies are inadequate
to the duties required. The intervention of the
national Government is necessary. Without
such intervention, many of these poor people,
freed by our acts in the exercise of a military ne-
cessity, will be left to perish.
The service required is too vast and complex for
unorganized individuals. It must proceed from
the national Government. This alone can sup-
ply the adequate machinery, and extend the
proper network of assistance, with that unity of
operation which is required. The national Gov-
ernment must interfere in this case precisely as
in building the Pacific railroad. Private charity
in our country is active and generous, but it is
powerless to cope with the evils arising from a j
wicked institution; nor can it provide a remedy
where society itself has been overthrown.
There are few who will not admit that some-
thing must be done by the Government. Cold
must be that heart which could turn away from
this call. But whatever is done must be througn
some designated agency, and this br;ngs me to
another aspect of the question.
The President in his proclamation of emanci-
pation has used the following language: " I rec-
ommend to them"—that is, to the freedmen—
" that mall cases, when allowed, they labor faith-
fully for reasonable wages." Such is the recom-
mendation from that supreme authority which
decreed emancipation. They are to labor, and
for reasonable wages. But the Presidentdoes not
undertake to say how this opportunity shall be
obtained: how the laborer shall be brought in con-
nection with the land; how his rights shall be pro-
tected; and how his new-found liberty shall be
made a blessing. It was enough, perhaps, on
the occasion of the proclamation that the sug-
gestion should be made. Faithful labor and rea-
sonable wages! Let these be secured,andevery-
thing else will follow. But how shall these be
secured ?
Different subjects as they become importantare
committed to the care of special bureaus. 1 need
only refer to patents, agriculture, pubhc lands,
pensions, and Indian affairs, each under the charge
of a separate Commissioner. Clearly the time has
come for a Bureau of Freedmen. In speaking ol a
Bureau of Freedmen, I mean a bureau which will
be confined in its operations to the affairs of freed-
men, and not travel beyond this increasing class
to embrace others, it may be of African descent i
Our present necessity is to help those who have
been made free by the present war; and the term !
freedmen describes sufficiently those who have
once been slaves; and it is this class which we
propose to help during the transition period from
slavery to freedom. Call it charity or duty, it
is sacred as humanity.
But here a practical question arises with regard
to the Department in which this bureau shall be
placed. There are reasons for placing it in the
War Department—at least during the continuance
of the war. There are other reasons for placing
it in the Department of the Interior, which has
charge of the public lands, Indian affairs, pen-
sions, and patents. But whatever may be the rea-
sons on general grounds for placing it in one of
these two Departments, there are other reasons,
of special importance at this moment, which point
to the Treasury Department. Indeed, aftercare-
ful consideration, the committee were satisfied
that it was so clearly associated with other inter-
ests already intrusted to this Department, that it
could not be advantageously administered else-
where. Although beginning this inquiry with a
conviction in favor of the War Department, I
could not resist the conclusion of the committee.
Look, for one moment, at the class of duties
aheady imposed upon the Treasury Department
in connection with the very homes of these fieed-
mon.
Congress has, by special acts, conferred upon
the Secretary of the Treasury extraoidinary pow-
ers^with tegard to tiade in the lebelStates. There
was, first, the act of July 13,1861, entitled " fur-
ther to provide for the collection of duties on im-
ports and other purposes," which declared that
commcicial intercourse with any State or part of
a State in rebellion, when licensed by the Presi-
dent, " shall be conducted and carried on only in
pursuance of rules and regulations presciibed by
the Secretary ofthe Treasury." And it is further
provided that
" The Secretary ot the Treasury rimy appoint such officers
at places where officers ot the customs aie not now au-
thorized by law, as may be needed to carry into effect such
license1;, rules, and icgulatioms.1'—Statutes at Large, vol.
13, p. lio7.
There is another act of Congress, approved
July 13, 1862, supplementary to the latter act,
which confers additional powers upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury with reference to trade with
"any place in the possession or under the control
of insurgents against the United States."
There is also the act of June 7, 1862, entitled
"An act for the collection of direct taxes m insur-
rectionary districts within the United States, and
for other purposes." in this act it is provided
(section nine) that where the hoard of commis-
sioners shall be satisfied that the owners of lands
"have left the same to join the rebel forces, or
otherwise to engage in and abet this rebellion, and
the same shall ha\e been struck off to the United
States at said sale, the said commissioners shall,
in the name of the United States, enter upon and
take possession of the same, and may lease the
same, together or in parcels, toany person or per-
sons who are citizens of the United Spates;" arid
(section ten) the commissioners "shall from time
to time make such temporary rules and regula-
tions and insert such clauses in said leases as
shall he just and proper to secure employment
and support, at wages or upon shares of the crop,
of such persons and families as may be residing
upon the said parcels or lots of land, which said
rules and regulations are declared to be subject
to the approval of the XJresident." (Statutes at
Large, volume twelve, page 424.) The execu-
tion of this act is lodged in the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Then comes th*. act of Congress, approved
March 12, 1863, entitled "An act to provide for
the collection of abandoned property and for the
prevention of frauds in insurrectionary districts
within the United States." Under this act the
Secretary was authorized " to appoint a special
agent or agents to receive and collect all aban-
doned or captured property in any State or Ter-
ritory, or any portion of any State or Territory
of the United States, designated as in insurrec-
tion against the lawful Government of the United
States." The cut proceeds with details on the
subject.
Such are the powers conferred by Congress
upon the Treasury Department concerning uade
and abandoned property hi th  lebel SUtw.
These were followed by a general order from the
War Department, as follows:
[General Orders. No* 331.]
War Department,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, October 9,1863.
The President orders:
1. All houses, tenements, lands, and plantations, except
such as may be required foi military purposes, wliich have
been or may be deseited and abandoned by insurgents with-
in the lines of the military occupation of the United States
force" in States declared by proclamation ofthe President
to be in insurrection, will hereafter be under the supervis-
ion and control of the supervising special agents of the
Treasury Department.
2. Ail commanders of military departments, districts, and
posts willj upon receipt of this order, surrender and turn
over to the proper supervising special agent such houses,
tenements, lands, and plantations not required tor military
uses as may be in their possession or under their control;
and all officers of the Army of the United Slates will at all
times rendertothe agents appointedby the Secretary ofthe
Treasury all such ai5 as may be necessary to enable them
to obtain possession of such houses, tenement5!, lands, and
plantations, and to maintain their authority over the same.'
By order ef the Secretary of War:
. , E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General,
By this order, as it appears, the Treasury De-
partment has been Substituted to the War Depart-
ment in jurisdiction over " houses, tenements,
lands, anil plantations deserted and abandoned by
insurgents within the lines of military occupa-
tion." This is broad, but it is positive.
In pursuance of these acts of Congress, and of
this order of the War Department, the Secretary
of the Treasury has proceeded to appoint special
agents and to establish a code of regulations. I
have in my hands now a small volume, entitled
" Commercial Intercourse with States Declared in
Insurrection and the Collection of Abandoned and
Captured Property," containing the statutes and
also the departmental regulations on the subject.
It appears thut there is now an organization under
the Secretary of the Treasury, and also a system,
both of reasonable completeness, to carry out
these purposes.
In determining where the Bureau of Freedmen
should be placed it becomes important to consider
the interests which it ispropospd to guard; and
this brings me to another aspect of tfie question.
Looking at the freedmen, whose welfare is in
question, we shall find that their labor may be
classified under two different heads: first, mili-
tary; and secondly, predial, or relating to farms.
There will be still other laborers, including espe-
cially mechanics; but these will be chiefly in the
towns. The large ma3s will be included m the two
classes I have named. It is, therefore, these two
classes that are to be particularly considered.
1. The first class is already provided for. It
appears that one hundred thousand freedmen are
already engaged in the military service as soldiers
or laborers. Others will continue to be engaged
in this way. These are all naturally and logically
under the charge of the War Department; nor
do they need the superintendence of the proposed
bureau. The act of Congress equalizing their
condition in the Army of the United States is
better for them than any bureau.
2. But theie will remain the other larger class,
consisting in the main of women and children and
farm laborers, who must find employment on the
abandoned lands. To this labor they are accus-
tomed. These lands are their natural home.
But this class must naturally and logically come
under the charge of the Department which has
charge of the abandoned lands. Conceding that
all in the military service fall under the superin-
tendence ofthe War Department, it follows with
equal reason that all who labor on the lands
must fall under the superintendence of the Treas-
ury Department, so long, at least, as this Depart-
ment has charge of the lands.
This conclusion seems so reasonable that your
committee were not able to resist it. But the tes-
timony of persons who have given particular at-
tention to the question is explicit also, so that
experience is in harmony with reason. I have
in my hands a letter from Colonel McKaye, an
eminent citizen of Kew York, and also a mem-
ber of the commission to inquire and report on
this subject, appointed by the Secretary of War.
After visiting South Carolina and Louisiana, ex-
pressly to study the necessities of freedmen, and
to ascertain what could be done to benefit them,
j! thus expresses himself:
H * In the placet everybody who has had any yrattic&l
