2800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8.
experience of the working of the plantations or of the super-
intendence'of negro labor will tell you that the control of
the abandoned ■plantations and the care of the colored people
must he inthc same hands."
You will not fail to observe how positive this
expert speaks. According to him all who have
had " practical experience" insist that the care
of the freedmen and of the plantation should be
ts in the same hands;" and so important does he
regard this point that he names it first of all—
" in the first place."
But Colonel McICaye is not alone. Here is a
letter from Hon. Robert Dale Owen, chairman of
the Commission on Freedmen, appointed by the
Secretary of War, which testifies as follows:
f< It will never (lo to have Treasury agents who lease the
lands to white men and War Department agents who assign
the same lands to colored people. Nothing but confusion
and conflict of authority can result. It will not work at
all. But even if it would, why employ two s,ets of agents
to do what one set can do much better? And who Is to in-
spect the leased plantations and see to it that neither em-
ployers nor employed are wronged? The men who gave
the leased But they are Treasury agents, and have nothing
to do with freedmen. Or the freedmenN commissioners ?
But what authority can they have over men who do not
hold their leases from them? The men who have the care
oj the laborer ought to have the leasing of the land and the
inspection of the leases; and they should be authorized to
lease equally to white and to colored people."
Such a statement is an argument.
This conclusion has the support also of Gen-
eral Banks, in a letter addressed to one of the
Freedmen'a Commission. Here are his words:
" The assignment of the abandoned or forfeited planta-
tions to one Department of the Government, and the pro-
tection and support of the emancipated people to another,
w a fundamental error productive of incalculable evils, and
cannot be too soon or too thoroughly correct."
The able and elaborate report from the Freed-
men's Commission, just published, considers tin's
question carefully. Nothing could be more ex-
plicit than the following testimony:
" But in the judgment of the commission the most se-
rious error in connection with the ptescnt arrangements
for the care and proiccuon ot these people arises oht of the
assignment to a different agency of the car? and disposalof
the abandoned plantations. To enter into the detail of all
the evils and abuses that have ausen out ol this error, and
which arn unavoidable m> long uh it continues to exn-t,
would occupy too great a space in this report. Suffice it
to £>ay that uis the source ol the greatest confusion, and a
perpetual collision between the different local authorities,
in which not only the emancipated population, hut the Gov-
ernment itself, suffers the moa serious injuries and losses."
"And this is the purpoit of all the testimony which the
commission has been able to obtain, not in the department
of the Gulfonly, but everywhere in relation to this matter.
" The unhesitating judgment of every person, official or
other, not interested in the opportunities it affords for pec-
ulation, with whom we have consulted, coincides with
that of General Bunks. All without exception declare that
no system can avail to effort fhegiont objects contemplated
that does not as.sign to one and the same authority the care
and disposal of the abandoned plantations, and the care and-
protection of the emancipated laborers who are to culti-
vate them.
" Jlnd after the most thorough investigations lam author-
izedin laying that this is the deliberate judgment of the Com-
mission/'
It was on thisgroundof reason,and yielding*to
the influence of such authoritative opinions, that
the committee were led to believe that there was
no alternative on this practical question.
in the course of then* inqnmcs the committee
sought the opinions of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. With the heavy burdens of his Department
resting on his shoulders, he does not desire any
additional labor, but he does notconceal his con-
viction that the care of the freedmen must for the
present be associated with the care of the lands.
He would be glad to be relieved of all the responsi-
bilities connected with the subject; but he hopes
that it will not be divided between two different
Departments. In thateventitis feared that there
will be little good from either.
I have dwelt with some minuteness on this
question, because it seems to be the practical
point on which there may be a difference of
opinion. Already gentlemen have taken sides,and
newspapers also. I legrel this difference; but I
trust that a calm and dispassionate consideration
of the subject will render it innocuous. The first
thought of all should be the cause.
There is another question which ought not to
be passed over in silence, arising out of the desire
to protect the freedmen from any system of serf-
dom ore'nforced apprenticeship, it is well known
that among the former slave-masters there are
many who continue to count upon appropriating
the labor of their slaves, if not under the name of
slavery ,a t least under some other system by which
the freedmen shall be effectually bound to service.
This very phrase " bound to service," standing
alone, is the pleonastic definition of slavery
itself. One of these slave-masters in a public
speech said, "There is really no difference, in
my opinion, whether we hold them as absolute
slavesor obtain their laborby some other method.
Of course we prefer the old method, but that
question is not now before us." Such barefaced
avowals were not needed to put humane men on
their guard against the conspiracy to continue
slavery under another name.
The bill now before the Senate provides against
any such possibility by requiring, first, that the
assistant commissioners and local superintend-
ents shall not only aid the freedmen in the ad-
justment of their wages, but that they shall take
care that the freedmen do not suffer from ill-treat-
ment or any failure of contract on the part of
others; and secondly, that the contracts for service
shall be limited to a year. The latter provision
is so important that 1 give it precisely:
"Provided, That no freedmen shall be held to service on
any estate above mentioned otherwise than according to
voluntary contract, reduced to writing, and certified by the
assistant commissioner or local superintendent; nor shall
any such contiact be for a longer period than twelve
months."
Here is a safeguard against serfdom or enforced
apprenticeship which seemed to your committee
of especial value. In this respect the House bill
was thought to be fatally defective, inasmuch as
it interposed no positive safeguards.
I do not know how extensive the desire may
<be to set slavery again on its feet under another
name. But when we take into consideration the
selfish tendencies of the world, the disposition of
the strong to appropriate the labor of the weak,
and the reluctance of slave-masters to renounce
their habitual power, I have felt that Congress
would not do its duty on this occasion if it did
not by special provision guard against any such
outrage. There must be no slavery under an-
other alias. This terrible wrong must not be al-
lowed to skulk in serfdom or compulsory labor.
"Once free, always free:" such is the maxim of
justice and of jurisprudence. But any system by
which the freedmen may be annexed to the soil,
adscripti glebcc, will be in direct conflict with their
newly acquired rights. They can be properly
bound only by contract; and considering how
easily they may be induced to enter into engage-
ments ignorantly or heedlessly,and thus become
the legal victims of designing men, it is evident
that no precautions m their behalf can be too
great.
It is well known that in some of the British
West Indies an attempt was made, at the period
of emancipation, to establish a system of appren-
ticeship which should be an intermediate condi-
tion between slavery and freedom. But the ex-
periment failed. In some of the islands it was
abandoned by theplanters themselves, who fiank-
ly accepted emancipation outright. And in all it
finally fell, blasted by the eloquence of Brougham.
Here is a passage from one of his speeches:
vi They who always dreaded emancipation, who were
nlaimed at the piosjcct of uegio indolence, who stood
agbnbt at the vision of negro rebellion should the chains
cease to tattle, or the lash to resound through the air, gath-
ering no wisdom from the p:wt, still persist in affrighting
themselves and scaling jou with imaginary apprehensions
from th« tranMtion to entire ireedom out ot the present in-
termediate j-tate. But that intermediate state is the very
source of all their real danger; and 1 du-guise not its mag-
nitude from myself. You have gone too lar if you stop
here and go noturther; you arc in imminent hazard if, hav-
ing loosened the fetters, you do not strike them oj}; ii, leav-
ing them ineffectual lo retrain, you let them remain to gall
and to innate andtogoad. Bevvaie ofthatstate yet more
unnatural than sdaveiy itself, liberty bestowed hy halves."—
Third Set ics HansardPat Uamentury Debates, volume 40,
p. 131-2.
" I have demonstrated to you that everything is oidered,
every previous step taken, all safe, by experience shown
to be sai'e for the Jong-defied consummation. The time
lias coine, the trial has been made, the hour is striking;
you have no longer a pretext for hesitation or faltering or
delay. The slave has .shown by four years' blameless be-
havior and devotion to the pursuits of peaceful industry
that he is as lit for ins freedom as any English peasant, ay,
or anj loid whom 1 now address. I demand his rights ; I
demand his liberty without stint; in the name of justice
and of law, in the name of leason, in the name of God, who
has given >011 no right to work injustice."—Ibid., p. 1314.
But surely there is no need of eloquence or per-
suasion to induce you to set your faces like flint
againstany such half-way system. Freedom that
has been declared must be secured completely, so
that it may not fail through any pretension or
fraud of wicked men. The least that can be dona
is what is proposed by your committee.
Much more might be said on the whole sub-
ject; but I forbear. I have opened to considera-
tion the two principal questions. If the Senate
agree with the committee, first, on the importance
of keeping the superintendence of the freedmen
and of the lands in the same hands, so as to avoid
local conflict and discord, and, secondly, in the
importance of providing surely against any sys-
tem of serfdom or adscription to the soil, the bill
of the committee must be adopted.
For the sake of plainness, I ask your attention
to the main features of this bill, under the follow-
ing heads:
1. It provides exclusively for freedmen, mean-
ing thereby " such persons as were once slaves,"
without undertaking to embrace persons gener-
ally of African descent.
2. It seeks to secure to such freedmen the op-
portunity of labor on those lands which are nat-
ural and congenial to them, and on this account
it places the superintendence of the freedmen in
the Department which has the superintendence
of the lands.
3. It provides positively against any system of
enforced labor or apprenticeship, by requiring con-
tracts between the freedmen and their employers
to be carefully attested before the local officers.
4. It establishes a careful machinery for the
purposes of the bill, both as regards the freedmen
and as regards the lands.
But the bill may be seen not only in what it
'does, but also in what it avoids doing. It does
not undertake too much. It does not assume to
provide ways and means for the support of the
freedmen; but it does look to securing them the
opportunities of labor according ±0 well-guarded
contracts, and under the friendly advice of agents
of the Government, who shall take care that they
aie protected against abuse of all kinds. It js the
declared duty of these agents "to protect these
persons in the enjoyment of their rights, to pro-
mote their welfare, and to secure to them and
their posterity the blessings of liberty." Under
these comprehensive words all that is proper and
constitutional will be authorized for their wel-
fare and security, while liberty and labor will be
made to go hand in hand. Thus far in the sad
history of this people Labor has been compelled
by Slavery. But the case at last will be reversed.
It will be Liberty that will conduct the freedman
to the fields, protect him in his toil, and secure to
him all its fruits.
In closing what I have to say on this subject,
allow me to read the official testimony of the Com-
mission on Freedmen, appointed by the Secretary
of War, in their recent report on this subject:
" We need a fieedmcn's bureau, not because these peo-
ple are negroes, but because they arc men who have been
for generations despoiled of their rights. The commission
ban heretofore, to wit, in a supplemental report made to
you in December last, recommended, to effect the above
objects, the establishment of such a bureau; and ihey be-
lieve that all that is essential to its piopcr organization is
contained, substantially, in a bill to thateffect, reported on
April 12, from the Senate committee on slavery and freed-
men."
This is the bill which is now under considera-
tion.
It will be for the Senate to determine, under the
circumstances, what it will do. My earnest hope
is that it will do something. The opportunity
must not be lost of helping so many persons who
are now helpless, and of aiding the cause of rec-
onciliation, without which peace cannot be as-
sured. In this spirit I leave the whole subject to
the good judgment of the Senate. If anything
better than the work of the committee can be
found I hope that it will bu adopted; but mean-
while I ask you to accept that which is now
offered.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will allow
me to perfect the bill. There are a few amend-
ments that I wish to make.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. In section one, line five, af-
ter the word "have" I move to strike out the
words " become free since the beginning of the
present war," and to insert instead "once been
slaves;" so that it will read:
That an office ia hereby created in the Treasury Depart-
