1S24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22.
There was no objection ami it was agreed to
accordingly.
The Cterkread, as follows:
On glue, and cement made wholly or in part of gloe, to
be sold in the liquid state, a duty ot forty cents per gallon.
Mr. KALBFLE1SCH. I move to strike oat
" forty" anil insert" ten."
- Tlie ttmemlment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On screws, commonly called wood screws, a duty of
five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. 3. C. ALLEN. I move to strike out
" five" and insert " ten." It is perhaps known
to the committee that all the wood-screw manu-
factories have been absorbed in one great com-
pany, which has the complete monopoly in the
United States for supplyiag this articlc. There
can be.no competition with them, as the tariff is
so high upon the importation of wood screws as
practically to amount to a prohibition. These
wood screws that used to sell for fifty to sixty cents
agrosS^iowcost $1 50 to $1 60agross. 1 his in-
crease is-simply because that one company lias the
monopoly of the manufacture. I think that this
tux of five per cent, ad valorem is too low; and I
have therefore moved to make it ten. I hope the
committee will see the necessity of adopting the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert, " run gold
foil, two dollars per ounce troy weight."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Glerk read, as follows:
On bill-heads, printed, printed carda and printed circulars,
a duty of five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. GAHSON. I move to insert after the word
" printed," where it occurs the second time, the
■words " and playing."
Mr. MORRILL. A much higher duty is im-
posed further on in the bill.
Mr. GANSON. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Cleric read, :as follows;
On all printed books, magazines, pamphlets, reviews, and
all other similar printed publications, except newspapers,
a duty of five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out "five" and
insert " three."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On ttie liulls, as launched, uf all ships, barks, brigs,
schooners, sloops, sail-boats, steamboats, canai-boats, and
all other vessels or water crai't, (not Including engines or
rlggmg,} hereafter built, made, or constructed, a duty of
two per cent, ad -valorem.
Mr. MARC Y. I move to strike that paragraph
out. I hope my motion wilt prevail, as this tax
ought not to pass. You tax everything that en-
ters into ship-building. You tax iron, copper,
and every other thing, and now you propose to
lax the ship when it is launched. I do not think
that is fair.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as.follows:
On marble, gravestones, and other monumental stones,
with or without inscriptions, five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr-J. C. ALLEN. I do not propose to tax
the dead, and therefore move to strike that out.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend the clause by
striking out the word " gravestones," so thatthe
clause will read " on marble and other monu-
mental stones," &c. The object is to relieve
the ordinary marbles coming under the denom-
ination of gravestones, and leave the tax upon
monumental marbles, which are used in the struc-
ture of ornamental monuments and in the orna-
mentation ofmarble buildings. 1 think thatamend-
ment will accomplish the object desired by the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. MALLORY. I suggest that the gentleman t
move to strike out the words "gravestones, and i
other," so that it will read " on marble, monu-,
mental stones," &c. That will make the matter j
right. i
Mr. MORRILL. The suggestion which has j
been made, and, I believe, accepted by the gen- \
tleman from Iowa, lakes back with one hand what i
is given by the other. Either the whole should
be struck out or nothing. 1 know of no reason
why these men who make these things, and who
go as joe-ularly about their business as any other
class of men, should not be taxed as well a® all
other professions. I trust it will not be modified
at all.
Mr. GANSON. That will have the effect of
sending the assessors all through our graveyards
to tax gravestones standing over the graves.
Mr. MORRILL. We do not propose to tax
gravestones on hand. [Laughter.]
Mr. KASSON. I will accept a suggestion
of a gentleman from Massachusetts,.and modify
my amendment so as to strike out the words
"marble, gravestones, and other," so that it will
read " on monumental stones," &c.
Mr. NELSON. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by adding after the word " stones" the
words " not exceeding fifty dollars in value."
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by leaving in the word " marble" and the
words "and other," and striking out only the
word " gravestones;" so that the clause will read,
" on marble and oilier monumental stones," &c.
The amendment to the amendmentwasagreed to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. SLOAN. 1 move to amend by inserting
after the word " gravestones" the words "cost-
ing over forty dollars."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to amend, on page
124, line two hundred and twenty-eight, by strik-
ing out " six" and inserting " three," so that the
tax on salt shall be only three cents per bushel.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move toamend in line two
hundred and thirty-three by striking out the word
" named" and inserting after the word "articles"
the werds " are made;"a mere verbal amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause was read:
On nrllticial mineral waters, soda waters, sarsnparilla
water, and all other beverages ummI lor like purposes, sold
in buttles, or from fountains, or otherwise, and not other-
wise provided for, a duty of ten per cent. «'/ valorem.
Mr. FENTON. I move to amend the same
by striking out " ten" and inserting " five."
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Fenton, and
Mr. Steele of New Jersey, were appointed.
The committee divided; arid the tellers reported
—ayes 65, noes 31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to suggest a verbal
amendment in line two hundred and forty-two,
by striking out the word "quart" and inserting
" pint," so that the clause will read:
On mineral or medicinal waters, or waters from springi
impregnated With minerals, a duty of one half cent lor
each bottle containing not more than one pint.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I move to add at the end of
line two hundred and forty-five, which has refer-
ence to the same subject, the words "one cent,"
so that the clause will read:
When containing more than one pint and not more than
one quart, one cent; when containing more than one
quart, for each additional quart oi fractional part thereof,
one cent.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to strike out
"one" and insert " two" in the clause "on pig
iron, a duty of one dollar per ton."
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman will yield
to me I will move that the committee rise, so that
we may adjourn and enter upon this newsubject
of discussion fresh in the morning.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I will yield.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Pig iron is now worth
from seventy to eighty dollars a ton,and while we
are placing heavy duties on everything else, it is
only proposed to place a tax of one dollar a ton
on this article. That is out of all proportion to
the other taxes in this bill. Not only is thatthe
case with reference to the tax which is placed
upon pig iron, but it is so in reference to every
other description of iron which range in prices
i from sixty-five to two hundred and fifty dollars
j a ton. The.highest tax which is proposed to be
I placed upon iron is three dollars a ton. It is an
i Rrtiele which will bear a heavy tax for revenue
purposes, and we ought to apply the same rule
to it that we do to other articles.
Now,the argument prged in favorof alowtax
upon iron is that it enters into many other branches
of manufacture, and thus pays additional duties.
That is all true enough; but yet, sir, it is not
right to tax other articles of necessity so heav-
ily, and leave the article of iron out. The fact
that it enters into other manufactures is no rea-
son why the producers should not pay their fair
proportion of taxation on the article. A tax of
a little over one per cent, is not a fair tax when
compared with the tax upon other productions.
What I say in reference to the tax on pigiron
would apply also to the tax on bar iron. It is
unjust to all the other great interests of this coun-
try to make this discrimination in favor of an
article from which revenue might be and ought
to be raised. I therefore hope that my amend-
ment will be concurred in.
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 hope the amendment
will not be adopted. The manufacturers of pig
iron and bar iron, and of all sorts of iron, are per-
fectly willing to pay their full proportion of the
taxes necessary to carry on the Government.
They ask no exemption, butthey wantan assur-
ance, if the tax is increased largely upon them,
that the tariff shall be increased so as to protect
them. If you will give them sufficient protection,
if you will adopt the doctrine of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Stebbins.] and put your
tariff up so as to prohibit the introduction of arti-
cles which we can manufacture at home, then they
will pay any reasonable tax you can put on them.
But as we have not yet got to the tariff bill, I hope
the tax will not be increased.
It was agreed at the time the last tax bill was
passed that pig iron, being the raw material,
should not be taxed. The Committee of Ways
and Means propose by this bill to tax it one dol-
lar. To that I shall not object. They then pro-
pose to tax bloom iron §1 50 and bar iron three
dollars, which, when added together, make six
cents per pound on bar iron. Then 1 find on
looking at the schedule for taxing steel that they
go as high as $12 50 per ton, making a tax of
$18 50 on steel.
Sir, if this tax is put on, it is perfectly evident
that these manufacturers cannot proceed unless
you increase the duty upon the foreign article. 1
hope, therefore, that until we have assurances as
to what will be done in regard to the tariff the tax
will not be increased. Raise the tariff on iron,
and I will not object to an increase of.tax. But
as the tariff bill will not be acted on until after
this tax bill is disposed of, I will look with great
confidence to the gentlemen now so anxious for
an increase of tax upon the domestic article, for
their votes in favor of a large increase of duty
upon the foreign product, so that our own labor
may be protected against the ruinous competition
of foreign labor. If this is done our own citizens
will be able to pay the taxes necessary to sustain
the Treasury in crushing out this infamous re-
bellion.
I stated the willingness of my constituents to
be taxed, in proof of which I give the following
letter, just received from some of the largest
iroft manufacturers in Pennsylvania:
Pittsburg, Jlprxl 19, 1864.
Dear Sir: In the levised internal tax bill, we see that
the tax on all descriptions of iron manufactured inourqity
is doubled, and that it is proposed to put a mix ol onedollar
per ton on pig iron, which in the cud ('alls on the manufac-
turer of merchant bar, rod, plate, hoop, and bheet non, the
same as does eveiy advance in laboi and all materials en-
tering into finished iron. When the iron interest*- of this
city wete r^pie^ented before the Committee of Ways and
Means, they then vtated that the price for manuiactured
iron would be giea'ly increased : 1. ] y the withdtawal of
labor from its imtuial channels; a huge amount of llie best
and most skilled would enter the Ainiy. making it scarce
at home, consequently increasing the cost oi the same. 2.
As gold advanced, every auiele u^ed.in our business would
increase in eo&t. Those thing* we have lealized. ;;nd feel
the effects more keenly than we expecfd when we made
the representations to the committee. To-day there is not
a maker of iron in our city or vicinity who can calculate
with any degree of certainty the co«.t of his products one
week ahead The trade have as a matter oi course been
compelled from time to time to advance the pi ices to keep
pace with the i net easing cost of everything, at the same tiino
weie obliged to make the pncescompaiatively low in order
that consumption should not he diminished, and the trade
for out home pioducts might be retained. The net puces
ot our manufactures are not such ass will give a margin for
profit with the additional taxes ptoposed to be added to the
cost of manufacture; and to ina ease the prices wiU allots
the manufacturer offoi eign iron io take our markets* We
ftwi that an luereasfl Of taxes i^.n Si> wkteto
