THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
upon these same stale and discredited statements'before the
country upon the memorial of members of the Missouri Le-
gislatureaud four membersofthis House, under the pretense
of asking that General Schofield should not be confirmed,
aiid that, -too, after an agreement was had with the Presi-
dent that no oppositionshould be made to SehofieJd's con-
firmation, but that he should be on his own request relieved
from the commandin Missouri.
; "The President, I presume, in his desire for peace
among those who professed to be loyal) was wilting to
make this concessionbut after accepting the concession,
the^e'p&rtids flew from their agreement, under the dicta-
tion of bolder and more open enemies of the President and
iiis Administration, who wouid not permit the opportunity
for assailing him to pass. To show the spirit which ani-
mated this assault upon the Presid(mt by his professed
friends, I will read to the House a few brief extracts from
the leading radical papers of Missouri.
" The Westliche Post, the most influential German pa-
per in Missouri, says :t
' It is scarcely necessary to repeat—apart from this se-
rious and general danger winch the reelection of Lincoln
threatens us—all his special sins ad nauseam. We have at
present nothing to do but to declare herewith, once for all,
that we, supported by honest conviction of all friends of
freedom in our State, cannot suppoitMr. Lincoln's rejec-
tion under any circumstances whatever.'
" The Missourian, n radical puper printed at Springfield,
snuffing the danger of Lincoln's nomination, says:
"'Theearnestradicalsof the Union will never be bound
by the proceedings of any but a radical national conven-
tion, and such convention will be called at an early day,
in spite of all the obsolete Republican conventions that can
be gathered together.'
"The Missouri Democrat, a paper bought up by Fremont
with public patronage, and which went heartily into his
scheme for a western dictatorship, whines over the recent
.defeat of the radicals in Missouri, and says it was accom-
plished by three administrations oumbhied—one at Wash-
ington, one at Richmond, and one at Jefferson Uitv.'
"It was the spirit which animates these extracts, and
which broke out in fury when it was nunored in MiShOUii
that all opposition to the confmnation of Sehofield was to
be withdrawn, and he relieved from the command at his
request, that drove these gentlemen from their agieement,
mid produced the extraordinary spectacle at the other end
of the Capitol.
" 1 shoo Id have had more respect for those engaged in it if
the assault on the President had been clmractenzed by the
same bold and open sptritas that which compelled it. I
trust that the friends of Mr. Lincoln's Adminibtiatiou will
liereaftc! be able to appieeiate the assumptions of those
who claim to bo the only representatives of the Union men
of Missouri, in derogation of the character of others who
have sustained the policy of the Government from the be-
ginning up to tins hour."
Now, sir, before discussing this extract from
the gentleman's speech 1 intend to dispose of this
resolution, as another occasion may never offer.
I first desire to call attention to the extraordinary
spectacle of a gentleman claiming to be a patriot,
a soldier, and a statesman, after a futile attempt
in Missouri to degrade one of the purest men in
this country, anil one of the highest officers in a
Government which he professes to love, dragging
Jiis malice after liirn in these Halls, and again en-
deavoring to cast a stain upon a record which is
engraved in the hearts of a grateful people, and at
the same time making slanderous charges ngamst
the friends of this Government and ihe friends of
human liberty. And worse than cither, while
thus prating about suspicions, not even dreamed
of by those who have faithfully devoted them-
selves to this Government from the commence-
ment of the present session, lie is found in the
midst of his self-righteousness invoking the aid
of and acting witli the opposition members of this
House. The men whom he has abused for years
he now takes to his bosom; arid with them he is
at times arrayed against almost eveiy acknowl-
edged supporter of this Government. Every
member of this House understands the injustice
which can be practiced and the unkind influence
"which would be used by my colleague against the
Secretaiy of the Treasury, were he placed at the
head of a committee of investigation. Not that
any friend of the Administration is opposed to
the investigation; not at all; let itbe as full as our
mostardent enemy could desire, but let it also be
fair; and this can easily be effected by referring
the matter to an appropriate committee.
But I can fancy the feelings of my colleague
just at this moment. He is congratulating him- t
self that he has succeeded, and that I am enter- j
ing upon the defense of a presidential aspirant, i
But this gentleman is greatly mistaken. The I
humblest man that serves this country in this its I
hour of peril is entitled to the friendship of every
true patriot. 1 have never yet, thank God, failed '
to defend such a man. It is for the unselfish la- !
borer, the faithful officer who presides over the
vast machinery that almost runs this Govern-
ment, that my feeble voice is raised, and I do not
envy that man, be he high or low, who can find !
it in his heart to be unjust or ungenerous, espe- |
cially in times like these, toward those upon whom
a people confidently lelies for the nation's honor
and the nation's salvation.
The abuse of Mr. Chase, originating with my
colleague and his colaborers;kept up incessantly
in his St. Louis organ, and wrongfully attributed
in many instances to the merchants of St. Louis,
is based throughout the country upon wrongs
charged by'my colleague and his politico-trading
friends to have been committed by the Secretary
in-restricting the trade of the Mississippi valley.
To show the gross injustice already done, as is
thought for political cfiect, and the greater mis-
chief intended, 1 will as briefly and rapidly as
possible allude.to mattersin connection with these
trade regulations. With a familiarity growing out
of constant examinations into the regulations,
earnest conversations with the President and the
Secretaiies, and a most ardent desire to assist in
relieving the trade of the Mississippi valley, I
have looked forward to relief whenever those high
interests of our Government, tending to its suc-
cess in suppressing the rebellion and maintaining
a just consideration for its loyal people, would
allow.
At the outbreak of the rebellion the regulation
of trade or prevention of supplies to the insurgents
was necessarily left with the military authorities,
aided when practicable by the revenue officers and
special agents of the Treasury Department.
A law of Congress, approved July 13, 1861,
authorized the President to declare by proclama-
tion States and parts of States where unlawful
combinations existed, &c., in insurrection, and
thereafter nil commercial intercourse between in-
habitants of such Slates and parts of States and
citizens of the rest of the United States was pro-
hibited, except as it might be licensed by the Pres-
ident to be carried on only in pursuance of rules
and regulations prescribed bv the Secretary of the
Tieasury.
August 16, 1861, the President proclaimed cer-
tain States and paits of States in insurrection.
Collectors and surveyors of customs at points
having trade with insurrectionary districts were
instructed, and a special agency of the Treasury
Department was created, to supervise trade and
prevent supplies to insurgents.
May 20,1862, additional powers were conferred
on the Secietary of the Treasury in relation to
this matter by a supplementary act of Congress.
Special instructions prescribing rules and regula-
tions were, from time to time, issued to proper of-
ficers and agents as transactions arose requiring
them, until August 28, 1862, when a code of reg-
ulations was issued. Cases of haidship on one
side and of illegal trade on the other, not provided
for, were constantly arising, and a code of regu-
lations embracing new premises was piovtded and
published March 31, lb'63.
On the 11th September, 18G3, a more full and
complete code of regulations, with all the laws
and proclamations on the subject, with the orders
ot the War and Navy Departments approving
them, and with the license of the President and
his approvals and proclamations, were published,
under which commercial intercourse is now car-
ried on.
This information is within the reach of every
intelligent man lit the country. It can be seen
from the contents, almost at a glance, that the re-
sponsibility rests on the President, and the Secre-
taries of the Treasury, War, and Navy; and the
statesman or general who undertakes to saddle it all
upon any one of theseofficials, is willfully ignorant
or willfully unjust; yet notwithstanding all of this,
the* acknowledged oigan of my colleague has for
months abounded in the vilest misrepresentations
and abuse of the Secretary on account of his, as
they asset t, restrictions on trade, and since my
colleague's last effott opens its batteries with an
increased disregaid of the truth, a recent editorial
that has been brought to my attention being an
improvement on others in point of decency, 1 pio-
poso to read it. It is from the St. Louis Daily
union of the 5th instant:
"A ISo.mb-siiell is the Chase Camp Geneial Blair's
resolution of inquiry into the unnamablc and inconceiv-
able abominations of the tiado regulations, has fallen like
a live moi tar-shell in the camp of Mr. Chase's tuend«. One
would pie-mne that they would he glad of an investigation
and of the opportunity it offered of vindicating their ^mon-
arch-minded' elite I from the giave suspicions w bich the no-
torious villainies conducted under these trade regulations
have brought upon hnn. But not so. The virtuous friends
of the Secietaiy do&ire anything but an investigation. They
never dreamed of such a thing. They can bear any amount
of suspicion, any amount of accusation, any amount of the
gravest charges; but an investigation they pray to be de-
livered fiom."
This but feebly portrays the bitterness of the
hired demagogues who daily utter their slanders
through the columns of a paper owned, as is
claimed, by an association of forty gentlemen.
Let me state a few simple facts. Trade was pro-
hibited by Congress, and not by the Secretary of
the Treasury. He has always favored the most
liberal trade compatible with prevention of sup-
plies to the rebels; he believed that as we sup-
pressed the insurrection and restored the author-
ity of the Government over territory, that trade
should be restored to its usual channels as nearly
as practicable. At an early day he adopted the
motto, "Let commerce follow the flag." I ask
that this letter to the special agent containing this
motto may be read, and beg you to observe that
it is dated as early as May, 1861^*and is a key to
the entire action of the honorable Secretary.
The Clerk read, as follows :
Treasury Department, May 29, 1661.
Mv Dear Mr. Meli.en : 1 am much obliged to you for
yours ot the 2oth instant. The topics winch you mention
have been subjects of much and somewhat painful reflec-
tion with me. [ have little doubt that the exchange of pro-
visions and supplies, except munitions of war, and other
aitieies usually prohibited,'would be moie useful than m-
jutious. The difficulty,however,is tins. The States con-
trolled by insunectionists, especially by insuricctionots
exerciMngthe poweis ot government, can hatdly be regard-
ed othet wise than as hostile communities with which the
United States arc for the lime being at actual war. The
rules applicable to the relations ot war must be applied.
If war exited between this country and England no trade
whatever would bepeimitted. American property shipped
to England and English ptoperty shipped to the United
States would be liable to seizure. So constant experience
teaches u  that propeity shipped to the insurrectionary
States i- liable to seizure, and actually seized; and it the
property of citizens in those State*, shipped to the United
States, is not seized, it is simply because the Federal Gov-
ernment desnes to ueat thein as far as practicable not as
enemies but as citizens. X see noway in which sale in-
let course can be established between citizens of the Joyal
States and those under insurrectionary conttol. The ques-
tion is not one of revenue, noi one of lights in a state of
peace, but a question of supplies to enemies, and is con-
trolled by considerations belonging to a state of war.
The best thing to be done, it seems to me, is to establish
the povveroftheGovernment, in cooperation with the peo-
ple of Kentucky and Western Virginia, within tho^e lim-
its, and to let commcrcc follow fhejlas:. This policy opens
Missouri, Kentucky, and Western Virginia to trade, and
will extend southward as rapidly and as far as the authoi-
ity of the Federal Government can be restored.
Continue your conversations with lefleeting men, and
let me know the result.
Yours, &c., s. P. CTIASE,
Secrctaiy of the Treasury.
W. P. Mellen, Esq., Special dlgcnt, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Mr. LLOW. The regulations from time to time
prescribed demonstrate his purpose to conform to
this motto. Each successive code was more lib-
eral in its provisions, and conceded more to the
wants of the people than the one preceding it.
I do not believe that Secretary Chase has ever
been over-confident that any great public good
was being accomplished by the licenses of the
President and* the action of the Secretaries; but
the law imposed the duty of presenting regula-
tions, and he had no alternative but to dischaige
official obligation, and he aimed to do it intelli-
gently and with fidelity. Commercialinteicoursc
was absolutely prohibited, except us licensed by
the Presidentand regulated by the Secretary, and
to his labors and exertions and regulations,sanc-
tioned by the Piesident and by other Departments
of the Government, insurrectionary districts, and
my colleague's complaining fuends, who have
coined millions with their murmurs and slanders,
are indebted for whatever privilege of trade, and
even the supply of the necessaries of living, they
enjoy in the States south of Cairo. We all know 
history proves it—that the prevention of unlawful
traffic in time of war by civil agency is very diffi-
cult, if not impracticable. The military power is
the primary agency in subduing this rebellion,
and whenever a military force is present military
orders are necessarily paramount.
Men with guns in their hands insure a respect
and fear greater than can be inspired by men with
civil commissions in their pockets. I am confi-
dent there has been no time when tfie Secretary
of the Treasury has not desired to be relieved
from all supervision over tin's trade, and experi-
ence has satisfied him, as well as others, that with
military aid and cooperation alone can these reg-
ulations be made more effectual than any other
