198
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 25,
38th 'Coir&.... 1st Sees.
Laws of the United States.
full and distinct description of the land and prem-
ises and the valuation or damages assessed there-
for,'tyhich shall be signed by them, or a majority
of them, and having been attested by the marshal,
•hall be immediately returned to the cleric of the
levy court of the county of Washington, District
of Columbia,' arid.shall befinal; and thesaid dam-
ages having been paid, or offered to be paid, to
the said proprietors, the title to such land shall
pass td, and be vested iri, The Board of Com-
missioners'.of'Primary Sch'ools of Washington
County, District of Columbia, and the verdict
of the jury shall be recorded in the land records
of Washington county, District of Columbia:
Provided, That it shall be optional with the said
commissioners to abide by said verdict, and oc-
cupy the said land, or abandon it without being
subject to damages therefor.
Sfec. 14. An d be it further enacted, That it shall
not be lawful to locate any site for a school house
in anj orchard or garden, nor Within three hun-
dred- yards of any dwelling house, without the
consent-of the proprietor of Buch dwelling house,
and in order to obtain such consent or refusal,
thirty days' notice shall be given to said propri-
etor by the said commissioners, notifying such
proprietor of their intention; and if, within thirty
days, no answer is returned to said commission-
ers by said proprietor, it shall be taken for con-
sent, and the said commissioners may proceed to
erect theirschool house vvithoutletor hmderance.
Sec.- 15. And be it further enacted, That if the
treasurer or collcctor, having:any school funds in
his haiids, or neglecting or refusing to obtain such
funds'ns by law authorized and directed, shall re-
fuse to pay for two weeks any order ot the said
commissioners drawn in conformity with the re-
quisitions of this act, such treasurer or collector
shall be liable, on'proof before any court of justice
or justice of the peace having cognizance, and with-
out stay ofexeeution, to pay the full amount of said
oi'di r and interest thereon, at the rate of twenty
per centum per annum, from the first refusal until
the day of payment, by way of damages. If any
collector appointed or acting under the provisions
of this act shall in any case collect more than is
due, the person aggrieved shall have his remedy
against such collector by suit or wm'rant, and if
he recover he shall have judgment for double the
amount improperly mid unjustly extorted from
him, and costs. The levy court of Washington
county shall exercise a general supervision over
the-proceedings of said commissioners, may ex-
amine their books and papers, and shall prosecute
for any delinquencies or violations of their duty.
It shall not be lawful for ti member of the levy
court of said county to be u commissioner of
priimu-y schools or trustee of any of the school
districts, nor for any person to be at the same
time commissioner and trustee as aforesaid.
Sec. 16- And tie it further enacted, That any
white resident of said county shall be privileged
to place hia or her child or ward at any one of the
schools provided for the education of white chil-
dren m said county he or she may think proper
to select, with the consent of the trustees of both
districts; and any colored resident shall have the
same rights with respect to colored schools.
Sec. 17. And he it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the said commissioners to provide
suitable and convenient houses or rooms for
holding schools for colored children, to employ
and examine teachers therefor, and to appropri-
ate a proportion of the school funds, to be determ-
ined by the numbers of white and colored chil-
dren between the ages of six and seventeen years,
to the payment of teachers' wages, to the build-
ing or renting of school rooms, and other neces-
sary expenses pertaining to said schools, to exer-
cise a general supervision over.them, to establish
proper discipline, and to endeavor to promote a
thorough, equitable, and practical education of
colored children in said county. It shall be law-
ful for such commissioners to impose a tax of
not more than fifty cents per month for each child
on the parents or guardians of children attending
said schools, to be applied to the payment of ex-
penses of the school of which said child shyll he
an attendant; and in the exercise of this power
the commissioner may, from time to time, dis-
continue the payment altogether, or may gradu-
ate the tax according to the ability of the said
tax payers and the wants of the school: Provided,
That no child shall be excluded from iuch school
on account of the inability of the parei* or guard-
ian to pay said tax. And said commissioners
are authorized to receive any donations or con-
tributions that may be made for the benefit of
said schools by persons disposed to aid in the
elevation of the colored population in the District
of Columbia, and to apply the same in such
manner as in their opinion shall be best calculated
to effect the object of the donors, said commis-
sioners being required to account for all funds
received by them, and to report to the levy court
in accordance with the provisions of scction nine
of this act.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That the
first section of the act of Congress entitled "An
act providing for the education of colored children
in the cities of Washington and Georgetown,
District of Columbia, and for other purposes,"
be, and the same is hereby, repealed; and that
from and after the passage of this act it shall
be the duty of the municipal authorities of the
citiesof Washington and Georgetown,in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to set apart each year, from
the whole fund, received from all sources, by
such authorities, applicable, under existing pro-
visions of law, to purposes of public education,
such a proportionate part thereof as the number
of colored children, between the ages of six and
seventeen years, in the respective cities bear to
the whole number of children thereof, for the pur-
pose of establishing and sustainingpublicschools
in said cities for the education of colored children;
that the said proportion shall bo ascertained by
the last reported census of the population of said
cities made prior to said apportionment, and shall
be regulated at all times thereby; and that the
said fund shall be paid to the trustees appointed un-
der the act of Congress approved July eleven, eigh-
teen hundred and six ty-two, en titled "An act relat-
ing to schools for the education of colored children
in thecitiesof Washington and Georgetown,in the
District of Columbia," to be disbursed by them
in accordance with the provisions of the said act.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That one
fouitli part of all the moneys now in the hands
of the marshal of the District of Columbia, or
of any other officer of said District, which have
accrued from fines, penalties, and forfeitures im-
posed for the violations of the laws of the tinned
States within said District, shall be by such officer
or officers paid to the Board of Commissioners
of Piimary Schools ofWashington County, Dis-
trict of Columbia, one fourth part to the mayorof
the city of Georgetown, and the remaining two
fourths thereof to the mayor of the city of Wash-
ington, the said sums so paid to the said commis-
sioners and the said mayors to constitute in their
hands funds for the support of primary schools
within the said county and publicschools in said
cities ill the proportions aforesaid. And it shall
be the duty of said marshal and other officers to
pay over, every three months, from and after the
passage of this act, all money coming into their
hands m the manner aforesaid, to the said board
of commissioners of primary schools and to the
said mayors, in the proportions aforesaid, for the
use of the said primary and public schools, any
law to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided,
That the funds thus obtained for educational pur-
poses shall be applied to the education of both
white and colored children, in the proportion of
the numbers of each between the ages of six and
seventeen years as determined by the latest cen-
sus report that shall have been made prior to said
apportionment; and the mayors of the aforenamed
cities of Georgetown and Washington are hereby
authorized and instructed to pay over such part
thereof as may be applicable under the provisions
of this section and the proviso thereto to the ed-
ucation of colored children in the aforenamed
cities, to the trustees appointed under the act of
July eleventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
entitled "An act relating to schools for the edu-
cation of colored children in the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, in the District of Co-
lumbia," to be used for the education of colored
children according to the provisions of law, and
the afoiennmed officers failing to pay over the
moneys as aforesaid shall be liable to the penalty
imposed by the second scction of the act of Con-
gress approved July twelfth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, entitled "An act to provide for the
payment of fines and penalties collected by and
paid the justices of the peace in thfi District of
Columbia, under the acts of Congress approved
the third and fifth of August, eighteen hundred'
and sixty-one, and for other purposes."
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That every
person in the said District of Columbia, Imving
under his or her control a child between the ages
of eight and fourteen years, shall annually, duiing
the continuance of such control, send such child
to some public school in that partof said District
in which he or she shall at the time reside, at least
twelve weeks, six of which shall be consecutive,
and for every neglect of such duty the party of-
fending shall forfeit t.o the use of the school of
that portion of said District in which he or she
shall reside a sum not exceeding twenty dollars,
to be recovered before any justice of the peace of
the said District: Provided, That if it be made to
appear to said justice that the party so offending
was not able for any cause to send such child to
school, or that such child has been attending any
other schoolfor alike period of time, or thatsuch
child by reason of bodily or mental infirmity was
not fit to attend such school, such penalty shall
not be enforced.
Sec. 21: And be it further enacted, That the
trustees or commissioners havingcharge of public
schools in the said District shall not admit into
such schools any child who shall not have been
duly vaccinated or otherwise protected against
the small-pox; and may make such arrangements
for the purpose of ascertaining whether any chil-
dren within the ages prescribed in the preceding
section are not attending the public schools, as
they shall deem best for the purpose of enforcing
the attendance of such children upon said schools,
under the provisions of such section and for en-
forcing the penalty therein prescribed.
Sec. 22. And he it further enacted, That this
act be, and the same is hereby, declared public
and remedial, and shall be construed by all courts
of justice according to the equity thereof; and no
proceedings of the inhabitants or of the trustees
of any school district, or of the commissioners of
primary schools, or of any other officer created
under the provisions of this act, shall be set aside
or adjudged to be void for defrct of form, or for
any irregularity therein, so that the requisitions
of the said act are substantially complied with.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That the act
of Congress entitled " An act to provide for the
public instruction of youth in primary schools
throughout the county of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, without the limits of Wash-
ington, and Georgetown," except the first and
third sections, approved May twenty, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Approved, June 25, 1SG4.
Chap. CLVII.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
" An Act to define the Powers and Duties of the
Levy Court of the County of Washington,
District of Columbia."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the first clause of the third sec-
tion of the act of Congress entitled " An act to
define the powers and duties of the levy court of
the county of Washington, District of Columbia,
in regard to roads and for other purposes," be,
and the same is hereby, amended so as to read
as follows: "That the said court shall have the
care and charge of, and the exclusive jurisdiction
over, all the public roads and bridges in said
county, except such roads and bridges as belong
to and are under the care of the United States,
and except such roads and bridges as shall have
been or may hereafter be specially provided for
by Congress. And the said court shall have
power and it shall be their duty."
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, Thatthetenth
section of the said act be, and the same is hereby,
amended by striking out the words " thirty-first,"
and inserting the word "thirtieth."
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That all ceme-
teries in the District of Columbia, outside of the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, the own-
