2802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
had here about ft." Nothing was ever said about
it here. But, sir, when the rebels took Port Pil-
low, and destroyed the negroes garrisoning that
fort, you did not leave it to the military authority
to inquire into the subject, but you sent a special
committee in hot haste from here to inquire into
all the facts. In the first instance it was the white
man that was killed; you do not care about that,
nor does the President; in the other it was the
negro; you must send your committee to look
after it, and the President, in a stump speech at
Baltimore, tells the public that we must retaliate
upon the rebels for the massacre of his beloved
race at Fort Pillow; but is silent then, and at all
other times, about the whites who weremassacrcd
in North Carolina.
I might extend the instances and exhaust the
day  I have only alluded to these for the purpose
of calling the attention of the country to the fact
established by official records of the action of the
Executive and of both branches of Congress. The
negro must live and not toil. The white race
must toil and fight to free him, to feed and clothe
him. To consummate this is the aim and pur-
pose of Mr. Lincoln and his followers. He and
they have no ambition beyond this.
But, Mr. President, the Senator during the prog-
ress of his remarks congratulated the country
that the black soldiers had been placed on terms
of equality with the white, and we are told here
and elsewhere, day by day, that they are as good
soldiers as our white soldiers; that they are being
employed for the purpose of fighting our battles.
Sir, 1 deny it. It is not true in point of fact.
Will the Senator from Massachusetts tell me
where they, with a single exception, ht^pe borne
the stars and stripes of the country in the storm of
battle?
Mr. SUMNER. Which is the single excep-
tion?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Port Hudson. Do you
remember any other?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator forgets Fort
Wagner, where* Colonel Shaw, of the Massachu-
setts fifty-fourth, fell on the very heights of the
fort, and his dead body was covered by the dead
bodies of his colored soldiers.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am glad the Senator
has corrected me. I want to do full justice to
all men. The negro was not called into the ser-
vice to fight battles, but to do garrison duty.
The President of the United States, in his proc-
lamation of January 1, 1863, tells us what he is
going to do with the colored soldiers:
"And I dofuither d< clam and make known that such
persons of suitable condition will ho leccivcd into the
untied service of the United Statoa to garrison {'oils, posi
tlims, station;?, and oilier places, and to man vessels of all
sort* in bucii !^('rvieo.',
Where are your negro soldiers with the army
of the Potomac to-day? In the thirty days'fight-
ing that has taken pluce, such as no country has
ever seen upon the face of the earth, in what en-
gagement have they heon ? They are in the rear
gairisoning forts and positions that have been
taken by the valor of white men.
There are, I am told, over seventy thousand
negro troops in our Army. They are paid as
much, fed and clothed as well as the white sol-
diers, and in this respect the equals of the whites,
but in no other. Outside of forts they have fought
twice, at most. In all other engagements where
they have taken any part it has been inside of
fortifications taken by white men's valoror made
by white men's toil directed by white men's skill.
This talk about negroes fighting is a delusion
and a myth. The President, the Commander-
in-Chief of our Army and Navy, never intended
and does not now intend that they shall do any
other service in the Army except41 to garrison
forts, positions, and stations" which have been
won by white men.
Mr. President, the continuance in office of Mr.
Lincoln and his Cabinet would insure the success
oi measures which place the black race above the
white if meie laws passed by man could do so.
God has made the negro inferior, and such laws
cannotmake him equal. I have watched the prog-
reps of things for a good while. You did not pass
your bill here the other day to allow negroes to
?ote in this Disti ict. 1 was not astonished at the
argumentsthatweremade inoppositiontoit. You
were told thatelectioris wete coming on, and if you
conferred the right of suffrage upon the negroes in
this District you would not be able to carry some
of the States. That was the ground upon which
some Senators on the other side opposed it, the
ground of expediency, for the purpose of carrying
popular elections. We may infer from the argu-
ments which were made in opposition to that bill
that as soon as the presidential election is over the
right of suffrage will be conferred upon negroes
everywhere. The Senator from Massachusetts
will be able to carry his proposition next winter,
if the people can be deceived to reelect Lincoln.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope this summer.
Mr. RICHARDSON. You have no show in
the world this summer. If you could carry that
proposition now, you could not carry one of the
northwestern States this fall. These gentlemen
who arc hanging behind now, who are with the
rear guard, will be in the advance after awhile.
If you are successful they will be with you and
in the van. If we are successful they will lead us
I say, therefore, the American people need not be
deceived on this point unless they wish to be.
How is it, Mr. President, in regard to many of
the generals in the Army? The instances are rare
where a general agreeing with thePresidentof the
United States in his negro policies has been re-
tired from active service, and in no instance has
such a one been dismissed. As a general rule
where a general in the field has agreed and pro-
claimed that the negro was his equal in all respects,
and that the negro furnished and was the standard
of loyalty and patriotism, no matter what faults
or blunders he may have committed, no matter
what disasters may have befallen our arms byhis
stupidity and ignorance, no matter what fields
'have been lost that should have been won, he
has been sustained and promoted by the Presi-
dent. Take as instances Generals Banks, Butler,
Schenck, and Milroy on the one side; Generals^
Buell, Fitz John Porter, Andrew Porter, and'
Keyes on the other. Banks, Butler, Schenck, and
Milroy sung hosannus to the negro and lost fields;
Buell, the Porters, and Keyes did not rely upon
hallelujahs to the negro to beat the rebels; they
relied upon courage, strategy, and war. The first
class, except Schenck, command to-day; the sec-
ond are out of the Army.
General Banks lost battles in Virginia that a
general should have won; abandoned positions
thatcould have been advantageously held by com-
petent commanders. By his blunders and igno-
rance ho has lost the Southwest, supplies, camp
equipage,and munitions of war enough to enable
ICirby Smith to maintain himself this year's cam-
paign. He is still in command. He is sound on
the negro policies of the President. He can pro-
nounce the shibboleth, negro equality and loyalty,
exactly right.
General Buell, an accomplished officer bred to
arms, when, miles away from Pittsburg Landing
saw and knew that our forces there under Gen-
eral Grant would be assailed by superior forces,
hurried from Nashville to save Giant's gallant
army, and readied the battle only in time to save
the fortunes of the field and turn defeat into vic-
tory, as Dessaix saved Napoleon at the battle of
Marengo. He fought and won the battle of Per-
ry ville. lie lost no fields. He was not sound or
was tather suspected of being unsound on the
negro policies. He was retired from active com-
mand.
General Butler, at the outset of this war, in the
preliminary engagements was a piivate in the
ranks of Jeff. Davis. It is believed that his is
the only instance m the world's history where a
man commenced as a private on one side and rose
to the rank of general on the other without fight-
ing a single battle. Since his promotion he planned
the battle of Big Bethel; it did not result advan-
tageously to our arms. We have the authority
of Governor Pierpont for saying that he has been
more successful in getting silver fruit-baskets,
spoons, the contents of banks, stores, &c., than
he has been in winning fields. If one tenth that
is chaiged against him is ti ue he ought to bo shot
as a confirmed brigand, a highwayman. I sus-
pect the fact to be that half of his crimcs are con-
cealed. He is still in command; he has risen
upon the negro's credit. A short time ago it was
thought his days were numbered, itwas appa-
rent to everybody that fighting was to be done
that required both courage and skill. As Butler
possessed neither of these it was thought General
Smith would supersede huu Butler issued an
order that the negroes on the boats running be-
tween Baltimore and Fortress Monroe should eat
dinner at the same time and table as the whites.
He was retained in command, and General Smith
was placed under him. Butler was up to a few
things; he is in favor of the President's policies;
he can pronounce the shibboleth, negro superior-
ity, exactly.
General Fitz John Porter has won many ahard-
fought field. One of them has no parallel in his-
tory.
When General McClellan found he could get
no support from here in his campaign against
Richmond, not even thirty thousand men, though
there were over one hundred thousand here and
in the neighborhood, he commenced his retreat,
fighting and falling back, bringing off his com-
mand, his munitions of war, and all that pertained
to his army. The army reached Malvern Hill
with Fiiz John Porter in command of the rear.
The rebels, confident of victory, assailed him with
a force three to one. He repulsed them with
great slaughter, gaining over them as complete a
victory as has been won during the war.' Porter,
covering the retreat, displayed more ability and as
much courage as Ney, Napoleon's brave marshal.
If Porter's fame rested'on this battle alone it
would carry his name down to tlie last syllable
of recorded time. He is not now in the service.
I will not proclaim the means by which he was
dismissed the service, because it is not creditable
to my country. He was supposed to be unsound
upon the President's policies.
General Sc.henck's military fame rests upon
the feat of dumping his men from a railroad car
upon a battery at Vienna. His promotions were
in consequence of soundness upon the President's
proclamation. The President admired this so
much that he agreed verbally to hold his commis-
sion as major general as an escrow, while Schenck
served two years in Congress, and at the end of
the time to hand it back to him.
General Milroy lost Winchester, with part of
his command, ammunition, and supplies. Bat
that did not matter; he was sound on the policies;
he could pronounce shibboleth to suit Lincoln.
Andrew Porter and Keyes, although thorough
soldiers, experienced officers, displaying on many
fields their courage, skill, and science, are not
trusted upon the policies.
This whole Government is being run to-day on
the question of making all interest yield to that
of the negro. If I were to bring a biil that would
cost the Government the same amount this will
for the benefit of the widows and orphans of the
white soldiers who have been killed or died, I
could not obtain for it over ten votes in this Sen-
ate. You will pass this, I fear. I wish we could
defeatit. It is true the bill and amendment both,
I believe, propose to pay over into the Treasury
the residue of the money to be raised by leasing
abandoned estates, &c. No dollar will ever go
into the Treasury from this source, but every
cent that freedmen want for food, for clothes,for
every necessary of life, will be drawn from the
Treasury as itis now. When the confiscation bill
was passed there was a like provision in it. When
the advocates of that measure were urging its
passage, they said it would pay the inteiest on
the national debt, and after a while pay the debt
itself. The truth is, that all the sales of confis-
cated property do not now pay the expenses and
never will. Each year millions are drawn from
the Treasury to keep that in motion. But the
Senator from Massachusetts tellsus we must sup-
port these people by charity, and provides m the
bill to pay the balance into the Treasury.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not said they should
be supported. The Senator puts words into my
mouth which I did not say. I said we owed to
them care and protection during this transition
period from slavery to liberty.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I accept what he says; but the Senator
will permit me to call his attention to one remark
in his speech, that this was "a great national
charity." The Senator will remember that he
used these words.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly. I said it was at
once a charity and a duty.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Of course he thinks it
a charity and a duty. Why the provision in the
bill that the residue of the money is to be paid
into the Treasury ? It is to mislead the public
