1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2808
mind. With your " charities and duties" in this
direction you have brought us to bankruptcy,
the nation to ruin, and our people once so happy
and prosperous to toil and woe.
This " charity and duty" has united the South
and divided the North. At the commencementof
these difficulties we had, or thought we had, a
large party in the South who were opposed to this
rebellion. Mr. Lincoln notified us that there was
a very large majority against secession. It was
claimed that every State was devotedly attached
to the Union except South Carolina. I believe
that was true. Where are they now? This
policy of yours has united them so completely
that southern women are in the ranks, discharg-
ing the duties of soldiers, handling the musket and
firing the cannon.
But still you say, let us go on. It does seem
to me that, as reasonable m.en, we ought to stop,
we should pause, we should hesitate. I am not
often in the habit of thinking that anything Wen-
dell Phillips says is either good or true; but he
said the other day that for which any Democrat,
if he had said it, he would have been confined in
a fort. I cannot give his exact words—I quote
from memory—but ho said substantially that Jeff.
Davis made a revolt, but Abraham Lincoln made
a southern confederacy.
The reign of those who disregard allrightdoes
often receive the popular applause, but sooner or
later even-handed justice deals to them the vio-
lence they have inflicted upon others.
The thought forces itself upon my mind often
that all this effort to keep the negro before the
public is for the purpose of attracting attention
from the effort to overthrow liberty and establish
despotism in this country. The wicked rebel
and the negro, is the reply to any fear expressed
that we shall lose our liberty in this contest.
Mr. President, in no country was liberty ever
more menaced and endangered than it is in this
country to-day. Like all countries in revolution,
the people have conceded a little here and a little
there on the ground of necessity until there is but
little left. Cromwell in the revolution in Eng-
land turned out the Parliament upon the plea of
necessity. Napoleon when he ascended the throne
of France with the bayonet drove the Assembly
of France from its chamber. He permitted none
to take their seats but those who supported him.
A minority of that convention declared for him
as emperor. The bayonet did the work.
Sir, what is our situation to-day? Wheie is
trial by jury, your habeas corpus, yourfreedom of
speech, your freedom of press, your liberty of
conscience? Where are your free ballot, the first
great birthright of Americans, and without which
liberty cannot exist anywhere for a single mo-
ment? A few days ago certain newspapers-in
New York published a bogus proclamation, and
they were suppressed by an order from Wash-
ington and the editors imprisoned.
Mr. JOHNSON. They were not imprisoned.
They were ordered to be imprisoned, but Major
General Dix did not do it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The order was given
from here. Not only does the President and
Cabinet imprison citizens who have committed no
crime, but generals and colonels and second lieu-
tenants who do not know the difference between
Webster's spelling-book with the leaves all out
and the leaves all in, and it is justified and sus-
tained by the President. The only hope for lib-
erty in this country is the defeat of Mr. Lincoln
this fall.
Throughout the entire North to-day, in every
congressional distiict, you have piovost mar-
shals. You have them in your country, too, sir;
[to Mr. Johnson.] The provost marshals claim
the right to try all cases that arise, criminal and
civil. They doubtless have never heard that there
was a provision in the Federal Constitution that
the military should be subordinate to the civil au-
thority. They are contesting with our courts
whether they shall try any cases in the courts or
not. That great right conferred by the Consti-
tution of the United States, that no man shall be
tried for his life or liberty unless upon due pre-
sentment by a grand jury, isgone. Alieutenant,
who has never seen the inside of a law-book, who
would not know what you meant if you told him
that there was such a thing as liberty proclaimed
111 every article of the Federal Constitution, he
would tell you, " Here is a military necessity."
I know it may be replied tome, as it has been,
that these things are done m pursuance of a law
passed by Congress. True it is so; but before
you passed your law, before? it had an existence
you had your provost marshals in every district
throughout the country. Civil liberty, the liberty
of the citizen, was stricken down and it isgone.
And now the gentleman from Massachusetts tells
us that we must have universal freedom. Sir,
I am in favor of freedom too; freedom for the
white race.
Mr. President, 1 care not who administers this
Government. The time has been when I felt
anxious to elevate a statesman and friend to that
position. That time has gone with me forever.
Give me the man for President who will give me
a free ballot, trial by jury, the freedom of speech,
the liberty of the press, and the right of con-
science, and I care not by what name you call
him, nor who he is; but so help me God I will re-
sist to the utmost of my power always the one
who has stricken down ail these great rights.
When the conscription bill authorizing the es-
tablishment of military courts was pending and
under consideration in the Senate, I moved an
amendment to limit its operation to one year.
That amendment was adopted unanimously. It
passed the House, as I believe. The committee
of conference struck it out, as I suppose. At all
events it is not in the bill now. The object and
intention is to have military tribunals to take the
place of courts. You intend to overthrow the
judiciary and makea despotism. The machinery
you have now in full operation. I do not believe
that all or even half that voted for this bill are in
favor of this, but the power is exercised by those,
who will do it. I repeat, then, 1 have no doubt
that the Senator from Massachusetts will press
and pass this bill. No matter what becomes of
the white man; let him go; let him starve; lethim
fight your battles; send him to the front, and
leave the negro behind; let his wife and children
perish wherever they may be; but you must take
care of the negro.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will permit me,
I wish the negro to go to the fiont.
Mr. RICHARDSON. You said lie would go.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 want us to allow him to
go. He is anxious to go forward and perform
military service. I want him to do it, and to save
our fellow-citizens.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I know of no Senator
and of no man in America who could do more to
lead them to the front than the Senator himself,
if he will go. I have no doubt if the Senator will
go down to General Grant he can get at £he head
of those negroes, and if he will make one of his
glowing speeches in favor of universal liberty and
the black man's superiority, they will go with
him to the front. 1 want them to go to the front,
too; but, sir, they will not go. They will eat
your rations and they will take your pay; they
will guard your posts that do not need guarding;
and that is all they will do.
Sir, I am opposed to this bill and all similar
bills. The time has now come.when we must
talk in reference to these things and talk plainly,
and, for one, I intend to do so.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until to-mor-
row at one o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not go on with it now ?
Mr. WILSON. I want to pass another bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the question is put, I
must say aword. This bill has been intrusted to
me by a committee of this body. Itis one which
is watched with greatinterest by thepublicjustly.
Its prompt passage is required by the public in-
terests. i think the Senate ought to make haste
with it. If my colleague tells me there is other
business which concerns the public interests, and
which, in his judgment, is of higher importance
than this bill, I shall yield; but I desire it to be
distinctly understood that I take no responsibility
for it. I do not consent to abandon this measure
except in deference to his judgment as chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs. If he tells
the Senate that within his knowledge there is busi-
ness that ought to be attended to in preference to
this, of course I shall yield.
Mr. WILSON. All I can say about itis simply
this: the President of the United States has sent
a message here to-day, which I believe has not
been read, with a letter from the Secretary of
War and a statement of the Provost Marshal
General, urging the passage of the bill that is now
pending before the Senate in ordar to raise men
to reinforceourarmies, and I think that any cjues-
tion for raising men to reinforce our armies is
before any and all other questions in this country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot.) It is moved that the bill before the Senate
be postponed until to-mowow.
Mr. SUMNER. And made the special order
for one o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Has it been made a spe-
cial order? - ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
motion before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is now unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to say one word.
Every proposition to make a special order for the
last two weeks has been resisted, and success-
fully resisted, I believe, by the majority,upon the
ground that the public interests would not allow
special orders at this stage of the session.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Every proposition to make a special orderduring
the morning hour, as the Senator will remember,
has been resisted; butl am not aware that a prop-
osition for a special order after the morning hour
has been resisted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot say whether
the Senator is certainly correct upon that or not.
The argument has been made and objection urged
that the condition of the public business of the
Senate now as we are approaching the close of
the session would not allow special orders to be
made. Why is it that other bills are notallowed
in view of the public interest to be made special
orders, and this can be madeso? This isa House
bill. It has passed the other House; it is here;
and if it goes back amended, of courselt will re-
ceive the immediate consideration of that House.
When it has been proposed that Senate bills that
have never yet passed the House, and which
must pass soon if they are to be considered in the
House at all, shall be made special orders, the ma-
jority have voted itdown. Certainly the interest
that is peculiarly represented bytheSenator from
Massachusetts has occupied very much of the
time of this session of Congress, and I cannot
see that it is proper to make a special order upon
this bill when it has been refused upon other bills.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 12, noes 7; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires two
thirds to make a special order, and it cannot be
a vote.
Mr. WILSON. We must have the yeas and
nays before the question can be decided, as there
was no quorum on the division.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would modify his motion so as to post-
pone this bill until to-morrow. I am very anx-
ious to get up in the morning hour to-morrow a
joint resolution which has been before the Senate
now for several days in the morning hour. I
hope to conclude it in the morning hour; but if
not, I do not wish to be precluded from having it
considered after one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. Let this bill be postponed,
then, until to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. I am willing that it shall be
postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock, as my
colleague first moved.
Mr. HOWE. I take it there is no objection to
that, and it is not necessary to call the yeas and
nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call will
proceed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,Brown.Chandler,Clark, Con-
ness, Dookule, FessKnden, Harlan, Hauis, Henderson,
Howe, Morgan, Pomerny, Slipiman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Willuy, and Wilson—St.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cailile, Davn, Hendricks,
Johnson, McDougall, Powell, and Itiehnntetm—K.
ABSENT—Messis.Uoll.uwr, Cowan, Di.vin, fool, I- os-
ier. Gi lilies, Hale, Hardin":, Hicks., Howard, Un.e <>t In-
diaua, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Nesimtii, Kimii'eyrUufult-,>
Sau^bury, Sprague, Trumbull, and Wught~2U.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is agreed to, two thirds of the Senate concurring
