1828
THE GXJNGREs&IONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
original mder as nearly as the committee can determine
ftutatfte evidence before tiiem.
As to the question by whom the^e alterations wore
made, t!ie committee refer pnticuiarly to the depositions
of Mi. Powers and Mr. Howard, which arc among those
herewith submitted. Judgrng from all the circumstances,
tliev vvme probably made ibi tiin pnrpope of realizing a
profitable speculation under cover of the original order.
Th.U ihey were made hy Powers, there cannot fiom the
testimony be any reasonable doubt.
At the time die order win delivered to Power*, there
was noinworjuihlary regulation in any way piohibi'tingit.
^'he committee are*theroioie of the opinion, and do re-
port, that no violation of law was committed in the prem-
ie by General Blair, and that the original older was
aU'-rea and falsified after it had passed from his pos!>c&feion
and control, in the manner hereinbelore stated.,
The imdt-rdigncdj the chairman oi' the committee, for
h'mseif deems it proper to state that the replies of iUn
Blair m tlic-llmwi to the charges of Mr. McCluro, all of
which have been uudei investigation beloie the committee,
are not sustained by the evidence, except as to Jus denial
of being engaged in a liquor speculation, and of the gen-
uineness ot the older in quotum. In this statement tile
other members of the committee do not concur—tlie mem-
ber from Kentucky for the reason that his conclusions fiom
tue testimony are the opposite of those of tlic chairman;
and the mcsnbei from New York (who was absent while
most of tins pair ol the evidence was taken) forth* reason
that he does not consider the subject embraced in the i ev-
olution appointing the committee, and that they aienot,
in his judgment, called on to txpiess any opinion In regaul
to it.
The committee having thus completed the duties as-
signed to Utem, respectfully a?k to be discharged from the
further consideration ot the subject.
\VM. CIIOBY. Chairman.
RUUTUrf J. ('LAVr.
JOILV V. L. PitUVX.
t>CIIKl)ujje A.
Copy of the oider leffried io after the alteiationi had
been made.
HEADQUARrmis Skcosu Division
Fifteenth Army Corps,
Near Vicksbcrg, Miss., June 3, 1833.
We the undersigned officers authorize Michael Powers
to procure for our own umi the following arables, to wit:
"Twenty-five gallons brandy, each; thirty-five gallons
whisky, each; twenty-five half bands ale, each; twenty-
tuur boxes. Catawba; twenty-lour boxes ehuet, good;
thirty boxes Havana cigars; nvo dozen bo'tteb Boker'f
bitters, (genuine;) twenty boves (Charles Faire) cham-
pagne: lour 5-pouml bales Virginia smoking tobacco;
tweniv-iivo boxes canncd trim*.
FRANK P. BLAlil, Majur Ccneiut
Commanding *2tl Dui^'.on 1 ~ !k shiny Cjips.
jR. N. JOUli, Captain mid */. M.
AHDKIY it. SMITH, end <'. ,s.
U )GAX TOMPK1XS, sinl-de-onnp.
UKORUE MAGCIRH, .i,d-de camp.
15. JOEL, First Lieutenant i\}ili Mi^ouri Ca>\
W. I) CRIMEN, Major und si. .2. G.
]]. C, FiiANKLIN,
Siogeov U S. V. and Din^on St'.7?,con.
M. A. lM>yLn, Jlid-dc-camp.
List of articles in the ordei when the same uw signed.
Five gallons brandy: live gallons whUky; live halt bar-
rels ale; six boxes Catawba; six boxes claret, good;
three boxes Havana ci^'ais; two dozen bottles looker's
huters, (genuine :) two hove* (Chailes Farre) champagne;
one (perhaps foui) 5-pound bales Virginia smoking to-
bacco.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to submit
a few observations upon this report.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order, un-
less tile motion to lay on the table is withdrawn.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It is a very import-
ant question to me.
Mr. HIGBY. 1 suppose it is proper that this
report should first be printed, and then in some
way taken from the Speaker's table, and con-
sidered subsequently. 1 would not have attempted
to introduce the report at this time at all had it
not been understood that no debate was to arise
upon it to-day. The gentleman has been excul-
pated by the committee, and I do not think there
is time now to go into a long: debate upon this
question. I therefore decline tu withdraw the mo-
tion to lay upon the table.
jVfr. BLAIR, of Mtssomi. I will say to the
House that 1 do not propose to remain here a great
while longer, and it is important to me, if I am to
be allowed to make any lemarks upon this sub-
ject, that I should have the opportunity of mak-
ing them now. 1 do not think the House will
decline to grant me this courtesy, and I ask the
gentleman again to withdraw his motion to lay
upon the tabic. I do not expect to lemainin the
House even until the report can be printed, and I
shall therefore have no opportunity to make any
remarks upon this mailer unless it is given to me
now by the courtesy of the gentleman from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. MORRILL. When I yielded the floor to
allow this report to be made U was with the dis-
tinct understanding that it should not uccupy the
time of the House. The gentleman from Mis- j
souri will perceive at once thatif this matter opens 1
it will consume the whole day: his colleague wiii ,
of course require-as much time as will be oceu- j;
pied by the gentleman himself. I therefore re- jj
new my motion, that the House resolve itself into :
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the i 
Union. ^ -
The SPEAKER. The motion now before the
House is by the gentleman from California, that
this report be printed and laid upon the table.
Mr. KLAiR,of Missouri. I d-she to say that
■j do not suppose before m the history of Con-
gress so extraordinary a course has been insisted
upon involving personal rights of a member.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It seems to me
that we have no special connection v. ith this mat-
ter at all. It is due to tjie gentleman from Mis-
souri, respecting whom such a report has been j
made, and which having been made will be pub- j
hshod and commented upon in the papers, that ;
he should be indulged in lemarksupon it. lean- ;
not conceive how, in propriety, after allowing the
report to be made, we can refuse the courtesy he
now asks at our hands.
Mr. HIGBY. i understand that it is in the
power of any one member to object; that unani-
mous consent is required for the gentleman from
Missouri to proceed, without my motion, i pre-
fer, therefore, to leave it to the House, and with-
draw the motion to lay it upon the table.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I am
as loth as any other member to consume the time
so necessary for the public business, but the use
which has been made of this affair is of such an
extraordinary character, so malicious and unjust
to me, that I have been compelled to appeal to
my fellow-members for the privilege of making
a few observations, and to ask their indulgent at-
tention at this time.
It is shown by the report which has just been
read in your hearing, thai when this "forgeiy"
was committed i was m the wi vice of the count i y,
and in the benches before Vicksburg", using my
!| utmost efforts for the preservation of our country
| and to beat down its enemies. When it was
j made public and circulated far and wide iti tin:
j newspapers for the purpose of destroying my rep-
: motion, i was again absent from my home and in
i command ot the fifteenth Anny corps,leading its
; gallant soldiers on the march from Memphis to
I Chattanooga to share m that memorable conflict
' which drove Bragg from his stronghold on the
i heights of Lookout mountain and Missionary
' ridge, n.|id afterwards to the relief of our belea-
guered army at KnoxvilL*.
I hope it will not be regarded as indelicate or
improper for me, under the circumstances in which
I have been placed oy thjs gross and unjust as-
persion and the consequences which followed, tQ
allude to the fact that 1 was assigned to that com-
mand by General Sherman, whose corps it was,
until he was promoted to the command of the
army and depaitmcnt of the Tennessee, and that
after that most eventful campaign of marches and
battles, as glorious as any recorded in our mili-
tary annals, I was complimented in general or-
ders, and received the thanks of my commanding
general for the manner in which 1 had handled the
corps; yet, at the end of that campaign, I found
myself superseded in the command.
.Now, sir, if the allegation which had been made
against me, when absent and in the service, had
been true, it would have formed a just ground
for my removal. I should have been unfit to com-
mand any portion of the gallant and patriotic
troops of my country.
Finding myself superseded in a command of
which I was so justly pioud, and unconscious of
having committed any offense winch should have
subjected me to such a mortification, I came here
to resume my seat in this House, to which 1 had
been returned by a confiding constituency, and
which I had left eighteen months before, at the
solicitation of the Administration, to raise and
command troops for the defense of the country.
But the malignity of those who lu.d originated
and propagated tins atrocious slander against me
was not satisfied with the humiliation 1 had suf-
fered in the loss of my command; it pursued me
into this House. The House will remember the
occasion when a member from my own State
arose and reiterated this calumny. I repelled it
at the time in language decorous and parliament-
ary, so far as the member himself was con-
cerned, not knowing but that he had been misled
by those who had originated and circulated the
shmder, but at the same time denouncing it as a
forgery, perpetrated by a person in the employ
of the Treasury Department, uttered and put m
circulation by a spccial agent of the Treasury
Department, who had himself since admitted that
the order was altered and was therefore a forgery,
and that it was printed in a newspaper which was
pensioned by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The gentleman, or, rather, the member who made
that allegation"^ that time, having my dental be-
fore him, having the admission of the Treasury
agent, Bonner, having the published declaration
of the surveyor of the port of St. Louis, Mr.-
Howard, pronouncing it a forgery, and also hav-
ing the paper in his hand which showed palpably
upon its face that it had been altered, came into
this House to renew that allegation upon a
subsequent occasion, and with that coarseness
and brutality which is characteristic of vulgar
minds 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is out of order. The Chair will have the
rule read. The Chair v. ill sustain the rules of
the House in regaid to the language used by any
member upon this floor.
The Cleik read the rule, as follows:
If any member, in j-peakin^ or otherwise, tians-gros
the rules of the EJouse, the Speaker shall, or any member
may, caii to oidei ; in which case the member so called to
Older shall immediately sit down, unless peimitted to ex-
plain; and the llousc shall, it appealed to, decide on the
caje, but without debate: inhere be no appeal,the decis-
ion of the Chair shall he submitted to. It the decision be
in favor of the member called to order, lie shall be at lib-
erty to proceed ; if otherwise, be shall not be permitted to
proceed, m case any member object, without leave oi the
llou-e; and if the cum: require it, he shall be liable to the
cenMue ot the House."
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I regret the use of
the language here 
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that un-
der that rule the gentleman from Missouri is out
of order. The Chair is placed here by the House
to enforce its rule m regard to personalities; and
the gentleman cannot proceed unless permitted
by the House.
Mr. BLAIR,of Missouri. I desire to explain.
Mr. WASHBURiN" E, of Illinois. 1 move the
g'-ntieman be permitted to proceed in order.
Leave was granted.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouu. 1 regiet that I em-
ployed the language 1 did in the presence of the
House. I desire also to say that I regretted, and
do now regret, using the language I was impelled,
by a fe dn-gof natmal indignation, to use'upon a
former occasion in (he presence of the House.
1 say, sir, that this member was not content to
rcasseit the chaige against me of having violated
the laws of the country, and of prostituting the
office I held m the service of the country for the
purpose of speculation, but he did it in an insult-
ing and irritating manner, and made every effort
to provoke me, in the manner in which he brought
it to the attention of the House; and upon that
occasion, I say again, I felt myself so indignant
at the charge made, and at the manner m which
it was made by that member, that I found it im-
possible to restrain myself, and used language for
which I am willinsr to apologize to the House,
but for which I shall never apologize to him.
Sir, he had the foiged order photographed and
brought it thus prepared for cuculation to the at-
tention of the House, and proclaimed that he was
ready to distribute them, and that others could be
had cheaply at the photographing establishment
at which it was taken. I do not know where that
photograph was made—whether it was in the
Treasury Departmentornot. I believe they have
machinery of that kind there. It is not the first
time in the history of the world in which the fine
arts have been prostituted to this base and igno-
ble purpose, that of perpetuating and dissemina-
ting counterfeits. I congratulate myself, how-
ever, that while the prt of photographing has
been applied to such purposes, it has also been
made useful in the detection of the rogues, crim-
inals, and counterfeiters who have basely prosti-
tuted the art. You can find, sir, in any of the po-
lice offices of the country a " rogue's gallery," in
which the effigies of those eminent for their crimes
and rascalities are exposed for the purpose of rec-
ognition and detection. I intend, following that
suggestion, to enlarge upon the idea. I win have
