T84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23.
radical men pursue the same, policy; and I have
no doubt that the same disastrous results will fol-
low it if persisted in. We have here in this Con-
gress a proposition to repeal the fugitive slave
. law, thereby nullifying a solemn provision of the
Constitution.
I ask gentlemen what will be the effect of such
a policy in the State of Kentucky and the other
border States? These Kentuckians have proved
themselves equal to every emergency. When the
country called them they responded like patriots.
But they expected you would act in good faith
toward them, and protect them in their property
and in their rights.
But now you propose to take, by the strong
arm of arbitrary power, from them their property
and their rights under the Constitution and the
laws. Is not that the way to render alien the
hearts of these people of the border States? Is
not that a sure policy to make the border States
dissatisfied with the Government as administered
by you? Will they not resist your course by
every means known to the Constitution and the
laws of the country? •
We have also a proposition here to reduce the
eleven rebellious States to a territorial condition,
to enact laws and govern them as conquered prov-
inces.
We have also here a proposition which, so far
as this branch of Congress is concerned, has al-
ready assumed the character oflaw, to confiscate
the real estate of the people of the South. In other
words it is a proposition in direct violation of the
Constitution of the United States, and renders the
restoration of the Union almosthopeless if adopted
and carried into execution.
We have also a proposition to establish a
Bureau of Emancipation. Let me ask gentlemen
on the other side why they do not cooperate with
us in passing laws to feed, clothe, and pay a
proper compensation to our soldiers, and to the
widows and orphans this war has made? Why
do they overlook all the interestsof the white men
of the nation and rush blindly to the negro, and
think nothing and do nothing but what they fancy
is for his welfare?
Sir, who is there here that believes for a single
moment that Congress has the right or power to
establish such a Bureau ofEmancipationasis here
proposed? It is nowhere named in the funda-
mental law, and is in direct violation of all our
previous ideas of government and law.
We have also here a proposition, a plan of the
President for restoration—wo have the startling
proposition which assails directly the only prin-
ciple upon which a republican form of govern-
ment can exist—-we have a proposition that says
one man out of ten may control and govern the
affairs of the other nine. And we have here a
proposition which says further that that one man
shall first become an abolitionist, and swear'to
support the President's proclamations then issued,
and all olheis in prospect which may be issued,
lie is first to turn abolitionist before the Admin-
istration will place confidence in his patriotism
and place him in power.
We have a proposition also,pending in the other
branch of Congress, which declares that all laws
shall be repealed which maken distinction between
the races—between white and black. Sir, this is
the culmination of all the hopes of these radical
fanatics. Here is the goal toward which they
are directing all their dibits: to debase the white
• man to the degraded level of the African negro.
Sir, I know that gentlemen oil the other wide
will consider me disloyal. I know they will say
1 am asympathizer with the rebels; but 1 tell them
that not only so Car as I am concerned, but so far
as the Democratic conservative masses of the
country are concerned, they always have, from
the inception of this radical policy, they do to-
day, and they will continue in the future to enter
their moht solemn and earnest protest against so
unwise and ruinous a policy.
I am willing that gentlemen should criticise
with the utmost scrutiny the action of the Demo-
cratic party during its long and eventful career.
I can justly and truthfully say, that upon all oc-
casions, in the halls of legislation, through the
press, in the forum, on the hustings, everywhere,
at all times, in all variety of circumstances, the
Democratic party has ever been true anil faithful
to the bond of the Union; always respecting the
rights and interests of every section of the entire
country, never failing to warn their countrymen
against the fatal effects of sectionalism, which for
more than a quarter of a century past has been
engaged in the unholy work of overthrowing the
pillars of constitutional liberty. As each suc-
cessive wave of fanaticism rose higher and higher,
this noble old party of Jefferson and Jackson
stood, like Corinth of old, a breakwater against
the double tide, until at last it culminated in the
election of a sectional President. Even then, sir,
ambitious but for the integrity of the Union and
the equal rights of the States, it called into requi-
sition all the power and prestige of its great name
to prfservethe sacred compact ofsovereign States
out of the horrors and calamities of civil war, and
to recognize peaceful channels as the only remedy
of the commonwealth. With the only record that
history will'make of this time-honored party,
born with the Constitution, that has adhered to it
through all of the vicissitudes of prosperous and
adverse fortune, that will live as long as consti-
tutional liberty survives, and perish only amid
the ruins of the Republic, with that record there
is not a Democrat throughout this broad land but
will be perfectly contented.
Sir, I do not say that this Government has not
the right or power to crush armed rebellion. I
say that it is the duty of this Government to'do
it; and I say further than that, if the party in
power had kept steadily in view that original
and legitimate object, the proud old flag of our
country would have floated in triumph over the
capital of every State in the Union. It was be-
cause its original policy was changed that this
little insurrection of ninety days has swelled into
the mightiest revolution recorded in the annals
of time.
We are told by gentlemen upon the other side
of the House that they do not want the Union as
it was; that this is an abolition war. For what
purpose? They tell you for the purpose of con-
fiscation, of emancipation, of subjugation, and of
extermination.
Sir, 1 should be glad if any gentleman who has
the power sufficiently to make it appear would
tell us the way in which such a contest should
end. A war of subjugation! History tells us
when Home attempted to subjugate Carthage and
confiscate their property, it so exasperated their
people that their women tore their hair from their
heads and gave it to their fathers, sons, husbands,
and brothers, with which to make bowstrings to
fight the gladiators of Rome. More than that.
When the despots of Europe parceled out Po-
land like so much public plunder, and when Rus-
sia brought men from Siberia and placed them
upon the confiscated estates of the Polish noble-
men, she thought that she would raise up a new
race of people who would be loyal to the Russian
Government. IIow often have the streets of
Warsaw been crimsoned with the blood of their
people; and this very day that same Poland, down-
trodden, without an aimy, without a navy, with-
out munitions of war, is again appealing to the
God of battles upon newly made revolutionary
battle-fields to place her name on the honored roll
of naLions. And there is Ireland, against whom
England lias warred for centuries for the purpose
of subjugating her people and confiscating their
property, and the time never was that tlie very
bogs of-Ireland did not send forth their hardy sons
of toil to resist the tyranny and oppression of the
Butish Government.
Subjugation ! Who is it you propose to sub-
jugate? Eight million Americans, eight million
men in whose veins flows the same blood that
courses through our own; eight million people who
drew their inspirations of liberty from the same
great fountain-head whence we drew our own.
Subjugate such a people I Are they less devoted
to their homes and firesides than were the people
of Poland and Ireland? Are they not as much
devoted to libeity as any race of people who has
lived m the past ages? Will they not make greater
sacrifices to maintain and to preserve tliem? Talk
about subjugation ! Let me tell you that the man
breathes not the vital air that will live to see the
day when the lightnings of civil war will notflush
through the heavens, if that be the purpose of
this war. Look at it. When you have parceled
out the estates of the people at the South between
the people of the North and the negroes of the
South, when you havediiven their unoffending
women and innocent children to the mountain-
fastnesses, do you suppose that they are subju-
gated? Why,sir, those women will whisper in
the ears of their children eternal hatred to you
and your Government. The fires will only be
smothered, and at some unpropitious hour, as in
Europe, they will burst forth anew and bring de-
struction upon you and the country.
There is one other question which I would like
to ask of the learned and experienced gentlemen
upon the other side of the House. Can they tell
me whether the mission of war is to build up, to
restore, to reunite? Let me rather ask you if it
is not the mission of war alone to sever, to over-
throw, to destroy, and annihilate? Did not the
long and protracted Peloponnesian struggle of the
Greeks blot out Athenian liberty? Did not the
civil wars of the Caesars erect an imperial despot-
ism upon the ruins of that proud old republic?
Did Spain restore Mexico with force of arms?
Did Mexico in turn restore Texas? Did Hol-
land in 1831 restore Belgium by war ? Did George
III restore by force of arms these thirteen revolted
American colonies? Sir, it is not the unaided
mission of war to accomplish any such thing.
Let me ask gentlemen another question. Sup-
pose you succeed in accomplishing all you desire;
that these southern hosts are driven and scattered
before your victorious legions like chaff before
the wind; is that the end of the struggle? How
will you enforce your laws upon an unwilling
people scattered through their mountains, forests,
and swamps? How will you enforce even the
ordinary writs of courts of justice? Before you
can do it you must take your sons and garrison
the-cities of the South. You must do that in order
to hold them in subjection. And when you have
done that, will they be an element of strength to
the country?
I ask gentlemen to look at this in the light of his-
tory . Is Poland an element of strength to Russia ?
Is Hungary an element of strength to Austria?
1 want gentlemen to bear in mind the important
lesson that all history teaches, that nations are
BORN AMID THE MIGHTY THROES OF REVOLUTION!
When Andrew Jackson declared this Union could
not be preserved or the Constitution maintained
by the mere coercive powers of the Government,
he announced a fact which three years of war has
only confirmed. And when Abraham Lincoln an-
nounced in his inaugural address that suppose
you go to war you cannotfightalways,and after
much loss on both sides and no gain on either,
the same identical question which caused the strife
remains open for adjustment, he announced only
the truth attested by all history. It was no new
truth. It was but the logical deduction which the
history of past ages fully confirmed.
I need not stop to speak of the loss upon both
sides. 1 need not talk of the hecatombs of our
fallen countrymen which lie scattered over a hun-
dred battle-fields. I need not speak of the widows
and the orphans, and of the immense debt which
will hang like an incubus upon the energies of
this people for ages to come. Tilt; horrors are
enough to cause tears to flow down even Pluto's
iron cheek.
What then is our true policy? I tell gentlemen
the history of other nations leave us not in doubt
as to this point. Before you can ever secure peace
in this country you must accompany the sword
with the olive-blanch. You must, in addition
to destroying the aimed power of the rebels,
build up a Union sentiment to protect that coun-
try after you have withdrawn your armies from
it. Louis XI of France, by far the ablest Bour-
bon of them all, by a conciliatory policy united
the several French dukedoms and kingdoms into
onevastempiro,over which Louis Napoleon pre-
sides, and at whose power even continental Europe
trembles. Charles V won more by a conciliatory
course than he ever achieved by the sword. Henry
Vll of England by conciliatory policy united and
restored peace to his distracted country.
I need not go to other countries for examples
in confirmation of the truth of this position. Here
in our own country we have the most illustrious
example of the power of a conciliatory course.
When our fathers had achieved our independence,
when they came to lay broad and deep the foun-
dations of constitutional liberty, they laid the
very corner-stones in the great and mighty inter-
sectioual doctrines of conciliation and conces-
sion.
Sir, I do but quote the unanimous language of
