1864.
THE CUJS7 G-IiESSlONAL GLOBE.
18S1
debate must be confined to the subject before the
House.
Mr. HiGBY. There is no evidence in the re-
poit which bears him out in that remark.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fiom Mis-
souri is aware that where a point of otder is
made of this kind, and a single gentleman ob-
jects, the right of the gentleman to proceed will
depentt upon the consent of the House. He can-
not proceed otherwise. For that reason the Chair
desires that the gentleman shall ccJnfine himself
to the report, so that no point of order shall take
him from the floor, as a point of order will, if any
gentleman objects to his pioceedmg.
Mr. MALLOIIY. 1 rise to a point of order.
My point of order is this: that when a member
of this House, one of our peers, has been at-
tacked and allowed a committee to investigate the
charges made against him,upon the discussion of
the report of that committee he has a right to
inquire into the motives that impelled that attack
on him, and that is all which the gentleman from
Missouri has done or attempted to do.
Mr. H1GBY. He is vindicated by the repent
of the committee.
Mr. MALLOKY. I claim that he is entitled
to be heard for one hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Missouri must confine himsell to
the discussion of the report ol the committee.
Mr. MALLORY. it is lor the luason that the
gentleman fiom Missouu is confining himself to
the repoit that 1 insist that he is m order. He
has never departed from the report.
The SPEAKER. The Chaircannot argue the
point with the gentleman from Kentucky; but if
the remarks of ihe gentleman from Missouh in
regard to Fort Sumter are in order in the discus-
sion of this repoit, then any conceivable subject
would be m order in this debate.
Mr. MALLORY. He is discussing the con-
duct of the Secretary of the Treasury, who im-
pelled this attack upon him.
The SPEAKER. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury was not on tual before the committee and is
not on trial before this House. On the contrary,
the gentleman fiom Missouri has expressly stated
that the House refuse d to give him a committee
to investigate cliaiges against the Secretin y, and
has expatiated at some length upon that fact.
Mr. MALLORY. The select committee ex-
pressly assert that there was a forgery against
the gentleman from Missouri calculated to mjuie
his character and reputation by an agent of the
Secretary of the Treasury. The gentleman is
tracing it up to the Secretary of tiie Treasury
now.
Mr. HIGBY. There is no proof in the report
or in the evidence that an official torged that pa-
per. The proof is that a personal and political
friend of the gentleman who has been vindicated
by the report made that forgery, and that he was
not an official at the time of the forgery.
Sir. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman
from California is entirely mistaken in his state-
ment of the evidence.
Mr. H1GBY. No, I am not. '*
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think you are;
but tiie evidence will settle that question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has repeatedly
decided that the gentleman from Missouri is not
in order.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair that I am not proceeding
in order now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal to
the gentleman fiom California to withdraw the
pointof order and let thegentjeman from Missouri
have his hour. [Cries ol" X hat's right. ]
Mr. FARMSWORTH. I hope the gentleman
will do that.
Mr. HIGBY. I withdiaw the point of order.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair now under-
stands that the gentleman from Missouri has an
unlimited right to speak for the residue of his
hour without regard to the report of tiie select com-
mittee. [Cries of "Agreed!" and "Go ahead."]
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissoun, (resuming.) Sow,
I propose to show that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, with all the commerce of the countiy in ills
hands, with the collection of our foreign reve-
nues and of the vasUntes nal rt venues in his hands,
is using these abandoned plantations and grasp-
in'-' at all power and patronage for the purpose of
providing a fund to carry on the operations of the
Pumcioy committee to carry on his war against
the Administration which gave him place.
Now I will read other letters on fhe same sub-
ject. This letter is from a man who bears as high
a chaiacter for honor and integrity eCs any other
man in America:
"Dear Frank: Iinclo>e you a copy of General Banks's
complete and compiehenMve system of leasing plantations,
also the ill-digested ami uiiMiti^factory plan that the Treas-
ury Department has foterui upon up. The experiment so
iar of working these fieedmen has proven, what all sane
men knew, that it will uke time for them to realize the
iesponsibihuo3'anml duties that fall upon them with their
new position. Thev prefei the idleness with good rations
furnished them at the ' home farms,' which figure so largely
in Mellen's plans, to the labor and wages ot regular work.
Compulsory'measuies are necessary to force them from
these places, and such punishment as Banksrs system em-'
braces is necessary to make them perionn their tegular
woik. They will in due time, under such treatment, with
the education of their youth,'giow to the stature of tree
men. At the «ame tune their employ rrs would realize a
profit and the Government a levenue that would amply re-
pay the expen&eol piotectmgthe plantations and enforcing
the regulations
The result bf my experiment hnt yeai illu->trates, on a
small sortie, the tiuth oi my >tatenient.>. I cultivated four
hundied and fifty ueies oi j.iml, fed, clothed, and paid one
handled and fifij negioes, and turned into the Tteasury
over ten thoiiMUid doilais; the tax upon the cotton I rai&ed
nioic than twenty dollau to the acne. There are negroes
enough in our lines 10 cultivate a million acres, and capital
to put the whole maeliineiy into motion if Banks.*s system
wcie adopted and propei olljccr-5 selected to cany out his
measures. The 'home hums* m Mellon \ system have
completely dufeatedvthe woikiwj of those plantations by
lessees. The negtoes are collected and kept upon ibem,
fed at Government o\pcns<e, to nihc cotton to enrich the
officers !n charge of them. Tnese officers oi cour&e are
opposed to giving up the labom^aud keep them all. 1 and
liiv paitneia wanted to woik eight ot ten thousand acie&
this t-eat-on. We have permits'to go to the home farm*
and take loui hundied neirtoes that maybe willing to go
with us. A month's trial has not scoured us a single
hand, ulthough'tcn thousand diawmg rations fiom the
Government aie in ea>y teach of tn. 1 went myself the
othet dav to the \ ;m Duien ho.-pital, vvlieie about seven
hundted'aie ciowded, living in filth and squalor. J t-p^et
a whole dav canva^ing them. Tiie invariable answer was,
' J sta\s with the Lieutenant. lVe dom'beiry well here.'
We have very inadequate protection here and no po-
lice. Many plantations, have hoidcs of negioes upon
them who ioam the country iu aimed bands, stealing cat-
tle and mule*, and keeping the whole district in constant
alarm. I dread them f.u moie than X do the guerrillas.
The plantation I am livmj: on i«> doing very well. Every
negro 1 had la*t >eai i- Mill with mo. They have learned
to take a pioper view ot Thing- and woik well. I would
now have had halt a du/a-u pJ«uitation.Munuiu|*a4s smoothly
;i£j this could Banks*brain* have woiked flits high up
the liver.-5
New Orleans, Louisiana, March, 10, 1S64.
I)rxii I see that tiie fight has commenced meat nest
between rioident Lincoln1* iuonds and the Chase clique.
Thiti"> have turned out pittas I expected when Chase- went
into the Cabinet. He has. been getting lendy to sting to
death the Admin^tiatiou that has given him ins import-
ance. .
A.s you aie on " the smell" of Tietisury permits and con-
traband tiade, I can put you on the track ot a ca e, the
testimony ot which i> in Washington, I picsume in the
Wai Otiii-e, which i am advi>ed will luinich rieli develop-
ment-4. Thein\estiuauon took place befoie BngadierGen-
etal Ma-on, at Columbus, Ohio, in Apnl and M.n,3bG3,
from which it appeals that a ^iwyoi, n une-1 Cobb, ramero
Columbus in the winter of that year and showed a pass
fiom the Jeff. Davis government to tiade in cotton in Texas
and supply the rebel* with mctcharuiise to one John W.
Bakei, who thereupon got up a stock company in which
himself and divers oiheis weie concerned, among them
A. P. Stone, Chase's collector of internal levenue. The
vessel ua? bought and loaded with supplies, ami way about
to'-tart via Halifax to Matamoras undei the Bntish flag,
it was seized, Cobb c-caped, and on examination Stone
admitted hesubscribcd $.>.000 in the name of young, banker
at Pjqua, Ohio. Powerful pmties have since been trying
to hush uptne affair. General Joseph H. Geiger and Henry
JVIiNei, Esq., of Columbus, Ohio, represented the matter
to Chavi and demanded Stone's removal, bur he put them
off, and there the affair rests yet. Write to B. F. Martin,
Esq.. Columbus, Onto, and you can get the full facts.
Stone has always been one of Cbabe's chief pie&idential
fullers m Ohio, and if the proof fasten, guilt upon him
Old Abe should be posted, a removal made, and then oui
ft tends will have some inducement to woik in Ohio. I tell
vou we will go umiei uulc<Vtiic President backs up his
iriends, and then the people and Uk .umy will whip out
all the Washington politician-.
Hon. F. P. Blair, Jr.
Beaufort, Sotttii (Carolina, Fehruaiy 28.
Sin: r connatulateyou upon havingthecourageto&peak
out against tjecreiarv Cha^e and tus army ot tax-gathereis,
that are now sucking the blood fiom our people.
The meichant? doim? bunne-s upon tins j.-iand and the
other Hlandt^ (Hilton Head excepted) have to pay five per
cent, upon all goods that come heje fiom the Noah, not-
withstanding theie is not a --ingle wmtc le^ideut ot houth
(Jurohna upon tne^u l-'aiid^. Tnis t.ix l- piiton to the ac-
count ot tiie good.-, and in this way the Union soldieis and
the contiubandis have to pay the tax tor the *uppoit ot
Chase's friends.
Good* are only allowed to com ; into Port Royal free ot
tax where ihey arc landed on one $ide of the harbor; on
the other side they have tq pay the five percent, tax. Sec-
retary Chase arbitrarily decides that the port of Port koyal
includes only the territory within the fortifications on Hil-
ton Head island, which are the Army headquarters, but
immediately opposite on the isiand where the Navy have
quarters, and where theie are similar fortifications to pro-
tect the harbor, he makes the merchants pay the Ave per
cent. tax. The soldiets get their goods without the tax.
while the sailors have to pay it. There aie two docks and
wharves in this port, at one of which you can land your
goods free, while at the other the "special supervising
agent of the Treasury Department," makes you pay tax-*
Verily, the " commerce follows the flag," but not until it
has paid the taxes.
Your obedient servant.
Memphis, Tennessee, March 9,1864.
Dear General: I have just been put in possession of
some very important information concerning the Treasury
Department:
i. That Colonel E. H. E. Jameson, who is a member of
the Missouri Legislature, got $5,000 for procuring a cotton
permit from the Treasury Departmental Cincinnati. I do
not know who the purchaser of the permit was, but Mr.
 will probably give you his name when' he writes to
you.
This letter is from a gentleman of New York
who is at the head of one of the largest moneyed
institutions in that city:
New York, March % 1864.
Dear Sir : Are you aware of the rumors that are afloat
here legardmg our Secretary of the Treasury?
Fir t, have you heard that he gave young Graham,.(son
of John L. Graham, of this city,) now cashier of the Na-
tional Bank, New .Orleans, a permit to take to New Or-
leans a cat go of whisky, by which he expects to make a
clear profit of from sixty to eighty thousand dollars r This
for Mr. Giaham's services in getting up a national bank in
New Orleans. ^
llave you heard that he has given to his son-in-law, Gov-
erm i Spi ague, n permit to buy cotton at the South, by which
he will probably make the &nug little sum of $2,000,000?
Ask VVilluun H. Abpiuwall, of this city, but without naming
'"liave you heard, what is the fact, that this $11,000,000
of five-twenty bonds now asked of Congress to make good
the excess ol sale over the amount authonzed by law, is
fust so much given to "the ling," Jay Cooke & Co..
That is to sav, when IVIr. Chase asked Mr. Cisco to buy
Ml;000,000 at par to make good the excessive subscription
with the agents, Jay Cooke & Co., Mr. Cha&e was told
that was impossible, for the simple fact of his buying at
all would put them up m the market. The Secretary was
ai>*o informed that there was no need of taking any notice
Of the advised subscription, as no money had been paid.
The way it was managed by Jay Cooke & Co. 1 under-
stand to be this: Jay Cooke & Co. telegraphed to tlmii^
agents to telegraph back to them (Jajr Cooke & Co.) to
subscribe for so much of the five-twenty loan- That being
done, as soon as the loan was all takeu it appeared m their
office that so much more had been actually, bona fide, ap-
plied for bv outside parties, when, in fact, it was a contri-
vance to secure to themselves and their immediate friends
the profits on this excess of $11,000,000. Ask Mr. J. J.
Cisco, Assistant Treasurer, in this city, If this is not bo.
But again I must ask you not to name me in this inquiry.
The Secretary was told that he was under no obligation
to furnish the bonds, as no money had been paid, aud this,
too, from the Assistant Treasurer in this city. But Stilt
u the ling'3 had power enough to get the stock out of Mr.
Chase, and he out of Congiess, f presume.
Hon. Frank Blair.
This letter is from the writer of the one I have
just quoted: ^ ^ lm
Dkar Sir: I was in Washington last week, but could
not see you, as my time was taken up with the sub-Com-
mittee ot Ways and Means on the subject of Mr. Chase's
bank bill, trying to get some of the abominable features
taken out of it.
T now inclose an editorial of the New York Evening
Post of the 2d instant. Please read it, as it confirms what
1 wrote about that excess asked to make good Jay Cooke
& Co/a speculation in the five-twenty loan.
Yours respectfully.
Hon. F.F. Blair, Jr.
Philadelphia, Muidt i, 186-i.
Dr ar Sir : We notice with pleasure that you purpose
introducing a resolution to inquire into the affairs of the
Treasury Department in connection with trade, in regard
to the regulations of Mississippi. At the same time plea&e
allow uf> to suggest to extend your investigation to those ol
Tennessee, Missouri, and other State1? west and south of
Cincinnati, Ohio, where ali goods shipped fiom Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, or any other eastern city, are sub-
ject to an examination of their invoices and a charge of
live per cent, commission, and all those goods we ship to
those sections are sworn to as correct at our custom-houses.
This we deem a great injustice to us all, and a serious dis-
advantage to all eastern cities, and a decided advantage to
Cincinnati. The delay of the examination without the.
commission of five per cent, will prevent a large proportion
of the meichants from purchasing on east.
Hon. F. P. Blair, Jr.
I know nearly all of these parties whose letters
I have read. I do not feel at liberty to give their
names, because they would be subjected to the,
persecutions from Chase's blood-hounds thati
have suffered, but they and a great many others
are at the servicc of the committee on the «' con-
