280S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
?ule which you propose, now discharge all its
liabilities by sending its men into the field for
only one year, while the adjacent State that was
more, patriotic filled up its quota with three years'
men r It seems to me that the bill, if it is adopted,
will operate unequally and unjustly in that regard.
Mr. WILSON. Some of'the States—the Sen-
ator's State is one of the number—have more
than filled their qUotd. ThSreare, however, only
sixty thousand m the whole United States short.
On the 1st day of May the State of Massachu-
setts was four thousand and seventy short in her
quota. 1 state this on the authority of the adju-
tant general of the State. We had the whole
month of May to fill our quota, and draft"has been
going on for three weeks. £ have no idea that
this measure will apply to her in the draft now
going on. I do not intend it shall do so, at
any rate. I only intend it to apply to calls that
may be hereafter made. If we draft for a year
in one State, and another State lias furnished for
three years more men than was called for, she
•ought to have the benefit of it, and the Govern-
ment has acted upon the plan of giving full credit
to States upon the three year basis.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I am certainly in fa-
vor of the repeal of this commutation clause. The
Senate will bear me witness that in the beginning
of the session I introduced a proposition t5 repeal
the $300 commutation clause, and then stated that
instead of raising men under that provision you
would Simply raise money by lottery; and it
turns out to be true. Your draft, as far as it has
advanced, has only got five per cent., as I under-
stand, of' men, and the balance has been paid in
money. This proposition now is to repeal the
commutation clause; and the amendment of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Allan-*
is'that hereafter, if that clause be repealed, you'
shall draft for one year.
But, Mr. President, this is no time for rash
counsels or idle words. I am for fighting this
thing out, whether it lasts one year or two years
or one hundred years, until the rebellion shall be
suppressed; and I am not overly sanguine that
one year will accomplish the ob|ect. Hut itseems
to rtic thai there is some plausibility in the nigu-
ment that you should not draft for but one year
until yon shall draft again m another class who
have not been called upon at all. It does not,as
I understand it, affect the State which I in part
have the honor to represent, forit is not deficient
upon any call that has been made by the Presi-
dent of the United States.
It seems to me that the argument of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs is de-
fective in one, thing. lie says if you reduce this
call from three years to one'year you will getthe
men easier and more speedily, and fill up your
armies at once. Why do you draft men at all'
Because they will not volunteer; and if you draft
them you draft them precisely ns speedily for
three years as you can draft them for one year.
It seems to me that argument is altogether falla-
cious. If they are ready to volunteer, you do not
need a draft; and if you have to draft you will get
them for three years precisely as readily and as
speedily 113 you will get them forone year.
I only arose to say that I am now for the repeal
of the commutation clause as I was at the begin-
ing of the session. I told you then, as this Sen-
ate will bear me witness, that before the Senate
adjourned you would repeal that clause. 1 am
now ready to repeal it; and I am ready to go fur-
ther, and repeal the right of substitution; so that
whenever a man shall be drafted he shall go into
the service if he is an able-bodied and competent
soldier. If this rebellion goes on, as I hone in
God it may not, for another year, the right of
substitution will be repealed, and all conditions as
to age may be repealed, until every man able to
bear arms will be required to bear ai ms; and when |
the last soldier shall have fallen we will hand the
contest over to the women and chiklien, and the
old flag will triumph whether you have men-un-
der forty-five or not to bear it.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator will agree
with me that in the draft of fourteen thousand j
men that has been made, if the time, instead of!
being three years had been one year, and the I
commutation remained the samp as it is, we should
have obtained more suhstitutcs^and more m^n for
one year than we m>*.v have. Many of the men
who have paid the money would have obtained
substitutes, because substitutes would have been
cheaper for one yeaf than three years, or they
would have gone themselves rather than pay the
commutation of $300 and be liable to draft the
next call, as they are by law. That i3 the point
I make.
Mr. BROWN. I will inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs whether
this billwas not unanimously offered and reported
by the Military Committee as it stands on the
table ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly it was reported by
the unanimous assent of the committee, although
I have ever been forthecommutation, and do not
know'that I shall vote for the bill.
Mr. BROWN. Then I ask where the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts gets the ground upon
which he predicates the amendment which he
has offered> Does it come from the Department?
Is it a suggestion of the Administration ? Or what
is the ground on which he puts it ? Or is it simply
an amendment offered on his own motion ?
Mr. WILSON.,. The Senator will remember
that some two or three weeks ago I offered this
proposition as a joint resolution, at that time in-
tending to presa it to a vote in my committee, but
theexpression of opinion in the committeeshowed
me that it would be voted down. The Senator
will find that the Secretary of War, in the com-
munication he now makes, states that the inten-
tion is to draft for a shorter period than three
years. He sustains the idea embodied in the
amendment i offer, and the President is in favor
of this policy i am confident.
Mr. BROWN. Then I presume the Secretary
of War goes upon the ground that he already hag
the right to do so. Is that the case?
Mr. WILSON. I think the Secretary of War
assumes—heeertainly must assume from what he
says in his letter—that he has that right; but he
certainly has not the right. [ will read the act if
the Senator desires to hear it.
M r. BROWN. Yes, .sir; I should like to hcaril.
Mr. WILSON. There cannot be a doubt on
this point. It must be a careless reading to leave
any doubt of it. The eleventh section of the act
of 1863 says:
"That all poisons thu«s enrolled be etihjoef, for two
year* afior the 3ft day of July Mieeendlnj* the enrollment,
to be called into the military sen ico ol the United States,
and to continue in service during the pieseutiebellion, not,
liovvevct, i:\cuedmy the Uum of three years."
They are to go into the service for the present
lebelhon; but if the piesent rebellion lasts more
than three years, then they are to go out at the
end of three years. The drafted men are put on
precisely the footing of thathree years' men. The
art says:
<lNot, however, exceeding the term of three years; and
when called into <eiviru shall be placed on the s.une loot-
ing, in ail ic^peor-?, as volunteer tot tluee years, or during
the war, including adxauce pay and bounty as now pio-
vidcd by law."
In every respect they were put on the dame
footing, and were intended to be the same as
three years' men; and the three years' men are
enlisted for "three years or during the wai."
Mr. BROWN. 1 will only ask one otherques-
tion of the Senator in order that we may get at ft
full comprehension of the scope of his amend-
ment; and that is, is it in contemplation in the
amendment offered by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts that the power to call out men by con-
scription for three years shall be taken away from
the Government?
Mr. WILSON. Myamendment ir, simply this:
it authorizes the Government to call out men for
a term not exceeding one year; they can draft
men for that, period. Here is a proposition to
repeal the commutation clause of the old act. I
assented to leport it to the Senate to take the
sense of Congress, but I think if we had time
enough it would be the be^t and wisest policy to
iehiin the commutation clause. The Senator has
always advocated the repeal of the provision and
so have all the members of the Committee on
Military Affairs. If it is to be repealed now, I
want to adopt this provision to authorize the Pres-
ident hereafter to call out men for "a*term not ex-
ceeding one year^ 1 think this policy a wise and'
humane one; that it will bear more lightly upon
the people and fill moie rapidly the wasting ranks
of our arm ies.
Mi CO FX AMF.fl. I
amendment wi'h a view to
e to shape 01
the point sug
gested by the Senator from Iowa, and also by the
Senator from Indian^, in relation to the effcct of
calling for one year's men so that they shall not
count as three years' men; but I cannot do it at
the moment at my table. For that reason I de-
sire to move that the Senate now adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont withdraw his motion fora moment to allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I withdraw it.
The ^RESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is withdrawn.
Mr. CONNESS. I simply desire to say that
I listened with some attention to the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts to hear from him ar-
guments and reasons why his amendment should
be adopted; but I listened mostly to a defense of
the Administration against the remarks that I had
the honor to submit. I will not undertake to re-
ply. While I am not desirous of entering the
lists in competition with the honorable Senator,
that it may be ascertained,either forour satisfac-
tion or the satisfaction of the country, which of
us, the Senator or myself, is the best friend and
the truest supporter of the Administration, I will
say to the honorable Senator that I think, though
he is exceedingly patiiotic and I have no doubt
exceedingly attached to the Administration, he
has no advantage of myself on either point.
Mr. WILSON. I do not question the Sena-
tor's patriotism, his earnestness, his devotion to
the country, or his support of the Administration,
but I did think that in the Senator's remarks,
while he was exceedingly earnest, he reflected
rather sharply not only upon the Administration,
but upon some of its supporters here. I am not
the Administration's slave. I generally support
their policy. On some things 1 have to condemn
them, as does the Senator, and all of us.*
Mr. CONNESS. I fully understand that, and
will simply say that the only difference that I can
see between the honorable Senator and myself on
those subjects is that sometimes I breathe a little
louder than ho does. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable chair-
man of the committee inform us, if he can inform
ux, how many men it is proposed to call for by
the Government?
Mr. WILSON. I do not know.
Mr. JOHNSON. That may in some measure
influence my vote.
Mr. WILSON. I can ascertain by to-morrow
morning.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do you know how many
men are now in the Army ?
Mr. WILSON. I do not, and if I did I should
not feci at liberty to say, because it has been the
policy of the Secretary of War to keep it away
from our own people; for, as he says, if he should
let everybody know it, the enemy would soon
know it; that he would give a great deal if he only
knew how many men they had, and he supposed
they would if they knew what we had.
Mr. JOHNSON. If he makes a call for a specific
number of men they will find that out very soon.
Mr. WILSON. They will find that out? but
they do not know the number of men in our ser-
vice. We have got a large force in the field, but
still we want more.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not understand the Pres-
ident or the Secietary of War to be limited as to
the period of servicc. They want the law to re-
main as it is as far as I can get theiropinion from
the message.
Mr. WILSON. T think the Senator will find
in the letter of the Secretary of War thathe pro-
poses to draft for a shorter period than three
years. Under the militia law he can do it, but
not under the enrollment act. That is aa clear as
sunlight.
Mr. COLLAMER. I more that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 8, 18G4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, vn. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
INDIAN ACCOUNTS.
The oPHAKER laid b. fm-e the House a h Iter
fioni the Ueuetary of the Inteiior, transmitting
