?86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
lowed in the settfemontof his accounts $1,487 56,
alleged to have been embezzled by L. St. John,
a clerk in the pay department; which was referred
io the Committee on Claims.
> He also presented the memorial of Francisco
Casercs, praying compensation for a horse alleged
to hftve been taken from him on the 2(1 July, 1846,
;by John C. Fremont, then in command of the
'united.States forces' in Alta California; which
.was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce .of the city of Mil waukee,
Wisconsin, praying for the construction of a
wagon road to Idaho, through Minnesotaand Da-
kota, and such military protection as will afford
safety1 to emigration and secure a more speedy
transit of merchandise and the precious metals;
which was referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories. „ ~
Mr. HALE presented a petition of staff officers
of the Navy, praying that the retired staff officeis
of the Navy may be placed on an equality in re-
gard to pay witli line officers of the same rank;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. HALE. I have a petition from contract-
ors for the machinery of the side-wheel gunboats
known as "double enders," representing that the
price to be paid to them is considerably less than
the actual expenses of the work, and praying that
Congress will take such action upon their petition
that they may have the opportunity to verify the
matters and things set foith in it, and that they
may have such further relief in the premises as
shall be judged meet. I hardly know to what
committee this petition should go, but perhaps
the more appropriate reference would be to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of John
L. Campbell, a citizen of the Territory of Idaho,
and formerly a citizen of llie State of Iowa, rep-
resenting that the Territory of Idaho is divided
by a range of I lie Rocky mountains which renders
one portion of the Territory inaccessible from
the other portion; that it is composed of a ter-
ritory sufficiently large to make several States as
big as New York or Pennsylvania, and he prays
that Congress may in its wisdom provide for a
division of the Territory. The petition is accom-
panied by a map. 1 move that it be referred to
the Committee on Territories.
The moiion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 present the petition of John
Thomas Lrtiie, who claims that In- is the discov-
erer ami piopiietor of a remedy for the preven-
tion and euie of aniall-pox. He represents that
his remedy has been submitted to various tests;
and he asks that Congress shall provide that lie
shall have an opportunity of trying it upon some
or all of ihe patients in the small-pox hospital at
Kalorama. I move that the petition and papers
accompanying it be referred to the Committee on
Military Aflaiis and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I pieseuteda few days since
resolutions of the Legislature of Iowa in favor of
an amendment to the pension laws, so as to allow
pensions to widows of chaplains and surgeons
who way die in the service. I move now that
tiiose resolutions be rel'ened to the Committee on
Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TEN EYCK, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (H. II.
No. 42) to enable guardians and committees of
lunatics,appointed in the several States and other
countries, to act within the District of Columbia,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILLEY,from the Committeeon the Dis-
trict of Columbia, who were instructed by a reso-
lution of the Senate to inquire into the expediency
of further providing by law against the exclusion
of colored persons from the equal enjoyment of
all railroad privileges in the District of Columbia,
submitted a report, and asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairsand the Militia, to whom was referred
a petition of copyists in the Quartermaster Gen-
eral's "office, praying for an increase of compen-
sation, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 130)
for a charter of Masonic Hall Association in
Washington city, District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. CONNESSasked, and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S. No. 131)
to consolidate into one district for judicial pur-
poses the northern and southern districts of Cali-
fornia, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 133)
in relation to the pay of cadets at the Military
Academy at West Point, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairsand the Militia.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 132) to amend an act entitled "An act to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes,"
approved July 1, 1862; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to state that this
bill was prepared by acommittee representing the
various interests of the different branches of the
Pacific Railroad Company. I introduce the bill
at their request, without committing myself at all
either to its general principles or its details. It is
rather a petition presented by them in the form
of a bill to be submitted to the committee for its
action. I move its reference to^he committeeon
the Pacific railroad, and I also ask that it be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred; and the order to print will be made, if
there be no objection.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had disagreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 122) to
increase the internal revenue, and for other pur-
poses, further insisted on its disagieement to the
amendments of the Senate insisted on by the Sen-
ate, and aslteil for it further conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, and appointed
Mi. E. B. Washburne of Illinois, Mr. J. A.
Kasson of Iowa, and Mr. J. L. Dawson of Penn-
sylvania, conferees on the part of the House.
HOPKINS BATTERY.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tile Committee on Military Affairs and
the Mititm bo loqnesti'd to inquire into the expediency and
justice ol iirebonlni^ to the .Suite ol" Knusns ttie " Hopkins
battery" captured bv the gallant troops tioni that State at
tile battle ot 1'ort Wayne.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Accompanying the
resolution there is a letter fiom Major General
Blunt, giving the facts connected with the cap-
ture, and showing that the battery is not service-
able. I ask that that letter be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will be
made if tlieie bo no objection; and it will also be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ARMY OFFICERS ON LEAVE.
Mr. TEN EYCK submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rcsoh ah That the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia be niptiucted to inquiic into the expediency ot"
repealing or modifying the law which reduces to one half
the pay ami allowances of oflicors in the Army when absent
on leave.
COTTON SPECULATIONS BY OPFIOEUS.
Mr. POWELL submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, Tliatthe Secretary of War be directed to trans-
mit to the Senate the repoit and evidence taken by the
lailitaiy commission, at the head of which waa Major Gen-
eral Irwin McDowell, appointed to investigate the conduct
of officers of the Army, and others engaged in the military
service^ m cotton and other speculations.
Mr. WILSON objected to the present consid-
eration of the resolution, and it lies over, under
the rules.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the President of the United States had approved
and signed, on the 19th instant, a joint resolution
(H.R.No.30) tendering the thanks of Congress
to Major General W. T. Sherman; and, on the
22d instant, a joint resolution (H. R. No. 31)
making appropriation for the payment of taxes
on certain lands owned by the United States; and
a bill (H. R. No. 145) for the relief of the heirs
of Noah Wis wall.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to say few
words in explanation of some remarks that I
made here on a former occasion, by the leave of
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
proceed, if there be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be recollected that
when the deficiency bill was before the Senate
there was a clause in it, as it came from the
House of Representatives, making an appropri-
ation to pay Little & Brown for certain volumes
of their edition of the laws, the tenth and eleventh
volumes, I think. The Committee on Finance
recommended that that clause be stricken out;
and being called on for an explanation, I gave to
the Senate the explanation that I had received at
the Department, almost in the same words, as
near as 1 could recollect them; the facts were cer-
tainly the same. That explanation which I gave
seemed to cast a reflection on the conduct of those
gentlemen, Messrs. Little & Brown, with refer-
ence to the matter. It stated substantially that
their dealings had been with a clerk of the Inte-
rior Department, and that it was a surprise on
the Department itself, and there was no occasion
to pass it, as the books wore not needed and there
was no claim on the Government with reference
tothem. 1 will not now repeat it. The remarks
were published in the Globe and came to the view
of these gentlemen. They considered them, as
they do in point of fact, as making a reflection
on them.
Mr. Little has handed me this morning a letter
addressed to myself which he desires me to ask
leave to have read in the Senate. Ho does not
consider the question of money as so important;
and I deem it due to that firm to say that it is a
firm that has always maintained the highest rep-
utation for integrity in every point of view; and
I am not surprised that they should feel somewhat
sensitive at the remarks that were made by me. 1
can only repeat what I said at the time, that 1
made the explanation as 1 received it from the
Department itself. 1 deem it due to them to have
this letter read; and I also deem it further due to
them to say that 1 consider the letter as a vindi-
cation of them with reference to the matter.
What the House may see fit to do with regard to
the particular appropriation is another question.
Should it come before the Senate again, it will be
for us perhaps to reexamine the decision to which
we came on the subject.
With tin's explanation, saying, as I feel it but
just to say, that such is the reputation of that
firm and the individuals connected with it, it is
not surprising that they should feci somewhat
hurt at anything which would tend to impeach
their high mercantile character and standing, I
desire that the letter may be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter will be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Washington, Feh uary 23,1S64.
Sir: A friend has sent to me a copy of the Daily Globe
containing the repoit 01 lemarks made by you on the 12th
| instant upon the ptopo=ition umh-r consideration by the
Senate to supply a deficiency for the purchase of tins tenth
and eleventh volumes of the Statutes at Large, published
by the. house of Little, Btown &. Co., of Boston.
Although I have not the honor of a pei&onal acquaintance
with you, I know too well your distinguished reputation
as an honorable,\)Ust, and courteous gentleman to hesitate
' for a moment in submitting to you an unequivocal &tare-#
I mont of the facts to which your remarks were directed, in
j the firm conviction that you will perceive the injustice
I which you have done—unintentionally, I am sure—to my
