1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
38TH CONG. . . . 1ST Seas.
On peanuts, or ground beans, one cent per
pound; shelled, one and a half cents per pound.
On filberts and walnuts, of all kinds, three cents
per pound.
On petroleum and coal illuminating oil, crude,
ten cents per gallon. On illuminating oil, nnd
naphtha, benzine,'and bfenzole, retfned or pro-
duced from the disttilktion of coal, asplialttfm,
•shale, 'peat,-petroleum, or rock-oil, or other ^nu-
minous substances used for like purposes, thirty
cents'per gallon.
. On pimento/and black, white, and red or cay-
enne pepper, fifteen cents per pound; on ground
pimento and pepper of all kind's, eighteen cents
■per pound.
On spirits of turpentine, thirty ceftts per gallon.
On sulphur, flourof, twenty dollars per ton and
'fifteen per cent, ad valorem.
On tannin, and tannic acid, two dollars per
pound; on gallic acid, one dollar arid fifty cents
per pound.
On santomne, five dollars per pound.
On salt m sacks, barrels, and other packages,
'twenty-four cents per one hundred pounds. On
salt in bulk, eighteen cents per one hundred
pounds.
On crude saltpeter, two and one half cents per
pound.
On strychnine and its salts, one dollar and one
half per ounce.
On taggar's iron, thirty percentumad valorem.
On vinegar, ten cents per gallon.
On watches, gold or silver, twenty-five per
centum ud valorem.
On wood pencils, filled with lead or other mate-
rials, fifty cents pergross, and in addition thereto
thirty per centum ad valorem.
On ostrich, vulture, cock, and other orna-
mental-feathers, crude or not dressed,colored, or
manufactured, twenty-five per centum ad valo-
rem; when dressed, colored,or manufactured, fifty
per centum-ad valorem.
On playing-cards, costing not over twenty-fire
cents per pack, twenty-five cents per pack; cost-
ing over twenty-five cents per pack, thirty-five
cents per pack.
Sec. 12. And be itfurther enacted, That on and
after the day and year aforesa#! there shall be
levied, collected, and paid a duty of fifty per
centum ad valorem on the importation of the arti-
cles hereinafter mentioned and embraced in this
section, that is to say:
Anchovies and sardines, preserved in oil or oth-
erwise.
Artificial and ornamental feathers and flowers,
or parts thereof, of whatever material composed,
not otherwise provided for, beads and bead orna-
ments.
Billiard-chalk.
Ginger, preserved or pickled.
Ivory or bone dice, draughts, chess-men, chess-
balls, and bagatelle-balls.
Jellies of all kinds.
On ktd or other leather gloves of all descriptions,
for men's, women's, or children's wear. «'
On wooden and other toys for children.
Sec. 13. And be%t further enacted, That on and
after the day and year aforesaid, in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed by law on the articles
hereinafter mentioned, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid on the goods, wares, and mer-
chandise enumerated and provided for in this
section, imported from foreign countries, the fol-
lowing dunes and rates of duty, that is to say:
On books, periodicals, pamphlets, blank-books,
bound or unbound, and all printed matter, engrav-
ings, bound or unbound, illustrated books and
papers, and maps and charts, twenty-five per
centum ad valorem.
On cork, bark or wood,unmanufactured, thirty
per centum ad valorem.
On coi ks,and cork bark manufactured, fifty per
centum ad valorem.
On hatters' furs, not on the skin, and-dressed
furs on the skin, twenty per centum ad valorem.
Furs on the skin, undressed, ten per cent, ad
valorem.
On fire crackers, one dollar per box of forty
packs, not exceeding eighty to each pack,and in
the same proportion for any greater number.
On gutta percha, manufactured, forty percent-
tn  ad valorem.
On gunpowder and all explosive substances
used for mining, blasting, artillery, or sporting
purposes, when valued at twenty ce'nis or less per
pound,a duty of'six cents p'erpOund, and ^addi-
tion thereto twenty per centum ad vaforem; val-
ued above twenty cents per pound, a dtfty of ten
cents per pound, and inaddition thereto twenty per
centum ad valorem.
On marble, white statuary,'brocatetla, siejiria,
and verdantique, in block, rough or" squared, one
dolfar per cubic foot, and in addition thereto
twenty-five per centum ad valorem. On veined
marble and marble of all other descriptions, not
otherwise provided for, in block, ro'(fgh':or
squared, fifty cents per cubic foot, and ifi addition
thereto twenty per centum ad valorem.
On mineral or medicinal waters, or 'Witters from
springs impregnated with minerals, for each bot-
tle or jug containing not more than one quart,
three cents, and in addition thereto twenty-five
percentumad valorem; containing more than one
quart, three cents for each additional quart, or
fractional part thereof, and m addition thereto
twenty-five per cm turn ad valorem".
On palm-leaf fdns, one cent each. *
On pipes, clay, common or white, thirty-five per
centum ad valorem.
On meerschaum, wood, porcelain, lava, and all
other tobacco-smoking pipes and pipe-bowls, not
herein otherwise provided for, one dollarand fifty
cents per gross, and in addition thereto seventy-
five per centum ad valorem.
On pipe-cases, pipe-stems, tips, mouthpieces,
and metallic mountings for pipes, and all parts of
pipes or pipe fixtures, and all smoker's articles,
seventy-five percentum ad valorem.
On pen-tips and pen-holdeis, or parts thereof,
thirty-five per centum ad valorem.
Oit pens, metallic, ton cents per gross, and in
addition thereto twenty-five per centum ad valo-
rem.
On soap,fancy, perfumed, honey, transparent,
and all descriptions of toilet and shaving soap,
ten cents per pound, and in addition thereto
twenty-five per centum ad valorem.
On all soap not otherwise provided for, one cent
per pound, and in addition thereto thirty per
•centum ad valorem.
On starch, made of potatoes or corn, one cent
per pound, and twenty per centum ad valorem.
On starch, made of rice, or any other material,
three cents per pound, and twenty per centum ad
valorem.
On rice, clejSned, two and a half cents per pound;
on uncleaned^two cents per pound.
Oti paddy, one cent and a hajf per pound.
Sec. 14. And be itfurther enacted, That on the
entry of any vessel, or of any goods, wares, or
merchandise, the decision of the collector of cus-
toms at the port of importation and entry, as to
the rate and amount of duties to be paid on the
tonnage of such vessel or on such goods, wares,
or merchandise, and the dutiable costs and charges •
thereon, shall be-rfinal and conclusive against all j
persons interested tjiereift, unless the owner, mfcs- j
ter, commander, or consignee of such vessel, in ;
the case of duties levied on tonnage, or .the owner,
importer, consignee, oragentof the merchandise,
in the case of duties levied on goods, wares, or
merchandise, or the costs and charges theieon,
shall, within ten days after theascei tainmentand
liquidation of the duties by the proper officers of
the customs, as well in cases of merchandise
entered m bond, as for consumption, give notice
in writing to the collector on each entry, if dissat-
isfied wuh'his decision, setting forth therein, dis-
tinctly and specifically, the grounds of his objec-
tion thereto, and shall within thirty days after the
date of such ascertainment and liquidation, appeal
therefrom to the Secretary of the Treasury, whose
decision on such appeal shall be final and conclu-
sive; and such vessel, goods, wares,or merchan-
dise, or costs and charges, shall be liable to duty
accordingly, any act of Congress to the contrary
notwithstanding, unless suit shall be brought
within ninety days after the decision of the-Sec-
retary of the Treasury on such appeal for any
duties which shall have been paid before the date
of such decision on such vessel, or on such goods,
wares, or merchandise, or costs or charges, or
within ninety days after the paymem of duties
paid after the decision of the Seeietary. And no
suit shall be maintained Sn any; court foV'th^ recov-
ery of any duties alleged to'fiave^beSp'^rroiitf-
ously or illegally exacted,'untji' the 'decteion cCf
the Sfecrct&ry of tie Treasury shall havd b^en fii'st
had on such appeal, unless skid d&fsio'n qfHhe
Secretary shall be delayed mbfe'than ninety
from the date of sttfch appe'a'lin case 6fan eritry
atany port east of the Roclty mountains,or mo$>
than five,months in case of an entryWestoflhoste
mountains. ' '
Sec.1 15."_•&&& be itfurther enacted Tf'hat the ife-
cisioft of tie respective collectors of fc&stoms as
to all fees, charges, and exactions of whatever
character, other than chose mentioned in the next
preceding section, claimed by theta, .oi\by any
of the officers undir them, In the performance of
their official duty, shall be final' and/ conclusive
against all per® nsintereyie'dlnsuch 'fee'9,'charges,
or exactions, unless the like notice ap-
peal will be taken from such decision to thejSeci
retary of the Treasury shall be giyfen within-teri
days from the'making of such 'decision*',''ana un-
less such appeal shall actually be taken within
thirty days fronl the making of such decision,;
and the decision of the!:SecVeta'ry bf the TVe^s-
ury shall be final and conclusive upon 'the iftfrtf??
so appealed, unless suit shall be brought' for the
recovery of such fees, charges, or exactions^
within the period as provided for in the rieXt pre-
ceding section in regard to duties. Arid no suit
shall be maintained in4any court for the recovery
of any such fees, costs, and charges, alleged to
have been erroneously or illegally exacted, until
the' decision of the Secretary of the Treasury
shall have been first had on such appeal, unless
such decision of the Secretary shall be.delayed
more than n;HOty days from the date of such
appeal incase of an entry at any porteastof the
Rocky mountains, nor more than five months in
case of an entry west of those mountains. 1
Sec. 16. And be itfurther eriaciedy That when-
ever it shall be shown to the satisfaction" of .the
Secretary of the Treasury that, in «iny case of
unascertained duties, or duties or other 'moneys
paid under protest and appeal, as hereinbefore
provided, more money has been, paid to the col-
lector, or person acting as such, than the law re-
quires should have been paid, it shall be the duty
of the Secretaiy of the Treasury to^draw hia
warrant upon the Treasurer in favor of the person
or persons entitled to the overpayment, direct- «*
ingthe said Treasurer to' refund the same out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise'ap-
propriated.
Sec. 17. And'be it further enacted, That a dis-
criminating duty of ten per centum ad valorem,
in addition to the duties imposed by law, shall
be levied, collected, and paid.on-all goods, wares,
and merchandise which, on and after the day
this act shall take effect, shall be imported in
ships or vessels not of the United Slates:' Pro-
vided!, That this discriminating duty shall not
apply to goods, wares, and merchandise; which
shall be imported, on and after the day this ac&
takes effect, in shipsor vessels not of the'United
States, entitled, by treaty'or any act or acts'of
Congress, to be entered in the ports of the United
States on payment of the same duties as shall
then be paid on goods, wares, and merchandise
imported in ships or vessels of the"United States.
Sec. 18. •find beit further enacted, Thatonand
after the day and year this act shall take effect
there shall be levied, collected, arid paid on "atl
goods, wares, and merchandise of the grewth or
produce of countries east of the Cape of Good
Hope, (except raw cotton,) when imported from
places west of the Cape of Good Hope, a duty
of ten per centum ad valorem, m addition" to the
duties imposed on any such articles when im-
ported directly from the place or places of "thefr
growth or production: Provided, That section
three of the act approved August five, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, entitled *'An act to pro-
vide increased revenue from imports, to pay in-
terest on the public debt, and for other purposes,
and section fourteen of the act approved July
fourteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, en-
titled "An act increasing temporarily the rates
of duties on imports, and for other purposes,'*
be, and the same are heieby, repealed.
Sec. 19. And be' it further enacted, That all
goods, warerf, and merchandise Which may be
