1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
the accounts of the superintendent of Indian af-
fairs of the southern supcrintendcncy *, which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
DANIEL M. DESMAN AND E33ENEZER TOWNLEY.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, made<tn ad-
verse report on the memorialof Daniel M.Denman
and Ebenezer Townley, heirs of John Denman
and George Townley, for compensation for beef
furnished during the revolutionary war; which
was laid upon the table.
NTAGARA FALLS CANAL.
Mr. LITTLEJOKN, by unanimous consent,
moved that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union be discharged from the further
consideration of House billNo. 126, to construct
a ship canal around the falls of Niagara, and that
it be postponed to the second Tuesday of De-
cember next, the day to which the Illinois canal
bill was postponed.
It was ordered accordingly.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IDAHO.
Mr. CRAVENS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported back House bill No. 486, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide a tem-
porary government for the Territory of Idaho.5'
The bill provides that the Governor of the Ter-
ritory of Idaho be authorized to reapportion the
Territory for the election of members of the Coun-
cil and house of representatives of the Legisla-
tive Assembly, provided the apportionment shall
be based on an enumeration of the inhabitants
and qualified voters of the several counties and
districts of the Territory to be taken by such per-
sons, and in such mode as the Governor shall
designate and appoint, and the persons so ap-
pointed shall receive a reasonable compensation
therefor, to be paid outof the territorial treasury;
provided further, that the act shall not.be con-
strued to divest any member of the council, elected
at the first election in the Territory, of any rights
he may have acquired by virtue of that election,
who was elected from any county or district within
the present limits of the Territory of Idaho; and
that the annual election in the Territory for the
election of all officers -provided for by the laws
of the Territory, for the year 13G4, shall beheld
at such places as is now provided by law, and
such other places as the Governor may direct, on
the second Monday of October.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
athird time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CRAVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRANCIS MUNSON.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Francis Munson;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying
report,ordered to be printed.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. COX. I am directed by the Committee on
the Rules to report the following:
That rule 131, page 9^Batclay'«« Digest, b<> nmendf'd
ns to include adnmMOn to the floor of the lJou>.e. m addi-
tion 10 those named in that) -lie, ot ex-members of Oonpi
punldcd lhat f-aal cx-mcnibei-* ot Cougrt^.- subscribe a
statement to b<* with the Speaker that they have no
inteiesi directly or indirectly m the pio-eeimon of any
claim or bill betorc Congte^. and that they will not use the j
privilege ot then aumi-Mon lor Joi warding tne iiwrot oi
anyone bofoie Couyrens.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to strike oat the
proviso to that proposition.
Mr. COX. That pioviso will keep out more
than are now kept out. I know that it was a
crying sin when I fiist came to Congress seven
years ago that ex-members came within the bar
and occupied our seats writing letters, lobbying
claims, &c., until it became a nuisance, so that
wlitti we ii'inou'd to the new Hall we adopted
the rule excluding them
Mr. MORRILL. When my resolution,was
before the House for devoting the old Hall to the
reception of statuary, the gentleman objected that
the-statue of Jeff. Davis would be included.
Mr. COX. I never made that objection that I
remember.. I helped the gentleman with his prop-
osition. I always favored art in all its manifesta-
tions. 1 am sure of that.
I am very certain if the gentleman's party suc-
ceeds—and no doubt he thought it would until
Fremont appeared—there will be no danger of
Jeff. Davis's appearance here!
Mr. MORRlLL. I think the resolution should
be amended so as to require them to take the oath
of allegiance at any rate.
Mr. COX. I object to such an amendment; for
I thi nk the gentleman objeet is to break down this
resolution.
Mr. MORRILL. Not at all.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. 1 would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Vermont whether it would not be
well to require them.to take the oath which is re-
quired to be taken m Kentucky to enable a man
to vote—to support the Administration?
Mr. MORRILL. I think if they subscribe the
oath now required it will be sufficient.
Mr. COX. I do not think the gentleman is in
earnest. There is no danger of disloyal men and
secessionists referred to coming here just now,
While Generals Grant and Hancock are fighting
them. There is no dangesof disunionists or any
such obnoxious men coming here and taking any
part, at least upon this side of the House. And
if they came this resolution would not prevent
them from being properly arrested, properly tried,
and properly hung.
Mr. MORRILL. Would not the resolution
now admit the friend of the gentleman from Ohio,
who is now sojourning in Canada?
Mr. COX. Of course, it would not exclude
my former colleague; and the very first gentle-
man to welcome my former colleague would be
the gentleman from Vermont, owing to the old
friendship existing between them. He is not in-
culpated in this rebellion; and thegentleman from
Vermont himself has often acted with him in a
social and sometimes in a political way. lie does
not believe m a dissolution of the Union. These
amendments and such unkind remarks unjustly
prejudice and complicate this matter; and 1 insist
that it is not germane to make allusions of this
character upon such a question as this.
Mr. MORRILL. I insist upon my amend-
ment.
Mr. COX. The President himself said my
former colleague (Mr. Vallandigham) was not
guilty of anything; and the only reason he gave
for his action in exiling him was that he feared
that he might at some lime or other be guilty of some-
thing. So much for that fling at the absent.
Mr. ELDI11DGE. I am opposed to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Vermont,
for I think that if we will only leave the doors
open and induce Jeff. Davis to come here, that is
the only way we will ever catch him. I would
like to have him come here, so that we could catch
and hang him.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Is an-
other amendment in order?
The SPEAKER. An amendment to the amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. BALDW IN, of Massachusetts. In order
to complete, m my estimation, the amendment
offered by thegentleman from Vermont, I move
to add thereto the words "and who have never
been engaged in rebellion against the Govern-
ment."
The SPEAKER. Tire Chair would say that
the oata already required to be subscribed is to
lhat effect.
Mr. COFFROTH. I move to lay the resolu-
tion and amendments upon the tabic.
Mr. COX. I do not yield to any motion of
that kind.
This resolution came in the first place from the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Law,] whom I do
not see now in his seat. The motive he had in
presenting it was entirely of a social character,
lie expects some time or other to come back to
this House, and meet heie his old fiiends; and it
would not he either pleasant or comfortable for
an cx-iwmbfT to come here end be shoved off
iiiio the galleiy, when he could make his visit
dcl^luf-a by lutercouiso with his uld fiiends and
associates here upon- the floor. . We £ua'rd by
thisamemlmentagamstany wrongful interference
with the business of Congress upon thfc p&rt of
any ex-member. I hppe this matter will-be
treated seriously and properly, and that the res-
olution will be passed without amendment.' 1 de-
mand the previous question. '
Mr.-WASHBURNE, of lUinora. I hope tfcfe
gentleman will fyithdraw that call. •
Mr. COFFROTH. I move to'fay the tfe^ort
and amendments on- the table. •*
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say a, word or two.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my call in favor of the
gentleman from Illinois,.
Mr. COFFROTH. I withdraw my motion
also. . * .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
report will be laid on tHe table. I was compelled
to differ with a majority of the committed in rela-
tion to this matter. The present rule was adopted
after great deliberation* The whole subject, as
the Speaker will very well recollect, was referred
to a committee two or three Congresses ago, who
revised all the rules, and they recommended1 this
rule excluding from the floor of the H'ousfcalftiOst
everybody, and particularly ex-memberfe of Con-
gress. That rule was adopted by a very large
majority, and I think it has worked admirably.
I do not believe in this thing of admitting ex-
members of Congress and giving them a sort of
exclusive lobby privilege. I am aware of th,e pro-
vision in the proposed rule that they shall Cer-
tify, but I do not think that any gentleman who
came heie would want to be compelled to take
such an oath, and I am opposed to a modification
of this rule. I hope the motion of ths gentleman
from Pennsylvania will prevail, and that we shall
lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. COFFROTH. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 34, noes 60.
So the House refused to lay the whole subject
on the table. - • . :
The question recurred on the demand: for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, being first upon the mo-
tion of Mr. Moriull to add to the proposed rule
the following proviso:
Provided further, That such ex-members shall also take
and subscribe belore &oine competent officer the oath of
allegiance lequired of members of Congress, t.o fur as the
s>an e shall be applicable.
Mr. COX. I hope tlio gentleman will with-
draw that amendment.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman cannot with-
draw it unless by unanimous consent.
The question was taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to—ayes 54, noes 41.
The question recurred on the motion to strike
out the proviso as amended.
Mr. COX demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.^Cox and
Wasiiburne of Illinois were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 49, noes 49.
The Speaker voted in the negative.
So the proviso was not stricken out.
Mr. CRAVENS moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the whole subject was
laid on the table; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, from the Committee
on Rules, reported the following as an additional
rule:
The names of members not voting on any call -Qf the
yeas and nays >hall be recorded milie Journal immediately
after tho-*e voini« in the aliinnative and negative, and the
?ami' record shall be made in the Congressional Globe.
The amendment to the roles was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, moved to lecon-
sider the "vote by which the amendment was
agiced to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee oil Rules, repotted the following as an
amendment to come m at the end of rule 1-J5:
On Mond.tj oi uvuy week, aL the expiration oi one hour
