1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
firm, and to an innocent employ^ of the Government, by
those remarks.
The one thousand copies of the Statutes-at Large pro-
i aoa fv\f ill? flld Iftlnt fc-ACrtlllti'rtrt ia l£)krt
to them by law, Congress, upon the application ot the Sec
retary ofState, increased thenumbei to two thousand copies
of the tenth and eleventh volume*, by acts of March 3,1855,
(vol. ten, p. 646,) and Maieh 3,1859, (vol. eleven, p. 428.)
Under these acts we have primed and bound not only
the two thousand copies ofthetenth and eleventh volume?,
but the same numbei of the twelfth called lor by subsequent
enactment, solely for the use ofthe Govei nment, and hold-
ing them subject to its disposal. As provision was made
for the puichase of this number, we had reason to expect
them all to be taken, and the more so, since Congress has
ceased to supply new members with the Statutes at Large,
which was formerly done, and which practice we pre-
sumed would continue when we made the original contract.
The number of two thousand copies, then, having been
fixed by law, you will pcrceivc, sir, that neither the honor-
able Secretary of the Interior, his subordinates, nor my-
self had the powerto commit any irregularities in reference
to the number furnished to Government, and that the cer-
tain "odd volumes'-"—amounting to nearly eight hundred,
as you accurately stated—being the undelivered comple-
ments of volumes ten and eleven, were, as the Secretary
believed, provided for by law.
Tile action of Judge Usher was not, as you suiniised,
initiated under the suggestion of a clerk. Being myself m
the city I called upon "the Secretary in regard to the de-
liveiy of the volumes in question. The honorable Secre-
taiy of the Treasury was present, and might have heard, if
he did not, the whole conversation. I had held no com-
munication with any subordinate on the subject. It was
only when Judge Usherde^ired to give his instructions that
a eleik appeared at all in the transaction.
Subsequent to these insuuetions oideiing the volumes,
I learned who was the gentleman immediately chaiged with
the details of the business, and asked him if he could give
his peisorial attention to the prompt delivery of our boxes
from the lailway station to the Department. In the im-
mense pressure of public business at the Washington rail-
way station, such personal attention was absolutely neces-
sary to insuie not only the satety of the boxes, with-their
valuable contents, upon which there is no insurance fioni
fire or lain, but also to insure the prompt delivery of the
pamphlet laws, which wc ate under heavy penalties to de-
liver at a specified time. The gentleman kindly promised
to give Ins own attention to the matter out of office hours.
This was the explicit lequuement I made, and which he
abated me would be fulfilled, and J saw no impiopnety,
nftei he had diligent!} attended to my business in hi* un-
occupied hours, engaging ftansportation and paying my bills,
in asking his acceptance of some volumes of our own pub-
lications.
So far a-j his? fiansactions with my house aie concerned,
that gentleman is as innocent of receiving piivatc compen-
sation m his official ehaiacter as any person living, it i&
with extieme pain that I feel niy&elf constrained to defend
the hou^e of which I am a paitner from imputations of
such a nature as j our remarks suggest. TJiad hoped and
believed that my him was too well known, especially to
New England men. to require &uoh a defense.
Although our relations to the Government as the official
publishers of the Statutes at Laige weie not of our own
seeking, we have ever lelr a pride and saustaction in em-
bodying the national legislation in a form which, for abso-
lute accuracy and style of workmanship, is unequaled b\
the official statutes of any othei couutiy.
Moie than fifty thousand doiiais have been expended in
the piepiratiort of our stereotype plate®, which, in view of
the extiemely limited demand for the volumes from private
somcos, and the stoppage ot thesuppiy to membersof Con
giess, involves a laige amount of dead capital. Since our
contiact began foi supplying the eleven thousand copies of
the pamphlet edition of the acts ofCongiei-s, we have but
in two instances obtained additional compensation fot the
vast jnerease in the size of the pamphlet over the average
a! the time of the conttact. The necessary lea^latiou "of
Congic>s duimg thepa^t thiee yeais has swelled the in.-ig
nificant pamphlet of foimer times to a volume unthou«ht
of when the contract was made. The cost of material has
increased one hundred per cent., and labor moie than fifty
pur cent, and we aie sustaining losses upon the contract
price of our twelfth volume, and upon the pamphlet edi-
tion; yet in no single re>pect i  tbcie the slightest falling
otf in the fidelity of our work. Under the exposition with
which I have troubled you, I trust. Mr, that you u ill leview
the judgment you have foimed, and be convinced that my
hou*e has not departed from llio^e old-far>!iioned piinciples
of probity and integrity upon which it was established.
1 hf'vethe honor to be, sir, \oui obedient seivant.
CHARLES C. LITTLE,
Of Little, Brown 4 Co.
Hon. William Pitt Fl&sendkn.
Mr.FESSENDEN. I will only add, Mi. Pies-
ident, if further explanation is needed, that Mr.
Little states that ever since he has been in the
habit of delivering these laws, as lie is under a
penalty to deliver the pamphlet laws on a certain
day, and as the transportation is very uncertain,
he has been obliged to employ some person here
to look out for them and see that they are deliv-
ered and protected, as a little rain upon the boxes
or anything of that sort might injure them. For
that ieason, it has been necessary for him to have
a special person engaged to look out for them.
While the matter was under the control of the
State Department it was done by a porter there,
and after it was removed by law to the Interior De-
partment he went to that Department for the first
time, and after making his arrangements he turned
to a gentleman there and inquired if he would look
out for them, and he at once said that he would.
As there was necessarily a great deal of trouble
about it, and this business was attended to by the
gentleman out of office hours, Mr. Little did not
perceive any impropriety in making him a present
of some of his own publications. That is all there
is of that matter. The Senate will judge for itself
whether the vindication of the firm is not entirely
complete. a
WARDEN FOE THE JAIL.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate take
up the bill (S. No. 86) to authorize the appoint-
ment of a warden of the jail in the District of
Columbia. It was under consideration on Thurs-
day last, and nearly finished and passed over. .
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill was resumed as in Committee of
the Whole.
The bill was reported to theSenate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the engrossment and third reading of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 13; as follows:
Ytf AS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Conness, Dixon, Doo-
httlc, Fesscnden, Foot, Fostei, Grimes, Hale, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill, Ramsey, Sherman, Sum-
ner^Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Collamer, Davis,
Haidinp, Harris, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, McDougall, Nesmith, Powell, and Ten Eyck—13.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
thiid reading, and it was read the third time. A
message was afterwards received from the House
of Representatives announcing Us passage by that
body.
ADMISSION OF NEVADA.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up the bill to
enable the people of Nevada to form a constitu-
tion and State government.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ison
the motion of the Senator from Ohio to postpone
all other business for the purpose of taking up the
bill indicated by him.
Mr. WILSON. That means morning busi-
ness, does it not? Atone o'clock the bill to create
the rank of lieutenant general comes up by spe-
cial assignment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill indicated
by the Senator from Ohio, if taken up, will not
displace the unfinished business of yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee ofthe Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 96) to enable the, people of Ne-
vada to form a constitution and State government
and for the admission of such State into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States. The
bill authorizes the inhabitants of that portion of
the Territoi y of Nevada included in the following
designated boundaties to form for themselves, out
of that Territory, a State government, which State,
when formed, is to be admitted into the Union
upon an equal footing with the original States in
all respects whatsoever. The boundaries of the
new State are to be as follows: commencing at a j
point formed by the intersection of the thirty- j
eighth degree of longitude west from Washington
with the thirty-seventh degree of north latitude;
thence due west along the thirty-seventh degree
of notth latitude To the eastern boundary line of
the State of California; thence in a north westei ly
direction along the eastern boundary line of the
State of California to the forty-third degree of
longitude west from Washington; thence north
along the forty-third degree of west longitude and
the eastern boundaty line of the State of California
to the fot ty-second degree of north latitude; thence
due east along the forty-second degree of north
latitude to a point formed by its intersection with
the thirty-eighth degree of longitude west from
Washington; thence due south down the thirty-
eighth dagree of west longitude to the place of
beginning.
The bill also prescribes who shall be qualified
voters, and how the convention to form-us con-
stitution shall be constituted. The convention is
to meet on the fust Monday in July next, and |j
after its oiganization is to declare on behalf ofi,
the people of the Territory that they adopt the ij
Constitution of the United States. Thereupon |!
the convention will be authorized to form a con- It
stitution and State gov«rrimen&fdHhatT$n$#ry.
The constitution is to be republican, and.not re-
pugnant to the Constitution of the U-miegdhSc&tQs
and the principles of the Declaration of Itfdcpe&d-
• ence; and it is required that the convention shall
provide by an ordinance irrevocable wrtfeout'tfre
consent of the United Stateaand the people of the
State: first, that there shall be neither slavery
nor involuntary servitude in the State, .otji^r-wise
than in the punishment of crimes whereof the
party shall have been duly "convicted; secobd,
that perfect toleration of religious sentiment shall
be secured, and no inhabitant of the State sfeal!
ever be molested in person or property on account
of his or her mode of religious worship; &nd
third, that the people inhabiting the* Territory
agree and declare that they forever disclaipi all
right and title to the unappropriated public lahds
lying within the Territory, and that the same shall
be and remain at the sole and entire disposition
of the United States; and moreover, that each and
every tract of land sold by Congress-or donated
to actual settlers by the homestead act, or located
by the bounty land warrants of soldiers which
have been or may hereafter be granted, shall be
and remain exempt from any tax laid by the ord£r
or under the authority'of the State, whether for
State, county, township, or any other purpose
whatever, for the term of three years from and
after the respective days of the sale, location by
land warrant, or notice of settlement thereof under
the homestead act; and that the lands belonging
to citizens of the United States residing without
that State shall never be taxed higher than the
land belonging to residents thereof; and that no
taxes shall be imposed by the State on lands or
property therein belonging to, or which may here-
after be purchased by, the United States.
When formed, the new constitution is to be
submitted to the people for their ratification or
rejection at an election to be held on the second
Tuesday of October next, and the vote, jf a ma-
jority of legal votes shall be cast for the constitu-
tion, will be certified to the President of the United
States, together with a copy of the constitution
and ordinances; and thereupon it is to be duty
of the President of the United States to issue his
proclamation declating the State admitted into the
Union on an equal footing with the original States,
without any further action whatever on the part
of Congress.
The new State is to be entitled to one Repre-
sentative in the House of Representatives of the
United States; and the usual land grants are to be
made for the support of common schools, for the
election of buildings for legislative and judicial
purposes, penitentiary, and the construction of
roads, ditches, canals, and a general system of
irrigation. In the State of Nevada the laws of
.the United States, not locally inapplicable, are to
have the same force and effect as elsewhere within
the United States, and it is to constitute orre judi-
cial district, and be called the district of Nevada.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The biJI is-now
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
but the morning hour having expired, the unfin-
ished business of yesterday supplants it.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone the special
oider, so that we may proceed with this bill and
pass it at once, unless it is going to be debated. I
do riot suppose there will be any debate upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it will take
any time to pass the bill in regard to General
Grant. I do not believe there will be any discus-
sion about it. I am perfectly willing to take the
Senate committee's repmt lather than have a de-
bate about u.
Mr. WADE. I do not suppose this hill will
take a moment. These bills are not generally
debated. It is precisely similar to the bill that we
passed at the last session.
Mr. WILSON. I mustsay to the Senator from '
Ohio that we have given way several times in re-
gard to the bill reviving the grade oflieutenantgen-
eral, and I had it called up yesterday with a view
of making it the special order. 1 think we can
pass it in a few minutes, and then I will give way
to the Senator.
Mr. WADE. But 1 suppose we can pass this
bill in just as few minutes, and fewer still. If it
leads to debate I will not resist the taking up of
that bill. I ask that the special order be passed
over informally in order that we may see whether
this bill is going to be debated or not.
