2810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
after the Journal is read, unless the call of States and Ter-
ritories for bills on leave and resolutions has been earlier
concluded, the Speaker may entertain amotion to suspend
the rules.
The amendment of the rules was agreed to.
Mr. "VVASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment to the
rules was agreed to; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LANDS IN MISSOURI.
Mr, THAYER. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, for action at this time, House bill No.
435, concerning certain locations of lands in the
State of Missouri.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object.
VETO POWER IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. SPALDING called for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the consideration! as unfinished
business, of the bill (S. No. 285) to regulate the
veto power in the Territory of Washington; the
question being on the motion of Mr. Cole, of
Washington, to lay the bill on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hichey,
its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate had
passed the internal revenue bill, and a bill con-
cerning lands in the State of California, several-
ly with amendments; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the internal
revenue bill, with the Senate amendments just
reported from the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and ordered to be
printed. I was inclined to make a motion at once
to non-concur with the Senate amendments, and
to ask for a committee of conference. I suppose
that it would facilitate the passage of the bill and
save some time. But there are a number of im-
portant amendments; there are a large number
of amendments in all; and many of them are of
an important character, in which various mem-
bers of the House feel an interest. Therefore it
may be well that the bill shall be printed and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
which will act expeditiously upon it, and report
it back at a very early day.
Mr. WASH 13URNE, of Illinois. I was in hopes
thnt the gentleman from Vermont would have
made another motion which I think would be
more agreeable to the majority of the House; that
is, that the House non-concur in the ameitttments
of tho Senate, and that the amendments be re-
ferred in the first instance to a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. FENTON. I hope that the suggestion of
the gentleman from Illinois will be adopted by
the House. I am inclined to think that that
course will be generally acceptable to members,
and will save a good deal of time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to say that if the sub-
ject be not referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means these amendments should be consid-
ered in the House. I shall certainly object to a
general motion to non-concur in all the amend-
ments and to refer them to a committee of con-
ference. The eff^t would be to prevent the House
acting on the several amendments. I have no
objection to the reference of these amendments to
the Committee of Ways and Means; but other-
wise I shall demand a separate vote on each
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me
that a bill of this magnitude should not be left
entirely to a committee of conference. There is
too much at stake in it. It would be an entire
surrender of the functions of the House to deliver
it over bodily to a committee of conference with-
out any consideration of amendments of such
vast importance as those in this bill. I am there-
fore opposed to the proposition.
Mr. MORRILL. If it was the unanimous con-
sent of the House to refer the amendments to a
committee of conference at once, I would have no
objection; but as there is a difference of opinion
about it 1 hope the House will consent to have
the amendments printed and referred to tho Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say that if there be any general dissent to my
proposition I will withdraw it. But I think it
might as well go in the first instance to be ad-
justed by a committee of conference.
The question was taken on Mr. Morrill's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
So the Senate amendments were referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
VETO IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY—AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of Senate
bill No. 285, to regulate the veto power in the Ter-
ritory of Washington.
Mr. BEAMAN moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 45, not voting 65;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Baily, John D.
Baldwin,Befiman, Blaine, Jacob B.Blair, Iihss, Blow,ISout-
well, Broomall, Ambrose W.Claik, Freeman Clarlu*, Cobb,
Cole,Thomas T.Davis Dawns, Dixon,Donnelly, Dilggs, El-
iot, Farnsworth, Fenton, Frank, Gooch, Grinnell.Griswold,
Hale, Higby, Hooper, Asabel W. Hubbard, John II. Hub-
bard,'Hulburd, fngersoll, Jenckea, Julian, Kelley, Francis
W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Liulejohn, Lon?ycar, Mar-
vin, Mclndoe, Samuel F." flliller, Morrill, Daniel Morris,
Amos Myets, Leonaid Myers, Cliailes O'Neill, Ortb, Pat-
terson, Priee, Alexander il. Rice, John 11. Rice, Scofield,
Shannon, Sloan, Spalding, Starr,Thayer, Thomas, Tracy,
Upson, Van Valltenburgh, Ebhu II. Washburne, William
B. Washburn, Whalcy, Williams, Wilson, Windom, and
Woodbridge—72.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Wjlliam J. Allen, An-
cona, Augustus C. Baldwin, William G. Brown, Cbanler,
CofFroth, Cox, Cravens, Demson,Ede , Edgerton,Eldridge,
Finck, Ganson, Grider, Harding, Harrington, Herrick, Hoi-
man, Hutchins, VVilliam Johnson, Kalbneisch, King,
ICnajjp, Long, Marcy, McDowcll, McKinney, James R.
Morris, Morrison, Odcll, Noble, Pendleton, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Robinson, Hogers, Scott, William G. Steele, Strouse,
Sweat, Ward, Wheeler, Cbiltun A. White, and Joseph W.
Whin—45.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Ashley, Bax-
ter, Fiancis P. lllair, Boyd, lliandegee, Brooks, James
S. Blown, Clay, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Dawson,
Deming. Dumont, Eckley, English, Garfield, Hall, Benja-
min G. Harris, Charles M. Hn'rris, Hotchklss, PhihpJohn-
son, Kasson, Kernan, Law, Lazeur, I.e Blond,Loan,Mal-
lory, McAllister, Mcllride, McClurg, Middleton, William
11. Miller, Mooihead, Nelson, Norton, John O'Neill, Per-
ham, Perry, Pike, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Radford, William II.
Randall, Kdwaid H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Ross,
Sehenck, Smith, Smithers, Stebbms John B. Steele, Ste-
vens, Stiles. Stuart, Voorhees, Wadswortli, Webster,
Wilder, W infield, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and
Yeainan —Go.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion tore-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BANKRUPT BILL.
The SPEAKER stated that tho next business
in order was the consideration of the bankrupt
bill, on which the gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jenckes] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. JENClvES. Mr. Speaker, the select com-
mittee on a bankrupt law have agreed to certain
amendments, which will remove all the objections
to the bill which have been made on the floor. I
will send them to the Clerk's desk, and ask that
they be adopted.
The Clerk read the amendments, as follows:
First amendment:
Acid to section two the word':, i£ For or against each as-
slgnee: Provided, Thai nothing herein contained shall re-
vive a rightof action haired at tiie time such ashignee i.s ap-
pointed ;" so that it will t ead:
Sec. 2. And belt further enacted. That the several circuit
courts of the United States within and lor the dif-tnets where
the proceedings ui bankruptcy *>hall be pending, >hal| have
a geneial supeiintendence andjunsdiction ofallcases and
j questions arising umiei tins act; and, except when special
i provision is othenvw made, may, upon hill, petition, or
' other proper process, of any party aggrieved, hear and de-
1 terminc tho case as a court ot equity. The powers and
1 jutibdiction hereby planted may he exercised cither by
| said court, or by any justice thereof, m termtime or vaea-
i lion. Said circuit courts shall also have concurrent juiis-
; diction with the district courts of the same district, of all
| suits at law or m equity, which may or shall be brought by
i the assignee in bankruptcy against any person claiming
J an adverse interest, or by such person against sucli as-
| signee, touching any property or rights of propeity of said
I bankrupt transit'] able to or vested in such assignee; but
i no suit at law or m equity shall, 111 any ease, be rnaintairia-
! ble by or against such assignee, or by or against any per-
] son claiming an adverse interest, touching the propeity
i and rights of propeity aforesaid, in any court whatsoever k
; unless the same shall be brought within two years from
the time the ciiuse of action accrued for or against sirch
assignee: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall
revive a right of action barred at the tune buch assignee is
appointed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
On pages 56 and 57, m section forty-three, in lines thir-
teen and fourteen, strike out the words "or whose property
has been seized, attached, levied, or taken,"and insert the
words "and held in custody;" and on pvige 57, in lmc fif-
teen of the same section, strike out the word (l attach-
ment," and also in line twenty-two of the same section
strikeout the words "such debtor not having sufficient
property to pay his debts in full;" so that it will read :
Seo.43. Jind be it further enacted, That any person re-
siding and owing debis as aforesaid, who, after the passage
of this act, shall depait from the State, District, oi Terri-
tory of which he is an inhabitant, with intent to defraud
his creditors, or being absent shall, with such intent, re-
main absent; or shall conceal himself to avoid the scivice
of legal process in any action for the lecovery ot a debt or
demand provable under this act; or shall conceal oi le-
move any of his property toavoid its being attached,taken,
or sequestered on legal piocess; or shall make any as-
signment, gift, sale, conveyance, or transfer of his estate,
pioperty, rights, or credits, either within the United States
or elsevvheie, with intent to delay, defraud, or hinder his
creditors; or who has been anefied and held in custody
under or by virtue of mesne process, or execution, issued
out of any court of any State, District, or Territory, within
which such debtor resides or has property, founded upon a
demand in its nature provable against a bankrupt's estate
under this act, and (or a sum exceeding one bundled dol-
lars, and such process is remaining in Joiceand not dis-
charged by payment, or in any other manner provided by
the law of such State, District, or Territory, applicable
thereto, for a period of seven days; or has been actually
imprisoned for more than seven days in a civil action,
founded on conuact, for the sum of 3*1.00 or upwards, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Add to section forty-one, page 55, the following:
Provided, That whenever any corporation by proceed-
ings under this act shall bedeclared bankrupt,such decree
of bankruptcy shall work a forfeiture of all the franchises
of such corporation, and the affairs of such corporation
shall be wound up in the manner provided in tins act in
respect to natural persons.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FRANK. I move in section thirteen to
strike out " $250" and in lieu thereof to insert
" $500;" so that it will read:
Sec. 13. J2nd he it further enacted, That if any person
residing within the jurisdiction of the United Slates, owing
debts piovable under this act exceeding the amount of$500,
shall apply by petition, addressed to the judge of the judicial
district in which such debtor has resided or carried on busi-
ness for the six months next immediately pteceding the
time of filing such petition, or for the longest peiiod during
such six months, setting I'oith bl-> place of residence, las
inability to pay all lus debts in lull, his willingness to sur-
render ail his estate and effects for the benefit of his credit-
ors, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAVENS. I wish to enter my protest
against the passage of this bill, and I ask the gen-
tleman from Rhocle Island to yield to me for that
purpose.
Mr. JENCKES. I will yield to the gentleman
from Indiana for five minutes. My time is limited
or I would yield to the gentleman longer.
Mr. CRAVENS. As one of the select com-
mittee to whom was referred the subject of a bank-
rupt law, I have not been able to agree with the
majority of the committee in recommending the
passage of the bill now under consideration. The
few minutes allowed me to speak on the.subject
will not permit me to refer to ttie details of the bill,
but I have no hesitancy in saying that the com-
mittee have labored to avoid many of the defects
found to exist in former laws on the subject of
bankruptcy; and with all the pains taken to per-
fect this bill I believe it will be found to be radi-
cally defective and impracticable.
I have listened to the able speeches made in
favor of the measure, and after giving the subject
all the attention that I could bestow on it, I have
come to the conclusion that this bill ought not to
pass. I am aware that it is considered by some
very ungracious to offer any opposition to a
measure of this kind, which is claimed to be for
the relief of a meritonous but unfortunate class of
our fellow-citizens. I have heard,and not without
feelings of sympathy, the eloquent appeals that
have been made in behalf ofthe oppressed debtor.
I would not be insensible to*those appeals if I
could. The distresses of mankind never fail to
awaken m my mind emotions of sympathy. I
have never in my life collected one dollar by
suing, and I hope I never may be compelled to re-
sort to that mode to collect an honest debt. It has
always been the polu-y of those who have plead
