1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2&1
before Congress for the passage of bankruptbills
to portray the deep distress of the unfortunate
debtor. Not more so on this occasion than has
been the custom. In these times ofcivil commo-
tion justice must be consulted, and our legisla-
tion should conform to its most rigid rules; and
by those rules I have attempted to judge of the
wisdom and expediency of this measure, and I
find it condemned.
I believe the bill is not warranted by the Con-
stitution of the United States, it is ex post facto,
and it does impair the validity of contracts, which
is forbidden by the Constitution.
I am not prepared to believe theframers of that
instrument ever designed that the debtor should
have it in his power to release himself by his own
actand on his own motion, from his honest debts,
incurred by valuable considerations received, and
Fet that is what this bill in substance proposes.
think it unsettles the very foundation of our
whole social system, and adds another incentive to
profligacy and reckless speculation,,which now
rages like a fever and deranges the public mind to
an alarming extent.
I am not satisfied that this bill, should it pass
and become a law, will not be rendered odious
before the people on account of the facilities it will
afford the dishonest debtor to release himself from
his obligations to pay. That it may resulttothe
advantage of some honest and worthy men I will
not pretend to say; but they will be the last and
the smallest in number who will enjoy its immu-
nities. The reckless spendthrift, the speculator,
and the stock-jobber are the men who will be the
first, I apprehend, to take the benefit of the law.
1 think it safe to say that the western people, with- '
out respect to party, do not desire the passage of
the law. There have been no petitions from the
West, to my knowledge,asking Congress topafe
a bankrupt bill. Such petitions are confined to
commercial localities, and it is not a little strange
that those localities where the Government has
expended the largest amount of the public money
during this war are those from whence come the
most urgent demands for the law. Thousands
there have grown rich on the misfortunes of the
Government, and thousands more have determ-
ined to become wealthy without going through
the slow and painful process of obtaining riches
by economy and honest industry. Remove that
dread of perpetual obligation to pay debts con-
tracted, and will not the young and ambitious be
tempted to embark in gambling in stocks 011 Wall
street and elsewhere more readily? If the Gov-
ernment will stand ready to release whenever the
unfortunate debtor has failed, what will there be
to restrain him from the most reckless adventures?
To my mind, the effect of this bill will be demor-
alizing.
Those who have urged the passage of the meas-
ure have not failed to refer us to the precedents
furnished by the English statutes on the subject
of bankruptcy. 1 am satisfied that, on examin-
ation of the statutory law of England running
through a period of more than three hundred
years, you will find 110 law which can be claimed
as furnishing a precedent for this bill. The main
feature and object in all English law on the sub-
ject of bankruptcy has been to protect the credit-
or, and the relief to the debtor has been merely
incidental.
The American people have had ample experi-
ence on this subject. It is not a new theme to
them; they have on more than one occasion passed
judgment against the measure. In 1800 a bank-
rupt bill was passed for a limited period, but be-
fore the five years' time for which it was limited
had expired the bill was repealed. In the troubled
condition of the finances of the country generally,
the subject was renewed in Congress in 1819-20,
but it failed to receive the sanction of Congress.
The old Whig party made a bankrupt law one
of the links in the great chain of measures which
were to give relief to the country and the people
on the tuumph of that party to power in 1840.
The party did triumph, and a bankrupt bill was
passed at the extra session of Congress in 1840.
But so glaring were the frauds practiced under
the operations of that law that it was repealed
the next year by a large majority in both Houses
of Congress, but not until it had rendered odious
all who had favored the law, and infamous nearly
all who had the benefit of it. To such extent was
this the case in my section of the State of Indiana
that I know of no insult a man will resent quicker
than a charge that he had taken the benefit of the
bankrupt law. We want no such law. And
especially is this true with the agriculturists of
the West, and I believe it true of that entire in-
terest in the western States. We have no objec-
tions to your adopting such regulations by your
States as may not necessarily encroach upon our
rights. If your commercial interests demand
more protection than you now have, go to your
States for relief, but do not ask us to consent to
the passage of a law which will unsettle all our
business and social relations.
I do not hesitate to predict that if this bill passes,
as I now believe it will, the people will demand
its repeal and it will be repealed before two years.
This is not a proper time to pass such a law as
this. The general depreciation of the currency is
practically accomplishing all that could reason-
ably be desired by the unfortunate debtor. When,
paper depreciates to 200, as it will be in a few
days, half your debt is paid by the operation of
your legal-tender laws.
Iam opposed to the principles of the bill now
before us, and shall vote against it on its final
passage. But these are revolutionary times, and
I suppose the bill will be passed through, and
when you have taught the people to repudiate
their individual debts you must expect there will
be less compunction about repudiating national
debts.
Mr. FARNSWQRTH. I simply rose to say
that the gentleman from Indiana is mistaken.
Petitions have been sent to me to be presented to
the House for the passage of a general bankrupt
law.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 desire to say that a large
number of petitions have come from my district
earnestly urging the passage of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman from
Rhode Island to yield to me 111 order that I may
move as an amendment to this bill a provision
which shall include municipal and a4ber corpora-
tions.
Mr. JENCKES. 1 cannot yield for that pur-
pose. It will not do to destroy the local govern-
ments of any portion of the country. It would
diminish by just so much the administrative and
executive power of the Government, and leave
the territory within a municipal jurisdiction with-
out any government.
Mr. WILSON. I think all that difficulty could
be obviated by a section which I have prepared
with special reference to that point. I certainly
do not feel like sustaining the previous question
upon this bill, or voting f<ir it, unless an oppor-
tunity can be had to amend the bill in this and
some-other respects. I understand the commit-
tee at one time agreed to this principle; and all
the difficulty the gentleman from Rhode Island
suggests can be avoided, and it should be done.
Mr. JENCKES. At the request of the gentle-
man from Maine I yield to him five minutes of
my time.
Mr. SWEAT. I have but a few words to say
upon the subject. I have heretofore had my share
of prejudice against what are called bankrupt bills
—bankrupt bills as they have been heretofore
passed and placed upon our statute-books. But
I think this is of a different nature from any bill
before presented to the Congress of this country;
and I really hope-it will become a law, and if
there are any imperfections in it, let them be rem-
edied by future legislation. I am in favor of the
passage of this bill because it is clearly in accord-
ance with the provisions of the Constitution, and,
m my judgment, is demanded by the best inter-
ests of the country. When the framers of the
Constitution declared that Congress should have
power to "establish uniform laws on the subject
of bankruptcies throughout the United States,"
they intended not only to give the power, but to
make it the duty of Congress to pass such a law.
As it has been said, the law of 1800 was a law
more especially for the benefit of the creditor than
the debtor. The law of 1840 was especially for
the benefit of the debtor, disregarding in a great
measure the interests of the creditor. It does
seem to me that gentlemen upon the committee
who have had this subject under consideration
have for the first tune met this question; and 1
think they have presented it in such a way as
needs only to be thoroughly examined and under-
stood to receive the support of very many gsntle-
men in this House who have heretofore-opposed
the passage of a bankrupt bill. " 5
Now I would ask the gentleman front Indiana,
who lias just spoken, and who claimB incorrectly
that the demand to be relieved from their honest
debts comes alone from New England, whose in-
terests are in opposition to the passage of a com-
prehensive, fair, and just bankrupt bill, such as is
provided for by the Constitution ? The onl y two
classes of persons, as I view it, "who can be op-
posed to the passage of a bankrupt bill under the
Constitution are the grasping, merciless, and
soulless creditors—and there are always more or
less of those persons in every community who
will never consent to the discharge of a debtor,
though a vast majority of his creditors may be
willing—and on the other hand the dishonest
debtor. Now the dishonest debtor who has means
at hand is not t'he man who will come forward
and ask for the benefits of this law; but one of
the peculiar advantages of this law is that it per-
mits the creditor to force the dishonest debtor to
have his goods, effects, and credits transferred to
the proper assignee, and have his whole affairs
investigated by and be subject tojudicial action.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Cravens]
thinks that there is no necessity for the passage
of this bill now. I should be very glad to believe
'as he does, that there is no necessity for it, and
that there will be no necessity for it in the future.
If he is correct I submit that the bill, being upon
the statute-book, can do harm to no one. If tl^re
is no necessity for it, no msfn will claim its priv-
ileges or be subject to its conditions and obliga-
tions. But I do not agree with him; I think the
necessity for its passage is apparent to every man,
and more now than ever before, when there is
such an increased demand for all the productive
energies of the country, occasioned by the ex-
haustions of the war.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SWEAT. I did not understand that the
gentleman limited me to five minutes.
Mr. JENCKES. My time is limited; but I
will yield to the gentleman three minutes more.
Mr. SWEAT. There is one point I have not
heard publicly asserted upon this floor, but which
I know is asserted outside. The bill is said to be
contrary to the history of this country. It is said
to be undemocratic. I claim to have always be-
longed to n party that has stood between the Con-
stitution and its assailants, giving them unflinch-
ing battle from the earliestdays of ourGovernment
down to the present time, and I support this be-
cause it is a constitutional and necessary measure.
It is said that there is no man who voted for the
law of 1841 who is not now dead politically. I
have yet to know of any man whose political po-
sition or life is of sufficient importance to weigh
against measures like this. This bill seems to be
one of the very few designed for the benefit of
white men during this Cohgress, and I see no
good reason why the claims and interests of one
hundred thousand white debtors, embracing many
of our most valuable business men, should not
receive the favorable consideration of this House.
If my political life and position are to be sacri-
ficed for sustaining such a measure as this, then
I have only to say that I shall esteem it a sacrifice
made for a very worthy and noble object.
As my time is limited, I cannot of course ex-
tend my remarks. I can but express the hope
that this bill may become a law. Place it upon
your statute-book and you will give buoyancy,
hope, and strength, for honest, useful effort, to
tens of thousands who can never be released from
their thralldorn in any other way, and whose un-
restrained, services would be of invaluable benefit
to the whole country.
Mr. CRAVENS.^ I desire to say one word in
reply to the gentleman. I have not charged that
this is a political or party measure. Oil the con-
trary, I am glad to know it is not. In my dis-
trict 1 know no one, either Democrat or Repub-
lican , who asks the passage of such a bill as this.
I know of no man of any party or of any shade
of party who demands its passage.
As a member of the " special committee" I de-
sire to say that I have had no opportunity to ex-
amine the provisions of thi^ bill. It was con-
sideied in my absence. Hence I have urged no
objections to the details of the bill. Perhaps it is
as pcrfcct as gentlemen could mak£ it.
to it, as 1 did to the bill of 1841, for it
1 object
proposes
