1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18215'
cannot live without light, but they can live with-
out wine.
Now, let mo say to that gentleman that the
B'ble is full of denunciations against those who
drink strong drink. 44 Look not upon the wine"
ih written in the'sacred word. When the gen-
tleman tells oie that there is nothing in the Bible
againstdrinking, I quote to him 44 Woe to the man
that putteth the bottle to his neighbor's lips."
Mr. M ALLORY. The gentleman did not un-
d'u stand me correctly to say there was nothing
in the Bible against using strong drink to excess.
I said there was nothing against using it for the
44 stomach's sake" and for physical infirmities.
I understand as well as he the impropriety of
using it to excess.
Mr. PRICE. "Look not upon the wins," is
tin* authority.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a question of order.
My question of order is that seimons arc out of
order in this House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to another ques-
tion of order: that when the gentleman quotes
Smptuie he ought to quote it coriectly. Tiie ex-
piession is, 44 Look not upon the wine when it is
red;'' that is, when drugs have been introduced
into it. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of ordei.
Mr. PRICE. I am inclined to differ with the
Chair, though I am obliged to him for overruling
the question of order; hut I am inclined lo think
that sermons aie out of order here. 1 look upon
'tins question here purely as one of revenue, and
1 honestly believe this article will bear a duty of
ten, U\ i-iiiy, and even thirty cents as well as other
articles which we. have heavily taxed. The coun-
tiy, sir, will hold us responsible while we tax the
necessaries of life if we do not also lay a heavy
tax upon the luxuiies.
[Here the hammer fell.]
i\lr. MORRILL moved that the committee rise
in order to clo^e debate.
The motion wasagieed to.
So the committer rope; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiiburxe, of Illi-
nois, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration', and
particularly House bill No. 405, to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. MORRILL moved that all debate in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the paia^raphs relating to wine be closed in
nnc minute after the committee shall resume the1
consideration of the special oider.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Commit fee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. WAStiBURNii, of Illinois, in the chair.)
Mr. SHANNON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. PuiCE'h amendment was then rejected.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move to insert after the
word 44 wine" thp words '* not made from cur-
inuts, ihubarb, gooseberries, strawberries, or
blaekbf n ies."
Mr. KASSON. 1 suggest to the gentleman to
modify bis amendment so as to make it read, " not
made from currants, ihubarb, or berries."
Air. HOTCHKISS. 1 accept the modifica-
tion.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. HOL.vtAN. I move to strike out4< twenty-
fiv," and ins'-rt 14 fifty," so that it will read:
On j
■thei Windsor liquor* known or denominated as
pmdueed bv being reeufied or mivfcl with other
•-pi til-, oi muo winch any matter whatever mav lie infused
to be s=old as vvimc, oi h\ <un oilier name, and not otherwise
piovidert tor in tins act". a flut} ot fi,t> cents per gallon.
Mr. NORTON moved to make it one dollar.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The committee divided on Mr. Holmav's
amendment; and there were—ayes 66, noes 29.
Mr/MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered. *
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. f move to insert before the
word " matter" the word "injurious," so that
it will read, "into which any injurious matter
whatever may be infused to be sold as wine,"&c.
The amendment was disagreed to. <-•
The Clerk read, as follows:
Provided, That the returns, assessment, and collections
of the duties on such-wines shall be subject to the regula-
tions of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and any
prison who shall willingly and knowingly sell or offer for
bale any <uich wine made after the passage of this act, upon
which the duty herein imposed lias not been paid,oi which
has been haudtiiently cvad<d, Khali, upon conviction
thereof, be -ufoiect to a penalty of $100 or to impugnment
not exceeding two ye:u-? at the discretion of the couit.
Mr. A.MYERS. 1 move toadd the following:
Provided, That the untermented juice of the grape before
it ift bottled and etude peuolcum shall pay no tax, anything
in this act to the contiaiy notwithstanding.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Cleik read, as follows:
C)u luisof all descriptions, when made up or manufac-
tured, a duty of iive per cent, ad vvioiem.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to strike out44 five"
and insert " ten." Mr. Chairman, these furs are
purchased only by the lich whocan afford to pay
for them,and the tax ought to be at least ten per
cent.
Mr. KERNAN. I observe that bootsand shoes
and clothing are taxed five per cent, ad valorem,
and the tax ought to be higher upon furs. It
ought at least to be ten per cent.
All. MORRILL. 1 move to make it 44 four"
instead of" five." I desire to savthis: the pro-
cess of manufacturing these furs is the employ-
ment of women, and does not amount in many
instances to five pei cent, on the furfc; and if we
levy a duty of five per cent, upon this manu-
facture, U will be one of the most extravagant
duties in this act. This is all it could bear, and
pei haps more than it could bear.
Mr. SC0FIELD. 1 rise to oppose the amend-
ment. 1 ask my fiiend from Iowa to withdraw
his amendment. The people who wear expens-
ive furs cannot afford to pay ten per cent, on
them. The gentleman from Veimont says that
it is most burdensome, and his tone is more do-
lorous and his manner more affectionate when
pleading fo# these 'aristocrats than at any other
time during the progress of the bill. The people
who wear these furs cannot afford to pay more
than five per cent., but the poor people's light
can pay one hundied and fifty per cent, duty!
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. Grinn*i;ll's amendment was then agieed to.
The Cleik read, as follow*:
Unready made clothing, booth and --hoes, cap**, hats, and
bonnets, oi other aitiele-ot dre'-> for the wear ot men,
women, oi cbildien, live pur cent, ad valorem: Pionded,
That any tailor, boot or shoemakei, hat, cap, oi honnet-
m<ik 'u lailliiiei, or dre.-s-m,\l:ci, inanufaetuiuig any of the
foregone tooniei a^euMom woik and not for sale generally,
who shall make affidavit to the asse-sor oi afsi^tant as-
sessor that the eutue amount of such manufactures fo
made doc- not exceed the sum of $000 per annum, fchall be
exemptfrom duty ; when exeecdmg^GOO per annum, aduty
of throe percent, ad vaioian on the excess above $600.
Mr. MORRILL. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move to strike out
44 three" and insert " five."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I move to strike
out " five" and insert " three." I* will remind
the gentleman that rendy-made clothing is worn
almost exclusively by the poorer class to which
! he has leferrcd. 'The proposition that they shall
I pay tts much tax upon their clothing as is paid
1 upon custom wouk is not right.
: Mr. FENTON. 1 hope the amendment will
| not prevail. The tax as it now stands is thtee
per cent, on ready-made clothing, and one per
I cent, oncustom-work. There would be some pro-
priety in putting up the fax on ready-made cloth-
| tag. it is a prosperous interest.
I The amendment was disagieed to.
| Mr. MORRILL. 1 move to amend, in line
|| three hundred and eighty-three, by inserting, after
the word " foregoing,'5 the woid ''articles," a
mere verbal amendment.
The amendment wat>  <rreed to.
Mt BOIJTWELL I move to amend, in hue
three hundred and eighty-two, by inserting, after
the words " dress-maker," the word " exclusive-
ly."
The amendment was agreed to, -
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amende in line
four hundred and fifteen, by inserting, before the
word " duties," the word " import."
The amend'ment'was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend, in line
tjiree hundred and ninety-two, by striking' out
44 and" and inserting ^which."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I would ask the gentleman
from Vermont whether, in thi&paragraph, extend-
ing from line three hundred and ninety-six to line
four hundred and ten, imposing a tax on various
articles of cotton, silk, wool, flax, hemp, and
worsted manufacture, there is any exception
made of cloth manufactured by a family for fam-
ily use? I think it was intended to except that.
Mr. MORRILL. There is-ageneral exception
elsewhere which covers that case.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend in line four hun-
dred and twelve by striking out44 five" and in-
serting " twenty-five," so as to make the tax on
diamonds, emeralds,&c., twenty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by making
the amount ten per cent.
Mr. MORRILL, I trust the committee will
not put such a duty upon any kind of business
as will drive it out of the country. I think they
have virtually done that in reference to furs. 1
ask for a division upon this question by tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman arid
Mr. Morrill were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 58, noes 34.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to go back to the
last paragraph,and movcan amendmentby taking
India-rubber goods out of the list of goods taxed
five per cent., and making it seven per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I object to going I nek. I
now move to amend in line four hundred and
twenty-four by striking out " twenty-five" and
inserting " thirty;" so that the clause will read:
On tobacco, cavendish, plus, twist, and manufactured
tobacco not otherwise provided for, of all descriptions,
(not including snuff, cigars, fine-cut, smoking, tobacco
made exclusively of stems and not sweetened or otherwise
prepared, nor shorts on other refuse separated fiom fine-cut
tobacco m the piocessof manufactuung,) and on stemmed
tobacco, thnty cents per pomrtt.
Mr. KERNAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the amount to thirty-five cents
The committee will observe that in line four hun-
dred and thirty-two fine-cut tobacco is taxed
thirty-live cents. I hold in my hand aletter from
a gentleman familiar with alt these matters, and
yet not engaged in either branch of this trade, in
which he .says:
" This bill i.- in one respect partial, and should not be ^o.
It declares twentv-five cents per pound as the tax on plug
oi cavendish tobacco and thirty-five cents on fine-cut to-
Imcco. I do not believe the committee intended to do any
injustice to iIiohc engaged in the manufacune of fine-cut
tobacco, aud-yet that would be the effect of this provision
of the brtt. Hie tav should be the same on both, even
though the highest sum should be adopted."
Mr. MORRILL. I see the gentleman from
Pennsylvania over the way, [Scofield,] who
made so eloquentan appeal for the Irishmen, who
mostly use plug tobacco, is not now m his seat,
or I would leave the defense of this matter with
him. The committee thought we ought to put a
lower tax upon this kind than upon fine-cut,
which is mostly used by gentlemen, and is put up
in fancy papers and tinfoil wrappers. We thought
when put up in these nice parcels and packages
it would bear a little higher rate duty than the
plus. It was intended originally to have reported
thirty cents on plug and cavendish.
Mr. KERNAN'. I will modify my amend-
ment and make the tax thirty-four, in orier that
I may say a few words.
My esteemed friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Mallory,] and my respected friend from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] have alluded to me as
entitled to speak for Irishmen, and have by good-
natured allusions to their real or supposed peculi-
arities raised a smile at their expense. I accept
the position. Whether entitled or not to apeak
