THE OONGpRESSIOML : QBOBE.
February 24,
rtmnder-in-Chief of the armies through his sub- j
ordinate, General Halleck. Do you want to ac-
complish either one of these purposes? Younaust
accomplish one or the other of them by the pass-
age of this bill. Is it worth while to pass this
btiH'for the'purpose of accomplishing either of
these'ends?' '
I do not propose to enter upon any criticism of
any o't the campaigns of any military officer. I
dtrnot wish tb detract from, and I am not going
Co-'seek- elevate, any one of them. I am the last
man who 'would pluck a single leaf from the vic-
tor's chaptet that adorns General Grant's brow.
Bat-if;I comprehend the character of that man,
he is a man for action, for field service, for active
duty, and not a mail for the council chamber.
I am satisfied that that is the estimate svhich
he places upon himself; and I am also satisfied
that there is no man in the whole country who
■would deplore the passage of this bill mowe than
General Grant himself. Why, sir, since this bill
Was introduced by a distinguished Representative
in Congress at the other end of the Capitol, Gen-
eral Grant has written a letter to him, which that
gentleman has seen fit to cause to be published,
in' which he says:
"You should recollect that I have been highly honoied
already by my Government, ami do not ask or fool that I
deserve anything jnoie in the shape of honors or promo-
tion. A success over the enemy is what i desire above
everything else, and 1 desire to hold such an influence over
those uudci my command as u> enable me to use them to
the best advantage 10 secure this end."
That letter shows that General Grant is a man
of good common sense, i believe that the effect
of the passage of this bill will be to undermine
and counteract the influence which he is now able
to exercise over the officers in the field, and that
it will have a tendency to demoralize a portion of
the service.
It is said that wo want to pass this bill in order
to got rid of the officer who exorcises the duty of
a commander-in-chief here at Washington. 1 al-
lude to General Halleck. I believe the argument
was urged by some gentleman the other day that
they wanted a live general in the council cham-
ber; they wanted a man of action; they wanted a
man who would prevent the army of the Potomac
oscillating back and forth between the Rappahan-
nock and the Potomac. Sir, have you any assur-
ance, in the fust placc, that General Grant will be
any better councilor than you have now; and, in
the second place, are you assured that the bad
councils here result from this person whom you
condemn, or do they proceed from some other
head ? Do you condemn General Hallcck for the
vidiculousexpedition that has recently been made
into Florida, where wc have for the third time
captured Jacksonville, which we have twice be-
fore abandoned because itwas not worth holding:
—an expedition which the newspaper press seem
to have received instructions to praise, but which
we all know has lesulted in the-mere Rapture of
a rebel qu n ri e rm a ste r's-pri vat e circular 'containing
information that we already knew, namely, that
there was a great deal of destitution in the rebel
army ? Do you hold (general Halieek losponsibln (
for that* most ridiculous expedition of General 1
Banks, in which we spent more than forty or fifty
million dollars in sending nine months' men down
to !New Orleans, which resulted simply in the
capture of Port Hudson, that would have fallen
the day after Vieksburg fell if there had been no
force jii front of it5
Mr. President, let us be sure that we are con-
demning the right man when we attempt to remove
by legislation one geneial and substitute another
in his place. Understand me: 1 am no advocate
of General Halieek. 1 do not stand here as his
special defender. He has given me no particular
cause to admire him ; but 1 have an instinctive love
of fair play, and I want to see justice done to
General Hullcck,as I want to see justice done to
the humblest individual in the country. I think
that until we have more thorough information on
this subject, it is not fair, it is not magnanimous
even to an enemy to condemn him as it is pro-
posed to condemn him heie.
If General Grant is not brought here and put
into the council chamber, he will be retained in
the field where he now is,and still, under the bill,
if we pass it as it now stands, be commander-in-
chief of the armies of the United States. Do you
want to accomplish that result? Do you want a
general in a local command on the banks of the
Mississippi river or in the mountains of Tennes-
see, and yet exercising a general command over
all the armies of the United States? That will be
the effect of the bill if you pass it.
If you do not bring him here, then, under the
bill as it stands, he is to be commander-in-chief
of all the armies of the United States, and remain
where he is. Do you suppose it is possible that
he can properly conduct the armies of the United
States, that he can properly control the army of
the Potomac, situated as he is at the foot of Look-
out mountain ? What means of information has
he, what channels of communication has he by
which he will be able to obtain that information
that would justify him in directing the movements
of an army here, or to control the movements of
General Gillmore on the coast of South Carolina,
or to control the action of General Banks in Lou-
isiana?'
If one or the other of those two alternatives
does not follow, it follows that he will remain
where he now is, but will be subject to and con-
trolled as he nowisby this very General Halleck,
whom you contemn. Is thatali the purpose you
have in passing this bill? Is it worth while for
us to establish this precedent of creating lieu-
tenant generals for the purpose of giving General
Grant an empty honor? I trow not.
Mr. President, if I had not any other objection
to the passage of this bill it would be enough for
me that it is going to establish a precedent which,
before this session of Congress is adjourned, will
be followed by Congress, and we shall have a
batch of lieutenantgeneralsadded on to this one, if
we create the office. Sir, do not imagine that the
gentlemen who are now major generals are not
tolerably ambitious, and that they are not look-
ing forward with intentness and earnestness to
our action here, not particularly because they de-
sire General Grant promoted, but because they
believe this promotion will be a precedent by
which they themselves can secure the same sort
of advancement that they now desire for General
Giant. I am not prepared to do this. I am very
well satisfied that a man can perform the duties
of commanding an atmy just as well with the rank
of major general as with the rank of lieutenant
geneial. 1 believe that the payof $6,000, which
General Grant now receives, is adequate to the
rank and to the position which he holds, and that
it is not necessary for me to assist in running the
hands of Congress into the national Treasury for
the purpose of giving him between thirteen and
fourteen thousand dollars a year. I have come
here this session with the determination to assist
in creating no new office, and to assist in increas-
ing the salary of no officer that now exists; and
I do not propose to commcnce in the manner
which is now proposed.
I have thus, Mr. President, very briefly stated
the reasons why I shall vote against this bill in
any shape in which it can be presented. I do not
believe that the best interests of the country will
be subserved by it. [ believe weare getting along
well enough as we now are; and 1 know that the
best friend's of General Grant in his army do not
believe it is for the interests of Geneial Grant or
the inteiests of the country that this rank should
be conferred upon him.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I am sur-
prised that the Senator from Iowa should oppose
this bill in the modified form in which it is re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs.
I hoped there would be no further opposition to
it. The amendment reported from that commit-
tee so alters the bill that its effect is simply to
confer upon General Grant the rank and title of
lieutenant geneial, but leaving him under the
command of thePicsident, and only placing him
in supreme command within the department or
district in which he is for the time being. I am
informed by high military authority that the bill
is now so framed as not to throw any impediment
in the way of the proper command of the Army
through any officer who may be designated by
the President of the United States as chief of his
staff. The present position of General Halleck
is, properly speaking, not that of commander-in-
chief of the Army. He is lather tfie chief of staff
of the President of the United States, who by the
Constitution is made the Commander-in-Chief.
He is the adjutant general, in a particular sense,
of the President of the United States. The or-
ders of the President are issued through General
Halleck. They could be issued through a major
in the Army to the highest officer in the Army.
The passage of this bill will not, therefore, im-
pede the military operations of the Government.
It will not place General Grant in command of
General Banks. It will not place him in com-
mand of the army of the Potomac, unless the
President so requires. Nor will it prevent orders
being issued through General Halleck to General
Grant. It amounts only to the high compliment
and honor of out-ranking all major generals within
the limit of the command assigned to General
Grant.
JNow, the question is whether General Grant is
deserving of this cotnpliment. It was painful to
me to hear the Senator from Iowa ignore the great
services rendered by General Grant. He depre-
ciates these services as compared with those ren-
dered by General Scott. Why, sir, when Gen-
eral Scott commanded the Army of the United
States in Mexico, there was, if 1 remember right,
but one major general beside himself, and there
were only four or five brigadier generals in the
Army of the United States. The whole of the
army of General Scott would scarcely form a
corps in the grand army of General Grant. The
Mexican war furnishes no parallel to the vast and
complicated campaigns of General Grant, either
in the numbers engaged, the physical difficulties
overcome, or the enemy defeated. •* •
The Senator says if we make one lieutenant
general, it will be followed by others. If any
officer of the Army of the United States can give
us such a series of victories as General Grant has
done, I am willing to make him a lieutenant gen-
eral. I trust that other brave and skillful officers
may be ahle to win such distinction. One more
General Grant would utterly destroy the rebel-
lion and bring us peace again. How gladly would
our people confer these high honors if only we
have the victories which lead to them.
I ask Senators, on what does this honor de-
pend? The course of General Grant has been
successful almost without exception. It has been
brilliant, and maysvell bear comparison with the
achievement of any officer in this or any war by
this country. It is true his first battle of Belmont
resulted in a repulse, but it was a bold attack,
justified by the country, and only defeated when
the enemy had brought into the field largely su-
perior numbers. It gave heart and spirit to the
country at a time of great depression, and paved
the way for undoubted successes.
Then his movement up the Cumberland and
Tennessee, the battles at Foit Henry and Fort
Donelson, and afterwards the battle of Shiloh—
these were victories of which we had no example
in this war before. They were victories won at
a time when the whole country was under dis-
couragement, when the army of the Potomac had
been defeated or lay slumbering under its new
general. They were the first clarion notes in this
war, and the victory at Fort Donelson has scarcely
been exceeded since.
But look a little further. In my opinion, there
is not in our history a campaign similar to that
about Vieksburg. Vieksburg had been assaulted*
by land and by water. It had been declared to
be impregnable. Our enemy so boasted and con-
soled themselves for many losses by their new
Gibraltar. The papers that came back to us from
Europe declared that Vieksburg was impregna-
ble and no force of the United States could cap-
ture it; and yet after discouraging failure a grand
campaign was planned by Geneial Grant with his
distinguished subordinates faraway from Wash-
ington, without any aid or assistance whatever
from Washington. 'Soon we hear that with the
hearty and important aid of the Navy he had
run the gunboats by the forts, had marched his
army around on the left bank of the Mississippi,
had crossed the Mississippi, and then commenced
that unparalleled campaign, in which, after a se-
ries of battles, each one of which was a great vic-
tory, he finally came into the rear of Vieksburg,
besieged and captured it. In these successive
battles and victories he captured or destroyed an
army greater than his own, divided in twain the
territory occupied by the enemy, and opened to
our commerce the gieat artery of the West. All
that the most sanguine had hoped for he had ac-
complished. But this wasnotall. General Rose-
crans, his equal in rank and command, had been
defeated at the battle ofChickamauga,and his army
