APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 30,
38th Gong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
biliti^s incurred under any former act: Provided
further, That the foregoing provisions of this
section shall not be held or construed to deprive
any person of the right to retain in his custody
and possession and use for< anjy lawful purpose,
any engraved or transferred plate, block, or elec-
trotype, or. any die, roll, or other original work
as aforesaid, which had been xised l*y him in
printing or engraving bank notes or other obliga-
tions, before being used in printing any obliga-
tion or.other security authorized to be issued by
any act of Congress; nor shall any of said fore-
going provisionscbe held or construed to prohibit
ojr restrain the lawful use by any person of any
inlc| color, or pigment,the exclusiverightto which
halts been secured to any such person by letters
patent which are still in force.
Sec. 13. Andbeitfurtherenacted,Thatthe words
" obligation or other security of the United
States," used in this act, shall be held to include
und mean all bonds, coupons, national currency^,
-United States notes, Treasury notes, fractional
ttotes,checks for money of.authorized officers of
the United States, certificates of indebtedness,
certificates of deposit, stamps, and other repre-
sentatives of value of whatever denomination,
-which have been or may be issued under any act
•of-Congress.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
Chap. CLXXHI.—An Act to provide Internal
Revenue to support the Gorcrnment, to pay
Interest on the Public Debt, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of llepre*
stntativesofthe United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That,forthe purposeofsuperintending
the collection of internal duties, stamp duties, li-
censes, or taxes, imposed by this act, or which
may hereafter be imposed, and of assessing the
same, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
Whose annual salary shall he four thousand dol-
lars, shall he charged, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, with preparing all
the instructions, regulations, directions, forms,
blanks, stamps, and licenses, and distributing the
same, o.r any part thereof, and all other mat-
ters pertaining to the assessment and collection
of the duties, stamp duties, licenses, and taxes
which may be necessary to carry this act into
cffect, and with the general superintendence of
his office, as aforesaid, and shall have authority,
and hereby is authorized and required, to provide
cotton maiks, hydrometers,and proper and suffi-
cient adhesive stamps, and stamps or dies for ex- I
pressing and denoting the several stamp duties, '
or the amount thereof m the case of percentage
dixies, imposed by this act, and to alter and re-
new or replace such stamps, from time to time,
as occasion shall require. He may also contract
for or procure the printing of requisite forms, de-
cisionp, regulations, and advertisements; but the
printing of such forms, decisions, and regula-
tions shall be don* at the public printing office,
unless the Public Printer shall be unable to per-
form the woik. And the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may, at any time piior to the first day of
July, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, assign to
the office of the Commissioner of Internal Rrve-
nue such number of clerks as he may deem ne-
cessary, or the exigencies of the public service
may require; and the piivilege of franking all
letters and documents pertaining to the duties of
his office, andof receiving free of postage all such
letters and documents, is hereby extended to said
Commissioner.
general provisions.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue to pay over daily to the Treasurer of the
United States all public moneys which may come
into his possession, for which the Treasurer shall
give proper receipts and keep a faithful account;
and at the end of each month the said Commis-
sioner shall render true and faithful accounta of
,all public moneys received or paid out, or paid
t'o'the Treasurer of the United States, exhibiting
;proper vouchers therefor, and the same shall be
received and examined by the Fifth Auditor of
the Treasury, who shall thereafter certify the bal-
ance, if any, and transmit" the accounts, with the
voucher-sand certificate, to the First Comptroller
for his decision thereon; and the said Commis-
sioner, when,such accounts ore settled as herein
provided for, shall transmit a copy thereof to the
Secretary of the Treasury. He shallat all times
submit to the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Comptroller, or either of them, the inspection of
moneys in his hands, and shall, prior to the en-
tering upon the duties of his office, execute a
bond, with sufficient sureties, to be approved by
the Secretary of the Treasury and by the First
Comptroller, in a sum of not less than one hun-
dred thousand dollars, payable to the United
States, conditioned that said Commissioner shall
faithfully perform th&duties of his office according
to law, and shall justly and faithfully account for
and pay over to the United States, in obedience
to law and in compliance with the order or regu-
lations of the Secretary of the Treasury, all public
moneys which may come into his hands or pos-
session, and for the safe-keeping and faithful ac-
count of all stamps, adhesive stamps, or vellum,
parchment or paper bearing a stamp denoting any
duty thereon, which bond shall befiled in the office
of the First Comptroller of the Treasury. And
such Commissioner shall, from time to time, re-
new, strengthen, and increase his official bond,
as the Secretary of the Treasury may diiect.
Sec. 3. And be itfurther enacted, That the Dep-
uty Commissioner of Internal Revenue, whose an-
nual salary shall be twenty-live hundred dollars,
shall be charged with such duties m the Bureau
of Internal Revenue as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, or as may be required
by law, and shallactas Commissioner of internal
Revenue in the absence of that officer, and exer-
cise the privilege of franking all letters and docu-
ments pertaining to the office of Internal Revenue.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted^ That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may appoint not exceeding
five revenue agent*, whose duties shall be, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, to
aid in the prevention, detection,and punishment
of frauds upon the internal revenue, and in the
enfoicement of the collection thereof, who shall
be paid, in addition to the expenses necessarily
incurred by them, such compensation as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may deem just and rea-
sonable, not exceeding two thousand dollars per
annum. The above salaries to be paid in the
same manner as are other expenses for collecting
.the revenue.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted) That the Sec-
retaiy of the Treasury may appoint inspectors in
any assessment district where in his judgment it
may be necessary for the purposes of a pioper
enforcement of the internal revenue laws or the de-
tection of frauds,and such inspectorsand revenue
agents aforesaid shall be subject to the rules and
regulations of the said Secretary, and have all the
powers conferred upon any other officers of in-
ternal revenue in making any examination of per-
sons, books, and premises which may be neces-
sary in the discharge of the duties of their office.
And the compensation of such inspectors shall be
fixed and paid for such time as they may be act-
ually employed, not exceeding four dollars per
day, and their justand proper travelingexpenses.
Sec. 6- And be itfurther enacted) That the cash-
ier of internal duties, who shall hereafter be called
cashier of internal revenue, and whose annual
salary shall be twenty-five hundred dollars, shall
perform such duties as may be assigned to his
office by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
under the regulations of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and shall give a bond, with sufficient
sureties, to be approved by the Secretary of the
Treasiuy and by the Solicitor, that he will faith-
fully account for all the moneys or other articles
of value belonging to the United States which
may come into his hands, and perform ail the
duties enjoined upon his office, according to law
and regulations, as aforesaid; which bond shall
be deposited with the First Comptroller of the
Treasury.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the sec-
ond section of an act entitled " An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government and
to pay interest on thu public debt," approved
July one, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, shall
remain and continue in full force; and the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized to alter the lespective
collection districts provided for in said section as
the public interests may require.
Sec. 8. Andbe it further enacted,- That each as-
sessor shall divide his district into a convenient
number of assessment districts, which may be
changed as often as may be deemed necessary,
subject to such regulutionsand limitationsas may
be imposed by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, within each of which the Secretary of the
Treasury, whenever there shall be a vacancy or
the public interest shall require, shall appoint,
with the approval of the said Commissioner, one
assistant assessor, who shall be a resident of the
district of said assessor; and in case of a vacancy
occurring in the office of assessor by reason, of
death or any other cause, the assistant assessor
of the assessment district in which the assessor
resided at the time of the vacancy occurringshall
act as assessor until an appointment filling the
vacancy sl^all be made. And each assessor and
assistant assessor so appointed-shall, before he
enters on the duties of his office, take and sub-
scribe, before some competent magistrate, or some
collector, to be appointed by virtue of this act,
(who is hereby empowered to administer the
same,) the following oath or affirmation, to wit:
" J, A B, do swear (or affirm, as the case may
be) that I will bear true faith and allegiance to
the United States of America, and will support
the Constitution thereof, and that I will diligently
and faithfully perform the duties of assessor (or
assistant assessor) for (naming the assessment
distiict)accoidingto my bestskill andjudgment."
And a certificate of such oath or affirmation shall
be delivered to the collector of the district for
which such assessor or assistant assessor shall
be appointed.
Stc. 9. And be itfurther enacted, That before
any collector shall enter upon the duties of his
office, he shall execute a bond for such amount
as shall be prescribed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, with not less than five
sureties, to be approved by the Solicitor of the
Treasury, conditioned that said collector shall
faithfully perform the dutie^of his office accord-
ing to law, and shall justly and faithfully account
for and pay over to the United States, in com-
pliance with the order or regulations of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, all public moneys which
may come into his hands or possession; which
bond shall be filed in the office of the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury. And such collector shall,
from time to time, renew, strengthen, and increase
his official bond, as the Secretary of the Treasury
may direct, with such further conditions as the
said Commissioner shall prescribe.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That each
collector shall be authorized to appoint, by an
instrument of writing under his hand, as many
deputies as he may think proper, to be by him
compensated for their services, and also to revoke
any such appointment, giving such notice thereof
as theCommtssi oner of internal Re venue shall pre-
scribe; and may require bonds or other securities,
and accept the same from such deputy; and each
such deputy shall have the like authority, in every
respect, to collect the duties and taxes levied or
assessed within the portion of the district assigned
to him which is by this act vested in the collector
himself; but each collectorshall, in every respect,
be responsible both to the United States and to
individuals, as the case may be, for all moneys
collected, and for every act done by any of his
deputies while acting as such, and for every
omission of duty.
Sec. 11. And be itfurther enacted^ That it shall
be the duty of any person, partnership, firm,
association, or corporation, made liable to any
duty, license, stamp, or tax imposed by law,
when not otherwise provided for, on or before the
first Monday of May in each year, and in other ,
cases before the day of levy, to make a list or re-
turn, verified by oath or affirmation, to the assist-
ant assessor of the district where located, of the
amount of annual income, the articles or objects
charged with a special duty or tax, the quantity
of goods, wares, and merchandise made or sold,
and charged with a specific or ad valorem duty or
tax, the several rates and aggregate amount, ac-
cording to the respective provisions of this-act,
and according to the forms and regulations to be
