1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
William G. Brown, Clay, Creswell, Dawson, Doming, Du-
mont. Et kley, l£ngh<h, Farn^ worth, Garfie )(i} Hall, Benja-
min G. Hani;-. iii^by, iiotehkiss, flutehiiis. Ingertoll,
Philip Johnson, Kalbtieisch. Ka-i-on, Keinan. King, Loan,
Mallory. McAliic-ter, McBride, McOlmg, McKinriev, Alid-
dietou. William H. Miller, Mooihead, Nelson, Norton,
Joiiu O'Neill, Peril am, Peiry, Pike. Pom&iov, Pru\n, Kad-
loid, William l£. Randal], Edwaid II. Ilollinrf, Jamo^S. Koi-
]in«, Roa •, Sehenek, Smith, t5nutlicr>, Stc-bbin^, John B.
Steele. Steven.-*, Suit's, Stunn, Eliriu B. WaMibume,
Wcb'E^r, Whaley, Wilder, VVinfield, Benjamin Wood,
Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—68.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. CRAVENS demanded tellers on second-
ing the call for the previous question.
Tellers were not ordered.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
58, noes 43.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. CRAVENS demanded tellers on ordering
the main question.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. Cravens
and Jenckes were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 44.
So the main question was ordered.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the main question was ordered.
Mr. THAYER moved that the motion tore-
consider he laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. CRAVENS. Is the bill engrossed ?
The SPEAKER. Itis not.
Mr. CRAVENS. I call for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
Mr. GRINNELL. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that call—will not indulge in that kind
of cruelty.
Mr. CRAVENS. I will withdraw it if gentle-
men will withdraw the bill.
Mr. JENCKES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. CRAVENS. Gentlemen have not been
disposed to !>e gracious in assigning the floor.
Mr. JENCKES. I yielded to the gentleman
all the time I could. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his call for the reading of thcengrossed
bill.
Mr. CRAVENS. If it is the desire of the
House that 1 shall withdraw it, I will withdraw it.
Mr. J.. C. ALLEN. I renew the demand.
Mr. JENCKES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The bili, not being en-
grossed, goes to the Speaker's table.
Mr. JENCKES, at a subsequent time, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the House or-
dered the bill to be engrossed and road a third
time.
The motion to reconsider was entered.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
President of the United States; which was read,
as follows:
Washington*, D. c., June 8,1851.
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
I have tile honot to submit for the eonsid'-iation orC<ni-
grps-i a letter and mclo^ure irom the Seeiel.uy uf War,
with my eoncuirence in the recommendation thoiem made.
AB11 Ail AM LINCOLN.
War Department.
Washington City, June 7, L'6-j.
Sir: T beg leave to submit to jou a repot t made to me
by the Piovost Mai-h.il General, s-howing the result of the
diaft now going on to fill the deficiency in the quota-? ol
certain States a d recommending «i repeal in the clause of
the eniollment act commonly know n us the $;M) clau-o.
The leeommendation of the Ph>vo-t Mai^hal General irf
approved by tlu-s Department,and 1 mi*t that itwiM beiee-
omniemU d'hv you to Congress. The lreentMicce^-esthat
have attended our arms lead to the hope that by maintain
ing oui militaiy strength and giving it such ineiea&e a? the
extended field of opeiauons may require,an <\n!y tetmina- J
Uon of the vvai may be attained. ^ Dut to accomplish this j
it is absolutely ne.nessary that efficient mean* be taken, ]
with vigoi and prompting, to keep the Army up to it< |
stten^th, and f-upply delKiencies occasioned by the lo—es j
sustained in the held. To that vud ie-0-t inn-1 ■•) ' had t0 j
a draft; but ample experience now sdimvn th it tin pe- |
cumary exemption tiom rvice Im-tiate- the object ol the (
enrollment law l>y tuini-hmg money n.-nead ui men. i
An additional rea-ouloi u'p«Mh>,:> ihe •OoO clause i-lhat j
itis contemplated to make the diatt tor a comparatively j
short term. The burden of nuht.tr/ -eivu-e will theie- .
fore he lightened, but it« cprfaintv of furnishing troops fs
an absolute e.-sentt d to Mjece*'*.
I have the honot to be vonr obedient servant.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
To the PnnsiDENT.
War Departmttxt,
Provost Marshal General's Office,
Washington, i). (J., June 0, 1864.
Sir: In accordance with the amended.enrollment act
approved February-24,1864, and your orders on the subject,
1 am now conducting a (haft In various sufb-dl^trict.-* lor
their respective deficiencies on quotasof troops heretofore
assigned. Tiie le&ults; of tint* dralt,*o far 3© shown-by
leports to this date, are worthy of attention. They aie,
briefly, as follows :
Number of diafted men examined  14,741
Number exempted lor physical debility 4.374
Number exempted for all other causes...... 2*643
Total number exempted..     7.016
Number paid commutation money  5,050
Numbei who have furnished substitutes.... 1.416
Number held lor personal service  1^259
(This ]a«t includes some who may yet pay
commutation money.)
Total not exempted    7,725
These reports come from sub-districts in eisrht diffeient
States. I invite your attention to the small proportion of
soldier** being obtained under the existing law. I see no
reason to beheve that the Armvcan be materially strength-
ened by draft >o long as the $300 clause in force, nor do
I think it safe to assume that the commutation paid by a
drafted man will enable the Government to procure a vol-
unteeroi substitute in hi-> place. I do not think that large
bounties by the United States should be again resorted to
for racing tioop*. I recommend that the $3U0 clause, as
it is known, be repealed.
I am, sir, veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES B. FRY,
Provost Marshal General,
lion. E. M. Ftastos. Secretary oj JVar.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 move that the com-
munication be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and printed, with leave to the com-
mittee to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. The latter part of the mo-
tion requires unanimous consent.
Mr. PENDLETON. I object to that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the latter
part of the motion.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of business from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
WATER TAX IN GEORGETOWN.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with a
recommendation that it do pass, an act (S. No. 129)
to amend an act entitled "An act to authorize the
corporation of Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, to lay and collect a water tax, and for
other purposes," approved May 21, 1662.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third lime; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SIXTH STREET WEST.
Mr. MORE IS, ofOhio, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute, a bill
(H.R. No. 364) authorizingtiieopemngof Sixth
street west.
The substitute was to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and to insert the following:
That the corporation of the city of Washington be, and
ate heicby, authorised and rcqmied to op^n Sixth  -tieet
west from tlie eanal to Maine avenue, under the direction
of the Commissioner of Public Building, in accordance
with a piau approved, m May, 1S22, by James Monioe,
President of tile United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would like
to hear some explanation of that bill.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. The House, I sup-
pose, i«i well aware that according to a plan ap-
proved by President Monroe in 1822, Sixth street
west was extended through and across the Gov-
ernment reservation west of the Capitol. I can-
not see any reason why thatstieot should not be
extended according to the original plan. It is
one of the important streets of this city. The
wharf at the foot of Sixth street is one of the best
and most impuitant landings we have, and the
fact that the street 13 closed neroi-is the reservation
compels the citizens of' that street Jo go ajroupp
by Four-and-a-half street, and compels persona
going to Alexandria to go by that' street ako, or
by Seventh street. , I can see no reason or pro-
priety in this state of things.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then ! un-
derstand the object of the bill is to open the street
so that passengers can pass along it across the
canal and through the reservation over on to thje
island.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. That is"the object.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I would inquire if thq.ob-
struction of Sixth street is in violation of the
Monroe doctrine? If so, 1 will go for the bill.
[Laughter.] ' . -
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill w
carrying out the Monroe doctrine, as it is in ac-
cordance with the plans of President Monroe. "
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. The origmabplan was
approved b.y President Monroe/
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time,and.pa£eed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I nwaW iQ
amend the title by inserting after the word
thorizing" the words "and requiring.iA
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on th$
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SERVICE OF PROCESS.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee fot
the District of Columbia, reported back bill of
the House No. 434, to authoiize bailiffs of the
orphans' court in the county of Washington,
District of Columbia,"to serve process issued by
said court, and for other purposes.
The bill was ordered, to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was aecojr4-
ingly read the third time, and passed. •
Mr. PATTERSON moved to reconsider the
vote*by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motiun'was agreed tp.
SCHOOLS IN THE dSTRICT O? COLUMBIA.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute, bill of
the Senate No. 26, to provide for the public in-
struction of youth in the county of Washington,
District of Columbia.
Mr. PATTERSON. As this bill has not been
printed, perhaps 1 ought to say a word in the
way of explanation, especially as it is an import-
ant'bill for the District of Columbia^ It will be
observed by comparing the Senate bill with the
substitute, reported by the Mouse committee, that
there are several minor amendments, some' of
them intended to perfect the bill, and others de-
signed to bring it into more complete conformity
with the best results of the experience irt those
States where systems of education have. been
most liberally and successfully sustained.-
In the twentieth section'we have endeavored^to'
give efficiency to the system by requiring attend?
ance at school under a penal enactment. This is
in accordance with the school laws in most of our
northern cities, and would seem to be especially
necessary here, where education has been so long
and so generally neglected.
In the nineteenth section we provide for an in-
crease of the school fund by requiring all penal-
ties and forfeitures imposed for the violation of
the laws of the United States to be paid into the
hands of certain officers, who are made the cus-
todians of this fund, and are required to expend it
for school purposes.
But the most important feature of the amend-
ment is to be found in the seventeenth and eigh-
teenth sections, and in the proviso to the nine-
teenth section, which providesfo-rseparateschools
for the colored children of the District. To ac-
complish this we have provided that such a pro-
portion of the entire school fund shall be set apart
for this purpose as the number of colored children
between the ages of six and seventeen bear to the
whole number of children in the District.
These are the principal joints of difference
bel ween the Senate hill ami the substitute report-
