2814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
fid by the Committee for the District of Columbia.
I may say that the committee were unanimous in
their approval of these provisions, and I trust
that that foreshadows the unanimity in the House.
We may have differences of opinion in regard
to the proper policy to be pursued in respect to
slavery; but we all concur in this, that we have
been brought to a juncture in our national affairs
in which four millions of a degraded race lying far
below the average civilization of the age and de-
pressed by an almost universal prejudice are to be
set free in our midst. The question now is, what
is our first duty in regard to them?
WAR NEWS.
The SPEAKER. With the permission of the
gentleman from New Hampshire the Chair will
lay before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War.
The Olerlc read, as follows:
War Department, Washington City,
Wednesday, June 8, 1864, 12 noon.
Sir j A dispatch from General Grant dated at five min-
utes past three yesterday afternoon reports: "All has been
very quiet to-day. No casualties repotted."
A dispatch from General Sherman dated at Acworth
yesterday evening at half past six says: " t have been to
Alatoona Pass and find it very admirable for our purpose.
It is the gate through the last or most eastern spur of the
Allcghanies. ft now becomes as useful to us as it was to
the enemy, being easily defended from either direction.
The roads hence from Acworth into Georgia are large and
good, and the country more open." Details of the position
of our troops and contemplated movements are given, but
are notneeded for public information. The dispatch further
states that " the enemy is not in our immediate front, hut
his signals arc seen on Lost mountain and Kcneshaw."
Dispatches from General Canhy dated June 3 have been
received, which report satisfactory progress in the organi-
zation of his command.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
SCHOOLS IN THE DISTRICT—AGAIN.
Mr. PATTERSON. I think there can be no
difference of opinion on this, that it is our duty
to give to this people the means of education,
that they may be prepared for all the privileges
which we may desire to give them hereafter.
I move the previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The substitute reported by the committee was
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it waa accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PATTERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON CITY RAILROAD.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported back,
with a recommendation that it do pass, a bill
(H. R. No. 495) to amend an act entitled "An
act to incorporate the Washington and George-
town Railroad Company."
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move to amend
the third section by inserting after the word
M Washington" the words "on relation of the
complainant;" so that it will read:
Sec. 3.  <2«d be it further cnactcd, That for each and
every violation of the foregoing provisions the said com-
pany shall forfeit and pay a sum not less than five dollars
and not more than $100, which may bo recovered with costs
of suit, on complaint of any person aggueved, in any couit
of competent jurisdiction m the District of Columbia.
Such action may be prosecuted in the name of the city of
Washington, on relation of the complainant, and one half
of the penalties recovered shall be for the use of the citv of
Washington,'and the other half for the use of the com-
plainant.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move to amend
by striking out the proviso to the third section,
os follows:
Provided, however, That any party complainant shall,
before commencing such action, tile with the clerk of the
supreme court oi the District of Columbia a bond to be
approved by the clerk of the said court with at least one
surety, to be approved by said clerk, and in a penalty of
$100, conditioned that the complainant shall well and truly
save harmless and indemnify the said city against the pay-
ment of all costs and chaiges which shall be recovered
against said city by reason oi the failure of the complainant
to prosecute or maintain his said complaint.
And inserting in Ijgu thereof as follows:
Provided, however, That in no evont shall the city of
Washington be liable for any costs in any such suit, when
judgment may be rendered against the relator of all cos-ts,
in case of his failure to prosecute or maintain his complaint.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the first section by striking out " three"
and inserting " two," so that it will read, " that
the railroad company shall run one car each way_
every two minutes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move toamend
by inserting at the end of section six as follows-:
Each of which tickets shall entitle the holder to one
passage in any car of the company for any distance on either
main line of rail way, or on either branch thereof, or between
the terminus of either of said branches and any point on
said railway or branch.
So as to make it read:
Sec. 6. Jlrul be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of said company, within twenty days from and after
the passage of this act, to have prepared tickets for passage
on their cars, and to keep them at their office for sale by
the package of twenty-five, or over, at the rate of twenty-
five for the dollar; each of which tickets, 8tc.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move to amend
the bill by inserting the following as an additional
section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That if the said railroad com-
pany fehall refuse or neglect to make the returns required
by the act, it shall forfeit and pay, for the use ot the Treas-
ury of the United States, the sum of $100 per day for each
and every day of such neglect; and it shall be the duty ot
the Secretary of the Senate to notify the district attorney
of the United States for the District of Columbia of such
refu>al or neglect, and he shall forthwith commence pro-
ceedings for the recovery of the penalties aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRIGGS. I move to amend the first sec-
tion of the bill by adding the words " every day,
including Sunday;" so that it will read," that from
and after the passage of this act the Washington
and Georgetown Railroad Company shall, during
all sessions of Congress, run one car each wHy
every day, including Sunday, every two min-
utes. "
Mr. BEAM AN. It seems to me, Mr. Speaker,
that thai is rather too stringent a provision. Even
if the propriety of running the cars on Sunday
be conceded, it is not necessary that they shall
run so frequently as on week days.
Mr. DRIGGS. As I prepared my amendment
in a hurry, I will say briefly to the House what
it is that I desire to accomplish. I think that the
existing law, if properly construed, means that
the cars shall run every day of the week. I with-
draw the amendment which I offered, and will
substitute this for it:
Piovidcdf That the Company shall hereafter cause the
cars to be run on s.ud road and ail us branches each and
every day of the week.
Mr. HOLMAN. I want to call the attention
of the gentleman from Michigan to the fact that
while it is important that cars shall run on Sun-
days on account of the hospitals at thetermini of
the road on Seventh and Fourteenth streets and
Pennsylvania avenue, it is a matter of the utmost
importance that the cars should run on that day
especially for the convenience not only of the citi-
zens generally, but of ladies and men who are
visiting this capital for the purpose of seeing pa-
tients at the hospitals.
Mr. DRIGGS. If the gentleman will allow
me 
Mr. HOLMAN. While it is a matter of the
first importance that the street cars should run
on Sunday, still there is not the same necessity
to have them run as frequently on Sunday as on
other days of the week. I think, therefore, on
Sundays that the cars should not be required to
run oftener than every fifteen or twenty minutes.
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, it is well known
that in all the principal cities where they were
originally opposed to the running of cars on Sun-
day they have after experience been compelled to
yield their objection. It has been found necessary
to have the cars run on Sunday for the transit
from one portion to another of persons who desire
to attend to the Sabbath services at the different
churches. Now there is no city where the cars
are more needed on Sunday than Washington.
It is well known that we cannot go about to the
several hospitals unless at vast expense for coach
hire. Last Sunday I was compelled to pay $8
for the use of a carriage for one hour. If it is not
wrong to go out in carriages I do not see why it
is wrong to go in the street cars> There is no
feeling of reverence for the Sabbath involved in
the question. We are obliged now to keep livery
stables open on Sunday as well as other days.
Mr. STROUSE. I am in favor of the amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. With the permission
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania 1 will move
a substitute for the amendment of the gentleman
from Michigan. I think it will better accomplish
the object which he seeks. I move that there be
a provision that the cars shall be run on such rail-
way according to the original act.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
will cover the whole case.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. According to the ori-
ginal act they are required to run every five min-
utes on Pennsylvania avenue, and on Seventh and
Fourteenth streets every fifteen minutes.
Mr. STROUSE. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of this amendment; and when I say that, I have
leave also to say that I yield to no man in my
devotion to the sentiment and feeling of strict ob-
servance of the Sabbath day. But, sir,'I look on
it as a mockery to suspend the running of the
street cars on that day in this or any other city,
when we permit, not only permit but grant a gen-
eral license to everybody who can afford it to ride
in his or her carriage to church or any otherplace
on that day. You or any member here can hire
a barouche or phaeton and go to any place of pub-
lic worship on Sunday morning; there is nothing
wrong in that, forsooth; but the poor man, the la-
boring man and his family cannot have the street
cars either to go to church or to refresh them-
selves fiom the heat and dust of the city in the
green fields of the country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I say to you and to this
House that we must exercise a more enlarged
liberality, a little more feeling and disposition
toward securing the means for the benefit and
comfort of the masses of our people, and not alone
for the favored few. Let these street cars run on
Sunday. Let the laboring man,, he who works
from morn to night and earns his daily bread by
i he sweat of his face, use them to go wherever he
pleases for five cents. Let us act in a liberal
spirit. There is no outrage on any religious ob-
servance due to that day. We can afford to be
liberal in this country. Let him who goes to
chapel, let him who goes to the green fields and
meadows around here, let the servant-maid, the
washerwoman, everybody, in fact, who chooses
to, ride in these cars on Sunday as well as any
other day. Let them have the same privilege as
those who are able to ride in carriages. Let us
act fairly and impartially.
1 ain glad we have at last a question devoid of
party politics; one in which we do not find the
inevitable negro. I see that we have cars where
ii colored persons" areadmitted. I have not the
slightest objection to that; if they pay they have
the right to ride. As I have already said, we ought
to act in a liberal spirit toward the citizens of
Washington.
But now, sir, the city of Washington has be-
come truly metropolitan, and the cars run from
the navy-yard to Georgetown, and from the river
to the extreme northern limits of the city, and
we may have other roads. The world & moving;
let us move with it. Let the cars run every day.
There should be no objection here, and whatever
the feelings, sentiments, and opinions of our
friends here may be in relation to a violation of
the Sabbath, let them sink such considerations
when they remember that those who can afFoid
to, ride in their carriages everywhere and any-
where on the Sabbath; whereas the poor man is
obliged to walk or remain at home for want of a
conveyance. Now Washington has become an
important place. The population, permanent
residents and sojourners, amounts to two hundred
thousand, and they want facilities of locomotion
from one part of the city to another.
We are the Legislature of the District; we make
the laws, and we have no right to stint or circum-
scribe any right or privilege the citizens may de-
mand. Let us act with a liberal, humane, chari-
table, and enlarged spirit, and let us grant what
the people demand for the benefit of all classes,
irrespective of any private feelings, private con-
siderations, or sinister motives.
Mr. HALE. 1 trust this amendment will not
prevail. We surely are not going to set an ex-
