THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
foe was selected for the command. He conducted
the campaign, at Corinth not so as entirely, to sat-
isfy the public* but he conducted it in one sense
to. a- successful termination, and 1 have heard
military men of high capacity, who" now stand
-very high in the confidence of the public, say that
it could not have been conducted with greater
ability. ,
# It is true, sir, and it may be owing to his phys-
' ical constitution or to the education that he has
received, that he may have made himself obnox-
ious to individual, censure by not having that po-
liteness which characterizes some men. When
he mean? not to do a thing* he says " No." He
may not say it in Chesterfieldian terms, but lie
has,tfcus good quality, that when he intends to act
V no," he says " no" and he adheres to no."
Itislhe great misfortune of men in high placesthat
they are, if they have opinions, unable to persevere
in them. They are affected by the influence around
them; the opinion of to-day ceases to be acted
upon to-morrow by this outside influence. But I
know the General-in-Chief of the armies of the
United States well enough to know that all such
outside influence, as mere influence, is thrown
away upon him. He acts upon his own judg-
ment, and a judgmentin military matters enlight-
ened by long and careful study, by books that
have received, I believe, the commendation of most
of the military men of the country; and as far,
therefore, as 1 am advised, he is abundantly com-
petent ,to discharge the duties of the post which
lie holds. If there have been disasters, mistakes
which might have been corrected, I rather think
when history comes to record the events that are
occurring and have occurred around us, the cause
of such disasters will be found referable to others
and not to the General-in-Chief. His advice has
not always been followed; he has not at times
boon consulted at all, and when consulted his
opinion has not been followed; and 1 am very
much inclined to think that the dissatisfaction of
the country, a dissatisfaction which, as it seems
to me, is well founded, at the wantof success of
the army of the Potomac,—1 mean the want of
complete success—is not to be attributed to Gen-
eral Halleck, but to others, or to some others.
There is no man in the country, and I speak that
too from a personal observation, not continued
through the last six or seven weeks,but from the
time he assumed the command up to about six
or seven weeks ago; I was in the daily habit of
visiting his office, and 1 say from personal ob-
servation that there is no man in thecountry who
has given his time more undividedly to the service
of the country than he has, and intelligently de-
voted it to the service ot the country.
As to the army of the Potomac, the public are
dissatisfied. They have been dissatisfied with
every man who has been at Us head; with Mc-
Clellan, with Bumstde, with Hooker, and now
with Meade. But the fate of that army, Mr. Pres-
ident, proves their undying loyalty, and itproves
also their unflinching gallantry. From the time
they wen; oi&umzcri up to the present time they
have lost in killed and jii wounded nearly one hun-
dred thousand men, and whenever thoy have met
the enemy upon equal terms victory lias perched
upon their standaid.
They have failed to diive Lee's army from Vir-
ginia, a failure in my viewunaccountable, unjusti-
fiable, inexcusable. It has for some time outnum-
bered Lee'sarmy. When General McClellan con-
ducted so successfully the campaign which term-
inated ir) the battles of South Mountain and An-
tietam, and it was supposed, and justly supposed
as i tlnnk, that thearmy of Lee should have been
destroyed, it was proposed by the general m com-
mand here to leave twenty thousand men upon
the other side of the Potomac, sufficient to meet
the whole of Lee's army if they attempted to make
an assault upon the city, and to march with sixty*
thousand men on the other side of the river so as
to cut Lee off. The advice was not followed:
there was an apprehension, a feverish apprehen-
sion that the city was not safe, and, in order to
place the safety of the city beyond all possible
question, the movement was rejected, which must
have resulted, or, to speak moreguardedly, in all
probability would have resulted in the capture of
the entire of Lce'.s aimy.
The fact which I have just stated, Mr. Presi-
dent, 1 got from a major general in the Army—
the man who proposed the movement. So,again,
at the campaign at Gettysburg, there is not a mil-
itary critic in the country whose voice has been
raised, or whose pen has been used, that has not
spoken of that campaign, and the battles fought
under the leadership of Meade, as the finest battles
on record, not only as regards the unflinching
heroism of your men and your officers, hut the
skill of the leader. He was but just placed at the
head of that army; he felt the responsibility of his
situation; he had lost twenty or thirty thousand
men; and yet, as I understand the fact to be, he
was willing to pursue the eneftiy, when unfortu-
nately taking the advice of his corps commanders
that proposition did not meet with their assent—
I believe they were divided about it—and he failed
to pursue the enemy. He was unwilling to as-
sume the responsibility. I think he oughtto have
done it. I thought then, and I think now, if he
had done it, we should no longer have before us
the confederate army in Virginia. But the re-
sponsibility was very great. It is due to history
to say that where victory would terminate at the
termination of the last of those days was very
uncertain; a feather almost might have changed
the result; and if he had been defeated afterwards
in making the second attack, with his reduced
force and his men worn down by fatigue, what
would have become of this District and the Gov-
ernment? It is not to be wondered at that an
officer who though not young in years was for
the first time put at the head of an army as great
almost in numbers as Napoleon ever commanded
should have felt that responsibility and quailed un-
der it, quailed not from any physical fear,quailed
from no unwillingness to hazard his life in carry-
ing the flag of his country everywhere triumph-
ant, but that he should have quailed from the
crushing responsibility which would have been
upon him if he had failed in that further move-
ment, and the capital had been taken; and then
the whole country would have censured him.
1 rose, Mr. President, merely for the purpose of
excluding any conclusion which anybody might
think proper to form from any vote that 1 shall
give on this bill, that I have not entire confidence
m the ability of General Halleck, and more con-
fidence—I speak it with no purpose of disparaging
General Grant—to fill the station which he now
holds than any other officer in the Army.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, there appears
•to be a good deal of difference of opinion among
Senators who have spoken in regard to this bill.
The Senator from Ohio when up directed his ar-
gument in such a manner that the bill might be
adopted as it came from the House of Representa-
tives, without the amendments proposed by the
Committee on Military Affairs of this body, and
while presenting his views on the question went
at ifffge into the history of the campaigns of
Geneial Grant, desciibiritf his great successes, his
ability as a militai y leader, his preeminent ability
over any other man developed thus far by this
war. 1 agree with that Senator in his review, and
m the compliments and conclusions that he de-
duces from the history of the war thus far for
General Grant; but 1 do not agiee with him in
pioposing to pay an empty compliment to Gen-
eial Grant for these services. I do not agree wnh
him that, while the war has developed the gieat-
est amount of genius in him, and also found the
greatest number of successes undei his lead, he
should simply be treated to a compliment very
much the equivalent of the resolution already
passed by Congress, thanking him fur his emi-
nent services, by making him now on the passage
of this bill a lieutenant general without a chief
command.
It has been stated in addition, and the country
comprehends ir, that for nearly three years pa^t
the greatest army that our country has yet put
togetlu r and oigamzed and equipped has failed
of success in this war, namely, the aimy of the
Potomac. Commander after commander has con-
trolled its column? with only partial success end
sometimes with complete defeat. Mr Piesident,
I a-dii is there not cause enough in that to seek
now, through all the military commanders that
this war has thus far developed, for a man with
sufficient genius, with sufficient militin y capacity,
possessing at the same time the confidence of the
country, to conduct, control, and direct from this
time forward the foitunes of the anny of the
Potomac?
Is the Senator from Ohio willing inertly to peas
this bill as a complimentto General Grant, giving
him a mere degree more in rank, without entitling
him to the command that it should give him, with-
out giving him the power and control that the
mind of the nation now looks to him as the best
possessor of? I say that if the Senator from Ohio,
or any other Senator, is in favor of that manner of
compensation to General Grant, of that disposition
of title and rank, it is less than is due, in my
opinion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. COlfNESS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator propose
to make GeneraTOrant, as he is to be the man,
lieutenant general, independent of t'hePrcsident?
Mr. CONNESS. I   not, sir. I am totally
opposed to that, but I am in favor of making him
lieutenant general and General-in-Chief of the
armies of the United States under the direction
of the President, and subject to removal at the
pleasure of the President, recognizing in the Presi-
dent the constitutional Commander-in-Chief of
our armies.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I will ask my friend
another-question, if we make him lieutenant
general, and he is the only lieu tenant general, does
he not of necessity, unless the President should
prohibit it in some way, become commander of
the armies?
Mr. CONNESS. .1 answer the Senator with
great candor, I think that legitimately such would
be the result; but we have seen, time and again, a
great deal of hair-splitting and a great deal of in-
decision in determining questions as those ques-
tions applied to generals in the field, and to men be-
fore the people; and 1 want to make the language
of this hill so clear and so distinct that the Pres-
ident of the United States will see his duty, see
what the will of Congress is, not deduce it, but
have itblearly before him. 1 hopethattheamend-
ments pi oposed by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs will be adopted, and I say before I close that
unless they be adopted I shall feel compelled to
vote against the bill as it stands.
Mr. HALE. I do not propose to occupy the
time of the Senate long, but I want to call the at-
tention of Senators to one objection that has been
made to this bill, which strikes me as not having .
much force in it, and that is that it confers supreme
command on the lieutenant general, under the di-
rection of the President. If I have understood
the argument raised against that provision of the
bill, it is said that it is an impeachment of the con-
stitutional prerogative of the President. I do not
understand it so, and 1 find that Congress in its
past legislation has not so understood it. 1 find
in an act passed about two years ago m relation
to the other biauch of the service, the Navy, •
that Congress undertook to decide there directly
without reference to the Piesident who should
command a first-rate vessel, who should com-
mand a second-rate,who should command a third-
rate, and who a fourth-rate; and Congress pro-
vided by law that first-rates should be commanded
by commodores, second-rates by captains, thud-'
uites by commaudeis, and fourth-rates by lieu-
tenant commandos. Still the President is Com-
mandei-in-Chief of the Navy as much as he is of
the Army; and if you undertake to designate what
shall be the peculiar command of an officer of the
Nrt\y,l do not see the slightest objection to pie-
scribing by law what shall be the particular com-
mand of any officer in the Army. To my mind
that objection is without foundation.
I shall vote, if ever 1 get a chance to vote on this
bill, for it just as it came from the House of Itcp-
lesentatives without any of the amendments pro-
posed bv the committer, because if 1 want to do
a flung 1 wish to do it graciously and not grudg-
ingly. If we think that General Grant has a claim
upon the gratitude of the country, let us say so;
.uid when tiie peculiai Ilepusentative.s of the peo-
ple, the membejs of the other House, have seen
lit m the exorcise of their undoubted prerogatise
nor to dictate or contiol hut humbly to suggest
and advise who should be selected for this high
office, I think they but speak the sentiment of the
people, and 1 am willing for one to submit; and
1 do it without any gieat repugnance upon my
putt. 9
There is one reason that has been assigned by
the Senator fi om Iowa against the passage of this
bill which, instead of satisfying- me that it ought
