2816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8.
to the " People's Gas-Light Company," who agree to fur-
iii&h the United States Government, eorpoidtion of Wash-
ington, and citizens will pac for £.2 53 p->r thousand feet—
the same as is now chained iu other iaige cities ot the
Union.
It was such representations from the people
and the authorities of the city that induced the
minority of the committee to investigate this sub-
ject. We find as tlie result of our inquiries that
in Brooklyn, New York, and Boston'the gas
companies charge only $2 50 per thousand feet for
gas, paying the Government tax themselves, while
in the city of Washington, where the average
cost of gas to the Government and the people,
after deducting the discount of ten per cent., is
|2 61, that tax is imposed upon the consumers.
The stock of the New York gascompanies which
charge only §2 50 per thousand feet is very much
above par. The fifty dollar shares of one of thesb
companies are selling at $300, which is an ad-
vance of six hundred per cent. If the represent-
ations of this Washington company, in respect
to the cost of making gas and the necessity of
suspending operations ot present prices are cor-
rect, how could that be the fact in relation to the
New York companies?
One word now in relation to the profits of the
Washington Gas-Light Company of this city in
previous years. According to the statement of
the superintendent of these works, the company
has reserved $50,000 from its profits since its or-
ganization in 1848, which it has expended in re-
pairs and the extension of its pipes and mains,
and in addition to this has cleared a net profit of
seven and one fifth per cent, on all the capital
invested from the first. It us admitted, also, that
they have divided a dividend of ten per cent, per
annum since January, 1856, to January, 1864, at
which time they failed to declare a dividend.
These statements should be taken in connection
with the fact that the original outlay of $50,000
in the erection of roam works was nearly all sunk
in the failure of those works.
In 1852 the capital stock was increased by an
act of Congress to $300,000. This was expended
in the erection of the island woiks and-fhe exten-
sion of mains. Ami, sir, it was stated before the
committee by a gentleman whose sacred profes-
sion should entitle him to credit,and who was
formerly the superintendent of the company, that
members of the company were the original con-
tractors of this woik and sub-let it from twenty-
five to forty cents ort the origmuljrifi&iMttttblc in
stock, arid by selling the remumufPKBH^t and
above par realized by the opdratw^KR^ast one
half of the $300,000 us profit.
But, air, instead of $50,000, it may be shown
that more than $i50,006 have been had aside from
the profits of tins company m addition to the
annual dividends of tun per cent.
The oilgmal capital block by the act of Jul} 8, IP IB,
was.'.  $50,000
Ineiease oi capital suoclc by tin* net nf Auyti a l2t
JB:>2, expend* d according to All. l$town\s f-tate-
ment in erecting the Mauri wot k^and laying ten
miles of maim by     300,000
Cost of present work-* and holders, built in I*.">8,. ^200,000
Forty-««ix miles of mam-, laid averaging, *<ay sev-
enty-live cents per loot    1^1,000
Gii  meters and seiviee<?  ."0.00:)
Total cost  7^1,000
Deducting the amount a! leard to In. du<5 and out-
standing $31,000
Frofits expended in worka     $7,">0.00u
In this communication I wish to lay before the
House a correspond*',nee carried on in 186:2 be-
tween Mr. Brown and Commodore Smith, chief
of the Bureau of Yards and Docks. The iitst is
a letter from Mr. Brown, called out by a section
in the naval appropriation bill making provision
for the erection of gas woiks at the navy-yard:
Ofhck Gas-Light Company,
YVa^hixoion, July-22, 180-2.
Dear Commodore : J nonce in the naval appropuation
hill an item toi ".wv.oik's .u tin: Wasdnnj'ton nn\\-yaid,
Sine the estimate was appioved bvvon for tin-, expend-
iture Coiune-5? h:w {by act of July fl1^2.) icduced the
puce of to all coi^uiuerss, lixiny the net vo^t to the
Government at only §2 52 pei thousand leet, instead ot
§3 13 tn h< n t<uu o, In i;i<i t|,u vci\ iii-,u y induction of-i.uy-
three rent-van! allow mg only two ecnt"-= mine p -t thou>and
than is paid m New Yoik, Boston, EaKunou:, &e.
1 ypoak liom e.vp'-t leneeot tuuroicn jea s> m the buM-
ne&s, and am no: mi-Ukim when 1 avm that this i= le^s
than gas can be made and di->mhuted tor at any wo k&
which maybe elected at tne nav>-) aid so long as coal costs
by tho twenty thousand tons eight dollars iu the sheds, us
In now the case.
Tins company, at the instance of the Government, ex-
pended neruh twenty thousand dollar to entry it« umio^,
&,c., from tneY'apitol to the navy-yard, for the particular ac-
commodation of that establishment; as there was no pros-
pectot norhas there been any ptivate consumption oigason j
the line at nil justifying such an outlay. The cicar profit on
this whole line of mains has not reached five per cent, per
annum, and to take the navy-yuul consumption trom us
now would leduee it to low than one«per cent., and thus
involve a lo s to jis ot the whole, sum expended, as before
remarked, at the instance of, and a  an accommodation to,
the Government. This injustice I know you will not per-
mit to be clone. The company thinks in common fairness
it lias a right to furnish all the gas used by the Government
in Washington, since that s>ame Government, by the exer-
cise of a questionable power, has &o seriou&ly reduced the
price of gas as to hazaid the very existence of the com-
pany; for the ptice of $"2 52 allows only a profit of three
cents per thousand feet beyond the actual costol gas atour
counter iu 1881, and ot course we can only live by a largely
increased consumption of gas, (which was the argument
used in Congress to justify a reduction in price.) instead of
a withdrawal of so heavy a consumer as the navy-} aid.
I have the honor. &c.
J. F. BROWN, Secretary in charge.
Commodore Smith, Chief Bmeau, 3*c.
Now, will the Cleik read the Commodore's
reply ?
The Clerk read, as follows:
Navy Department,
Burkauof Yards and Dorics", July 23, 1862.
Sir: I have received and duly considered your letter of
the 2-3d instant.
Having found the gas hills tor the Washington navy-yard
so heavy, averaging about §811 per month, 1 con^uleied it
my duty to the Government to endeavor to obtain gas at a
less cost.
X therefore a^ked an appiopriation to erect gas works in
the >ard, and fee! confident we can make gas. fiom pe-
troleum at a co^t of not exceeding ^l per thosij-and cubic
feet. We pay (or gas used at the navy-yaid and ho.-pital
near New York 31 50 per thousand cubic feet.
I am, very iccpeetfully, your obedient t-ervant,
JOSEPH SMITH.
J. P. Brown, Ksq., Secretary (in charge) Washington Gas-
Light Company.
Navy Dppautmknt,
Burv.au of Yards and Docks, August 11, 18G2.
Silt: Your communieation of the '22d ultimo, calling
the attention ot the bmeau to Mm naval appiopnation bill
— it< in, u ga.; woik-T' at the Wa-hington navy jaid—and
also reduction of the price ot gas to consumer, &e., has
been received, and tne civil euginect of thi-s bureau con-
Milled on thu .subject. A copy ol his lepoit is herewith
transmitted.
Kchpectlully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH SMITH.
J. F. Brown, I^q., Secretary (in charge) Waihington Gas-
Light Company $
Mr. PATTERSON. Commodore Smith re-
ferred the letter of Mr. Brown to the chief engi-
neer at the Rureau of Yards and Docks for a re-
port upon ils contents. 1 call the attention of the
House to lus reply. It will be found both inter-
esting and instructive:
The Cleik read, as follows:
Bl'rkau of Yarns and Dorics,
nu'y Ut-PAnrMI-.nt, shl^usl y, linii.
Sir : I havo examined the communication fiotn Mi. Jo-
seph F. Brown, secretary of the Wa>hln :t<>u Ga> Oompany,
m iefoienee to the conMiuotioii of «tv« woik-: at the Wash-
ington navy yaid, and respectfully icpon :
When the g;H \v,i« intiodueed into the yjud it wa«? re-
poited that theie wa-< an understanding between the iras
company ami the Navy Depaiiuieut that if the < ompany
would t stemi their main fiom the CapUol to the naw \aul
the Ooveimnent would become a consumer at the >;ud. 1
have no knowledge ot the exigence ot mh-Ii an undcr^and-
lujjf, except the tepojtsat the tune ; but it .such wa>  the tact,
the l)-'i> ii nueiit e-'i talnly i-.\p"eti d and would have the
i ti£ht ro claim that the \<ud sliould be amply .supplied witli
ga< ot ijood (;tialny.
The cojiMimptioi! at the \ard commenced in Juiy, 1655,
and from the in si tin -"e w ei e man> complaints of Hie uicg-
iil.n huimng oi the cas and ot in>titlicienr ligiU. On the
•J-id Felntiaiy. IK)G. f was obliged to repoit'to the corn-
muiidant that finee the lntiotiuetion oi the yas theie had
been constant lepoits and eomplaiuts lioni tne watchmen
of the failuit- of some of the lamps to hum leinilaily, and
lhat on sew;iai occasions they wr.ct-, entiulv uithout gas
light m liie \ aid Tlu^e eonijilamts continued and been me
so fiequent, and the quantity ot i;aschatgt;d became >o huge,
that on the -27th Januaij, 1657, onlyaboutemiiteenmonths
aftei the intioduetmn ot the into the yard, I agam ie-
poited on the subieet tuid lecommended the ercctiOir of gas
works in the jaid.
The statements made b\ Mr. Brown mei:t paitieulat no-
tice, and I re-pHr-tinlfy oil \ om attention tomurn; o' them.
He>a\^* •* Tuks companv, at the instance ol tue CJoet'in-
inent. expended neatly sJO.UUO to eauy Us mains, &e.,
liomtln Capitol to th<- navy-yaid, {orthe paitioulai accom-
modation of lhat establishment.;; I do not know what Mi.
Btow n meai^ by ,v ni.iiti-', £tc.,'' unte.ss lie meau^ the lamp
pons, lamps, and *ide blanches, along the avenue and
Ki hth stieet, none oi which w.-ie put up toi tho pa, ticui ir
accommodation ot that establuinnejit, (n.tvy-jard.) Tne
only e\p -nsu which could have been inctuied for the ac-
commodation of tho na\\-\ard is th<v cost oi the mains,
and th.it not comely, because the .same main supplies a laige
nuiubci ol street lamps, maune headtpnu ter>, and private
consumers, and at this time two Aimy hospitals. Fiom a
veiy coueet map of the city, I find tue length of main le-
quired to convey gas from the Capltel to the navy-yard is
G.31Q feet. Tills pipe can be putchascd here at55 cents, and
laid for 10 ccnts per foot, making a total cost of 71 cents per
foot; but to provide for contingencies J e-timate it at SO
cents per foot, making an aggregate of ©5,050, instead of
near .>-20,000, as stated by Mr. Biowti. An examination of
the gas hills shows that the amount paid the ga^ company
for gas at the navy-yard duting j>even vcais is §20,750.
How much of this is profit it is difficult to determine; but I
have no doubt it is fully 50 per cent, and it so the profit
has been $10,375, in seven years, on an expenditure of
$5,050. Taking it for granted thai the mam was for the
exclusive use of the yaid, which, however, is not the fact,
because, as before stated, it supplies a number of street
lamps, the maiine headquaiters, and private consumeis,
now a profit of $10,375, on an investment of £5,050, is at
the rate of more than 205 per cent, in seven years, or very
nearly SO per cent, per annum.
Mr. Brown states that at §2 52 per thousand there is only
a piofit of three cents on the thousand ; if this be *o, thpn
the profit on the gas supplied to the yard has been as fol-
lows: during five and a half years of the seven, the price
paid was $3 50 per thousand, and the remaining one and
a halt year $3 15 per thousand. Iftheeostof manufac-
ture is $2 49, then the profit at ^3 50 per thousand is §1 01
per thousand, oi moie than foity per cent, and at $3 15 it
is sixty-six cents per thousand, oi more than twenty-six per
cent.
I have endeavored to ascertain the cost of the manufac-
ture r f gas in the different cities, and learn tiomgood au-
thority that in Now Yoik, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, the
cost ranges fiom ninety cents to §1 20 per thousand, and
theie is piotty good evidence that it does not exceed those
prices in the'fact that the Brooklyn Gas Company have
voluntaiily entered into a contract to supply the Brooklyn
yaid for tinee years at .$1 50 per thousand, and this is cer-
tainly at a profit, otherwise they would not undertake it.
Upon the presumption that the Washington company can
manufacture the gas as cheap as the establishments in
other cities, I assume SI 20, the highest price named, as
the cost of its manufacture,and find their piofit for five and
a half years has been $r2 30 per thousand, or more than 191
pet cent.
The Washington works are probably constructed in the
best manner, and doubtless they are ably managed; the
only cause thou which should produce a difference in the
cost of the manufactuie of gas is a difference in the cost
of coal, which I presume in ordinary times is not material.
This company 3oems to exhibit great anxiety to prevent
the construction of gas works in the yard, that they may
ictain the uavy->atd a-s a consumer. Now, to show of how
little value the piofit on that •zousumption is, it the state-
ment made by Mi. Iltown in regard to the cos,t of manu-
lactuie be eoirect, I .submit this calculation : Mr. Blown
says at $2 52 the profit is only three cent3 per thousand
fee t, making the actual co&t of manufacturing gas $2 49 per
thousand. Apiotit ot three ccnts on an expenditure of^
,$2 49i.sabo*itoneand two tenths per cent.; and as in ordi-
naiy times, when the woikmenare not employed at mght,
the gas bilU (or tho yard amount to only about $100 per
month, according to Mi. Brown's own statement, the profit .
would be oui) ^1 20 pei nionthon the whole consumption
of the yaid.
This* sum would not pay the expense of attending the
meteis, and i-s too insignificant to wanant any exertion on
the part ol the company to defeat the erection of works in
the yard. 1 am satis-fied, however, that Mr. Brown has
made a veiy extravagant estimate of the cost of manufac-
tuie; but it his Estimate be eoirwet, the establishment
inus-t be verj badly constructed oi badly managed, neither
oi which do 1 believe to be the fact. I believe the woiks
area-! well emi-luieted and as well managed as any gas
woiks in the country, that the .secretary has made a great
etior in his estimate, and that the actual cost of gas is tar
less than stated b> hnn.
Probably no aitiele oi manufacture afiotds a greater profit
than gas; and this is e\ ulent hom tho tact that the stock
of pis eonq.anies is seldom m market except upon the
death ol a stockholder, or when one meets with adversity
ro rciidei a sale nece^ar}. That the profits of this com-
p:tn> an: enoniKHW I havo no doubt, for it it- >aid that the
capital stock is >30,000, and lhat they have expended
over <$800,000 in the construction,enlargement.and exten-
sion ot their woiks; this e\tia &300.000 and upwaids
then, has been expended hom the pronto ot the establish-
ment, while, at tire t-amo time, the dividends to stock-
holders have always been ten per cent. I believe it can
scaiccly be s;iid that a full and sufficient suppij hao ever
been furnished tiie vaid by the company. During the past
yeai much night-work has been done, and I have heard
many complaints of the insufficiency ot light. Under these
cucums-tane< s f do not conceive that the company havo
any ju>t cause ol complaint if the Dcpm tmcut erect Hi
own woiks and manufacture its own g s?the company
Laving tailed to meet the iea&onable expectations based
upon the alleged undemanding icferred to.
Very rcspecttully, your obedient servant,
W. P. S. SANGER,
Engineet oj Bmeau, Sfi.
liear Admiral Joseph Smith, Chief of Bureau of Vards
arid Docks.
Mr. PATTERSON. So much m respect to
j the past. It seems to me, sir, that a company
which baa enjoyed such golden opportunities for
amassing wealth through sixteen years of neace
should share the sncnliccs of this time of war
with the Government and the people who are be-
ginning to feel the hardens of taxation.
It is said the price of coal, which in 1862 was
$8, has now advanced to §13 50, and that there
should be a cot responding increase in the. price
of gas. That does not follow, if the profits here-
tofore havo been exorbitant, which I think has
been clearly shown. Hut I have some doubt as
