%m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Hbecause he would not have consulted those about
£im ftnd agreed with them contrary to his own
opinion; he would have acted, he would have
taken the responsibility. The great danger we
have been in, the great trouble we have suffered
in this"country, in ray judgment, is that; a great
jinai&y- of our military men have asked themselves
the question how misfortune was .to affect them,
and whether in case they did no,t succeed it would
pot ruin them individually. If they had taken
th,eir lives, and their reputations as well as their
Uvfes, in their hands, and said-, "This thing ought
to bedone>andl will.do it though 1 perish," we
should have accomplished vastly more than we
have accomplished with men who have stood
waiting and inquiring, wondering whether they
could ^succeed, and judging that if they did not
succeed there would be an end of them.
Sir, in my judgment we want some man at the
head of all the armies of the United States who
has moral power as well as physical courage and
military ability. We want somebody who will
correct abuses. I believe myself that of all the
men who have appeared General Grant has given
the strongest indications of being that man. Still,
we do not know what he may be after all. He
undoubtedly is the man before the public at the
present time, undoubtedly the man we should all
select; but for the sake of selectinghim and piling
honors on him so thick that perhaps we shall be
afraid to hunt for him for fear we should not find
him after we have covered him over so deeply, I
have no idea of breaking down what I conceive to
be the true, dignified lule of action of the Senate;
and that is, not to .act as if we were in town meet-
ing, and afraid we should be outvoted, but to look
at things deliberately, calmly, and act with the
dignity that becomes us.
Mr" HALE. I rise simply to ask for justice
at the hands of the Senator who has just sat down.
He commenccd hisspeech by speaking of the im-
peachmontof motive; and ho said that ithad been
said directly by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, and intimated by others. 1 know the Sen-
ator is an impulsive man 
Mr.FESSENDEN. Not at all; I am the cool-
est man in the world.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I said nothing of
the sort, and I not only did not say it, but I dis-
claimed saying it; and it seems a little ungener-
ous to say that whileotheis had intimated, I had
said directly that which I said I would not say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I might have misunder-
stood my friend. My friend is always so very
eloquent that 1 do get confused when he speaks,
frequently. [Laughter.] No doubt about that;
but I will say to him, that to reitetate, to say over
and over again that he did not wish to throw any
imputation upon General Grant by striking this
out, he did not wish to belittle him by adopting
the amendment proposed by the committee—1
state substantially the idea, I cannot use the Sen-
ator's language—and then to disclaim any impu-
tation upon anybody, (while I do not suppose for
an instant he meant to impute any wiong mo-
tives,) the necessary inference would be that every
man who voted to adopt the amendment of the
Military Committee din so from a desue to de-
tract something from the honors due to General
Grant.
Mr, CONNESS. I understood the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire to say moie than
that, in addition that they mubt be covert enemies
of the President and not in favor of him. That
is what! understood him to say. Was I right?
Mr. HALE. I cannot give myself the credit
of being eloquent if I fail to make myself under-
stood. I will repeat now what I did say: I said
that if 1 was anywheieelse except in this high
council of the nation where it was supposed every
man said what he meant, and where I believed he
said exactly what ho meant, I might have sup-
posed that such and such things were intended,
but under those circumstances it could not be.
That is what I said.
Mr, CONNESS. take it for granted that the
honorable Senator simply meant to make the
opening campaign speech of the presidential con-
test.
Mr, JOHNSON. Being one of those, Mr.
President, uho weie in favor of the amendments
sugg> sifd by the Militaiy Committee, 1 wish to
clear myself from what I certainly understood to
be an imputation (although not intended bccause
disclaimed) that fell from the Senator from New
Hampshire, I do not know what he may x'eally
think; but thinking as I do of public opinion upon
all such questions I cannot help believing that the
public will suppose from what the Senator said
that the members of' this body who vote against
the.bill as it came from the House of Represent-
atives had some other purpose. The Senator
told you that if he had been anywhere else where
this subject was pending, and the members who
might be present at any such meeting took the
course taken by members of the Senate, he should
have no hesitation in saying that that course had
been adopted from some sinister motive. He
only disclaimed the suggestion that any such idea
could influence individual Senators, because they
were in this body and members of this body. But
he, I am sure, is not so blind to public opinion—
he is always alive to* it—as not at least to think it
very probable that the public will believe that in
such matters there is no difference between the
Senate and any other citizens of the United States,
no matter how assembled, and they will come to
the conclusion that although the Senator dis-
claimed, (and we who know his frankness know
that the disclaimerwasmadoingoodfaith,) really
did not believe in his own disclaimer.
And he went further, Mr. President, which
strengthened what I suppose the public will con-
sider an imputation on the members of the Senate
who differ from him; he went further and told us
that, although wo adopttheamendmentproposed
by the Military Committee and express our will-
ingness to pass this honor upon General Grant,
until it shall be made in his view comparatively
unimportant, the public will take possession of
this officer m spite of the Senate and elevate him
to the highest office in the gift of the people of the
United States.
I only rose for the purpose of saying, Mr.
President, that that imputation, as far as 1 am
concerned, is wholly unfounded. I mean the im-
putation that the public will draw and that the
honorable member himself would draw if heand
I weie disputing this matter anywhere else than
in this Senate Chanftfer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs
to strike out all of the first section after the woid
u ability," in the eleventh line.
Mr. CARLILE, On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and navs'were ordered.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to hear the
words proposed to be stricken out read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will be
read.
The Secretary lead the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
And who, being eommi:-sioned as lieutenant geneial,
'•hall ho authorized, under (he rtneetion of the President,
to command the .amies of the United i^trues; and rlmt we
respectfully recommend the appomtmemot Major General
IJ. S. Giant, of Illinois, lor the position of lieutenant gen-
eral.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I shall
sustain this bill as it came to us from the House
of Ropi csentatives. 1 have listened to the debate
heie to-day, and judging fiom the speeches that
have been made 1 should infer that it was the
opinion of this Senate that General Ha! lock should
be the man to be appointed rather than Geneial
Grant. As I believe General Grant is a much
better general than General Halleck, and that he
would make a much better commander-in-chief
of the Army, I am willing to express it in the
terms in which this bill comes to us.
Sir, General Grant does not want honor con-
fined upon him hy the President of the United
States meiely for the purpose of having honois
conferred upon him. He has won enough of
them. The glory that he has achieved in the sev-
eral campaigns which he has conducted has won
for General Gran t greater honors than can be given
to him by the passage of this bill. But, sir, I
want a man at the head of our armies who will
be able to insure victory, to inaugutatc victory,
and to bring victory with the army of the Poto-
mac as well as with the western army.
I believe that this army of the Potomac is just
as good an army as the army of the West." In
some particulars, I am inclined to think it is a
bettei army than the hi my of the West; but theie
is one particular in which it falls far short of the
army of the West. The western .army has had
a man at its head who has made that army a unit.
There is not a traitor nor a disloyal man in it.
There is not a person connected with that army
from General Grant down to the boy who drives
a wagon, that is not devotedly attached to this
Union and in favor of striking the rebellion the
hardest and heaviest blows they can hitit. I do
not think that is the case with the army of the
Potomac, I believe that one great cause of the
defeat—not the defeat, for this army has never
been wliippedandnevercan be, in my judgment--
but one great cause of the want of s.uccess in this
army has been that it has not had a h<?ad and a
leader. It did have one for a iittle time, butGeri-
eral Halleck would not allow him long to remain
in that position. Why, sir, when General Hooker
was at the head of that aimy, leading it against
General Lee at Gettysburg, he callcd upon the
commander-in-chief, General Halleck, who, the
Senator from Maryland thinks, is altogether the
ablest man for this place in the United States,
to give him the command of General French's
corps at Harper's Ferry. It was refused him
right on the eve of a battle, and then General
Hooker said, " If I cannot command these men,
I do not think it is best that I should lead this
army into battle,M wheieupon he was relieved,
and those men were given to General Meade in
three days afterwards and joined his army and
became part of the forces which he led to battle.
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs or the Senator from Maryland
or anybody else may eulogize the General-in-
Chief of our Army who does these things; but,
in my humble judgment, the country requires
that there should be another and a better man at
the head of our armies; and that is the reason why
I am in favorof the bill as itcame from the House
of Representatives. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts stated in his speech that great wrong and
injustice had been done to General Ilalleck. Who
ever did him wrong? What great service has he
rendered the United States in this great struggle
that should place him over the gallant generals
who have led our men to battle and to victory?
1 think he has been more highly honored than
any man in this nation. I think he has received
greater rewards for the services he has rendered
than any other man in the nation.
1 do not think the Senate need hesitate in regard
to expressing an opinion to the President of tho
United States as to what they think he ought to
do. I do not think there is any indelicacy about
this matter at all. It was but this morning that
1 tookupanewspaperandread thatGeneralSher-
man, under the direction of General Grant, had
marched a force directly into the very heart of the
South, and the people around here hardly knew
that any such campaign was inaugurated. They
have alieady advanced one hundred and fifty
miles. Why docs not the army of the Potomac
advance? It is not because it is not composed of
as brave men as those whom General Sherman is
leading to-day into the very heart of the southern
States, but it is because there is not a man here
to inauguiate such campaigns and to select lead-
ers that are competent and able to lead our troops
to victory.
An allusion was made here by some Senator in
the debate in regard to the failure of General
Meade after he fought the battle of Gettysbuig,
when he marched his troops down to the Potomac
river, that there was a bare possibility that Gen-
eral Meade might have been whipped if he had
attacked General Lee at that time and at that place.
Why, sir, it was no longer ago than yesterday I
was sitting upon a horse with General Pleasonton
when the second corps of that army was being
marched in review, and General Pleasonton made
this remark, and I believe it is true, " Although
tlnsaimy has not been always successful, it can-
not be whipped;" and 1 do not believe it can be.
The difficulty is that our generals do not have the
confidence in that aimy that they ought to have.
They are not possessed with the same patriotism
that stirs the bosoms of the soldiers whoare fight-
ing in Uie $rmy of the Potomac. t
Mr. HALE. Why do you not speak of the
army of the West?
Mr. WILKINSON. I need not speak of the
army of the West because their deeds speak for
them; their victories speak for them. The sol-
