THE UOiYGliESSiONAL GLOBE.
April
25,
nineteen, after the words " new lines," to strike
outii according to the g^nei;al provisions," and
to'insert "subject to the" conditions, restrictions,
and .limitations in every respect;" s-> as to read:
And to the extent of six sections per mile in tile ag-
gregate for eveiy mile of the new lines, subject to the con-
ditions, restriction ami limitations m every respect or the
said act of March 3, 1857.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, line
twenty-three,before the word "sale," to strike
out" public,"so &s to read, "and it shall be the
.duty of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to reoffer for sale in the usual manner," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
fivi>, to strike out the word "ten" and insert
" five," so as to read," be, and the same is hereby,
extended for the term^of five years from and after
the 3d day of March, 1867."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I received a great number of
remonstrances from the people of St. Peter,
which I presented to the committee when this bill
was before them, and they have had the matter
under consideration. Still, I feel it my duty
to move this amendment, to strike out of the first
section, from the twentieth line,after the word
" North," down to the twenty-sixth line, includ-
ing the word " notwithstanding."
Mr. POMEROY. I am unable to hear what
the amendment is.
MV. RAMSEY. I move to strike out the
words following "North" in the twentieth line
of section one, down to and including the word
"notwithstanding" in the twenty-sixth line of
the first section. It is a provision for the change
of the line of the roads. The people of St. Peter
remonstrate against it.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The words
proposed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
And the said line of railroad in said act provided for, f om
Winona, via .St. Peter, to a point on I i^ Sioux river
therein named, may he located and con-trm ted upon nny
eligible route from said Winona, via M.inkafo or Si. lVtei,
to a point on the Bu/ Sioux livei, named in the ^.iid act,
anything in the s.ud act to the eontraiy notwithstanding.
Air. WILKINSON. I will just content my-
self by showing the map to the {Senate, and also
reading the certificate of the chit;!' engineer of that
road, who has been recently upon and .surveyed
the new line as proposed tn this resolution. I
will state that, the railroad company want this
change, and have sent their engineer to suivoy
the new line which is marked on the map before
me. I will read his certificate:
This map t< pi e-ents the located line of the Winona and
St Peter railroad, i'mm the foot of Lake Elysium, via
Ht. Peter m Nieolet eoumy, to ihe w<m line oi* township
one hundred and ten, range tliutv ; dwiari'-e by this route
(A to B) tot t v mx and Unee n nth•> miles. A ho, in a dotted
red line, the propo*cd deviation, (distance thirty thiee
niile>j A to C,) making a saving in i'.tvoi of the alteration
pquat to thn teen and three tenths miles. Ily effecting this
change the company avoid eroding the Minnesota liver at
Kasota and New Uim, savnu thereby, at lowest estimate,
$527,000 ot u-ele-jt) expemhitoe.
P iMAU NAMARA,
Chief Engineer Winona <oui St. JJcto Railroad.
•April 2, 18b4.
This is the estimate of the engineer. There
were remonstrane,es sent here, as the committee
know, from St. Peter; but there were also a large
numberof petitions sent from the southern coun-
ties in the State asking that this change should
be made. It is clearly for the mterestof the com-
munity there that the change should be made,
although the people of the county of Nicoh-t do
protest against it. 1 hope that the amendment
will not lie adopted.
Tiie amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were con-
curs d lit.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; and was read the third
time,a:nl pasted.
ALLKGLD L'KAUJXS IN WRSTKRN DEPARTMENT, j
Mr. HODERSON. I offer the following!
resolution: ° !
That th« Committee on Printins he in«tiu..ited j
to report a i evolution to pi mt for the u-e of the Senate the
repoit :nnd<; thu military coiiiiiii^tiiri heretolore ap-
pointee! bv tiie President to examine into tiie military
operations in the Western depjuhnent m eonncetion with
certain alleged frauds, of which Major General Irwin Mc-
Dowell \va* president, together with the evidence taken
by the said commission.
1 ask for the present consideration of the reso-
luiion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I object.
Mr. GRIMES. I object, unless I can have an
opportunity to amend the resolution.
the PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the resolution will lie over.
Mr. HENDERSON. What is the amendment?
The PRECEDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion is not before the Senate, and is not open to
discussion.
Mr/liENDERSON. I do not understand i\\W
Senator from Iowa as objecting.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I objected.
The PRESIDING OFFICES. The resolu-
tion will lie ovejr under the rules.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A messt-gc fiom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
tiie Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills:
A bill (S. No. 130) for a charter of Masonic
Hall Association in Washington city, District of
Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 249) to authorize the issuing of
a register to the steam vessel John Martin; and
A bill (H.R. No. 408) for the relief of post-
masters who have been robbed by confederate
forces or rebel guerrillas.
BILLS BICCOME TAWS.
The message also announced that the President
of the United States had approved and signed on
the Slat of April the following acts and joint res-
olution:
An act (H. R. No. 287) to change the name of
the district and port of Piesque isle to the dis-
trict and port of Erie;
An aet (13. R. No. 301) to amend an act for
emollingaiul calling out the national foices,so as
to increase the tank, pay, and emoluments of the
Piovost Marshal Genet al;
An act (II. R. No. 303) to amend an act en-
titled "An aet to establish and equalize the grade of
line officers ol'the United States Navy,"approved
July 1(5, 18G2; and
X joint resolution (H. R. No. 65) directing the
committee on the conduct of the war to examine
into the recent attack on Fort Pillow.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicoi.\y,his Secretary,announced
that the Prcsulent had approved and signed, on
the ££d instant, the following act and joint reso-
lution :
An art (S. No. 183) in amendment of an act
entitled "An act relating to foreign coins and the
coinage of cents at the Mint of the United States,"
approved Februaiy £1, 1857; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 39) relating to the
publication of the decisions of the Supreme Court
of the United States for December term, 1863.
TEUIUTOJtY OI-' MONTANA.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The special wider is before, the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to postpone all
prior orders, and take up Senate joint resolution
No. 8, being a joint resolution foi the relief of the
State of Wisconsin.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question,
and deviated that the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to the motion
of the honorable Senator fiom Indiana, as it is a
matier which concerns my own State, I do not
feel exaetly at liberty to address tiie Senate on
another subject which postpones action on a meas-
uie m which my State has a deep interest, and if
it does not give rise to discussion 1 should prefer
that the Senate would take up and pass the res-
olution indicated by the Senator from Indiana. I
suppose it is the tesoletion in relation to the five
per cent, on the land sales.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no interest my-
self in the question , except to see justn-e done to
the State or Wisconsin in re^ppct to the five pe *
cent, on the sales of lands within her limits, which
she ousrbt to be pMu,
The PRES1D1NG OFFICER. The question
has already been decided by the Chair, is there
a call for a division *
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought the Senator
from Wisconsin voted "no," and therefore S did
not call for a division.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not object.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 suppose there*s no
objection to the joint resolution on the part of any
Senator.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 voted against the motion.
My objection is to bringing up another measure
at this time when the Senator from Wisconsin has
the floor to address the Senate on ay entirely dif-
ferent subject.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will waive
his objection, I should like to have the resolution
considered now.
Mr. GRIMES. I think we ought not to take
up a question in this way when there is another
pending.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say to the Senator
from Iowa that this resolution ought to be passed
now, so that it may become a law at this session,
giving Wisconsin her five per cent.
Tiie PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the question on taking up the joint res-
olution alluded to is not before the Senate. The
question has been once decided.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless a divis-
ion is called, the regular order is before the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 am not going to call for
a division, if other Senators do not take enough
interest m the resolution to take it up.
Mr. HOWE. Has a motion been made to
postpone the regular order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
made, and decided by the Chair.
Mr. HOWE. As lost?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As lost.
Mr. IIOWJS. Is it too late to call for a di-
vision ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
call for a division, if there be no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I object.
Mr. HOWE. Why?
Mr. GRIMES. Because I want to go on with
the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
older of the day is before the Senate, being the
motion of the Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Wil-
kinson] that the Senate further insist up'on ;t-3
amendments to the bill (Ii. R. No. 15) to pio-
• vide a temporary government for the Teintorv
of Montana, and agree to the conference asked
for by the House of Representatives on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I certainly
do not object to a free conference upon the dis-
agreeing votes between the two Houses. This
bill originated in the House of Representatives.
It came from the Committee on Teintones,of
which Mr. Ashley, a distinguished gentleman
from the State of Ohio, is chairman—a gentleman
no less distinguished for his great legal ability
than for his earnest and untiring devotion to ihu
cause of human liberty and to the preservation of
the Union. The bill, in hccoi dance with all prece-
dentfrom the beginning of the Governmentdown
to the present hour, limited the right of suffrage
to white men; to men of the Caucasian race, in
this form the bill passed the House of Represent-
atives without division. It may be said to have
received the unanimous sanction of that body.
It came to the Senate; was refened to the Com-
mittee on Territories, over which the distin-
guished Senator from Ohio presides, than whom
there is no man in this body,m the other House,
or in the whole countiy, more devoted to the
cause of liberty and to defend the lights of the
oppressed African race. I refer to Senator Wade,
from Ohio. From that committee the bill was
reported to this body without any amendment,
it was called up to be put on its passage; waa
just ready to pass; and, doubtless, would have
received the unanimous, vpte of the Senate butfor
the fact that my honorable friend from Minnesota
[Mr. Wilkinson] deemed it his duty, upon his
responsibility as a Senator, to introduce and carry
through the Senate an amendment which it is
claimed will extend the right of suffrage to col-
ored men of African and perhaps also of Indian
descent. The House of Representatives has dis-
agreed, stili insists upon its disagreement, and
now asks the Senate to appoint a committee of
free conference on the subject.
For myself, so far as this Territory of Mou-
