1864.
mi CONGRESSIONAL fxLO:
of the United States. Let anybody -who wishes
to know what they have done search the record
and look at the territory they have conquered,
and which they hold to-day. I think it is a burn-
ing and everlasting shame that the brave soldiers
from Massachusetts cannot have the same priv-
ilege and the same opportunity to win victory
and glory that has been the fortune of our western
troops. The reason is that they have not had a
leader.
A general in the army of the Potomac told me
the other day that he had a letter from General
Hooker in which General Hooker gave his rea-
sons for believing that the army of the West was
a better army than the army of the Potomac; not
that the troops were any better, for in very many
particulars he thought they were not as good;
but, said he, the army of the West is a unit;
there is not a bad man in it; there is not a dis-
loyal man in it; there is not a selfish man in it.
Whenever that army moves, it moves as a solid
body with one mind, with one heart, and with
one impulse, to put down and to crush this re-
bellion. The general told me that General Hooker
said in his letter that the want of that unity was
the reason why the army of the Potomac had not
^been more successful.
Sir, there have been a great many men connected
with this army of the Potomac wno believe that it
is very wrong to meddle with the peculiar insti-
tution of slavery, and pro-slavery Democrats and
old hunker Democrats, of whom the General-in-
Chief is one, have had the control of this army.
They have not demoralized the soldiery because
their hearts were too "patriotic to be •'affected in
that way, but they have corrupted many of the
officers in that army. I want to pass this bill
justas it came from the House of Representatives
for the purpose of putting a man at the head of it
who has the ability, who has the will, who has the
power over men to strike down any man, be he a
corps commander or a division commander or a
brigade commander or the commander of a regi-
ment, who does not move straight on under the
command of his leader, being moved and guided
by the patriotic impulse which actuates the gen-
eral in command.
Mr. WILSON.t The Senator from Minnesota
comments upon the remark of mine that I thought
the public voice of the country had done injustice
to General Halleck. He calls that eulogizing
General Halleck. I am not here to pronounce
eulogies upon General Halleck or any other gen-
eral in the service; but I repeat what I said to
the Senator from Minnesota, that I think there
has been injustice done by the press and by the
hasty judgment of the country to General Hal-
leck and to many other generals. General Hal-
leck is a man of unquestioned capacity and great
intelligence, and I doubt not devoted to the inter-
ests of the country. I entertain no question in
regard to his talent, in regard to his intelligence,
or in regard to his devotion to the country. I
think there are other generals better fated to di-
rect and command armies in the Held than Gen-
eral Halleck. That is my judgment. What I
meant to say was simply this, that in the time in
which we live, in the sharp contests we have had,
in the misfortunes that have sometimes come upon
us, the public press of the country, the public sen-
timent of the country, and the public men of the
country are apt to do injustice to the actors in the
scenes through which we are passing. We all see
and all feel this to be so. The sharp contests of
the past few years, the mighty struggles of the
present, the treacheries and Ueasons that darken
our time, tend to make us, the actors in these
transcendent events, distrustful and impatient,
critical and unjust.
Sir, all our misfortunes have not come upon
us on account of the management of General Hal-
leck. Misfortunes came upon us before he was
placed in the position he now holds. He has
made mistakes. I know he has made mistakes.
The Secretary of War, with all his titanic energy
and zeal for the public service,and his incorrupt-
ible integrity, with all the talent he has biought
to beat to coirect abuses and to make our armies
what they are to-day, infinitely superior to what
they were at any other period in the history of
the countiy, has made mistakes. The nation
owes a debt of gratitude to the Secretary of War;
generations will pass away before it is paid; and
yet the public press of the country and the public
voice of the country often cry out," Crucify-him."
I know that the President of the United States,
with as sincere a devotion as ever actuated a patriot
in any country or in any age, has made mistakes.
Who has not? Sir, we have made mistakes here
in the Senate and in the House of Representatives.
I have made mistakes, and I see and acknowledge
them. I believe that with all our earnestness and
all our devotion to the country in the great con-
test through which we are passing, wc have not
always fully comprehended our condition and
realized our duty clearly. We have all of us, who
have been in the service of the country, made
more or less mistakes. But, sir, instead of ar-
raigning military men or men in civil capacities,
I think our duty should be to give all credit to
every man who gives hts heart and his hopes, all
he is and all he hopes to be, to the service of the
country. And, sir, if he makes mistakes, as we
all have made and shall continue to make mis-
takes in the future, patriotism demands that we
shall forget and forgive errors, and remember only
the devotion to the endangered country.
Sir, we all agree who shall be lieutenant gen-
eral. There is no division here among us; not a
divided voice in either House of Congress. If we
pass this resolution, we know who is to be sent
here as lieutenant general. Nobody questions
that.
The Senator from Minnesota refers to the army
of the Potomac, to the mistakes made there. We
know something of the errors of the past, and we
know something of the bad influences that have
been at work in that army. We now see clearly
that the only statesmen of the war arc anti-sla-
very men, and the only generals in this war worthy
to lead men are generals who have become anti-
slavery; and that will be the verdict of the future.
In other times, when this contest is studied, com-
prehended, the judgment will be that the only
men who comprehended our condition, whoweie
the real statesmen and the true soldiers of the
wafc, were the men who knew what the war was
about, who made it, and what was the cause of it,
and who were in favor of destroying the sole cause
of this war among countrymen of the same tongue
and race.
The Senator says that the army of the West
has got clear of the doubting men. I think that
the army of the West has made more rapid prog-
ress in the right direction than has the army of
the Potomac. I know that many of the men who
entered this contest with false views learned m the
school of submission to the demands of slavery
have been changed—changed almost as-suddenly
as St. Paul was changed. They have grown m
this contest; they are now powers in the land,
and I hail, welcome, and honor them. But, sir,
the same is now true to a great extent with the
army of the Potomac. Nearly all its officers
and the great mass of its soldiers have learned
what this war is about; they know who made it;
they know why it was imuh", they know the
cause of it; and they are m favor of trampling
it out and stamping it out with the iron heel of
war.
Sir, there is another deduction that ought to be
made whenever we speak of the contests of the
army of the Potomac with the army of General
Lee; and that is, that the best array of the rebel-
lion, led by their best general, lias stood and now
stands front to front with the anny of the Poto-
mac. The army of tlie Potomac hf s not had to deal
with raw troops. They have always had to fight
on the soil ofVirgmid or of Maryland 01* of Penn-
sylvania with the vrteran army of the rebellion,
the army that carries the flag of the rebellion.
That is a consideration that should always be re-
membered if we desire to do justice to the gen-
eralship or-to the \aIor of the army of the Poto-
mac. I believe that army is a noble army, and that
it is generally well oilicered. That there are some
men in it unfit for high commands, I believe, and
the same remai k is true of the other armies. There
are many generals in the service unfit to lead great
aimics, but good bngade, division, and corps
commanders. Our armies are now generally well
oiiicored from generals down to subalterns, and
the armies are m splendid condition, much su-
perior to their condition at any other peiiod of our i
history. The spring campaign is now opening; j
and although the lebeis may have some advant- [
ages of climate and of earlier preparation, I have j
undoubting faith that we are to triumph, and that 1
the coming year is to crush out forever the mil-
itary power of the rebellion. " , ''' , r
The VICE PRESIDENT; The qftestionisbn
the adoption of the amendment reported from.the
Committee on Military Affairs, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered. ' > *
The question being taken by yeas and naysj
resulted—yeas 28, nays 12; as follows:-
YEAS—Messrs, Clark, Collamcr,Conness, Davis,Dixon,
•Pessenden, Foot, Poster, Grimes, Harding, Harlan, Harris",
-Henderson, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Morgan, Morrill, Ne^taLib,' Powell, Ramsey. Sprague,
Smnnoi,'Ten E>ck, Van Winkle, Willey, Wilson, ana
Wright—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekaiew,Carlile,Chandler, Doolittie,
Hale, Howaid, Howe, McDougali, Sauisbury, Sherman.
Wade, and Wilkinson—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. Now I desire to have the
amendment i proposed read together with the
section as it will stand if amended.
The Secretary read the amendment, in line
seven, section one, after the words ".lieutenant
general," to insert the words, " whoshalibe com-
mander-in-chief ofthearmies oftheXJnited States,
under the direction of the President, and who
shall remain in chief command during the pleas-
ure of the President;" eo that the section will
read:
That the grade of lieutenant general be, and the same Is
hereby, revived in the Army of the United States^; and tlje
President is hereby authorized, whenever be shall .deemit
expedient, to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, a lieutenant general, who thai! be coffnriander-
m-cluef of the aimies of the United States, under the di-
rection of the President, and who thall remain in chief
command during the pleasure of the President, to he se-
lected;
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
this amendment offered by the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas aed nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Conness, Do{>-
iittle, Hale, Howe, Ramsey, Sherman, Wade, and Wilkin-
son—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Carhle, Clark, Collamer, Davis,Dixon,
Pessenden, Foot, Foster, Hardin#, Harlan, Harris, Hen-
derson, Howaid, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, JVIcDongall, Morgan, Moirill. Ne&mith, Powell, Sauls-
bury, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Willey, Wilson,
and" Wright—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in and
ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time*, and on the
question, "Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. HOWARD callcd for the yeas and naysj
and they wore ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. It was my purpose to havegiven
a silent vote on the passage of this bill, and I should
have done so if the yeas and nays had not been
callcd. I shall vote against the bill, and I will in
a few words state the grounds upon which 1 in-
tend to do so.
If 1 could be made to believe that the passage
of this bill and the reviving of the grade of lieu-
tenant general would be of any service whatever
to the armies of the United States in their oper-
ations, I should certainly vote in favor of it; but
it strikes me that the movement is more political
than military, and that the effect of it will be to
produce rather confusion in the administration of
our military matters than to give them simplicity
and efficiency. It seems to be conceded that the
President of the United States has the power, as
I suppose he undoubtedly has, to order any officer
whatever, of any grade, to take the active, posi-
tive command. It seems furthermore to be con-
cedcd that according to usage or law the General-
in-Chief next to the President is the highest mili-
tary commander. Some gentlemen suppose that
if this grade of lieutenant general is established
by the passage of this bill it will make whoever
may becomethelieutenant general the commander
over the General-in-Chief. I am not prepared to
say whether according to statutory law or military
usage such would be the result. 1 am not in-
formed in relation to military matters and the
grade which different commanders assume actu-
ally and positively in the Army; but it would leave
the President certainly in possession of the power,
if he chose to exercise it, to decide that the pres-
ent General-in-Chief should be the commander of
the lieutenant gencial.
