1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2819
take up the bill (H. R. No. 227) granting lands
to the State of Michigan for the construction of
certain wagon roads for military and postal pur-
There beingno objection,theSenate,as in Com- j
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the i
bill.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with various amendments. The first amend-
ment was in section one, line seven, to strikeout
the word " even" and insert "odd;" and after
the word "of " to insert "public;" andafterthe
word "land" to insert "not mineral;" and in
line twelve to strike out the word " even" and to
insert "odd;" and after the word "of" to in-
sert "public;" and after the word "land" to
insert " not mineral;" so that it wiil read:
That there be, and hereby is, granted to the State of
Michigan, foi the construction of a wagon road for military
and postal purposes, fiom Saginaw city in said State, by
the shortest and mostfeasibleioute,to the Straits of Mack-
inaw, every alternate or odd section of public land not
mmeial foi tlnee miles m width on each side of wild road
to the extent of three sections to the mile. Also for a road
fiom Grand Rapids, in said State, through Newaygo, Trav-
erse City, and Little Traverse, to the Straits of Mackinaw,
every alternate or odd section of public land not mineral
for three sections in width on each side of said road to the
extent of three sections to the mile.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
twenty-one, after the word "be" to strike out
the words " lawful for the commissioners or
agents to be appointed by the Governor of said
State to select (subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Interior) from the even vacant
sections of land belonging to the United States,"
and to insert " the duty of the Secretary of the
Interior to select such lands from the odd sections
or parts of sections."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
thirty-three, to strike out the words " Governor
of the" before the word " State."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, after
the enacting clause, to strike out the words, " that
the benefits of this act shall be forfeited by the
State of Michigan unless the Governor thereof
shall officially communicate his acceptance of the
same to the President of the United States within
six months from the approval of this act: Provided,
That when the Governor shall have so accepted
the grant and shall have the lines of said roads
located, upon his furnishing the Commissioner of
the General Land Office," and to insert in lieu
thereof, " that when the Governor of the State of
Michigan shall furnish the Secretary of the Inte-
rior."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, line
ten, after the word "charts" to strike out the
word " definitely," and in line eleven to strikeout
the word "same"and insert " definite location of
the line ofeach of said roads;"sothatit will read:
That when the Governor of the State of Michigan shall
furnish the Secretary of the Interior with maps and charts,
showing the definite location of the line of each of said
roads, it shall be his duty to have the land granted to each
of said loads withheld from market, and reserved exclu-
sively tor the purposes aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four to
stiike out the following proviso:
Provided further, That incase the Governor of the Bute
of Michigan shall deem it necexary to the letting of eon-
tracts for building the roads to sell or transfer any or all the
lands hereby granted, it shall be lawful for him to do so,
with the express provisions, however, that all bueh ccitifi
catcs foi deeds or patents as he may lind it necesf-aiy to
give shall be in the form of contiacts for deeds oi }>atei)t-<,
to be given only when the conditions of thib grant .tie fully
complied with ; and when the commissioners appointed by
the Governor shall ceitify, under oath, that anj ten consec-
utive miles ol either of said roads aie completed, and the
Governor i^ satisfied thjit the same has been done in ac-
cordance with the third section of this act, he may give
final certificates for patents lor three sections of Kind to,
each mile of road thns completed; and upon the ptcsenta-
tion of £.ueh ceitifieates to the Secretary of State of the
State of Michigan, it shall be lawful for him to execute to j
the party ot pcuties named in said certificates, oi to bis <u )
then dhMgns, patents tot the amount of land called for in ]
s.aid certificates. i
And to insert in lieu thereof: j
And when the said Governor .shall certify to the Secretary j
of the futenoi that any urn cmi>eeutive miles oi either of J
stud roads have been completed under the pioviMon* of
this aet, and in aecoidanee with the thud seetiftn thereof,
siatirigdeiiiulcly whine said completed section of load com-
mences and wheie it terminates, it shall he the duty oi the
said Secretary to cause patenta to Issue to said State for
three sections oi land for each mile of load thus cotnoleted,
as aforesaid, and soon until the whole oi said roads is com-
pleted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, line
forty-two, after the word " be" to strike out the
words "valid if;" in line forty-four, after the
word "road" to insert the words "or for any
road or for any part of any road made before the
passage of this act;" in line forty-six, after the
word " for" to strike out " the first" and to in-
sert "each;" and in line forty-seven to strike
out the words "and so on till the road or roads
are completed,"and insert " completed according
to the provisions of this act;" so that the proviso
will read:
Provided further, That no patents shall be given for any
of the aforesaid lands before the completion of ten consec-
utive miles of road, or for any road or for any pait of any
road made before the passage of this act, or for any gieater
quantify than thirty sections for each ten miles completed
according to the piovisions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the fourth
section of the bill by adding to the end of the
section these words:
Nothing in this proviso, however, shall be construed so
as to prevent the application of so much of the said three
sections per mile as may be necessary to finish anv part of
said road partly made before the passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
whether this bill is agreeable to his views, and
whether it has been before his committee.
Mr. HARLAN. The bill has been before the
Committee on Public Lands, and thearnendments
that have been adopted by the Senate in Commit-
tee of the Whole, were those proposed by the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not desire to disturb
anything about it that I know of. I suppose it
is intended by our western friends that this Gov-
ernment shall never get another dollar out of these
public lands. I only wanted to know whether
there was a fair division of the spoils among
themselves. [Laughter.] If they agree about
it, I have nothing to say.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the passage of this
bill will result m advantage lo the Government in
this: the roads proposed to be built will be con-
structed through a dense forest in the State of
Michigan not now inhabited, or at least very
sparsely inhabited, and if the roads should be
built and alternate sections of land used for that
purpose it will probably bring into market the
remaining sections of the public lands.
Mr. HOWARD. I will add one single word.
One offeet of the passage of this bill will be to
establish a post route between Saginaw, in the
State of Michigan, and Mackinaw, in the same
State, through a dense wilderness, as has been
justly remarked, and through which hitherto the
Government has had no means of transporting
the public mail except by means of a train of dogs
that has passed and repassed over that route dur-
ing the winter, accompanied by men upon snow
shoes, delaying the'mail sometimes three or four
weeks m its passage between those two points.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third lime, and passed.
INTERCOC RSK W1TII INSURRECTIONARY STATES.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Senate to, take up
a veiy important bill for consideration at the
piehent lime, it is Senate bill No. 232, in addi-
tion to the several acts concerning commercial
intei course between loyal and insurrectionary
States, and to provide for the collection of cap-
tured and abandoned property and the preven-
tion of frauds in States declared in insurrection.
Mr. DAVIS. I will not oppose that motion,
but 1 ask the privilege of presenting a joint reso-
lution, that it may be read and printed for the in-
formation of the Senate.
Mi. MORRILL, If the Senator will allow
this bill to comc up, I will not object.
The motion of Mr. Morrill was agreed to.
PEACIS RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DAVIS. I now offer the joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky asks theunanimotf ;con«ent ofthe
Senate to introduce a joint resolution wilhout pre-
vious notice. The Chair hears no'objeetion. The
first reading of the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was read a first time by its
title, as follows: "A joint resolution to-'restore
peace among the people of the United Stated."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will now be read a second time. -< -■
Mr. GRIMES. Icall for the reading of it.
Mr. HOWARD. Let us hear it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
A joint resolution to restore peace among the people oftb'e
United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Slates of America in Congress assembled, That
three years of civil wai in which the enormous expendi-
ture of blood and treasure has no parallel in the world's
history, and whose wide-spiead rapine and diabolical cru-
elties have shocked Christendom,and which, from alie-
nating success, ha* piodueed no essential result-*, prove
that wai was not the proper remedy lor our national trou-
bles. 5
Resolved, That if the people of America would save and
restore their shattered Constitution ami avert from them-
selves and their posterity the slavery of a rnilititiy de.-pot-
lsm and of a public debt, the interest upon winch all the
avails of then labor and economy vyill never meet, they
must bring this war to a speedy close.
Resolved, That the President of the United States be, and
he is heieby, authorized to propose a cessation of arms and
an amnesty to the authorities of the confederate States of
America, with a view to a convention of the people of all
the States to reconstruct their Union; and if that cannot
be effected, then that said convention agree upon the tciins
of a separation of the States without the fuither elTu^iou
of blood, and of a lasting peace among them.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to the reception of
those resolutions.
Mr. DAVIS. They have been already re-
ceived.
Mr. SUMNER. They cannot have been re-
ceived in the dark.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 desire to know what the
motion is before the Senate, and whether that pa-
per has been received yet by the Senate for us
action. If it has not been received, i object to its
reception.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
state the position of the resolution as the Chair
understands it. The Senator from Kentucky de-
sired to introduce it and the Chair called lor an
objection. After the reading of it by its title the
Senator from iowa desired that it should be read
at large for further information,and it now being
read, the Chair is of the opinion thut it is within
the power of any Senator to object to it ut the
present time.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. HOWARD. I object
to it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWARD. Icall the Senator from Ken-
tucky to order.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Chair permit me 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the resolution cannot be leceived.
Mr. HOWARD. It is not then subject to de-
bate.
Mr. DAVIS. I just rise to a question of fact.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky «an go on by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOWARD and Mr. CHANDLER, t
object.
Mr. DAVIS. The Chair does not state the
transaction as it occurred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in the
power of the Senator from Kentucky to appeal
fiom the decision of the Chan, and that question
is open to debate.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the ques-
tion will be, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment ofthe Senate?"
Mr. DAVIS. I justask to state the facts with-
out any comment upon them. I asked leave to
present a joint resolution. The Chair replied that
it would be read if there was no objection. It was
read by its title, and the Chair announced that the
resolution having once been read it was now upon
its second reading. That is the fact.
Mr. JOHNSON. I submit tn the Chair if that
is the fact, as stated according to the recollection
ofthe member from Kentucky, it is too late now
to object to the reception of tlfe resolution; and I
will suggest, with all the respect which I feel for
the Senator from Kentucky, that the better way
to dispose of it is to vote upon it at onee.
