$16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 UK ......       ■■  ■ ■ . ■   
[June 30,
38th Cons.,.. 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Internal Revenue may prescribe such rules as he
may deem netessary for the purpose of carrying
the provisions of this section into effect.
Sec. 66. And be it further enacted, That the en-
-tries Made in the books required to be kept by
the foregoing section shall, on said first day of
each and every month, or within ten days there-
after, be verified by the oath or affirmation of the
person or persons by whom such entries shall
-nave been made, which oath or affirmation shall
,be certified at the end of such entries by the as-
sessor or assistant assessor, or other competent
■officer administering the same, and shall be, in
substance, a.a.follows: " I do swear (or affirm)
that the foregoing entries were made by me on
.the respective days specified, and that they state,
.according to the best of my knowledge and be-
lief, the whole-quantity offermented liquors either
-brewed, or brewed and sold at the brewery owned
by ,—  j in the county of —r, amounting
to barrels.."
Sec. 67; Jhid be it further enacted, That the
owner, agent, or superintendent aforesaid, shall,
4n case the original entries required to be made
in his books shall not have been made by him-
self, subjoin to the oath or affirmation the follow-
ing oath or affirmation, to be taken as aforesaid:
" I do swear (or affirm) that, to the best of my
^knowledge and belief, the foregoing entries are
just and true, and that i have taken all the means
in my power to make them so."
Ssc. 68. And be it further enacted, That the
owner, agent, or superintendent of any vessel or
Vessels used in making fermented liquors, or of
any still, boiler, or other vessel used m the dis-
tillation of spirits on which duty is payable, who
shall neglect or refuse to make true and exact
entry and report of the same, or to do, or cause
to be done, any of the things by law required to
be done as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such
neglect or refusal all the liquors and spirits made
by or for him, andall the vessels used in making
the same, and the stills, boilers, and other vessels
used in distillation, together with the sum of five
hundred dollars, to be recovered with costs of
suite; which said liquors or spirits, with the ves-
sels containing the same, with all the vessels used
in making the same, may be seized by any col-
lector or deputy collector of interiwi- duties, and
held by him until a decision shall be had thereon
according to law; Provided, That such seizure be
made within thirty days after the cause for the
same shall have come to the knowledge of the
collector or deputy collector, and that proceedings
to enforce saia forfeiture shall have [been] com-
menced by such collector within twenty days
after the seizure thereof. And the proceedings
to enforce said forfeiture of said property shall
be in the the nature of a proceeding in rem, in the
circuit or district court of the United States for
the district where such seizure is made, or in any
other court of competent jurisdiction.
Sec. 69. tfind be it farther enacted, That in all
cases in which the duties aforesaid, payable on
spiuts distilled and sold, or removed for consump-
tion or sale, or beer, lager beer, ale, porter, and
other similar fermented liquois, shall not be paid
at the lime of rendering the account of the same,
or at the time when they shall have become pay-
able, as herein required, to the collector or deputy
collector of the district, the person or persons
chargeable therewith shall pay, in addition, ten
per centum on the amount thereof; and, until
such duties, with such addition, shall be paid,
they shall be and remain a lien upon the distillery
where such liquors have been distilled, and upon
the brewery where such liquors have been biewed,
and upon the stills, boilers, vats, and all other im-
plements thereto belonging, and upon the lot or
tract of land whereon the distillery or brewery is
situate, until the same shall have been paid. And
in case of refusal or neglect to pay said duties,
with the addition, within ten days after the same
shall have become payable, the amount thereof
may be recovered by distraint and sale of the
goods, chattels, and effects of the delinquent.
Sec. 70. And be it further enacted, That every
person licensed as aforesaid to distill spirits, or
licensed as a brewer, who shall neglect or refuse
to furnish the account and duplicate thereof, as
hereinbefore provided, or who shall lefuse to per-
mit the said assessor, assistant assessor, collector,
or deputy collector, or inspector to examine the
books in the manner provided for, when re-
quested, shall, for every such refusal or neglect,
forfeit the sum of three hundred dollars.
licenses.
Sec. 71. And be it further enacted, That no per-
son, firm, company, or corporation shall be en-
gaged in, prosecute, or carry on any trade,busi-
ness, or profession, hereinafter mentioned and
described, until he or they shall have obtained a
license therefor in the manner hereinafter pro-
vided.
Sec. 72. And be it further enacted, That every
person, firm, company, or corporation required
by this act to obtain a license to engage in any
trade, business, or profession, for which a license
is required by law, shall register with the assist-
ant assessor of the assessment district, in which
he shall design to carry on such trade, business,
or profession, first,his or their name or style, and
in case of a firm or company, the names of the
several persons constituting such firm or company,
and their places of residence; second, the trade,
business, or profession for which a license is de-
sired; third, the place where such trade, business,
or profession is to be carried on; fourth, if a rec-
tifier, the number of barrels he designs to rectify;
if a peddler, whether he designs to travel on foot,
or with one, two, or more horses; if an innkeeper,
the yearly rental value of the house and property
to be occupied for said purpose; if not rented,
the assistant assessor shall value the same. All
of which facts shall be returned duly certified by
such assistant assessor, both to the assessor and
collector of the district; and thereupon, upon pay-
ment to the collector or deputy collector of the
district the amount as hereinafter provided, such
collector or deputy collector shall make out and
deliver a license for such trade, business, or pro-
fession.
Sec. 73. And be it further enacted, That if any
person or persons shall exercise or carry on any
trade, business, or profession, or do any act here-
inafter mentioned, for the exercising, carrying
on, or doing of which trade, business, or profes-
sion, a license is required by this act, without
taking out such license as in that behalf required,
he, she, or they shall, for every such offense, be-
sides being liable to the payment of the tax, be
subject to imprisonment for a term not exceeding
two years, or a fine not exceeding five hundred
dollars, or both, one moiety of such fine to the
use of the United States, the other moiety to the
use of the person who shall first give information
of the fact whereby said forfeiture was incurred.
Sec. 74. And bs it further enacted, That in every
license to be taken out under or by authority of
this act, shall be contained and set forth the pur-
pose, trade, business, or profession for which
such license is granted, and the name and place
or abode of the person or persons taking out the
same; if for a rectifier, the quantity of spirits au-
thorized to be rectified; if by a peddler, whether
autlwrized to travel on foot, or with or [one,] or
two, or more horses, the time for which such
license is to run,and the date or timeof granting
such license, and (except in the case of auction-
eers and peddlers) the place at which the trade,
business, or profession for which such license is
granted shall be carried on: Provided, That a
license granted under this act shall not authorize
the person or persons, (except lawyers, physi-
cians, surgeons, dentists, cattle brokers, horse
dealers, and auctioneers,) or firm, company, or
corporation mentioned therein, to exercise or
carry on the trade, business, or profession speci-
fied in such license in any other place than that
mentioned therein, or otherwise provided; but
nothing herein contained shall prohibit the storage
of goods, wares, or merchandise in other places
than the place of business, nor the sale by man-
ufacturers or producers of their own goods,
wares, and merchandise, at the place of produc-
tion or manufacture, or at their principal office
or place of business, provided no goods, wares,
and merchandise shall be kept for sale at such
office. And every person exercising orcarrying
on any trade, business, or profession, or doing
any act for which a license is required, shall, on
demand of any officer of internal revenue, pro-
duce such license, and unless he shall do so, may
be taken and deemed to "have no license. And in
case any peddler shall refuse to produce his or her
license when demanded by any officer of internal
revenue, said officer may seize the horse, wagon,"
and contents, or paok, bundle, or basket of any
person so refusing, and hold the same until the
license is produced. Andall licenses granted after
the first day of May in any year shall continue
in force until the first day of May next succeed-
ing, and shall be issyed upon the payment of a
ratable proportion of the whole amount of duty
imposed for such license; and each license so
granted shall be dated on the first day of the
month in which the liability therefor accrued.
Sec. 75. And be it further enacted, That upon
the death of any person or persons licensed under
or by virtue of this act, or upon the removal of
any person or persons from the house or prem-
ises at which the trade, business, or profession
mentioned in such license, was authorized,it may
and shall be lawful for the collector to authorize,
by indorsement on such license, or otherwise,as
tha-Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall di-
rect, the person or persons so removing, as afore-
said, to any other place, to carry on the trade,
business, or profession specified in such license,
at the place to which such person may have re-
moved,or the executors or administrators, or the
wife or child of such deceased person, or the as-
signee or assigns of such person or persons so
removing as aforesaid, who shall be possessed of
and occupy the house or premises before used for
such purpose as aforesaid, in like manner to ex-
ercise or carry on the same trade, business, or
profession mentioned in such license, in or upon
the same house or premises at which said person
or persons, as aforesaid, deceased or removing
as before mentioned, by virtue of such license
before exercised or carried on such trade, busi-
ness, or profession, for or during the residue of
the term for which such license was originally
granted, without taking out any fresh license for
the residue of such term, until the expiration
thereof: Provided always, That a fresh entry of
the premises at which such trade, business, or
profession shall continue to be exercised or car-
ried on, as aforesaid, shall thereupon be made by,
and m the name or names of, the person or per-
sons to whom such authority,as aforesaid, shall
be granted.
Sec. 76. And beitfurther enacted, That in every
case where more than one of the pursuits, em-
ployments, or occupations, hereinafter described,
shall be pursued or carried on in the same place
by the same person at the same time, except as
thereiivmentioned, license must be taken out for
each according to the rates severally prescribed:
Provided, That in cities and towns having a less
population than six thousand peisons according
to the last preceding census, one license, if so
applied for, may embrace the business of land-
warrant brokers, claim agents, and real estate
agents, upon payment of the highest fee for
licenses applicable to either one of said pursuits.
Sec. 77. And be it further enacted, That no auc-
tioneer shall be authorized, by virtue of his
license as such auctioneer, to employ any other
person to act as auctioneer in his behalf, except
in his own store or warehouse, or in his presence,
or by virtue of said license to sell any goods or
other property at private sale; and any auctioneer
who shall sell any goods or commodities, other-
wise than by auction, without having taken out
a license for that purpose, shall be subject and
liable to the penalty imposed upon persons deal-
ing in, or retailing, trading, or selling any such
goods or commodities without license, notwith-
standing any license granted, asaforesaid, for the
purpose of exercising or carrying on the trade or
business of an auctioneer; and where such goods
or commodities are the property of any peison or
persons duly licensed to deal in, or retail, or trade
in, or sell the same, such person or persons hav-
ing made lawful entry of his, her, or their house
or premises for such purpose, it shall and may be
lawful for any person exercising or carrying on
the trade or business of an auctioneer beingduly
licensed for that purpose, to sell such goods or
commodities for and on behalf of such person or
