THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
Mr.cDAVlS. I do not rare what disposition
the Senate makes of it, I should like to have the
resolution printed*
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that as the resolution was about to be
read a second time the Senator from Iowa called
for its reading at large for information.
Mr. DAVIS. The Chair announced that it
was on its second .reading.
QQLLAMEK. 1 take it when a resolu-
tion is introduced hece, and it is read by its title,
we do not know from that what it is, and gentle-
men wish before making objection to the reception
of a paper that the paper be read, and it is read
that time for information, to see whether we will
object to it or not. Otherwise men are obliged
to make their objections without knowing what
the thing is at all.
"Mr. DAYIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to say a word? Ali I ask is that the
resolution be primed. I have no objection to the
Senate making any disposition of it that it may
please.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it that the gentle-
man by having it offered and objected to and not
received will get it printed in the Globe; but I take
it it cannot be printed by the Senate until it is
received.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will by on the appeal taken from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON. The difference between the
course proposed by members who have objected
to the reception of the resolution and the point
which I suggest will, I think, be in the public
estimation very important. The objection to the
reception of the resolution rules the resolution out,
if 1 understand the rule, if a majority of the Sen-
ate shall sustain the objection. If ihat is taken
now, it will appear by that vote, apparently un-
explained, that there is but a majority of the Sen-
ate, or may be but a majority oi' the Senate, op-
posed to the resolution. , 1 think the resolution is
of that character that it is very important to have
the Senate decide upon it at once, so that the
public may know, and that the rebels may know,
what is the opinion of the Senate upon this prop-
osition.
ft is hardly necessary to say for myself that I
shall vote against the resolutions, each one of
them, not only because I think them ill advised
in the ordinary acceptation of the term, but be-
cause 1 think their adoption would be seriously
mischievous to the cause in which we are now
enlisted. 1 should very much prefer, therefore,
that the Senate should at once come to a vote (to
which I do not understand that the member from
Kentucky has any objection) upon the resolutions
themselves,and see how many Senators there tire
opposed to the propositions contained in the reso-
lutions and how many in favor of them, a fact
which will not bo ascertained by a mere question
upon their reception.
Mr. CONNKSS. I am willing that the vote
nhall be taken now,and would prefer that it should
be taken, but not upon the adoption of the res-
olutions. Sir, those are extraordinary resolu-
tions. They contain, among other language, a
recognition or admission that there is* such a
Power as the confederate States of America, i
object to that, and to the lecepfton of any docu-
ment containing that language. If the Senate
could take a direct vote upon the reception of the
resolutions I think it would be well to ascertain
how many Senators there are who are willing to
receive such a paper; but for one, L am not in
favor of letting the resolutions pass to the ques-
tion of their adoption or rejection.
Mr. POMEROY. I am sure the decision of
the Chair is entirely in harmony with the course
that the Senate pursues eveiy day. These reso-
lutions were piesented by theScnator from Ken-
tucky Uy the courtesy of the Senator fiom Maine
who had just had a bill brought up before the
Senate. He asked leave of the Senator from
Maine to introduce these resolutiohs. The Chair
lect'ived the resolutions in order that the Senate
might know what was their character. The final
question upon their reception or whether Sena-
tor should object oi not could not be determined
until they weie read. The Senator from Iowa
desired to have the resolutions read in detail.
They have been read. Then was the proper
time for the Senate to decide whether they would
receive them or not. As soon as they were read,
the almost spontaneous sentiment of the Senate
was that they should not be received. That is
the decision of the Senate which I think should
be sustained.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If these resolutions
are properly before the Senate 
Mr. POMEROY. They are not before the
Senate. The decision of the Chair is that they
are not.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The decision of the
Chair as I understand is that they are before the
Senate, but not for present consideration, objec-
tion being made. If they are before the Senate I
move their rejection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the appeal taken from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the Sen-
ate I will withdraw that appeal and simply ask
that the resolutions be printed by order of the
Senate, and theSenate can vote whether they will
print them or not.
Mr. POMEROY and Mr. SUMNER. I ob-
ject to their printing.
The PRESIDENT pro ■tempore. Does the
Chair understand the appeal to be withdrawn?
Mr. DAVIS. Then 1 will not withdiaw it.
Mr. HOWARD. If I understand the posture
of this question rightly, it is this: tl\e Chair has
decided that the document offered by the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky has not been re-
ceived by the Senate, and is not, therefore, the
proper subject of its action; for such I believe
would be the consequence of the non-reception
of the paper. If we have not received Jt we can-
not act upon it; it is not before us for considera-
tion in any sense. I understand the Senator from
Kentucky to have Uken his appeal from that de-
cision of the Chair; and the question now before
the Senate is one of fact simply, and nothing but j
fact; and it is, whether we have actually received j
this paper which has been piesented by the Sen- '
ator from Kentucky for our consideration, or
whether we have not received it. Upon that sub-
ject I have but one opinion. * I hope the question
will be taken on the subject-matter of the appeal
whether we have received it or not; in other
word*, whether the simple reading of a paper to
the Senate for the information of the Senate as
to its contents, and for the purpose of enabling
the Senate to determine in their own minds
whether they will receive the paper is, in itself,
a reception of the paper. It seems to me to in-
volve such an absurdity as not to admit of any
discussion.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to call for the order
of business of the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Let us dispose of
this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that it is too late for the Senator from
Maine to object, this having been undertaken by
unanimous consent.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like for us
to set our foot on this thing at once and put an
end to it.
Mr. GRIMES. When this resolution was
introduced it was read a lii$t time by its title.
The Chnir then said that the resolution would be
read a second time, and i called for its reading at
large J take it that the resolution was before
the Senate, having been rend once in the ordi-
nary foim in which bills and joint resolutions are
read, ltcnce it seems to me that the motion of
the Senator from Indiana is in order to reject tiie
resolution, and m that way we can have a posi-
tive and direct vote and a fair expression of the
sentiment of the Senate on the subject embraced
m the lesolution.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to state one single, fact.
The Senator from Michigan and myself do not
recollect the facts exactly alike. When the Sen-
ator fiom Maine moved to take up his bill out of
its order I rose and addressed the Chair, and said
that I would object simply for the purpose of
presenting a joint resolution, merely to have it
read and printed for the information of the Sen-
ate. Tha Senator from Maine then requested !
mo to waive my objection to his motion until his j
bill was taken up, and then he would not object !
to my presentation of the resolution for the pur- i
pose which I had declared. After his bill was j
taken up and the Chair had announced that it I
was before the Senate, I rose and addressed the
Chair and the Chair addressed me. I then pre-
sented a joint resolution. The Chairannounced
that the Senator from Kentucky asked leave to
present a joint resolution and it would be read*
for the information of the Senate. Any gentle-
man had the privilege at that stage of the busi-
ness to call for its reading at latge, but no Sen-
ator asked for its reading at large, and the Clerk
proceeded to read it by its title. It was then
read by its title, and the Chair announced that
the resolution having been read once the ques-
tion will be, "Shall it be read a second time?"
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, M Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
The question being put, the decision of the
Chair was sustained, and the joint resolution
was not received.
INTERCOURSE WITH INSUItltKCTIONAKY STATES.
Mr.-MORRILL. I now call for the considera-
tion of my bill.
TheSenate, asin Committeeof the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 232) in addi-
tion to the several acts concerning commercial
intercourse between loyal and insurrectionary
States, and to provide for the collection of cap-
tured and abandoned property and the prevention
of frauds in States declared in insurrection, which
had been reported by the Committee on Com-
merce with amendments. The first amendment
was to strike out the first, second, and third sec-
tions of the bill, after the enacting clause, in the
following words:
That -alesoi captured and abandoned property under the
act approved March 12, 1863, may be made at such places
in States declared in insurrection as may be designated by
tiie Secietai y <>t the Treasury, as welt as at oilier places now
authnuzed by said act.
Src. •}. Ami he it further enacted, That in addition to the
enptuied and abandoned property to be received, collected,
and disposed of', as piovidrd m said act, the -aid ngenN
-hall take charge of and lease, tor peiiods not exceeding
twelve mouths, the abandoned lands, bouses, and tene-
ments within the distuets theiein named, and .shall also
provide, m such leases or otherwise, tor the employment
and geneial weltare of all peisous within the lines of
national indmuy occupation within said insuirectionary
States touncrly held as slaves-, who uie or shall become
tree. 1'iopeity, real or personal, shall be regaidedus aban-
doned when the lawful owner theieof shall be voluntauty
absent therefrom, and engaged, either m arms oi othei-
wise, in aiding or encouraging the rebellion.
Si:e. 3. Jlnd he it further enacted, That all moneys arising
from the leasing of abandoned lands, houses,and tenements,
or from sales ot captuied and abandoned piopeity collected
and -sold m pursuance of said actoi o( tln-5 act, or from fees
collected under the rules and regulations made by the Sec-
retary ot the Treasury, and approved by the President, dated
ret-peetively the23th day of August, 186;2, the 31-t day of
March, ami the 11th day of September, 1863, or'iinder any
amendment-* or modiiieations thereol, which have been or
shall be made by the Secietaiy oftheTieasury uud approved
by the lJt osidenf, for conducting the eoinmeicnil inteicourse
which has been oi shall be licenced and peumttod by the
I'i evident, wan and In States declared in in-iu lection, shall,
attoi satisfying theiefioiu all propei and neces^aiy expenses
to be apptoved by the Secactaiy of the Tieasury,he paid
into the'l'iea-iny of the Umled States; and all account-, of
moneys leoeivcd or expended in connection therewith shall
be audited by the pioper accounting olftcers of the Tieasury.
And to insert in heu thereof:
That the fir^t section ot the u act !o provide for the col-
lection of abandoned piopertyand lor the prevention ot
baud in insurrectionary districts in the United States," ap-
pioved M.ucb 10, 1663, is hereby extended so a-- to include
ihe descnptions of propei ty mentioned in an act entitl"d
"An act further to piovide foi the collection of duties oil
imports, and for other purposes," approved July 1J, 1861,
and an act entitled "An act to suppress lussuiiectiou, to
puni-h treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the
pioperty of icbels, and toi other purposes/' approved July
IT, 18o2, ic^pectivoly; and that the pale?, provided for in
-aid net fust mentioned may be made atsucli places as may
be designated by the Secretary oi' the Tieasury. And section
-ix of said fast-mentioned act is hereby amended so as to
an hide eveiy description ot pioperty ment'oned in the acta
of July 13, 1C61, and July 17, 1862, aforesaid ; and that all
property, ieal or personal, described m the acts to which
this i-. in addition, shall be legended a* abandoned when
the lawful owner thereof shall be voluntarily absent there-
trom, and engaged, eitbei m arms or otherwise, in aiding
or encouiagmg the rebellion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, line
three, after the word *' thereto" to strike out the
vvords"are hereby extended"and to insert " shall
apply;" and m line six, after the word " being"
to insert the words " within districts;" so that it
will read:
St:c. 4. And. be it further enacted. That the prohibition*
and provisions of the actappiovcd July 13,1861, and ot the
acts amertuatyry or supplementary then to," shall apply to all
commcicial intercourse by and between persons residing or
being within districts within tho present or future lines of
