■798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Sortiye gentlemen say that the object of this bill
is to 'quicken the President in relation to that mat-
ter., to prick him on to the appointment of some
more competent man to the office of lieutenant
general than the present General-in-Chief, and who
may take rank and command over the General-
in-Chief. In that point of view, it seems to me
"to -be an improper sort of indirection in the pro-
ceedings of the Senate. It has not ^hat frankness
an^l openness which, according to my judgment,
all the action of the Senate in relation to the Pres-
ident or in relation to the Commander-in-Chief of
our armies and navies ought to have. I think if
he was to act with due dignity and self-respect he
would totally disregard any suggestions or moni-
tions or intimations that the Senate might give
him'in relation to this matter; that if he thinks
the creation of the office advisable, and that it
would result to the public good and to the effi-
ciency of the Army, lie should give the measure
his approbation; and after it had become the law
appoint whom he pleased to fill the office of lieu-
tenant general. Certainly he ought to do so.
But, sir, I apprehend that the crcation of this
office will have the effect of producing some con-
fusion in relation to the administration of the mil-
itary affairs of the country between the lieutenant
general and the General-in-Chief, in which proba-
bly the President may be brought to act a part.
Therefore, upon that ground I would vote against
the bill.
But 1 intend to vote against it upon other
grounds. I have a high opinion of the military
"capacity of General Grant, but not that exalted
one which some Senators have avowed. From
the time of the capture of the Post of Arkansas
by his army to the present, I think all his mili-
tary operations have been eminently successful,
and have been characterized by ability, courage,
arid fortitude. Previous to that time I think his
military career was a failure. But, sir, we are
not through with this war yet. There is a great
deal still to be done to bring it to a successful
close—enough to tax, I think, all the ability of
all our military commanders and all the couiage
and endurance of our soldiery. We are not yet
out of the woods, to use a common phrase. Gen-
eral Grant has not achieved his whole work. He
is about to enter upon a new field of operations
comparatively to him, and what will be the
amount and measure of his success nobody can
conjecture. I believe that it will be attended with
success, and probably with signal success; but 1
do not feel enough assurance of those results to
create for him the high office of lieutenant gen-
eral, which, in my judgment, ought to be insti-
tuted only after the war is over, and then as a
reward to crown the services and the genius of
the best general that has appeared in the course
of the war.
General Grant may fail. It is possible that he
may fail in the coming campaign. He may not
be able to sustain thatjust fame which lie has won
since his campaign up the Arkansas river, and
especially the gieateampaign which he made pre-
ceding the battle of Vickbburgand in the rapture
of that stronghold itself. I think that in that cam-
paign and in the series of battles that preceded the
surrender of Vicksburg, he displayed very gieat
military capacity, and a stubbornness and firmness
of courage and of purpose, and fortitude as a sol-
dier and a commander, and a singleness of devo-
tion to his field of operations and to his profes-
sion, that are in the highest degree honorable to
him. I hope and believe that he will be able to
sustain this just and high fame which he has won;
but he may lailin doingso. Hcmay not beabie
to sustain it. If so, and he should make any mis-
takes, or any signal failures, it would not look
very apposite  \nd becoming that he should be the
recipient of this grade of heutenantgencral, which
in my opinion ought to be the crowning honor
and glory of the first military man that the coun-
try will bring forth.
If it added anything to his capacity, to his
courage and resources, to the valorand endurance
of his armies, if it promised to do any good
whatever, to make our military operations more
effective and successful, and above all to brine
them to a speedy and brilliant close—for that is
the great consummation which 1 desire from my
heart of hearts—if these fruits would in any de-
gree be more apt to result from the creation of
this office and the appointment of General Grant
to it, I should give what little influence I have to
the measure; and then I would rejoice that the
office had been created and that General Grant
had been called upon tofillit. But,sir,believing
that the passage of this bill, the creation of this
office, and the installation of General Grant in it
will effect nothing whatever material to the suc-
cess of the operations of the Army; that the step
is premature; that, in addition to that, it may re-
sult in a clashing of authority between him and
the present General-in-Chief, and may also em-
barrass the President of the United States in some
decisions of contested authority and rank between
the two officers, and in other points of view, I
feel constrained to vote against the bill. I have
merely stated the grounds upon which I intend
to give my vote, having desired that the vote
should not be taken by yeas and nays, and that I
might be enabled to give a silent vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the passage of the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Conness,
Dixon, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Halo, Hailan,
Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of In-
diana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Ramsey,
Sherman, Sprngue,Sumnei, Ten J3yck,Van Winkle, Wade,
Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson—31.
NAYS—-Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Harding, Powell,
Saulsbury, and Wught—(i.
So the bill was passed.
ARMING OF KANSAS MILITIA.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed to
communicate to the Senate the reasons ttiat have here-
tofore piovcnted the arming of the militia of the State of
Kansas.
PAY OF COLORED TROOPS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 125, to encourage immigration, with a
view to have it come up as the unfinished busi-
ness to-morrow morning. I do not think it will
take long to dispose of it.
Mr. WILSON. I wish the Senator would give
way to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is anything special
I will do so.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to take up the
joint resolution in regard to the pay of colored
froops to-morrow, and dispose of it. It is very
important to have action upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will notinterpose any ob-
jection to that, and will give way for that purpose;
but 1 desire to call the attention of the Senate to
this bill to encourage immigration. Iwishtogive
notice that I shall cailitupatan early day. 1 do
not suppose it will take much time to dispose of it.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the
joint resolution to equalize the pay of troops in
the United States Army.
Mr. HALE. 1 have no objection to having that
resolution taken up and voted upon to-morrow,
but I simply rise to notify the Senate that 1 shall
deem it my duty, as soon as that resolution is dis-
posed of, at an early hour to-morrow, to move
to go into executive session. There are some mat-
ters that ought to be attended to at once m execu-
tive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole resumed the considera-
tion of the joint resolution (S. No. 23) to'equal-
ize the pi\y of soldiers in the United States Army.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE WITH ELECTIONS.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the Senator to withdraw
that motion for a moment to allow me to have a
bill taken up with a view of making it a special
order.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. 1 withdraw it.
Mr. POWELL. 1 move to take up the bill to
prevent officers and soldiers of the Army of the
United States interfering in elections in the States,
for the purpose of making it the special order for
some day next week. Any day next week that
will suit the Senate will be satisfactory to me.
The motion whs Agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 37) to prevent officers of the
Army and Navy, and other persons engaged in
the military and naval service of the United States,
from interfering in elections in the States.
Mr. POWELL. I now move that it be made
the special order for Thursday of next week, at
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I now renew my mo-
tion for an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 24, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MASONIC HALL ASSOCIATION.
Mr. BENNET, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for a charter of a Masonic Hall
Association; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
NEW CONSULATES, ETC.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-,
mous consent, laid before the House executive
communications addressed to him in regard to an
amendment to the laws on the subject of the ad-
ministration of oaths to the owners ofgoods, wares,
and merchandise liable to entry; and in regard to
the establishment of new consulates in Canada;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. • •
FIRE IN GLOUCESTER.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a statement, which I know
the House will be willing to hear, and on which
I think they will be glad to take such action as
I shall propose.
Mr. COX. What is it about? We may be in-
volved in a protracted debate.
Mr. ALLEY. It is a matter connected with
the recent fire in Gloucester,Massachusetts; and
the proposition I intend to make, if the House
permits its introduction, is dictated by every con-
sideration of justice and every feeling of humanity.
"Mr. FINCK. There will be no objection if we
on this side of the House are allowed to record
our votes against the enrollment bill.
Mr. ALLEY. If there be the slightest objec-
tion, I will withdraw the resolution when it shall
have been read.
Mr. FINCK. I do not object.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, during the severe
cold weather of the last week it will be remem-
bered that the business portion of the town of
Gloucester, in the State of Massachusetts, was
almost entirely consumed by fire. The internal
revenue collector of that congressional district has
written to the Treasury Department to allow him
to suspend the collection of the taxes for internal
revenue for the present from the sufferers by that
fire. It will be remcmbeied by gentlemen of the
House who have seen the account of it in the
newspapers, that a great many families were
turned out of doors, and such a scene of desola-
tion and suffering has scarcely ever before been
witnessed in that section of the country. The
Treasury Department find that they have no power
to grant the request of the collector of that district,
and with its approval I submit a joint resolution
for the action of the House.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Wheieas the town of Gloucester, in the State of Massa-
chusetts, has her-n recently visited hyaterrible destructive
conflagration in which almost the whole business portion
of the town was destioyed : Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representative s,
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue be authorized
under the instructions of the Secretary of the Treasury to
suspend the collection of taxes for internal revenue fiom
the sufferers by said firp in such manner and for such time
as the Secretary of the'ficasury shall think expedient and
proper. #
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I do notobject to the res-
olution; but I suggest to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to amend it so as also to exemptthose
who have lost their stock by the severe cold
weather in the West.
Mr. COX. I hope that the resolution will be
referred.
Mr. KING. I object to the resolution, lask
unanimous consent to make a statement.
