1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
national military occupation in the States or parts of States
declared in insurrection.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end of
the fourth section the following:
Whether with each other or with persons residing or be-
ing within distucts declared in insurrection and not within
those lines; and that all persons within the United States
not native or naturalized citizens thereof shall he smhjpct
to the same prohibition? in all commercial intercourse with
inhabitant* of States or parts ol States declared in insur-
rection as citizens of loyal States are subject to under the
said net or acts.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
one, after the word " that" to insert the words
"so much of;" in line three,after the word "two*'
to insert " and the fourth section of the act ap-
proved March 12, 1863, as directs;" and in line
five to strike out the word " directing;" so that
the section will read;
Sec. 6. slnd he it further enacted, That so much of the
fifth bectiou of the act approved May 20.1862, and the
fourth section of thp act approved March 12, 1863, as di-
rects the manner of distributing fines, penalties, and forfeit-
ures, is hereby repealed, and that in lieu ot the distribution
thereby directed to be made to informers, collectors, aud
other officers of the customs, the court decreeing condem-
nation may award such compensation to customs officer^,
Informers, or other persons, for any service connccted
therewith, as wiil tend to promote vigilance m protecting
the public interests, and as shall be ju>t and equitable, m
r o case, however, to exceed the aggiegate amount hereto-
fore directed by the said fifth section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven, line
three, after the word "States" to strike out the
words "not under the laws of blockade," and
in line six, after the word " provided" to insert
the words " in this act and;" so that it will read:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further cnartcd, That no property seized
or taken upon any of the inland waters of the United
States by the naval forces thereof shall be regarded as
maritime prize ; but all propeity so seized or taken s-hall
be promptly delivered to the proper otficers of the court*,
or as provided in this act and in the said act approved
March 12,1863.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
eighth section, as follows:
Sec. 8. JSvd ie it further enacted, That it phall be law-
ful for the Secretary of the Treasury, with the approval of
the President, to authorize agents to purchase for the United
States any products of States declared in insurieetion, at
sucil places theiein as f-hall be designated by him, at such
prices as shall be agreed on with the seller, not exceeding
thu market value thereof at the. place of deliveiy, nor ex-
ceeding three fouilhb of the maiket value theieof in the
city of New Yoik, at the latent quotations known to the
agent purchasing;: Provided, That no pa l tot the purchase
money lor any products so purchased shall be paid, or
agreed to be paid, out of any other fund than that arising
fiom property sold as captured or abandoned, or pyicluused
and sold under the piovi-nons of this act. All piopeity so
purchased >haU be torwauted for sale at such place oi
places as shall be designated by the Secrotaiy of the Tieas-
ury, and the moneys arising theret'iom, after payment ot
the purchase money and the other expeiiMis connected
therewith, shall be paid into-the Treasiny of the United
States; and the accounts of all moneys so received and
paid fchall he rendered to and audited by the proper account-
ing officers ot the Treasuiy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing as additional sections:
Sec. —. Jtnd be it further enacteds That §o much of sec-
tion five of the act ol 13th of Jnlv, 1861, afoiesaid, as au-
thorizes the President in his discretion to license ot peunir
commercial relations in any State or section the inhabit-
ants of which arc declared in a state of iusunucuon, is
hereby repealed. ^
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That all officers and
privates of the regular and volunteer foicea of the United
States, and all officer*, sailors, and marines in the naval
service, aie herebv prohibited fiom buying or selling, trad-
ing, or in any way dealing m the land or' description ot
piopeity mentioned m this act, and the act to which this
is in addition, whereby to receive' or expect any profit,
benefit, or advantage to himself or any other petson di-
leetiy or indirectly connected with him; and it shall be
the duty ot auch officer, puvare, sailor, or marine, when
such piopeity shall come into his possession or custody,
or within ins control, to give notice thereof to some agent
-appointed by viitue ot this act, and to turn the same over
to Inch a«PHt without delay. And lor any violation ot the
piovisioiia hereof the othcer, private, sailor, or marine so
offendiii" shall be liable to the penalties mentioned m the
sixth section of the act of 12m of March, 1863, alore^id,
and shall also be liable to indictment as ioi amisdemeanoi,
and fined not exceeding $5,000, and to punishment in the
penitentiary not exceeding tlnee years, bcfoie any court
competent to try the &«ane.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. The importance of this bill
justifies and perhaps demands that I should state
to the Senate its character and effect, _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
have to interrupt the Sena-tor to call for the spe-
cial order of the clay.
Mr. MORRILL. What is the order for one
o'clock?
Mr. WILSON. The bill that we adjourned
upon last night, and which it is very important
should be acted on to-day. We want to get it to
the House of Representatives, so that the Mili-
tary Committee of that House may have it to-
morrow morning. I will ask the Senator if he
thinks he can get this bill through in a brief time.
Mr. MORRILL. I suppose it will not occupy
much time. I cannot answer for it. It is a bill
of great importance, and it is desirable that it
should pass at an early day and go to the House
of Representatives; but still I cannot assure the
Senator that it will not be likely to give rise to
much discussion.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator had bet-
ter give way, and let the bill we adjourned on
last night be taken up and considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is before the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the special
order be postponed with a view to proceed with
this bill.
Mr WILSON. Let it be done informally.
Mr. MORRILL. If the bill occupies much of
the time of the Senate I shall not insist upon it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not think it will lead
to debate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope this bill may go
over. I have not had time to examine it; but I
find that it is a bill that will very seriously affect
the people 1 represent.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the Senator allow me
to explain it?
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection to
that; but I do not want it acted upon to-day, as
I have not had time to examine it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, the special order will be informally
postponed to allow the present consideration of
the bill which has been before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. After the suggestion made by
the Senator from Missouri, it seems to me that
this bill is likely to take some little time, and I
think it is of great importance to dispose of the
other measure to-day.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let the Senator from
Maine make an explanation of the bill. I should
like to hear it.
Mr. JOHNSON. A mere explanation will
take but very little time.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, the special order will be postponed to
allow the Senator from Maine to proceed. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. MORRILL. I will state in the first place,
Mr. President, the general character of the bill.
It is twofnlS. It relates to the commercial in-
tercourse between the loyal States and the States
in insurrection, and it provides for the collection
of abandoned and captured property. I will refer
the Senate to the statutes which are affected by it.
Ey the act of March 12, 1863, it was provided
that the Secretary of the Treasury should appoint
certain agents whose business it should, be to col-
lect, in the States declared by the President in in-
surrection, property, winch was denominated in
that act abandoned property. By the act of J uly
17, 1862, certain,property was declared to be for-
feited to the United States; or, in other words,
all the property of certain classes 91; persons, in
rebellion against the United States was declared
forfeited and denominated prize of war. By the
preceding act, the act of July 13,1861, certain prop-
erty was declared forfeited which should be found
in transit between the States 111 insurrection and
the loyal States. In other words, all intercourse
between the States in insurrection and the loyal
States was declared illegal, and eill property at-
tempted to be carried from one section of the
country to the other was declared forfeited.
The first amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce to this bill extends the provision of the act
of 1863, whereby the Secretary was authorized to
appoint agents to collect abandoned property, to
the two preceding acts, and makes it his duty to
collect, within our lines, all property both aban-
doned and declared forfeited by those acts to the
Government of the United States; and that is the
extent of the bill on that subject. Ey the act of
July 13, 1861, as I have already stated, all inter-
course between the States in insurrection and the
loyal States was declared illegal; but there was
this proviso: , ,
" Provided, however, That the President may, in Ills <8^.
cretion, license and permit commercial.intercourse with
any such part of said State or sectio.i, tlie inhabitants of
wilicli are so declared in a state of insurrection,'In such
articles, and for such time, and by such persons, as her iS
his discretion, may think most conducive to* the publi.c in-
terest ; and such intercourse, so far as by him licensed,
shall be conducted and carried on only In" pursuance of
rules and regulations prescribed by the Secreuuyof tlie
Treasury. And the Secretary of the Treasury myy appoint
such officers at places where officers of the customs are mil
now authorized by law as may be needed to parry Into ef-
fect'such licenses, ruies, and regulations; and officers of
the customs and other officers shall receive for services
under this section, and under said rules and" regulations,
such fees and compensation as are now allowed for sim-
ilar service under other provisions of law."
It will be seen, then, that upon this statute of
1861, as a general proposition, all commercial in-
tercourse between the loyal States and the States
m insurrection was absolutely prohibited, with
the proviso that the President might authorize
and permit such trade in such articles ashe deemed
necessary between those States. Under that.pro-
viso the Secretary of the Treasury ordained cer-
tain rules and regulations for the tradp between
the insurrectionary and the loyal States; and it
is understood that a very large trade has sprung
up under those regulations; so that the commit-
tee were led to beiieve that the, exception came
very near being the rule itself; that the intercourse
which the act of 1861 had declared illegal between
the States had been rendered legal by the rulps
and regulations of the Treasury Department, and
trade between those sections, that is, the contigu-
ous sections, was very little restricted; and under
those rules and regulations it is believed that a
system of general abuse grew up.
The committee, therefore, to restore the statute
of 18G1 to its original purpose, provided for the
repeal of that proviso, andas the bill now stands,
as reported by the committee, all commercial in-
tercourse between tlie,States in insurrection and
the loyal States is declared illegal.
Mr. HENDERSON. Tennessee has been de-
clared in insurrection. Would this bill prevent
any .trade with any part of Tennessee ?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir; tltebillof thp.com-
mittee prevents any commercial, intercourse be-
tween any State declared by the President to be
in a state of insurrection and the inhabitants of a
loyal State.
Mr. HENDERSON. But suppose some of
the ports were declared open,under another law?
Mr. MORRILL. That would be an excep-
tion. . . '
Mr. HENDERSON. I do, not find it m this
bill. , , 1 ,
Mr. MORRILL. If, I am understood, then,
two propositions are c^ijtainea in the.biiltj tlie first
is to prohibiten commercial',)r)tercoursje between
the States and sections which by the act of 1861
are authorized to be declared in a state pf insur-
rection by the President, and the proviso of the
act of 1861 which authorises the Prevalent to
grant and permit licenses in such cases ^abso-
lutely repealed. ■ . ,, ,
The next proposition is that it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury to appoint agents
whose business it shall be within our lines to,cq'1-
lectall abandoned property and all property wbiph
by the act of 1861, and the subsequent act of 1862,
was declared to be captured, and proceeds upon
the idea that, it being the property of tHeUmfed
States by those acts, H is to be'eonverted for the
support of the Army and for the Treasury.
Perhaps I ought to state one other section, the
seventh section of the amended bill, which is only
in addition by way of enforcing the foregoing
provisions. It has been found that 111 allthis,re-
gion of country a very large trade spraiig up, and
it is believed to have proved very injurious to tl#o
public service. Officers of the Army and officers
of the Navy have been largely engaged in ofie
way or another in trade in the prod.uctsof ,that
country. Section seven prohibits officers of the
Army and of the Navy, and soldiers .in the Army
and sailors and maiines m the naval service from
engaging in trade or in any way interfering with
tins property, except as their duty may require
them to turn the property over to the commercial
agents appointed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
