1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
o.
— . -- ^
provision for them, or their blood will be on our
hands. "VVe shall beheld responsible in the judg-
ment of posterity, at the bar of public opinion,
and before that Higher Tribunal to which all
must give account.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, leaving
out one or two expressions, which the Senator has
repeated over and over again, we should hardly
know what he had been talking about, except
about the prosecution of this war and the neces-
sity of the Government to confine all its powers
anS all its forces to suppress this rebellion. Now,
sir, what is the case? The House of Represent-
atives sent to the Senate a bill for the organiza-
tion of the Territory of Montana, in which there
was a section limiting the right of suffrage in that
Territory at the first election for membeis of the
first Legislative Assembly in that Territory, and
at the first meeting of the Legislative Assembly the
men so elected are by law to limit the rightof suf-
frage thereafter in the Territory. Wha* do the
House of Representatives piovide in that bill?
They provide that any man whose skin is white,
of the age of twenty-one years, who has lived
in that Territory thirty days, shall be permitted
tovoteand hold office. They allow Englishmen,
Frenchmen, Germans, Chinamen, traders, men
from the rebellious States, men from anywhere,
holding any creed, any faith, monarchists, haters
of republican liberty—everybody is permuted to
go into this Territory and vote and In.Id office.
When the bill was under consideration in the
Senate I mowed to stiike out the words " white
male inhabitant" and to insert " male citizens of
the-United States and those who have declared
their intention to become such," so that they and
they only should vote and hold office. The hon-
orable Senator seems to think that that proposition
is going to distract the people and rend this Gov-
ernment in twain. Sir, let us look at: the picture
before us. Here are some soldiers marching
along the streets to-day, and it created such an
excitement that the Senate was obliged to take a
recess, for nobody would remain m their seats
and listen to the honorable Senator. Ton thou-
sand of the very men against whom the Senator
has been making a speech for two hours to-day
—ten thousand negroes—me now marching down
the streets of this city to cross over the Potomac
and to cuter into perhaps the most deadly light
that ever took place upon this globe. And yet
the Senator seems to think, because I moved an
amendment to prevent foieigners and rebels from
young and holding office in Una Territory and to
limit that right to citizens of the United States,
and those who are willing and ha\e h-gally de-
clared their intention to become such, that it is a
terrible proposition ! 1 do not think there is any-
thing very bad in it, i think it is a great deal
better to let the soldiers who march down the
streets to-day with muskets on their shoulders,
black as they are, vote and hold office in this
Territory than to allow traitors to vote and hold
office there, or to allow a monarchist, hating our
institutions and who has only gone there for a jew
days, to come in'and vote and hold office under j
the laws which we pass herein Congress. h
Mr. President, I said the other day about all j;
that I wish to say on this question. I have a dif- ! j
ferent opinion on this subj.ct from that which is jj
entertained by the honorable Senator from Wis- ij
cousin. I do not believe that this proposition !;
'will distract the public mind and destroy the har- j
mtfny that exists among the loyal people, unless ,
the Senator and those who act and talk with him !
stir it up. I believe that such speeches as he has '
made to-day, and such as were mnde by the hon- .
orable Senator from Illinois [Air, Trumbull] the L
other day, tend more to di.-struct the public aenti- !l
meftt of this country a thousand times over than jj
the amendment 1 have offered. !
The Senator does not assail the proposition 'i
directly. He meiely says, Do not disturb the h
public mind; do not introduce a pioposition here i-
which may be right in itself for fear that some
copperheads and traitors will raise an issue against W
us on which we may puiLaps lose the election,
provided George B. McCle'lan is nominated on a ''
war platform. That does not fnghien me at all.
If George 13. MoCielian oi anv other man shall h
be elected President of the United States upon a '!
platform which calls for a more vigorous pro*e- !
cation of this w?u' and a more determined exe^o- .
tion of the powers of the Government to suppress ;
it, and he is earnest and honest in if, let. him be i
clewed. 1 would not sacrifice my convictions or
my principles from any such considerations.
Nor do 1 believe that in doing that which is
right, in standing upon a plain and simple truth,
any mjuty whatever is to result from it. It is a
great mistake, in a moral point of view, to sup-
pose that we profit either by cowardice or by a
sacrifice of principle. I do not believe that any
nation ever did prosper by casting principle aside,
or by being afraid to stand up boldly in the advo-
cacy of right, justice, and truth.
The honorable Senator tells us that this is an
abstraction, and that abstractions sometimes bring
terrible results upon the country, and that John
C. Calhoun, by the utterance of a mere abstrac-
tion, has at last deluged this land in blood. If
an abstraction which is wrong can produce such
mighty results, what may not an abstraction
which is i ight produce? Is there not more power
m truth than theie is in error, if its advocates stand
up boldly in its defenwo? is not the right more
potent, more powtrful, more almighty than the
wiong' In my opinion it is.
1 believe that tms war has been protracted for
thiec long yeais, and for a year longer than it
need to have been, in consequence of the timidity
and backwardness of thosewho have been carry-
ing it on,and m consequence of then fear of dis-
tracting the people ol the iNorth by not stepping
up to the true line of tneir duty. Why, sir, it
look us two years befoie we dared to ask negroes
to help us to fight this war. It took us two years
before we would oiler to them the price of liberty
for the blood which they freely o fie rod to this
nation in this gteat struggle. When the prop-
osition of employing negroes first came up, Sen-
ators talked jusi os the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin has talked to-day. Go to the country
now, and who would lak" the arms out of the
hands id the brave biac k soldiers that.march down
our streets to-day } Go to the loyal States any-
wheie;go to the heteaved patents of gallant sons
who ha\e fallen in the war and huhnut that ques-
tion to them, and how many of them will tell
you, u Yon wii! offend somebody if you let these
negroes fight in the war''"
The progress of events shows how foolish, how
blind, and how baekwaid we have been in the
conduct of this war and in the advocacy of those
principles which we aie now daily adopting after
a very long time. All this taidmess has tended
to drag out the conflict and to send down daily
more and more to their graves than there would
have been any necessity for if the people of this
country had come up to the true standard and
advocated only those pitnciples which are just
and right, and whmh should have been advocated
from the very start.
Air. Pn vsidetit, the question now before us is,
shall the Senate recede from its amendment and
allow eveiybody to \ote in Montana, allow men
to be elected to the Tenitorial Legislature who
owe no military sei vice or allegiance to the United
States, and exclude these men who do owe alle-
giance, and who are fighting for their country ?
That is the question and the only question. I
moved the other day that the Senate insist upon
its amendments, and a^iee to the conference asked
for by tin* House of Representatives. I will not
longer take up the time of the Senate, but hope
that the \ote wtil bp taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator fiom Minnesota,
thai the Senate insist on t's amendments, dis- I
agieed to by the House of Representatives, and
agree to the conference asked lor by the House.
The motion wasagieedto; and, by unanimous
consent, the Vi^e President was authoiued to
appoint the cumunttee, and Meusis. Wilkix&on,
mourux, and BuCiCALiivv were appointed.
additional assay officii.
Mr. NESMITH. Mr. President—
Mr.UOOLITTLE. if theSenator fiom Oregon
will allow me, the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] moved this morning to take up a
joint resolution which hod reference to my own
State, and as it concerned my own State, it was
with great reluctance ihat! consented to go on and
speak this morning, it seemed to place me in
anta'^uiif-MM with a proposition n- which my State
is interested. I do not suppose there will be any
discussion whatever upon it, and I hope theSen-
ator from Oregon will give way and allow us to
take it up and pass it now.
Mr. NESMITH. I only desire to take up a
bill with a view of making it a special oider.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. NESMITH. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 185.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the subject?
Mr. NESMITH. " A bill to establish assay
officesat Carson City, in theTerntory of Nevada,
and at Dalles City, in the State of Ortgon,and for
other purposes."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator propose
to go on with thin bill to-day?
Mr. NESMITH. Not at all. I desire to mako
it the special order for to-moirow, or any subse-
quent day that will suit the convenience of Sen-
ators, if to-morrow will not do.
Mr. SUMNER. The^e is already a special
order for to-morrow.
Mr. NESMITH. Then I will say the next
day.
Mr. SUMNER. And the next day a'so. There-
are special orders, the Senatar will remember, for
Tuesday and Wednesday of this week.
Mr. BROWN. And Thursday too.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that there is a special order for Thurs-
day also.
Mr. NESMITH. Then I will say gnday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not want in any wav
to interfere with my friend from Oregon about
this matter. I am perfectly willing that it ehali
be taken up on the ono day or the other; but i
suggest to him that I think he can get his bill
disposed of just as soon if he does not make it a
special order as he would by doings*). 1 am will-
ing to take it up at any moment, because this bill
came from the committee of winch I am a mem-
ber, and naturally I like to have ail the business
of that committee disposed of.
Mr. NESMITH. In ieply to frhe Senator from
Maine, I desire to state briefly that i introduced
this bill during the last session of Congress and
had it referred to the Committee on Funn-ee, and
it never saw the light again. It was ne\er ie-
ported back from that committee, either favoiaUy
or adversely. I do not blame the chairman for
that. During the present session I introduced it
again, had it referred to the same committee,and
the committee reported it back. 1 have succeeded
m getting it up at three different times duung the
morning hour, but I Jiave been rotable lo get any
decisive action upon it, and I have de.--p.uu-d of
being able to get any decisive action upon it dur-
ing the morning hour. I have never befoie, since
I have been a member of the body, asked fho
Senate to make a bill a special order.
Mr FESSENDEN. I do not oppose it. I
merely suggest that it can be i^ot through as soon
without making* it a special ouier.
Mr. NESMITH. I find that oilier Senators take
advantage of this privilege ot making their lulls
special orders and manage to get them through.
If the Senator from Maine can suggest any oihni
way by which I shall be able to r> a< h this bul
and obtain action upon it, I shail be very h; ppy
to accede to any suggestion lie may m iko on that
subject; but in the absence of any other sugges-
tion by which the bill can be leached. I propose
that it be made the special order for Friday next,
at one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no sort of objec-
tion .
ThePRESlDINGOFFICER. TUofnstqiius-
turn will bo on taking up the bill.
The motion was ngieed to.
The PRESIDING'OFFICER. The Senator
now move's that the further con 'ideration of the
bill be postponed to and made the special order
of the day for Friday next at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
garkktt 11. bahuy.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Seriate postpone
all pnoroiders for the purpose of proceeding to
the consideration of Senate joint resolution No.
41, for the lelirf ofGariettR. Darry, a paymaster
in the United States Navy. I do not think it will
take any time.
