2822
TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
It was found, moreover, Mr; President, that j
in the naval service targe quantities of cotton had
been captured by officers of the Navy and claimed
to be prize of war, out of which has arisen a great
deal of trouble between the officers of the Navy
and the commercial agents. This bill provides
that none of this property which by the previous
acts is declared to be forfeited to the United States
shall in any contingency whatever be considered
prize of war, and the officers of the Nav.y are pro-
hibited from so treating it, or reducing it to their
custody ,or in anyway whatever interfering with
it, except to turn it overto the commercial agents.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose that provision
does not include captures made at sea.
Mr. MGRRILL. Of course not. It carefully
excludes captures made at sea. I believe I have
now given a brief statement of the character of
the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not quite sure that I
understand the bill from the explanation made by
the honorable member from Maine, although it
has been made in a very lucid way. 1 do not un-
derstand it because I am not sure that 1 under-
stand the antecedent legislation; and if the hon-
orable member will answer the questions which
I am about to ask, he may remove the objections
to which it seems to me the bill is obnoxious.
The act of 1861 prohibits all trade between the
insurrectionary States and the loyal States; but
it has within it an authority which I believe is in
the proviso which this bill seeks to repeal, an au-
thority to the President to declare any pot tor
section of any such State to be a port or section
between winch  nd the loyal States trade may be
had. The Stuto of Tennessee, the whole State,
bus been declared to be in a state of insurrection;
and under the general provisions of the act of 1861,
if we had done nothing more, there could have
been no trade carried on between the people of the
loyal States and the people of Tennessee; it would
all have been prohibited; but under the proviso
contained in tliat*actthe President declared Mom-
phis to be a port with which tiade might be ear-
ned on, and a very heavy trade has from that
time to this, whenever the river has been open,
been canied on between the States above and
Memphis. Perhaps nearly the whole trade upon
the river that Missouri has had since the war
commenced has been a trade with the port of
Memphis,and they were authorized to have that
by vinue of the authority conferred on the Pres-
ident by the proviso. Now, the honorable mem-
ber from Maine proposes by this measure, if 1
understand him aright, to repeal that proviso, so
as lo tul<e from tin* President the authority to ex-
empt any place out of the operation of the act of
1861, winch declares all those States to be in a
condition Unit no tiade can be carried on with
them, so as to put Tennessee-—! illustrate it by
Titatiosjntfce^ln a contlirkm where no trade can be
carried o'd'with h*JK '
Wo; were'told, and we rejoiced over the result,
when it Was accomplished, tht*t the opening of
the Mississippi river was all-important to the
loyal Suited upon the river, and to ourselves on
this Bide, for a good deal of that trade makes its
way to the Atlantic coming this way, either com-
ing entirely through by our railroads, or stop-
ping at Cincinnati or other places, and going by
rail around to New York. We succeeded in
making the riveropen practically; and when that
waS done a very considerable trade was carried
on between the States bordering upon the river
and the port of Memphis, because the President,
under the authority conferred upon htm by the
proviso of the act of 1861, authorized trade to be
earned on with tlnit portion ofTennesseo; but if
you iopeal that proviso it cannot be canied on
in the future, and the whole State of Tennessee
will be excluded from the privilege of trade with
States below or above her, and the loyal States
above will be excluded from the privilege of trad-
ing with^her. 1 can only guess at the probable
result. The honorable member from Missouri
[Mr. Henderson} is of course more familiar
than I am with the extent of the trade that has
been carried on, and the effect of now arresting
it; but I can imagine that the repeal of that pro-
viso would be very fatal to the loyal citizens of
Missouri, and be exceedingly obhoxious.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not understand the bill
to have the effect contemplated by the Senator
from Maryland. By the fifth section of the act of
1861, which contains the proviso, the President is
authorized to declare in a state of insurrection any
State or section of a State; but from time to time
he may change that declaration; so that if 1 am
right m this construction, the effect would be that
to-day he may declare the whole State of Ten-
nessee in a state of insurrection, and then, accord-
ing to the provisions of this bill, all trade would
be prohibited; but to-morrow the circumstances
of the country may be changed, and he may de-
clare one half of the State of Tennessee to be in a
state of insurrection, and the other half not; and
then, under the provisions of this bill, that half
not declared to be in a state of insurrection would
be open to trade and commerce. The simple prop-
osition of the Committee on Commerce is that
while we are proceeding against a section of the
country in a state of war, and declaring it to be
in a state of insurrection, we will not hold that
that section of country is in such condition that
it is safe to maintain commercial relations with
it; that when we declare a State or asection of a
State to be m a state of insurrection, that condition
is inconsistent with the idea of commercial rela-
tions, and with that section of country we shall
hold no commercial relations whatever.
As there seems to be a desire to take time to
look into the bill, and 1 agree that it is of the
utmost importance and should be carefully con-
sidered, I have no objection that it shall now
subside.
Mr. COLLAMER, 1 desire to say a very
few words before the bill is postponed. The act
of 1861, which authorized the President to de-
clare insurrectionary States to bo in a state of
insurrection, and provided that thereupon com-
merce with them should cease, and that all in-
tercourse with them by land or water should be
unlawful, and that the vessels and vehicles en-
gaged in it might be forfeited, was a necessary
condition to a state of war. The idea of curry-
ing on a war with any people, and at the same
time holding commercial inteicouise with them,
is a paradox; it cannot be. The. Senator from
Maine is nght when he says that if we can carry
on commerce with them we can furnish all the
supplies to make war on us. And 1 undertake
to declare, whatever gentlemen may say to the
contrary, that if this business of trading with the
enemy is suffered to go on, our war never can
end.
1 wish now to say a word in relation to the
clause of the act of 1861 to which allusion has been
made. The proviso was put in for a purpose.
We understood in passing that act that when the
proclamation was issued under it there would be
a state of war, absolute, unconditional war; and
the Supreme Court of the United States in the
prize cases held unanimously that that was our
condition after the act of 1861 and the proclama-
tion under it. As we stopped all liyercoursc and
had an actually existing state of-war, a question
arpse whether there might notbc a practical diffi-
culty in ever putting an end to it under such a
law. As our Army went on, as we hoped it
would, in the occupation of the enemy's country,
and that country was opened to the loyal part of
the United States, it was apprehended that inter-
course might be needed to feed the towns and
cities in the rear of our armies; and the question
immediately arose whether that could be done con-
sistently with thelaws of nations, as we had now
put the United States in a state of war with the
msuncctionary States, to be governed of course
by the laws of nations. Thereupon examination
was made, and it was ascertained distinctly that
by the law of nations the power to declare war, in
modern times, within the last two hundred years
at least, Iras been considered among nations as a
power that may modify that war; it may license in-
tercourse with particular parts and sections under
peculiar circumstances. We wanted the Presi-
dent to have power to permit intercourse as we
progressed in the possession of the country; and
inasmuch as the President had not the war-de-
claring power, that being in Congress, it became
necessary in order to invest him with that au-
thority to have an act of Congress, the war-de-
claring power, to enable him to do it; and there-
fore the proviso which has been referred to was
put in the act of 1861 that the President might
license intercourse in such articles and by such
persons as he might deem safe, in such sections
of the country as he had declared to be in a state
of insurrection, as the public service might re-
quire.
I have read the bill of the Senator from Maine
with some care, but I do not know that I under-
stand it sufficiently to see how it relieves" the diffi-
culty. I understand it to repeal the proviso of
the act of 1861. It repeals the power given to the
Presidentfor such a contingency as I have stated.
Suppose we should get possession of Richmond
next week, and our troops being there, some of
our people being there, could any intercourse be
held with Richmond to carry provisions in there
to keep the people of the town from starvation
then ? Virginia has been declared to be in a state
of insurrection; a state of warexists between that
country and this, and intercourse has necessarily
ceased. The insurrection in Virginia has not been
suppressed, but we have got possession of some
pait of the country; it will not do for us to say
that where we have military possession we will
permit the people to starve; intercourse must be,
temporarily at least, restored to them. I desire
to know how this is to be done under this bill?
Suppose you repeal the proviso which 1 have men-
tioned, how are we to get along m relation to any
part of the country that we take possession of
when we have not suppressed the rebellion?
I wish it to be borne in mind at the same time
that, as I understand it, all attempts to undertake
to say that a particular section of a State, or a
whole State, if you please, when one tenth of its
inhabitants declare themselves to be loyal, is re-
claimed from a state of insurrection, are practi-
cally impossible; the thing is a failure. I need not
go over the experiment that has been made under
that. What has been done in Florida? You take
possession of two or three towns, invite the peo-
ple to take the oath of allegiance, and then in a
few weeks you are compelled to leave there and
turn over those people whom you have thus in-
duced to take the oath of allegiance to the mercy
of their enemies if they have any; you abandon
them to the enemy. It has been done in Florida
twice already; it has been done in part of North
Carolina; and I think it has been done to some
extent in Texas. How many of those good peo-
ple who have been thus practiced'upon have act-
ually lost their lives by it, I do not know, but I
think large numbers. The truth is that to reclaim
any State or part of a State to allegiance to this
country, and reestablish an entire government
overitaccording to the genius of our institutions,
with proper local legislation and United States
legislation, is a thing impracticable until the whole
insurrection, all its military power, is put down
everywhere. The army of the rebels has been
hunted out of Tennessee, but it is down on the
borders of Georgia, fifty or one hundred miles
off; the war is going on; one half the people of
Tennessee are looking to tlmt rebel army with a
hope of its return, and the rest of them are look-
ing to it with a fear of its return. How can any
State be expected to be reclaimed, Imean quietly,
satisfactorily, and safely, in that way? It never
can be done. The truth is that the military force
of this insurrection must be subdued everywhere
before you can reclaim and return to their alle-
giance people anywhere.
I wish to call the attention of the Senator from
Maine to another point in connection with this
bill. I do not agree with him that the President,
after having to-day declared a State to be m insur-
rection, can to-morrow declare that a certain part
of it is not in insurrection. There is nothing of
that kind in the power given to him by the act of
1861; that law does not contain any such thing.
It docs give power to license an intercourse where
he thinks the public service requires it and it can
be safely done; but the power to declare a State
or a part of a State to be in insurrection does not
authorize him afterwards to declare a part of that
State to be reclaimed from insurrection. That is
entirely a different power. He may license inter-
course, and he ought to have that power, to be
exercised when the condition of things produced
by military force may requite it. Butif the power
is taken from the President to grant these licenses,
I desire to know what the bill provides in lieu of
it. 1 do not ask .the Senator from Maine to an-
swer now, but m due time, when the bill comes
up again, to say how intercourse is to be permitted
where we have reclaimed a part of the country,
when the necessities of that country require it.
Who is to decide that, and how is it te be decided?
