THE. CONGEES
GLOBE.
■>. HhC
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, V. C,'
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY -26, 1864.
New Series No. 51.'
That these theories were of foreign origin little
doubt can be entertained. The unexpected suc-
cess of our political institutions, the growing
greatness of onr A merican Republic, of our com-
merce, and all our industrial pursuits, had begun
to affect England with fears for the permanence
of her own superiority, and even for the duration
of her political system. The success of so eco-
nomical a Go vernment, and one so favorable to the
rights of man, seemed to be a standing reproach'
to the more expensive, exclusive, and unequal es-
tablishments of European absolutism. In addi-
tion to these motives, England had also a further
one: we were her rebellious offspring. To see
our Republic prove a failure and our federative
system divided, so that one section could be
fought against the other, was the aim of both her
pride and power. It was therefore that the vigi-
lant eyes of some of her political leaders soon
discovered the opportunity afforded by our do-
mestic differences for the introduction and foment-
ation of strife. Abolition emissaries quickly
found their way to Boston. There their incen-
diary doctrines soon found a congenial soil. The
seed " fell upon good ground and increased a hun-
dred fold." Agitation of the slavery question in
every form and upon every occasion has since
that time been perseveringly maintained in the
northern States, and especially in New England,
in conversation, in lectures, by the press, in the
pulpit, in the halls of legislation, and upon the
stump,all of which tended only to one disastrous
result.
Mr. Buchanan has been blamed for lack of en-
ergy in meeting the sudden crisis of the rebellion.
It has been asserted that had he acted with proper
promptness in garrisoning the fortifications in the
six excited southern States the rebellion would
have been avoided. But the truth is, there were
no availably troops within reach. General Scott,
in his supplemental views to the War Department
on the 30th October, 1860, stated that but four hun-
dred troops were within reach for that purpose.
It is evident that it was his great aim to avoid a
collision, to avert civil war and save the Union,
affirming the clear authority of the Government to
enforce the Federal laws within a State, hut finding
none to beat back a seceding State into the Union.
In the nullification troubles in 1832 General Jack-
son did not attempt to exert the coercive power
until, on application to Congress, the force bill was
passed. Did not Mr. Buchanan ask Congress for
a similar bill, " or to authorize the employment
of military force," and did not Congress fail to
grant it? Agreeing with General Jackson in his
views as expressed in his farewell address, in the
utter inefficiency of mere force to preserve the
Union, he urged, in his annual message to Con-
gress on the 3d December, 1860, and again in his
special message of January 8,1861, the adoption
of amendments to the Constitution of the same
characteras those subsequently proposed by Mr.
Crittenden.
u Fiat justitia, ruat ccelum."
But Congress omitted to propose amendments
to the Constitution. They omitted also to pass
the Crittenden resolutions having the same effect.
These resolutions, it was stated by several south-
ern Senators, one of whom was Jefferson Davis,
in the Senate committee of thirteen, would have
been accepted by the South as a basis of final set-
tlement. (See Concessional Globe, second ses-
sion Thirty-Sixth Congress, volume 44, part '2,
pages 1390, 1391.) Had Mr. Lincoln, after his
arrival m Washington, but said the word" peacc,"
those resolutions would have been adopted and
the war avoided. South Carolina would have
stood alone. At this crisis it was apparent that
the danger of dissolution and civil war was both
real and imminent. Mr. Lincoln was unequal to
the occasion. The peace conference adjourned
without important action. Congress adjourned
leaving everything unsettled and the whole coun-
tiy shaken by the most violent agitation. The
collision in the harborof Charleston was the fatal
consequence.
The reader of English history need butremem-
51
ber how feeble was the eloquence of Chatham in
arresting the progress of the war with the Amer-
ican colonies after it had been commenced. The
same authority reminds us of the mighty efforts
of Fox to avert the war with France, which ended
only with the battle of Waterloo and the exile of
Napoleon. Peace is the policy of all Govern-
ments, the indispensable policy of a republic,
whose great basis is popular affection. With us
I believe it could have been preserved without
sacrifice.
In the President's proclamation which followed
he called for seventy-five thousand volunteers
" to defend the capital, to recapture the forts, and
enforce the laws." The volunteers thus called
for came forward with a promptness and alacrity
which did credit to their love of country, and in-
dicated their attachment to that constitutional
Government left them by their fathers, and their
resolution to repel at all hazards the sacrilegious
attempt thus made upon its existence. The peo-
ple were still further assured of the conservative
purposes and charactcr of the war now proposed,
by the instructions issued by the State Depart-
ment to our representatives at European courts,
as well as in the policy announced in the Presi-
dent's inaugural address of the 4th March, 1861,
and in his message to the special Congress which
met in July following. Mr. Seward declared in
these instructions that—
"Moral and physical causes have determined inflexibly
the charactcr of each one of the Territories over which tho
dispute has arisen, and botli parties, after the election,
harmoniously agreed on all the Federal laws required for
their organization. The Teiritories will remain in all re-
spects the same, whether the revolution shall succeed or
shall fail. The condition of slavery in the several States
will remain just the same whether it succeed or fail.
There is not even a pretext for the complaint that the dis-
affected States are to be conquered by the United States if
the revolution fail; for the rights of the States, and the
condition of every human being in them will remain sub-
ject to exactly the same laws and forms of administration,
whether the revolution shall succeed or fail. In the one
case, the States would be federally connected with the
new confederacy; in the other, they would, as now, be
members of the United States ; but their constitutions and
laws, custom*!, habits, and institutions in either case will
remain the same.
" It is not necessary to add to this incontestable state-
ment the further fact that the new President, as well as the
citizens thtough whose suffrages he has come into the Ad-
ministration has always zepudiated all de&igns whatever,
and whenever imputed to him and them of disturbing the
institution of slaveiyas it exists under the Constitution and
laws. The case now would not be fully presented if I were
to omit to say that any such effort on hu- part would be un-
constitutional,. and all Ins actions in that direction would
be prevented by the proper authority, even though they
were assented to by Congress and the people."
Here is the language of the President on the
4th of Match, 18G1:
u Apprehension pcfm-i to exist among the people of the
southern State? that b> the accession of a Republican Ad-
mmMtntion their propeityand their peace and personal
security aie to be endangered. There has novel been any
reasonable caur-c foreuch apprehension. Indeed, the most
amnio evidence to the contrary ha« all the tvhile existed
and been open to their inspection. It is found in nearly
all the published speeches of lum who nowaddross-csyou.
I do but quote fiom one of those speeches when I dceiato
that ' I have no put pose, directly or imiueetly. to mterfeie
with the institution of slavery 111 the States where it ex-
ists. I believe t have no lawful right to do so, and I have
no inclination to do so.'"
Tn the President's message to the special Con-
gress which metin July 1861, Mr. Lincoln de-
clares that "after the lebelhon shall have been
suppressed, the Executive deems it proper to say,
it will he his purpose then, as ever, to be guided
by the Constitution and laws,"and thatitmay be
expected he will adhere to the positions taken in
the iiuiuguial addiess. lie adds:
" He desires to pieseive the Government that it may be
administeicd ioiall a< it w:v=adminMeied b\ the men who
made it. Loyal citizen-? everywheie have the right to claim
this of theii Government; and the Government lias no right
to withhold or neglect it. It is not perccived that, in giving
it, there is any coeieion, any conquest,orany subjugation
in any ju^t sense of those teuns,"
Well, Mr. Speaker, how long were the Admin-
istration true to these their solemn, public, and
reiterated pledges? Why, sir, just until, on the
faith of these solemn assurances a million men
were induced to abandon the pursuits of peace,
and rush into the armies of their country to fight
in the sacred cause of constitutional government.
Then,when the physical arm <5f the'Government
was deemed sufficiently strong for the overthrew
of the South, the mask is cast off,a new purpose
and object for the war is boldly avowed and pro-
claimed. The hideous form and repulsive features
of abolitionism were at first disguised in the de-
ceptive and alluring garb of patriotism. It was
no longer to be a war for the preservation of the
Union under the Constitution, but in reality for
its destruction, and in the forum of consciencc as
well as in that of the supreme law places the rad-
icals in the attitude of rebellion and revolution.
Of the abolitionists as a party, nearly a quarter
of a century ago the true character was happily
touched off by the pencil of Henry Clay. He
" With them the rights of property 'are nothing, the de-
ficiency of the powers of the General Government is noth-
ing, the acknowledged and incontestable powers of the
States are nothing. Civil war, a dissolution of the Unioji,
and the overthrow of a Government in which are concen-
trated the proudest hopes of the civilized world, are noth-
ing. A single idea has taken possession of their minds,
and onward they pursue it, overlooking all barriers, reck-
less and regardless of all consequences."
This party was then small and insignificant, but
its numbers have increased until we now behold
it numerous and influential enough to control the
administration of the Government. Their influ-
ence was first felt in interfering with the conduct
of the war, and in ostracizing and excluding from
command the generals who had manifested a re-
spectforthe Constitution and who had shown skill
in the field. They were not satisfied with passing
a bill offering protection and freedom to the slaves
of rebel masters who should come within our
lines, not satisfied with directing the physical
power of the country to the suppression of armed
resistance to the authority of the Government, but
they proceeded to carry the war directly against
the property, the homes, and firesides of peace-
ful non-combatant residents of the seceded States.
This was in violation, not only of the Federal
Constitution, but of every principle of public law.
While the effect of this policy has been to unite
the South, the proclamations of the 22d and 24th
of September, 186*2, and of the 1st of January,
1863, have signally failed to disturb the relation
of the slave beyond the hostile presence of our
armies. The President, it is true, made a timid
and weak resistance to the adoption of this pol-
icy, but the abolition pressure was imperative,
and at length successful.
A measure involving such an utter disregard of
party pledges, such a violent casting aside of con-
stitutional obligations, such diametrical opposi-
tion to the recognized principles and to the usages
of war, and such a thorough adaptation to widen
instead of healing the breach occasioned by se-
cession, could not be expected to be received with
unquestioningacquiescence on the partof the law-
abiding, Constitution-loving masses of the North.
Hence vast stretches of authority are usurped, the
indefinite power of arrests is assumed, and the
time-honored writ of habeas corpus is suspended.
Thus, uporv the alleged ground of the insuffi-
ciency of the ordinary processes of law to restrain
disloyal practices, the military power is raised
into a superiority to the civil, and martial law is
extended over the whole country. Persons not
military are made liable to arrest without legal
process, in a summary manner, upon the indef-
inite charge of " disloyal practices." When so
ariested they are also denied the privilege of that
hereditary and constitutional shield of the liberty
of the citizen, the writ of habeas corpus, Has it,
then, come to this, that in a Government of the
people the people are less worthy to be trusted
than their rulers? Inanation the freest and most
enlightened upon earth is the citizen to be told by
the petty agents of his own creation that his lib-
erty is not safe in his keeping, and that they,
through an assumed superior intelligence, must
take it in special charge ? Sir, what man worthy
of the name of freeman will be reconciled to the
loss of his priceless birthright of liberty, regu-
lated by law, by any such tyrftnt's plea as that?
