802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
I believe I do not misapprehend the character of
'my countrymen, and that they will not and ought
not thus to submit to be spoiled of their dearest
right by any usurping hand. What! are the peo-
ple to be deluded with the idea that their liberties
are to be preserved or that the Government is to
be saved in the act of their destruction ? Are those
sacred fireside rights which the Anglo-Saxon
brought with him from his native forests in Ger-
many, and which he has never since lived with-
out,to be trampled in the dust on any such flimsy
and specious pretext as this? And have the sad
.days of the Roman time under the forms of the
.republic come upon us so soon? Are we to be
the sport of imperial rule?
Sir, our institutions of government are created
and defined by law, and to the rigid observance
of the law we must hold their administrators.
This is our only safety, as the history of free
States has always taught, because it shows that
" power is ever stealing from the many to the few."
It is then a new thing in our history that the or-
dinary processes of law are not found sufficient
to secure the Government in the exercise of its
legitimate and proper authority. It is not only a
new thing amongourselves,but is unprecedented
in the history of that people from which chiefly we
derive our origin, and from which we have inher-
ited largely our laws and free institutions. Never
in the history of England, even in the most tur-
bulent times of revolution, has it been conceded
to the monarch to arrest persons not military
without warrant issued upon legal charges pre-
ferred under oath. This the common-law pro-
ceeding dates back so far in England that it can-
not bo determined when it began. It is, how-
ever, guarantied by Magna Charta. Charles I
did, indeed, try the experiment of arbitrary ar-
restsupon vague and indefinite charges, like those
of44 disloyal practices," not preferred upon oath,
but upon the mere arbitrary motion of himself or
members of the Privy Council. The subversion
of the constitution and substitution of the will
of the monarch was also attempted to be effected by
the Courts of High Commission and Star Cham-
ber, which resembled the " courts-martial or mili-
tary commission" of Mr. Lincoln's proclama-
tion, in not being governed by the common law
or immemotial customs and acts of Parliament,
but admitting for law the proclamations of the
Executive and giounding then* judgment upon
them. The English nation, however, repelled the
attempt with indignation; and by the celebrated
Petition of llight arbiliary unpi isunments and the
uxeicme of martial law were abolished, and the
obnoxious courts suppressed.
Hut it will be said that this proclamation of
the 24th September dors riot contravene Magna
Chnrla, since it is continued by act of Congress.
The answer to this is that the act of Congress
itself eonttavenes the provisions of the Constitu-
tion, the paramount law. When we turn to arti-
cle four of the Amendments to that instrument,
we are met by this stern requirement;
"The uglit of the people to bu >ecuie in their peihons,
houses, pnpeis, and elfcets, ag.nn^t unreasonable. bcmeluw
and .seizuics, shall nut he violated, and no icm runt Until
Ustie but upon probable cause supported by oath or a'Jinnn
lioti, and paittcul^rly descnbing the place to be searched
and the persons or things to bo seised."
Article six also requires that
" In all criminal piosecutions the accused shall rnjoythe
right to a speedyand puhlio trial by an impaitial jury ot the
^late and di^Uict wheiein the crane Mull have been com-
mitted, which distiict shall have been previously ascer-
tained by law, and to be inlbimed of the natuio and cause
of the accusation; to he confionted with the witnesses
ugaaifttlaiii; to have compulsory pioccss for obtaining wit-
nesses in Ins tavoi, and to have the a^iis-tauee of counsel
for his defense.''
The exercise of such arbitrary powers it was
which lost Charles 1 of England the confidence
of his subjects, and led to the establishment of
new guarantees against such flagrant abuses on
the part of the monarch. The piactice of a sim-
ilar tyranny in France, under the lettres de cachct,
had filled the dungeons of the Bastile with inno-
cent victims, until at the commencement of the
reign of Louis XVI that hated prison was leveled
to the ground in the indignant uprising of an out-
raged peopie,
What right, sir, has Congress to authorize ar-
bitrary arrests in the face of the prohibitions of
the Constitution ? Are these prohibitions without
meaning? or were they not on the contrary de-
signed to meet just such exigencies as those in
which the country is now placed, when, together
with the possession of the physical and political
power of the country, a party finds itself under
the temptation to resort to usurpation in order to
maintain its ascendency? The Administration
cannot, as in England, have recourse to the om-
nipotence of the Legislature to justify this abuse
of power. The British Parliament is possessed
of a legal omnipotence from the nature of the con-
stitution, which is that of a consolidated Govern-
mentand a monarchy. Even there, however, the
subject has an adequate security against any vio-
lation of those great principles of personal secur-
ity, personal liberty,and private property, which
constitute the so much and justly lauded privi-
leges of Britons, because the people themselves,
through their representatives in the Commons,
make a preponderant power in the Parliament,
and the venerable landmarks of the rights of the
subject have long been held sacred from encroach-
ment. Butin this country the national Legislature
has no such large and unlimited powers. A writ-
ten charter confers expressly all the powers which
the Congress possesses, and clearly there is no
authority contained in any of its provisions to
arrest any one "without probable cause," and
" upon oath or affirmation." Neither will the ex-'
tension by Congress of martial law over the whole
country cover the case. There is the same defi-
ciency of authority here as before. Says Chief
Justice Biackstone in his Commentaries:
" Martial law, which is built upon no settled principle?,
hut is entirely arbiuary in its decisions, is, as Sir Matthew
Ilnle observes, in truth and reality no law, but something
indulged rather than allowed as a law. The necessity of
order and discipline in an army is the only thing which can
give it countenance, and therefore it ought not to be per-
mitted in time of peace, when the king's courts are open
for all persons to receive justice according to the laws of
the land."
Docs this " necessity of order and discipline"
which this distinguished authority lays down as
the only admissible ground for the application of
martial law apply also to civilians outside of the
Jlrmy f Are not the courts as to them, both State
and Federal, except in the States in rebellion,just
as open now for the prosecution of offenses against
the Government and laws of the United States as
under the condition of the most profound peace?
The contrary will not be asserted. There is there-
fore no necessity for this extraordinary stretch of
authority, except in districts, if there be any such,
in which the regular administiation of justice by
the civil tribunals is rendered impracticable by the
operations of war; and this is nowhere beyond
the lines of the Army, exceptas to persons in the
military service.
The rules and articles of war and the acts of
Congress for holding courts-martial (chiefly that
of the 14th of April, 1814) by which the Army is
governed, were framed chiefly from the English
system upon the same subject. Itsprinciples and
modes of proceeding are quite different from those
of the common law, and in reference to them
Biackstone remarked:
u One of the greatest advantages of the English law is
that not only the ciimes themselves which it punishes, but
aKo the penalties which it inflicts, are ascertained and no-
touous; nothing left toaihitiaiydiMMetion ; the king by
his judges dispenses what the law has previously oidamed ;
bur is not himself the legislatm."
The learned commentator then takes occasion
to regret that in being deprived of those advant-
ages and being subject to military law, the sol-
dier is placed in a condition of servitude; 44 for,"
said he, " Sir Edward Coke will inform us that it
is one of the genuine marks of servitude to have
the law, which is our rule of action, either con-
cealed or precarious."
Anotlier extraordinary measure inaugurated by
the pioclamation, and which constitutes the cli-
max of despotic power assumed by the Execu-
tive, is the suspension of the writ of habeas cor-
pus during the existence of the rebellion. Hav-
ing usurped the power of arrest "without due
process of law" in the face of the express pro-
hibitions of the Constitution, it was an offense
of gigantic magnitude for the Piesident to sus-
pend the operation of this great and impoitant
defense of the liberties of the citizen. In those
bitter and unscrupulous civil contests which
were waged between the party of prerogative
and that of the privileges of the people, which
inflamed the heart of England in the middle of
the seventeenth century, the ancient common-law
right of the habeas corpus was disregarded by
Charles I, as*well as by the Long Parliament.
This was during the struggle between the Crown
and the people. But after the constitution was
settled as to this particular by ;the Petition of
Right, and the 29th of Car. II, no sovereign had
afterwards temerity enough to attempt an abuse
of this great bulwark of English liberties. It is
true that in a few instances within the history of
the nation for two centuries back this great writ
has been suspended by Parliament, the only power
which could legally suspend it. The principal of
these was during the transition from the reign of
James II to that of William and Mary, in 1688.
All through the American war of independence
the friends and sympathizers of the American
cause were bold in their condemnation of the policy
and measures of the Crown, and it was held.that
this was but the simple exercise of the unques-
tioned right of the subject. Burke, Fox, and Pitt
all thundered in the ears of the court their elo-
quent denunciations of the tyranny and injustice
of Government toward their countrymen in the
colonies, and no one ever proclaimed a "military
necessity "of silencing them by forcible restraint
of their persons.
The remarks which I have made in regard to
-arbitrary arrests apply with equal force to the
suppression of journals which have spoken out
in condemnation of these despotic acts of the Ad-
ministration. Biackstone says, "the liberty of
the press is indeed essential to a free State." The
liberty of the press was our common-law right as
British colonists, and for its protection, together
with the freedom of speech and the right of
peaceably assembling and petitioning the Govern-
ment for a redress of grievances, the first amend-
ment was added to the Constitution. These re-
straints are necessary, it is said, because by the
indulgence of free discussion the arm of the Gov-
ernment is weakened, and its ability to carry on
the war seriously impaired. But what an argu-
ment is this in a country of constitutional liberty,
and where public opinion forms the substratum of
all our institutions! And what an argument at a
time when, above all others, free speech and a free
press are most needed to point out and drive back
the robbers who are daily carrying off the public
treasure! It is an old precept to resist the begin-
nings of evil. It was Rousseau thatsaid, "Liberty-
might be acquired, but could never be recovered. '
In addition to all these aggressions the war
policy of the Administration has saddled the coun-
try with a debt which at the termination of the
struggle will exceed in magnitude that of Great
Britain contracted in a century of foreign wars.
The aggregate of the appropriations on the 4th of
March, 1863, was $2,000,977,000. The appropri-
ations are first or last the real expenditure. The
total of the English debt is a fraction less than
$4,000,000,000. The English debt bears an in-
terest of three per cent., while the debt of the
United States when consolidated will reach six per
cent. This gigantic, debt will tax enormously the
earnings of industry for generations, while the
substitution of paper money for thegold and silver
currency established by the Constitution* has de-
stroyed the relation of debtor and creditor; has
* Daniel Webster says :
"But what is meant by the 4constitutional currency,'
about which so much is said ? What species or form* of
curieneydoes the Constitution allow, ami what does it
forbid? It is plain enough that this depends on what we
undci^tand by currency. Currency, in a large and perhaps
in a just sense, includes not only gold and silver and bank
note*,, but hills of exchange also. It may include all that
adjusts exchanges and settles balances in the opeiations of
trade and business. But if we understand by cuuency the
lc«al money of the country, and that which constitutes a
lawful tender for debts, and is the statute measure of value,
then, undoubtedly, nothing is included but gold and siivei.
Most unquestionably there is no legal tender, and their can
l>e no legal tender, in this country, under the authoiity of
this Government or any othei, but gold and silver, either
the coinage of our own aunts or foreign coins, at rates reg-
ulated by Congress. This is a constitutional* pimciple,
pejfeetly plain, and of the very highest importance. The
States aie expiessJy prohibited fiom making anything but
gold and silver a tender in payment ot debt*.; and although
no hueii expiess prohibition is applied to Congress, yet, as
Congress has no powet gianted to n in this icspect but to
com money and to regulate the value of foteign coins, it
cleaily lias no power to substitute paper or anything else
foi com as a tender in payment of debts and in discharge
of cortiacts. Congress lias exercised this power fully m
both its branches. It has coined money, and still coins it;
it has regulated the value of foreign coins, and still icgu-
lates their value. The legal tender, theietore, the consti-
tutional standaid of value, is established, and cannot be
overthrown. To overthrow it would shake the whole sys-
tem. "—Webster's Works, vol. 4, pages 270? 271.
