1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1849
which is said to be and doubtless is injurious in
its effect. While, however, I would not impose
a tax so high as to cut off revenue by that means,
I certainly think that one tenth of one per cent, is
quite low e^pugh. I hope the tax will be placed
as high as jt can be without losing the revenue
thereby.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, On look-
ing over the list of the sales at the regular board
in New York for Monday last, 1 find they amount
to overfifteeen million dollars, and that, I believe,
was not an unusual day's operations. Now, sir,
a tax of one tenth of one per cent, would bring
$15,000 for a day, and perhaps not stop a dollar's
worth in future. If it would stop it, so much
the better. Nobody would grumble, more than
they did against taxing the whisky on hand.
Now, observe that this result is for the regular
board m the city of New York. -Now, obseive
these figures:
Revenue ftom Now York board por day $15,000
IJo*>ton, «-ay  53000
Philadelphia  5,000
New Oile.iiH      5,000
Baltimore, Chicago, See   . o.ooo
Making per day $3.">,000
For a year, $10,500,000! ~
This is a matter, sir, that is certainly worth our
consideration, and 1 hope the amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Frank] will be
ad of) ted.
Mr. KERNAN. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend the
amendment so as to make the tax two tenths of
one per cent, instead of one tenth. 1 simply rise
to say a word or two in regard to this subject. I
am in favor of the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Frank] but 1 desire to say a
word in regard to the remark of the gen tloman from
"Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to the effect that we
must not tux these men heavily because if we do
they are so sharp they will evade the tax alto-
gether and cheat the Government. Now, sir, I
for one have heard enough of that argument.
We never hear anything here of farmers and
manufacturers being so sharp as toevade theirtax
and cheat the Government. You tax the farmer's
transfer of real estate. Every deed he makes has
to pay a heavy stamp duty, and you tax almost
everything he produces. You tax almost every-
thing that is produced by the rnanufactuier. And
yet the gentleman fiom Vermont never makes use
of the argument that loo high a tax must not be
impost'd upon manufacturers because they are so
sharp that they will evade the tax. But when you
come to these gamblers in stocks and in the gold
of the country, and it is proposed to levy a tax
upon them corresponding with that laid upon
others, the argument is presented that you must
be very careful how you treat them. You must
treat them tenderly and easily. If you do not
they will cheat the Government.
Now, sir, these are .the very men who ought
to be taxed, and taxed heavily; and if we cannot
make a law so strong and so hedged about with
difficulties as to compel them to pay the tax, we
should at least try. And if we do not succeed at
first, amend the law and so hedge it about that
they cannot dodge or cheat the Government.
I repeat, sir, the argument is not a good one,
and I hope we will not hear it again. 1 am in favor
of making this tax at least one tenth of one per
cent, upon all their transactions. I agree with
the gentleman ftom New Ymk, that if vvc were to
tax them out of existence altogether it would be
all the b-'tter for the interests of the Government,
better for the finances of the Government, and
better for us all. I hope the committee will not
treat these men so gmgeilyas the gentleman pro-
poses.
Mr. IvASSON. 1 wish to say to the committee,
in the absence of the gentleman from New Yoilc,
[Mr. Stebbins,] who is a member ot the Com-
mitteeofWays and Means,and whose advice has
been of gieat importance to us in this matter, that
I regretted to hear his colleague from New Yoik
[Mr. Ktrnan] allude tolumas having introduced
a sold bill mto this Mouse under a mere pietense.
In" the absence of that gentleman [Mr. StebeLs-sJ
I wish to bear testimony which will be sustain* d
by every member of the Committee ot Ways and
Means to conscientiousness, his earnestness,
and patriotic devotion to the interests of the coun-
try in every matter with which Fie has been con-
nected.
Mr. KERNAN. I did not intend at all to say
that my colleague had not acted in good faith.
I only expressed wonder that a gentleman who
was so anxious to discourage this traffic in gold
was not willing to tax these transactions a little
higher, especially when the Government so much
need it for levenue. I intended to say nothing
disrespectful to him at all.
Mr. ODELL. I simply want to say, after this
discussion which has taken place in reference to
my colleague and his opinion as to the tax we are
called upon to impose on the sale of stocks, that
I think gentlemen are doing him injustice. I rec-
ollect saying to him that I thought the tax men-
tioned in this bill upon# stock transactions was
altogether too low. He admitted that it was too
low. He said it would be better, perhaps, to in-
ciease it, and remaiked that the brokers' board
would stand a higher tax, and pay it cheerfully.
I notice in the section preceding this thata tax
of one fourth of one per cent, is laid upon stocks
sold by auctioneers—upon sales of gold, silver,
and stocks. Now, the brokers' boards, both pub-
licand private,are nothing more nor less than auc-
tion blocks.
Mr. KASSON. As I have only five minutes,
I cannot yield to the gentleman further.
Mr. ODELL. I only wanted to say, as the
opiniun of my colleague [Mr. Stebbins] had been
referied to, tiiatin my judgmenthe would, lfherc,
be in favor of one tenth of one per cent.
Mr. IvASSON". I merely desired to say, in
the absence of the gentleman from New York,
that he himself proposed to tax this interest, and
that he did it after consultation with leading men
in the city of New York. And he gave it as Ins
opinion that for revenue purposes the rate fixed
in the bill was high enough.
It will be observed that the basis of taxation
upon these transfers is not upon the $100 actually
received, but upon the number of shares sold.
And I beg the attention of the House to the fact
that many of the shares are not worth $100.
Many of them are not worth half that amount,
and some are not worth even twenty-five dollars;
but the tax imposed upon them is at their par
value.
it is true, that where the shares are above one
hundred dollars par value, the late falls below;
but where they are not worth that amount, the
rate is increased. It is believed that, by thus
method of taxation, a larger amount of revenue
will be dciived than if levied upon the amount
actually realized.
For myself, 1 would gladly agree to tax these
sales one tenth of one per cent, if I believed the
effect would be to produce more revenue. I will
go as high as any gentleman can go, if it shall be
shown that an increase of the tax will increase the
revenue rather than diminish it. But under the cir-
cumstances, in my judgment, we must be a little
careful, or we will defeat our object of raising
revenue through this source.
It will be recollected that the rate charged by
brokeis for buying and selling on commission
is only one eighth of one per cent., and if you
tax them one tenth of one per cent, you absorb
nearly their whole compensation. And it may
happen that you will destroy their business and
at the same tiny u-ceivo no taxes.
Mr. SCOFIELI). Mr. Chairman, I renew the
amendment for the purpose of replying to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Faun's worth.] Ho
has mistaken the argument of the low-tax advo-
cates in thisca.se. It is madeso low, not because
the collector would otheiwise be defiaiuled, but
because the poor stockjobbers cannot afford to
pay more. They fill their vaults with the evi-
dences of unconscionable tfceumulations, and still
reach out their avaricious fingers fot mote. They
gamble in gold, play bull or b^ar as interest dic-
tates, and not m the hopes and fears, the suc-
cesses and losses of the country; but the poor fel-
lows, aeroiding to the judgment of the committee,
are only able to htarid one hundredth part of one per
cent. tax. This isof a piece with many other feat-
ures of the bill. The committn; have tyken four
and a half months to dtnue a scheme by winch
woaith, lux ui v, extravagance, and vice should es-
cape taxation, while the iaigt uremic so much
needed by the Government is Uawn fiom the
scrimping economy of the less forehanded class.
Only five percent, on furs, four percent, on dia-
monds, purchased once in a lifetime, five per cent,
on wines, one percent, on the theater and circus,
and one hundred and fifty per cent, on the %htof
the poor. You may flaunt in the street with furs,
glitter with diamonds everywhere according to the
vulgar ostentation of the day, tarry long at the
afternoon wine-table, ai)d soil your thoughts in
a low theater or lower circus at night, and, how-
ever much worse you may be, the Government
exchequer is but little better for it. All this waste
and dissipation drops only a few pennies into the
national Treasury. Butif the inheritor of poverty
expends for light a dollar thatcan be hardly spared
from other pressing wants, that his home may be
less homely, the bare walls and rude furniture and
uncarpeted floor may be less dreary to himself, jhis
wi fe, or child, your bill demands $1 50 for theGov-
ernment.
I do not wonder that gentlemen wished to close
debate the other day. Such gross injustice must
cower behind the previous question to be safe.
The champion of these features of the bill should
administer to it the oath administered to con-
stables when they take charge of a traverse jury:
"Take this bill to some safe and convenient place,
and suffer no man to speak of it nor speak of it
yourself." As the bill was first reported there
was a section or two that imposed a very small
tax upon some of the lich corpoiations and busi'
ness associations of the country; but the Clerk
had scarcely road them when an amendment—
sanctioned, it was said, by the committee—was
ofFered authorizing the amount to be charged over
to somebody jess able to pay it. It was very kind
in the fly, when resting—according to the fable—-
on the horn of an ox, to inquire if its weight was
burdensome; but it was far kinder in the com-
mittee to authorize old Cioesus to remove this
feathcrof taxation from his own bioad shoulders
to those of ins feebler customers, without waiting
to ask htm if it was oppressive. No doubt he
will improve the privilege, and not only put this
feather on his neighbors' shoulders, but accom-
pany it with some heavier extortion to make it
stay there. 1 hope all these offensive features
will be stricken from the bill before it is brought
to a vote.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Chairman,
I am quite sure there is no class proposed to be
affected by this bill better able to bear taxation
than' the brokers of the city vf New York. 1 do
not believe that any tax this House can impose
will prove the slightest check upon the extent of
their operations. They have derived more pecu-
niary advantage from this war than any other class
of people. Their operations have been more ex-
tensive, their gambling more extreme and im-
moral, and I conceive that we should not only
impose this tax, but make it quadruple. It might
be so done with advantage to the Treasury and
without injury to the class of people we propose
to tax. Sii, the embariassments of theTreasury,
the inflation of the currency, and the derangement
of the condition of the financial and commercial
classes of New York and of the country, have
been created more by the gambling in Wall street
than from any other cause except the mismanage-
ment of the Treasury itself. Therefore I have
risen for the purpose of saying that we need be
under no apprehension that the brokers will not
bear any tax which we may think it expedient to
propose.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
lo talc* the gentleman from New York, who has
spoken in reference to the tax on biokcrs,at his
word, and to move that the tax shall be one fifth
instead of one tenth. I make the proposition in
good faith, and I hope that it will be adopted. We
hear that they ate willing and able to pay, and
we ought not to object to their paying.
Mr. MORRILL'. I move that the committee
rise with a view to close debate on this section.
The motion was agreed to.
 So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair? Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
!j state of the Union had, according to order, had the
Union genetally under consideration, and partic-
ularly the internal revenue bill, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
