1864/
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I
ms
destroyed legal securities, as well as the earnings
of industry in ordinary investments. It has in-
creased largely the prices of Government supplies,
thus enhancing greatly the cost of the war. It
bears severely upon the investments of widows
and orphans, and is sacrificing the business of the
country in the general ruin of the currency. This
flood of assignats has stimulated into still more
pernicious action all that crowd of corrupt and
hateful influences which follow in the wake of war
as sharks in that of the pestilent ship. The mis-
erable crowd of contractors and speculators on the
sufferings of their country, like so many leeches,
are sucking out the life-blood of the nation, while
preaching the unquestioning support of the Ad-
ministration and all its reckless and abortive meas-
ures as the true test of patriotism.
The acts of the Administration under the double
influence of Republican and abolition principles
are marked by singular tergiversation and incon-
sistency. In their Chicago platform, as in all
authoritative declarations, they declared it to be
their intention not to interfere with slavery in the
States, and to administer the Government accord-
ing to the Constitution. In the territorial gov-
ernments organized shortly after Mr. Lincoln's
advent to power, in New Mexico, Colorado, and
Nevada, when they had the power to insert a
provision for the exclusion of slavery, no such
exclusion was inserted; and although the Critten-
den resolutions were rejected by Congress until
the first battle of Bull Run, they were passed with
great unanimity afterthat event. Notwithstand-
ing these facts, however, and also Mr. Lincoln's
message to Congress exhorting that body to pros-
ecute the war solely for the restoration of the
Union, we soon find leaders of the party intro-
ducing into Congress bills for the conversion of
rebel States into Territories, for an indiscriminate
confiscation of estates, and waging thewarfor the
liberation of the slaves. We also find Mr. Lincoln,
under these influences, recommending in his an-
nual message in December, 1862, the call of a con-
vention to secure the emancipation of the slaves
in the States; and, without waiting for such con-
stitutional authority, under the pressure of theabo-
liiion portion of his party, proceeding to issue
proclamations of emancipation. Could human
weakness and inconsistency further go ?
The great and paramount object of all Govern-
ments is the protection of private property. It is
the great basis of all civilizations. Without its
recognition and stable protection there can be no
such thing even as communities. The framers
of the Constitution, regarding history as philos-
ophy teaching by example, aimed to insert in that
instrument a clause which, even in the midst of
the most fearful commotions and party violence,
would prevent a reenactment on this continent of
those barbarous confiscations which marked the
civil wars of the Romans, and are a stigma upon
the history of modern Europe. They therefore,
in the third section of the third article, used this
clear and unmistakable language, that—
No attainder of treason shall work corruption of blood,
or Jorfeiturc except during thehfe of the person attainted
In disregard of this constitutional prohibition,
this House passes a joint resolution explanatory
of the confiscation act for the purpose of confis-
cating the fee and maldngitoperative againstthe
innocent as well as the guilty.
Mr. Speaker, I have thus endeavored to state
the origin and true theory of the Government,
and to assign with fidelity the causes of the present
troubles. I have also noticed the measmes with
which the Administration has undertaken to meet
the extraordinary emergency, and have pointed
out their unconstitutional and pernicious charac-
ter, and their utter deficiency in a true policy.
Since we have thus far failed in reducing the re-
bellion with the unconstitutional weapons of re-
straints upon the liberty of the person, of speech,
and of the press—of martial law, emancipation
proclamations, and confiscation acts, it is fitting
for us now to inquire whether the armory of Gov-
ernment does not furnish others of more potent
energy and efficiency. There can indeed be no
permanent peace upon those principles. The com-
plete conquest and subjugation of an intelligent
and high-spiiited people history amply demon-
stratus to be a work of long duration and uncer-
tain result. Superior resources and physical
power may be sufficient to scatter military organ-
izations, but it is quiteadifTerentthingto conquer
and to subjugate. The histoVy of the Anglo-Saxon
race is full of illustrations of this truth. The
Normans conquered that race at the battle of
Hastings in 1066, but after "a struggle of six hun-
dred years the Saxon element had reasserted
itself, and the English constitution was restored
as it was before the Conquest. A great standing
army would be necessary to keep the South in
subjection, and she would occupy a position to
the rest of the Union such as Ireland and India
occupy to England, as Hungary to Austria, and
as Poland to Russia.
This war was inaugurated to put down military
usurpation. The calm, just, and ever patriotic
judgment of a confiding people approved and
cheered it on in its progress. It was not intended
to be a war against communities, individuals, or
their property and rights, but a war in defense of
the Constitution, the laws, and for the preserva-
tion of the Union. This is still its true and proper
object, and to this, if we would look for an early
and stable peace, the Administration must return.
The proclamations must be withdrawn, the con-
fiscation acts repealed, and we must get back to
the resolution adopted by Congress after the first
battle of Bull Run. Mark well its clear and-patri-
otic import:
u Resolved, Thatthepresentdeplorablecivil war has been
foiced upon the country by the disunionists of the southern
States, now in arms against the constitutional Government,
and in arms around the capital; that in this national emer-
gency Congress, banishing alkfeeling ot mere passion or
resentment, will recollect only its duty to the whole coun-
try ; that this war is not waged on their part in any spirit
of oppression, or for any purpose of conquest or subjuga-
tion or purpose of overthrowing or interfering with the
lights or established institutions? of those States, but to de-
fend and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution, and
to preserve the Union, with all the dignity, equality, and
rights of the several States unimpaired; and that as soon
as these objects are accomplished the war ought to cease."
Upon the principles upon which the war is now
waged, there is no rallying-point for Union senti-
ment in the South. It is unusualforan invading
army to advance without propositions of peace.
Our Army has none. Unconditional submission
to an enemy whose declared purpose is the destruc-
tion of their lights of property and social system
is all that is offered them. Is it surprising that
Union sentiment should he crushed out, that the
South should be united almost to a man, and that
its i>esistance should be intensified and embittered
with an energy derived from desperation ?
Above all things, Mr. Speaker, do I desire a
restoration of the Union as it was. It is the grand
experiment of civil liberty. Any sacrifice, any
concession, any appropriation should be made to
prevent its failure. We have a great mission, and
no trivial consideration of the negro, or any other,
should be permitted to interrupt it. It is our mis-
sion to demonstrate the problem of self-govern-
ment, and to revolutionize other Governments by
the silent force of a great example. While the
common law and all the privileges and advantages
of civilization have been tiansferred to this con-
tinent, nothing but the stabie continuance of our
admiiable system of government is needed to at-
tract within it the people of every clime.
Never were an aggregation offree and independ-
ent political communities better circumstanced
geographically for the purposesof such a Union.
On a scale of magnitude far surpassing the petty
States of Greece, Switzerland, and the Low Coun-
tries on the Rhine, there was, as between them-
selves, the happiest adaptation for a common gov-
ernment. Looking on the north and east to New-
England, there was there no conflict of pursuits
with any other section. Her climate was rigor-
ous and her soil sterile, and her only meansof de-
velopment were found in commerce and in manu-
factures. She was in a position to do the carry-
ing trade for her neighbors, and to work up their
raw material. Crossing westward into the State
of New York, we find her the possessor of s^reat
and peculiar resources, and of the national me-
tropolis, designed by nature as the commercial
empoiium of the continent. A little fuithersouth
was Pennsylvania, filled with iron and coal, and
favored perhaps more highly than any individual
State with a combination of agi icuitui al, mineral,
manufacturing,and commercial advantages. To
the west, in the great valley of the Mississippi,
the production of the cereals was a wonder. But
none of the States thus noticed produced rice, su-
gar-cane, cotton, or gold. These, again, were the
peculiar products of the States lying between Penn-
sylvania and the Gulf, and of those on the Pacific. ^
There was, therefore, among the seven*!,. $tates
those elements of unity, an adaptation,to supply
each other's wants, and a mutual dependence.
They were further tied together by great rivers
reaching far into the interior, and facilitating in-
tercourse between remote points. There were on
the Atlantic slope the Hudson, the Susquehanna,
the Delaware—to omit others of minor name—
and there was in the heart of the continent the
great inland sea of the Mississippi, flowing due
south from almost the arctic circle, and stretching
his long arms of the Missouri and the Ohio from
the Alleghany to the Rocky mountains. The
great chain of the Alleghanies, extending from the
lakes to the Gulf of Mexico, seemed also designed
by Providence as another physical bond of union.
There was in all this evidently the mostadmirable
foundation for union, for that very Government,
indeed, adopted by our fathers, combining in it-
self all the advantages of a consolidated empire
for all purposes of defense against foreign aggres-
sion, and containing within the State organiza-
tions every provision to meet the wants of par-
ticular localities. Experience proved its great
economy and eminent benefits; and the people of
every State grew warm in their attachment to it,
and wished for its perpetuity. The North had
profited largely by her connection with the South,
and by every variety of exchange. She had pro-
fited largely by the products of slave labor. New
England, with her barren soil and severe climate,
had yet, by her manufacturing industry with a
tariff protection, and her coastwise and foreign
trade, grown rich and more populous than any
other portion of the Union of the same area.
She had also disproportionate power for shaping
the policy of the*country to her own advantage
in having with a small territory a representation
of singular inequality in the Senate. With a to-
tal population of 3,135,283 she speaks through
the mouths of twelve Senators in the national
Legislature; while the State of New York, with
a population of 3,880,735, is heard only through
two. In view of the superior benefits which the
North has derived from the Union, it must bewad-
mitted to be the expression of a grave truth that *
the Cavalier held the cow while the thrifty Puri-
tan steadily milked her.
This war will be prosecuted, and its great pur-
pose should be peace upon the basis of the Con-
stitution. If we fail to accomplish this, through
the obstinate and misdirected poiicy of the Ad-
ministration, we shall have no permanent Gov-
ernment left in the Noith under the presentCon-
stitution. The cohesive power which constitutes
the national bond would be gone, and with it
would speedily perish the national debt. In the
competition for commerce resulting in a line of
free ports from the capes of the Chesapeake to
the Rio G rande our foreign commerce, too, would
dwindle, and the revenue derived therefrom would
perish, ltwould be impossible in congressional
legislation to reconcile the commercial interests of
New York and the agricultural interests of the
North west'with the manufacturing industry of
New England and Pennsylvania; free trade and
protection alike would be obstinately demanded.
An unceasing border war would be the inheritance
of the States bounded by the line of separation. It
is a still graver consideration that in the event of
such a calamity no man of reflection can wink-so
fast as not to see that a portion of the States must
become reunited by the instincts of empire, as well
as by every consideration of interest, of tuule,
commerce,and secuiity. Cast youreye over the
map of the States, and you see that all the nveis,
from the Hudson to the Rio Grande, have their
outlet to the ocean through the southern States.
The trade of the lakes, which is alone^reater than
all our foreign commerce, reaches tidewatei west
of New England, while that of the great basin of
the Mississippi, with its tributaries, compiising
fifty thousand miles of boatable navigation, can
find its way cheaply by the currents alone to the
Gulf of Mexico. The products of this mighty
valley and the cotton of the South constitute the
basis of the commerce of New York. It is idle
to suppose that she can exist without a union with
these grand divisions.
Pennsylvania must have a market for her iron
and coal, and the products of her varied industry;
while the Northwest is sure to follow her destiny
marked by the water-courses, as every producing
