1850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate on
section ninety-seven be closed in one minuteafter
the Committee of the Whole shall resume the
consecration thereof.
Mr. J. C, ALLEN. I ask the gentleman to
modify ins motion so as not to include the pro-
viso to the section.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to that.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rales be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Washbxjrne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the internal revenue
bill, the pending question being on the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Randall, of Pennsylvania,
to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Fenton and
Mr. Randall, of Pennsylvania, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 69, noes 46.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The proviso to the ninety-seventh section was
read, as follows:
Provided, That any person, firm, or company, not hems
licensed as a brokei, who shall selUor olTtr to sail any gold
and silver bullion, tster!inj* exchange, uncmrent money,
promi^oiy notes, Mock*, bond*, or oilier securities, shall
be liable, in addition to all other penalties jnovided m iuch
c.isc!", to pay fifty per cent, in addition to the. foregoing
duties ami rates of duty.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to amend that
proviso by striking out the words " uncurrent
money, promissory notes, stocks,bonds,orother
securities." 1 make this motion, and I desire to
call the attention of the gentleman from "Vermont,
who has charge of this bill, to the ground upon
which i base it.
Mr. KASSON. As I find there is an omission
in this proviso, I ask that it be reserved, in order
to give the committee an opportunity to prepare
an amendment.
. No objection being made, the proviso was
passed over informally.
Mr. SCHENCK. I had an amendment to
make to that proviso, and I wiH offer it and allow
it to go to the committee with the proviso itself.
It is to insert in line thirty-eight, after the word
" securities," the words " the same notbeing&ona
fide his own actual property."
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend section nine-
ty-eight by striking out of line two the words
"collected and paid," and inserting in Inu; thtee,
after " year," the words " to be paid;" also, by
inserting after the word " table" the words "gold
watch," and by stiikmg out after the word
"plate" the word "and," and inserting "or,"
so that the clause will read:
That there «hall he levied annually on the tir-t Monday
of May in each veas, ]o he paid by .im pcf-oa m pct-uii.s
o\Vnm«, po>-sc5.-ni!f ur keeping, anycauia^e, vnohi, bil-
liard j ..Jd watch, plate, oi ptauo-fbitc. or othei mu-
sical in>trumuiits«, the ><.veial untie?. oi suitm nt money
sot down in figtno.- against the xene. i< ^peetiveh. <>r oth-
erwise ->p«etikd and m.m toith in schedule heieto auneM'd
and maikt'd A, and the tame bhd!l be and remain a hen
tht'ieon mm! paid.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mi. CLAY. I move to amend the schedule to
section ninety-eight, in line forty-six, by insert- 1
ing after the word "use" the words ''also alt '
premiums awarded as a token of met it by nny
agricultural society, corporation, or association
of persons for any purpose whatever," so as to
exempt such premiums from duty.
Mr. BOIJT WELL I must oppose that amend-
ment, upon tile giound that it does not cover all
cases which ought to be included sn ait amend-
ment. of that sort, and also upon the ground that
it would exempt those articles sometimes under
circumstances where they ought not to bo tx~
empt. i will move to amencfthe amendment by
substituting for it " and arfiel<-« giv*>n by agri-
cultural and mechanical societies to the persons
possessing tin- same." I think they rhould he
exempt only so Jong as they are in the posses-
ion of the prisons to whom they .uvgtv it. The
premiums bestowed by mechanical associations
should be exempt as well as those given by agri-
cultural associations.
Mr. CLAY*. I think itiy amendment would
include mechanical associations.
Mr. BOUTWELL. it seems to me the word
" articles"is [neferable.to " premiums." I do not
know why money should be exempt. Persons
sometimes receive as much as $100 m money.
Mr. CLAY. The amendmentis only intended
to include articles of plate, &c.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman will no-
tice that he uses the woid " premium."
Mr. CLAY. The premium is generally a piece
of silverware of some kind.
I would have no objection to the amendment of
the gentleman if he would add the words " other
associations." There are a great many associa-
tions in the country formed for the purpose of im-
provement, which are not incorporated, and arfc
not mechanical associations. They should be in-
cluded as well as agricultural societies.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not know how far
those words would extend. There are many scien-
tific and literary associations. Mechanical and
agricultural associations cover the chief industrial
associations of the country.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Clay's amend-
ment, and it was agieed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I,move to insert after
the word " billiard" the word " bagatelle," so as
to include bagatelle tables.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope that that amendment
will not be adopted. In every house in the coun-
try almost there is a bagatelle board, from a foot
long up.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My impression is that
if the gentleman were to go into the saloons of
the cities of Chicago, Buffalo, or New York, or
any other city, he would find bagatelle tables as
well as billiard tables kept for hire; and I can see
no impropriety, tf we tax billiard tables, in also
taxing bagatelle tables.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. What are bagatelle tables ?
I hope that my colleague will explain, so that we
may vote understandingly. [Laughter.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GANSON. I move that the committee
take a recess for thirty minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. What for?
Mr. GANSON. There is not a quorum pres-
ent; and Genehal Burnside's cojps is marching
pat>t the Capitol.
Mr. FRANK. I move that the committee rise
fur c:t'• purpose of allowing the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to make a speech.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chaii, Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illi-
nois, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had,according to order,
had the Union generally underconsideration, and
particularly House bill No. 405, to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses, shhI had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I think under the circum-
stances that the House had better take a recess
foranhoui. It is now hedf past one, and I move
that the Hous- take a recess until half past two.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. For what reason
is j? proposed that the Mouse shall take a recess
foi an h<mr, and leave the public business?
, Mr.  STEVENS. To pel nut gentlemen on the
other side of ihe blouse to go and see the troops
who aie matching out against the enemy.
Mr PENDLETON, i hope that the House
will not t'lke a recess. Is it in order?
The SPEAKER. It is i,i order ntany time to
make tin3 motion.
Mi. STEELE, of New Yoik. I oppose the
ree<-s*, and demand a division.
Mr. COX. i should like to putin a protest
against the House leaving the puolic business to
go nnd see these colored troops.
'Ihe SPEAKEB. Debate is not in order.
Mt. PENDLETON demanded tellers on the
motion lor a ree< j
Telkrfiwou; oj tiered: «nd Messrs. Shannon
and Amco>:a writ appointed.
Th" ilo!t.^ divided, and the tellers repoited—
aye* (id, noes x:7.
?■*•  tm; motion was agreed to; and theieupon
the House took a recess until half past two o'clock
p. m.  
AFT8RN00N SESSTON^
The House "resumed its session at half past
two o'clock'.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Y/ashburne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the intern;*! revenue bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend the ninety-
ninth section in line two, by striking out the
words " levied,'collected and" before the word
"paid," so that the clause will read, "that
theie shall be paid by any person, firm, com-
pany, or agent or employe thereof, the following
duties or taxes, that is to say." The clause as
it now reads is not only inelegant, but it ex~
piesses an absuidity by saying that tuxes shall
be " levied, collected, and paid" by the person
who pays them.
Mr. HIGBY. I would suggestthat theclause
would be awkward even then. 1 would suggest
that it should lead, "that every peihon, firm,
company,or agent or employe thereof, shall pay
the following duties or taxes," &c.
Air. MORRILL. The objection to this clause
is very well taken; but the way to amend it is by
inserting something after the word "collected,"
so that it shall read, "there shall be levied and
collected on the articles hereafter enumerated, and
paid by any person,"&e.
Mr. GARFIELD. The general provisions of
the bill arrange for levying and collecting faxes.
This is .simply a pi u vision for <. oi lecting, nnd the
woids I have moved to strike out are unnecessary
and absurd.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Garfield
was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend, in line
six, by sinking out "twenty" and inserting
"forty," so as to make the clause read, "on all
cattle and calves exceeding three months old,
slaughtered for sale, forty cents per head."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I nm op-
posed to that amendment; and in opposing it I
will refer to the next clause, which provides that
on all cattle and calves under three months old,
slaughteied for sale, five cents a head shall be
paid. 1 refer to it because the two clauses bear
a relation to each other. The amendment under
consuleration proposes to increase the tax from
twenty to forty cents a bead on all slaughtered
over three months old. It strikes me that the
policy of the Government at this time should be
to favor the growing of cattle, instead of pursuing
a coutse which will encourage the killing of cat-
tle when they are small.
I happened the other day to be among a lot of
butchers when they were discussing the causes
of the high pi ice ofbeef; and they slated thatthe
cause, m addition to the demand for the Army,
was the fact that there ate speculators all through
the country who tire buying up colves and send-
ing them off to the cities, if that is so, why not
put a heavier tax upon calves under three months
old than upon those which are o!der?
If, however, the gentleman from Vermont pro-
poses to increase the tax pro rata upon those un-
der three months old, I have no objection to his
proposition.
Mr. MORRILL. I will simply state that the
original tax imposed upon cattle slaughtered was
three cents a head. As we proposer! to increase
all the taxes in the old bill to a very large extent,
we thought u not unreasonable to increase tins
tax. Buteheis appeared before us and objected
very otienaously to our increasing this L x, be-
cause' they say ml rhe tax comes out of ihem.
Now, there is seldom a bullock killed that is
worth les^ t.ian seventy-five dollars, and most of
them are worth more than that. The butchers
ins.iif thai this tax which we impose comcs out,
of them; but we oil know that their business is
exeecdmgly pi O'lmbh-; and I believe it may well
bearthe amount we propose —forty cents ahead.
I hope the amendment will prevnd.
The .umtuimem wa? ngieed to.
