THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
- WnfeTrom the detys of the Phenicians down to the
present time.
' 'While the South hag all the resources and geo-
graphical advantages which I have described, in
all probability it cannot exist alone, even if suc-
cessful,.for any great length of time as an inde-
^emdent'Power. A union with the northwestern
"arid middle States would become a necessity. For
'the present, perhaps for a generation, the vast
Stake which European Governments have in the
'division1 Of a Government based upon the popular
Wtll,and in the article of fcotton, wduld secure pro-
1 tectiori to the southern confederacy. The keen
6ye o.f commet-cial and manufacturing capital,
"With" the prejudice against slavery, would, how-
fever', render its life1 a short one. The world at
Jarge is too much interested in the growth and
'supply of cotton to trust, as heretofore, almost
Exclusively to the South for that supply in the
futuM. European capital and enterprise, stimu-
lated'by the lessons of experience, will, within
'the next quarter of a century, open up commer-
cial communications, plant settlements, and make
the cotton grow in the interior of Africa, Austra-
lia, the East Indies, as well as Mexico, Central
America, and the adjacent isles of the sea. When
the supply is thus secured equal to the demand,
independently of the South, then will the truce be
at an end. An alliance, holy or political, would
h'gain send an army on tlio inarch, and the " ana-
"conda" would then become a sterft reality. The
poliey, then, which governs'thewar and is carv-
ing out the dissolution of the Union, ifadhered to,
is but laying the foundation for a Union 111 the
valley of the Mississippi, as an inevitable conse-
quence and result.
The question of slavery in the Territories led
to the disturbance of a hartSony which might
otherwise have been perpetual. The Chicago
platform inaugurated revolution. TheStates being
sovereignties, and the public domain having'been
acquired by deeds of cession, by purchase, and
by conquest, in the absence of a judicial decision
recognizing the equal rights of tho South in the
Territories, upon what principle of equity or jus-
tice could that equality be denied ? A legal, con-
stitutional light, however recognized, it was well
known could not have resulted in the spread of
slavery; and yet a denial of it is the sad pretext
of our troubles. Washington, impressed with a
Aill knowledge of the antagonisms of society and
the violence of party struggles for supremacy, at
the close of his administration, still doubtful of
the permanency of the experiment, warned his
countrymen to a constant vigilance for its preser-
vation. Jefferson, with that unerring sagacity
which characterized his knowledge of human na-
ture, admonished the people of the whole country
that the array of parties upon a geographical line
would result in the destruction of the Govern-
ment.
This war cannot last forever. Sooner or Inter
contending parties must become exhausted, the
armies dwindled,credit destroyed, the land filled
with graves and clothed in mourning, and an
adjustment upon some terms will be the only
Cuie for the evil. The uncompromising obstinacy
of Charles I lost him his head; that of James
H his crown; that of George 111 Ins colonies.
Shall these SLates again be lost by imitating the
example? Shall we not rather learn a lesson
fr'om that chapter in our history in 1812, when
Mr. Clay, aided by Calhoun, pn ssed the wai of
that period upon the Administration of Mr. Mad-
ison in resistance to the British pretension to the
right of search? The war lasted lor three years
and some months. Theie was ^ieat sacufice of
life and vastexpenditure of money. Duringthat
period the Navy upon the waters of the Chesa-
peake and the Atlantic covered itself with imper-
ishable glory, and our soldieis poured out their
blood like water upon the liver Raisin and the
Thames, ntTippecanoo and Lundy'sLane. Anil
yet Mr. Clay, at the head of the American com-
mission, met the British conimissionersatGhent,
and theie negotiated a treaty of peace without
saying one word of the matter in contioveisy,
and which yet was deemed honorable and satis-
factory. Ne.u ly fifty years have elapsed since
that peiiod, and the light lemains unadjusted to
this day. In the mean time our relations with
England, social and commercial, have grown
more intimate and important.
Mr. Speaker, there is everywhere an anxious
and earnest looking forward to a termination of
this contest. I believe there is no obstacle so po-
tent against a return to peace as that spirit which
has given a new policy and a new object to the
war. To refuse, because of the institution ofsla-
veryin the southern States, to adhere to theUnion
of our fathers is all one as if we should refuse to
treat with the Ottoman Porte or the Barbary Pow-
ers because the one is the sovereign of a nation
recognizing polygamy, and the other the slavery
of the whites as well as the blacks. The man
possessed with a single-idea is of all the most
unfitted for a statesman. That high character
implies a condition of mind which contemplates
things as they are, and which forbears the removal
of a less mischief when this would be productive
of a greater. He must aim in his policy at the
production of the best good of society, but will
carefully refrain from great, sweepinginnovations,
preferring to leave the correction of evils to the
gentle hand of time, which, as Lord Bacon ex-
presses it, " is the greatest innovator," well as-
sured that 110 Government can be successful which
does riot adapt its policy to the various characters
of the people to be affected by it, and to its diver-
sities of industry and sectional interests.
Statesmen in every European Government may
be impressed with the superiority of republican in-
stitutions. They would, however, be deemed in-
fatuated to the last degree, if, taking advantage
of some partial indications among the people, they
should seek to bring on a crisis. They, with
better judgment, adhere to the existing order of
things, well knowing that changes, to be bene-
ficial, must be permanent. It was not at a single
bound that England, the fieest of the monarchies,
leaped from the fetters of thcfeudalsystcm. That
was the accomplishment only of centuries of
struggles against the power of the barons, under
the guidance of enlightened princes, great states-
men, and able lawyers; and after all, some of the
most objectionable features of that system cling to
her still". France, indeed, attempted,by a single
convulsive effort, to shake from her the bondage
under which she had groaned for centuries. She
succceded in obtaining a feveiish intei vnl of free-
dom, only to relapse into the old despotism; and
now, with her journals silent and liberty pros-
trate, how much better is her condition than be-
fore the revolution of 1789?
It was error, maddened error, as well as trea-
son in the South seceding as a remedy for her
grievances. Great revolutions arc only justified
by great oppressions. The South should have
remained in the Union, and fought her battle with
the abolition phalanx under the regis of the Con-
stitution. She laid the foundation of the Gov-
ernment and reared its superstructure, and the
broad folds of its flag furnished her ample pro-
tection. She should hove done this from patri-
otic considerat ions and ancestral recollections, and
sternly discarded the ignis/ndtits counsels of her
Yanceys, But let New England lemember that
the South, in this rebellion, is butaclmg out doc-
trines once maintained in all sincerity by herself.
Let her remember that southern slavery was
planted by her own enterpiise, hei ships reaping
nearly all the profits of the slave trade, which the
Constitution protected till 1808. These reflections
should incline us, while still prosecuting the war
for the support of the Constitution and the integ-
lity of the Union, to moderate our demands ac-
cording to the standard of justice. Let us all re-
member that it is an easy thing to destroy, but a
long and difficult one to build up. The struggle
for the establishment of human rights upon a pos-
itive basis of constitutional law has been long and
tedious, successful, and again doubtful.
Civilization may be said to have commenced its
march on the plains of .fudea, with the establish-
ment of the Jewish theocracy. Spreading thence
to India and Egypt, from the latter it was trans-
poited to Greece, where it shone brightly in its
classic literature, and in its efforts toward a sys-
tem of self-govefnment. Thence it was trans-
ferred to Rome, where it beamed with renewed
luster. Peculiar causes opeiating in Italy resulted
at the same time in the Roman republic. These,
the fiist recorded efforts for a democratic Govern-
ment, possessed inherent defects, and both, at the
period of the Christian era, were absorbed in the
imperial despotism of Octavius Caisar. The em-
pire ran its career of centuries till at length the
hopes of the liuman race lay .buried for a time in
the tomb of the dark ages. They awoke again
with the revival of learning in the twelfth century,
and received an undying impetus in the ages of the
Reformation, and of discovery which followed.
With theexception of the Italian republics, which
possessed no enduring vitality, and at a later day
those of Holland and Switzerland, monarchy,
everywhere, the world over, was the only accepted
form of polity.
It was at length, after six thousand years of
struggles by the race for the attainment of a per-
fect Government, thatour.wise forefathers, struck
with the favorable conditions for a renewal of the
experiment, resolved to attempt it on this conti-
nent. Starting" with the representative feature^
and the free principles of tlieEnglish monarchy,
they searched the storehouse of free' common- .
wealths for enduring materials for the new struc-
ture. To the selection and arrangement of the
political machinery which they needed, they
brought qualifications never before equaled in
the framers of States. Deep insight into human
nature, the profound knowledge of history and
of law, and unblemished patriotism were theirs.
Their perfect work standsbeforc us; nay, it isin
our keeping. Oh! let us not, let us not, I implore
you, permit the grand experiment to fail through
any remissness or perversity of ours.
It is indeed an easy thing to destroy; but to call
into being, whether in material affairs or in those
of morals and politics, great and useful works,
taxes the highest faculties and resources of man.
It is especially so in framing the institutions of
government. For this,; the learned sage and the
man versed in practical affairs must join their
anxious and patriotic labors. For the adoption,
amid opposing interests, of any system, is needed
the long and patient conference, the steady for-,
bearance, the timely concession and compromise.
The selfish principles must be held in check. A
curb must be laid upon the passions. But for the
destruction of the same system it is needed only
that we forbear the exercise of the virtues and
benevolent affections and give full sway to the
selfish principles.
The temple of Diana of Ephesus was the boast
of the ancient world. The treasures of kings
and all the art skill of the times had been pro-
fusely lavished upon it to render it the richest and
most magnificent of the structures of earth. Yet
the torch of Eratosthenes, infatuated with the am-
bition of immortality, though it should be one of
infamy, was sufficient in a few hours to lay it in
ashes.
Alas I that these reflections should find so prac-
tical an application in the events of the times.
We had a good Government. We possessed al-
ready what revolutionists in other Governments
set out to attain, and no pretensions to statesman-
ship should have been admitted which sought to
jar the system or break it up.
1 have read of a knight of the middle ages who
was the possessor of a shield of extraordinary
richness and workmanship. The material was
of the finest gold, and the device was emblazoned
with the rarest skill of the artist. The whole was
of matchless beauty. It was yet disfigured by a
single blemish. In an evil hour its possessor list-
ened to the persuasions of an artificer who pro-
posed to remove it by again subjecting it to the
iieat of the furnace. The experiment was made;
but the same heat which removed the stain de-
stroyed also the image upon the shield, and the
whole was reduced to a shapeless mass in the cru-
cible. He might make a new shield of the gold,
but theonesocunningly sculptured,and so highly
prized, was gone, alas! forever. The people of
the United Slates are in the position of the knight,
and their priceless shield is their constitutional
Government. The stain,if you will, is the insti-
tution of slavery. In the fires of civil war to which
the empirical artists have resorted to remove it, it
may be obliterated, but the Government itself,
under the operation, will be dissolved. New Gov-
ernments may indeed be founedof the materials,
but that of the American fathers will be no more.
Under Democratic rule, prior to the triumph of
the Chicago platform, the nation was at peace, uni-
ted, prosperous, and happy. Instead of a fright-
ful civil war, desolating the land and filling with
strife and bitterness the paths which lead to our
dwellings, we pointed with pride to our national
power, our commerce, our manufactures, our con-
