1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBBw
stitutional liberty; to our national monuments and
works of art, which everywhere decorated the line
of our progress, and were held up as the trophies
of a Christian civilization.
Eut, alas! the change. Byron, the immortal
poet, when writing his immortal verse amid the
ruins of the Roman empire, said:
" Alas! the lofty city! and alas !
Alas ! for Tully's voice, and Virgil's lay,
And Livy's pictured page; but these shall be
I-Ier resurrection; all beside—decay."
In the gloom that covers the land, from the great
Atlantic, where the light of the morning sun is
first seen, to where his setting rays go down in
the western ocean, without some patriotic sacri-
ficer to reestablish the broken columns of a once
mighty Government, the time may not be far re-
mote when the genius of American liberty may
say, Alas! for the fame of Washington and the
memory of Franklin, the eloquent stones of Irving
and of Prescott, the eloquence of Clay and of
Webster; these may be her resurrection—all
beside decay.
Message feom the'senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr, Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed an act (S. No. 51) to
authorize the appointment of a warden of the jail
in the District of Columbia; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the morning
hour has expired.
The SPEAKER. It has.
jfirk in "gloucester, massachusetts.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to give way a moment that I may offer
a resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. ALLEY. Objection has been withdrawn
to the resolution t offered a short time since in
reference to the fire in Gloucester, Massachusetts.
Mr. KING. I do not design to make any ob-
jection if the gentleman will allow an amendment •
otherwise I shall.
The resolution was read.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, objected.
ambulance system.
Mr. KELIhOGG, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
reported back a bill (S. No. 30) to establish a
uniform system of ambulances in the Army of
the United States; which was ordered to be print-
ed, and recommitted to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
warden of tiie jail, district op columbia..
Mr. FENTON. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table Senate bill No.
86, lo authorize the appointment of a warden of
the jail in the District of Columbia.
Mr. FINCK objected.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that tl^e House pro-
ceed to *the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of business on the Speaker's table,
when the bills thereon were taken up and disposed
of as indicated below.
expenses of levy court.
An act (S. No. 81) to apportion the expenses
of the levy court of the county of Washington
upon the basis of population was the first bill
taken from the table, read a first and second tune,
and referred to the Committee for the Distiict of
Columbia. ^
notaries public, district of columbia.
An act (S. No. 82) concerning notaries public
of the District of Columbia was the next bill
taken fiom the table, read a first and second tinic^
and referred to the Committee for the Distiict of
Columbia.
washington city sayings bank.
An act (S. No. 15) to incorporate the Wash-
ington City Savings Bank was the next bill taken
from the table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
• WASHINGTON PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
An act (S. No. 26) to provide for the public
instruction of youth in the county of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, was the next bill taken
from the table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
WASHINGTON GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
An act (S. No 77) to amend an act incorpo-
rating the Washington Gas-Light Company was
the next bill taken from the table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
PROVIDENCE HOSPITAL, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
An act (S. No.79) to incorporate the Providence
hospital in the City of Washington, District of
Columbia, was the next bill taken from the table,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
WARDEN OF TIIE JAIL, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
An act (S. No. 86) to authorize the appointment
of a warden of the jail in the Districtof Columbia
was the next bill taken from the table, and read a
first and second time.
Mr. FENTON. I move to put that bill upon
its passage now, and upon that I demand the pre-
vious question.
The bill was read.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman fromNew York
not to press that bill now, but to let it be referred.
Mr. FENTON. Its passage will save a large
amount of money to the Government, and I can-
not withdraw my demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COX. Is there an appropriation in that bill?
The SPEAKER. There is not. it establishes
a new office, creates a salary, but makes no ap-
propriation.
Mr. COX. Will it be in order to move to lay
the bill on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. COX. 1 make that motion.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 55, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. JamesC. Alien, Aucona, Brooks, James
S. Brown, Cox, Cravens, Demusou. Eden, Edaerton, El-
dudye, English, Ftnck, Ganson, Grider, Gn&wold, Hall,
llanUm*, iiamngton, Benjamin G. Harris Ilerriek, Hol~
tnuiij Hutchms, Wiiham Johnson, K;iU)fiei<ch. Kins, Law,
Long. Maliory.'Maicy, McDowell, MeKmney, William H.
Miller, Jamcs'lt. Mon is, Morrison, Noble, Pendleton, Pel ry,
llobinson. Rogeis. Jame* S. Rollins, Ku^, Scott, John 13.
Steele. William G. Steele, Stiles, Sliou^e, Stimrr, Sweat,
Voorheos, WntNworth, Webster, Wheeler. Chilton A.
White, Joseph VV. White, and Fernando Wood—5o.
NAYS—Messrb. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Ashley, John
D. Baldwin, Baxtm, Bemoan, Jacob B. Blair, Blow. Bout-
well, Bo>d, Biandesee, William G Brown, Ambiose W.
Clark, Freeman Clarke. Cobb, Cole, Cresweli, Da*vs,
Dixon, Donnelly, Diiusr--, Duoiont, Eckley, Eliot, Fenton,
Fiank. Gaifieid, Goooh, Gnnnell^ Hale, Higby, Hooper,
Asahel W. ilubbaid, Julian, Kas^on. Kej'iej, Oilamlo Kel-
logs. Loan, Longyeat, M.uvin, MeClnrg, Mclndoc, Samuel
FrMi!ler,Moorhead, Daniel Moiri<, Amos Myers, Leonard
ftlyer*, Noiton, Charles O'Neill, Oitli, Perham, Pike, Pom-
eroy. Price, Alexander II. Llicc, Senenek, Shannon, Sloan,
Smifh, Smithen*, Spalding, Starr, Stevens?, Up^on, Van
Valkenlmrgh, Ehhu li. VV^hhuino, William B. Wash-
burn, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—72.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question recurred on the demand for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LAW. Is it in order to move to refer the
bill to a committee >
The SPEAKER. It is not during the demand
for the previous question.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. FENTON moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nnys were ordered.
The question was taken; and it wns decided in
the affirmative—yeas 7fi, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—All.w, A!ii?on, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
lev, John D. Baldwin,'Baxtei, Iranian, Jaeob B. Blair,
Blow, Bontwell, Boyd, William G. Brown, Ambrose W.
Cluik, Cobb, Cole, Dawes, Dawson, Demmg, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Dumunt, Ecklej, Eliot, Fentoii, Frank, Gar-
field, Gooch, Gririnell, Hat<y Higby, Hooper, Asahei W -
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jutiah. iCassoft,Kel+
ley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,Loan, I*ong£ea$;
Marvin, McClurg/McIudoe, Samuel F. Miller,,Mootfcegd;
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Orttf. Per-
ham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander H. Rice, Edward1
H. Rollins, Scheuek, Scofield, Shannon,. Sloan, Smith*
Smithers, Spalding, Stevens, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenf
burgh, Elihu B. Washbume, William B. Washburn ,Wha-
ley, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—"^. • "
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen1, Aneona, Francis "P.
Blair, Brooks, James S. Brown, Clay, Cox, Cravens, Den*
nison, Eden, Edgexton, Eldridge, English, Firick, Grider^
Hall* Harding, Harrington, Benjamin. <J. Harris, Herrick,
Hoi man, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Law, Lazear1,
bong, Maflory, Marcy, McDowell, MeKinney, James W.
Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, Pendleton*, Perry, Rob-
inson, Rogers, James S. .Rollins, Ross, Scott, John ,J&;.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat,
Voorhees, Wadsworth, Ward, Webster, Wheeler, Chilton
A. White, Joseph W. White, Winfield, and Femandd
Wood—56.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider* the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
USE'OF THE HALL.
Mr. COX. I have been requested by a com-
mittee of citizens of this District to offer a resotur
tion asking the use of this Hall fr r a meeting-to
consider the condition of the Indians.
The resolution was read, as follows: .
Resolved, That the me of the Hall of this House.be ap*
propriated on Friday evening next for a public meeting)
when addresses will be delivered by John Ross and others
in regrud to the condition of the Indians.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I .object. ^
Mr. COX. Docs the gentleman from Illinois
object to the color? [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, No,sir. I
do not agree with the gentleman's views as ex-
pressed in the Buckeye Abroad. [Laughter.]
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I propose to extend for one hour the time fixed
for general debate. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. king] desires to have half an hour,
and my colleague from the Warren district [Mr.
Scofield] also desires to have the same length
of time.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. ^ I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itselfinto the
Committee ofthe Whole on the stateofthe Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
burne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and proceeded
to the consideration of the naval appropriation
bill, on which the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Kino] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. KING. Mr. Chairman, I regret the neT
cessity imposed upon me of saying anything in
relation to the local affairs of Missouri. I am
one of those who are content with settling our
difficulties among ourselves at home, before the
people, who have the right to be the arbiters be-
tween us. But in order to gain some political
advantages (I know not what else could have in-
duced gcrtflemen to bring Missouri affairs before
this House) gentlemen have seen proper to make
a statement of facts here on which i take issue
with them. I do so in justification of the people
of Missouri, of the State militia, of the enrolled
militia, of the provisional regiments of the State,
and of our late lamented Governor. I am not
here particularly the advocate of General Scho-
field. He has, in his military capacity, permit-
ted some things to be done in Missouri to which
I have objected. 1 do not intend un tins occa- _
sion to allude to them, but will seek some other
occasion.
But the honored position of the Governor of
our State, and of the-militia and military author-
ities of the State have been brought in question.
By whom? In the first place, some forty or fifty
members of the Legislature have thought it their
duty to manifest egainst the Governor a spirit, if
not of malignity  at least of hatred and ill-will.
They have presented, rather delicately I think, a
protest to the Senate ofthe United States against
the confirmation of the nomination of General
Schoficld. I leave that matter^to the Senate. X
have nothing to say for or against it. But these
