1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
McNeil was in command with our militia down
about Palmyra. He came up, took the lead in
the pursuit with fresh horses, and followed Por-
ter to the county seat of Adair county. McNeil
fought with and routed Porter's forces, which
then took an easterly direction toward the head
of Yellow creek. There Lieutenant Colonel
Woolfolk of the first Missouri State militia again
encountered them, and finally these five thousand
men of Porter's were dispersed and scattered to
the four winds. Porter with a few of his men
got across the Missouri river, started south, and
got to near Rolla, where he was encountered by
another portion of our State militia, and was killed;
and there he was buried. Such was the end of
Porter.
These gentlemen, sir, would have the com-
mander of the department of Missouri and the
militia of Missouri to be brought into disrepute be-
cause Poindexter and Porter had been allowed to
ravage the country. They undertook to leave the
impression that it was because there was a sort of
rebel sympathy among the Missouri militia, and
that they permitted this ravage of the territory of
their State. I deny that they allowed these ma-
rauders any sort of mercy. They cleaned out
Poindexter and Porter, as i have already shown.
There is another charge, that under the Admin-
istration the movements against the rebellion have
been intrusted to the hands of those who are in
sympathy with the rebellion. Let me quote the
language of those gentlemen. Thejr say: "
" Under this Administration Federal guns, as a general
rule, in western Missouri,ami it is believed throughout tlie
State, have been intrusted to the hands of those in sym-
pathy with the rebellion, to the almost entire exclusion of
those of known loyalty. And one of the consequences le-
sulung therefiom was, that a band of giieirillns, some fifteen
hundred in number, penetrated to the city of Boonville, the
geographical comer of the State, murdering the citizens,
and plundering, burning, and destroying property along their
route. Another was the massacre and destruction of prop-
erty at Lawrence."
In reference to the Shelby raid, I have the re-
port of General Brown. It is charged by my col-
leagues that the militia by their disloyal associa-
tions and organization permitted Shelby and his
freebooters to ravage the country, that they were
allowed to do what they pleased, with no one to
interfere with them. I hold in my hand tiie re-
portof General Brown. Let us see what the facts
are in reference to that raid. I will not quote it
all. On the 10th of Octobcr, 1863, General Brown
reported that after ascertaining that Shelby had
crossed the Osage and moving in a direction to-
ward Boonville, ho had him closely pressed by
Lieutenant Colonel Lazear of the first M. S. M., a
part of the fourth M. S.M.,and portions of the fifth
and ninth provisional regiments E. M. M", mak-
ing in all about one thousand men. On the 11th
the enemy were hotly pursued ki the country be-
tween Oltcrviile and Boonville. On the I2th it
was discovered that Shelby must be in or about
Boonville, and Lieutenant Houts, of the seventh
Al. S. M., with a small force was sent forward,
who encountered the enemy's advance, killing
one, and mortally wounding the commander and
two others. Shelby, being hard pressed, left
Boonville in a southwest direction, crossing the
Lamine. General Brown, crossing the same
stream near the mouth of Blackwater, attacked
Shelby's rearguard, forcing the enemy to make
a stand, when a sharp fight commenced, and after
a running fight for several miles, the enemy were
forced to give battle on the Salt Pork of the La-
nmie. They opened with musketry and artillery.
General Brown then goes on in his official report
to say:
" We fought him nut it dark, in the ini'l-t of a dienclung
r;un. The enemy lost sixteen lulled and :i number wound-
ed. One man of Thulbur's battery killed, being the only
casualty on our fide.
u ilore f was joined by Lieutenant Colonel Lazcar's coin*
mand. My un«t£d fosce*> consisting of the seventh M. S.
i\i., Colonel J. Ft Phillips, detachments of the fust M.S.
M., Lieutenant Colonel Lazear, the fouitil M. S.M.JUajor
Kelly, the fifth Piousional E. M. M.. Major Gentrv, the
ninth PiovJMomU E. M. M.,and ioui -mull guns of Thui-
bui\3 first M, fc>. M. battery, amounting to about sixteen
hundred men.
" At three o'clock a. m. of the 13th I ordered Lieutenant
Colonel Lazear to march with his command to a road to the
loft direct to Marshall. At d.ij light T mai chert m the enemy's
traiHoward the Arrow Rock and Marshall road, and thence
towaid Marshall. The enemy attacked Lieutenant Colonel
Lazear at eight a. m. near Marshall, the latter occupying the !
town? 1 artived on the field about half past nine o'clock. I
Finding the budge and ford aero-^ the Salt Polk disputed 1
by about a regimentof the enemy, M.tjou Sue^s and limits, I
seventh M. S. M., with three enmpanie* and two pieces of 1
Thurbur's battery, engaged them, and covered the crossing
of the main force about three quarters of a mile below, at-
tacking the enemy on his left flank, while Major Suess, after
crossing the bridge, attacked them in rear. The enemy soon
gave way, and,on being hard pressed, broke in every direc-
tion, losing his best piece of artillery, a ten-pounder, the
main body retreating toward Miami, Colonel Phillips, tak-
ing up the pursuit, fighting him to a point six miles south of
Miami, and ten miles from Marshall. Here Colonel Phillips
bivouacked during the night, following the enemy to the
Missouri river, and thence south through Waverly next day,
capturing allot his transportation, ambulances, five wagon
loads of fixed ammunition, live hundred pounds of rifle pow-
der, and a number of mules and horses.
"Pait of the rebel force, about three hundred, under
Hunter, was heard from, moving east,and I dispatched Ma-
jor Houts, vvithtwocompanies of the seventh M.S.M.and
two companies of the forty-third E. M. M., commanded
by Captain Hart, in pursuit. Major Kelly, with a battalion
of the fourth M. S. M. and Gentiy's battalion of the fifth
Provisional E. M.M., marched toward Sedalia, arriving
there on the uigbtof the 14th. Lieutenant Colonel Lazear,
of the first M. S. M., marchcd toward Lexington, pushing
forward rapidly, and got ahead of Colonel Phillips, who
gave up the pursuit (his horses being nearly worn out) to
Lieutenant Colonel Lazear. Colonel Wier, of General
Ewing's forces, who iiad movpd north through Clintou,on
the night of the 13th had arrived at a point ten miles south
of Marshall, and on the morning of the 14th marched west,
with the expectation of being able to intercept the enemy
south of Lexington; shortly after relieved Lazear's troops,
the former having fresh horses, and pursued the enemy
west of Warrensburg.
"I returned to Sedalia on the night of the 14th, leaving
two companies of the seventh M. S.M. to scout the coun-
try east and west of Marshall as far as the Missouri river
for stragglers from the shattered rebel forces. On arriving
at Sedalia I dispatched Colonel Hall, of the fourth M. S.
M., with fresh troops in pursuit of that part of the enemy
which had gone east and had crossed the Pacific railroad
near Otterville, rehevmgMajor Houts's command. Colonel
Hall followed this part of the forces of the enemy across
the Osage, and gove up the pursuit when he found General
McNcil's troops had obtained the advance with fresh
hoises.
"As soon as I became satisfied that the enemy were
broken up into small bodies, scouting parties were ordered
to move through all parts of this district, and attack stiag-
gling bands, and secure as much abandoned property as
possible. This has been successfully done.
" The enemy entered tbis district at Warsaw on the 8th
with sixteen hundred well-aimed men, soon increased to
about eighteen bundled by two bands that joined him from
the east. Within twenty-four hours aftenvaids he was
attacked, and for four Jays a running fight was kept up un-
til he was forced'to make a stand at"Marshall with the re-
sult as stated.
" When the raid began the troop& of the district were 1
stationed over a tract of country one hundred and twenty i
miles square, occupying thirty-s-even posts. In seven dajs j
they were concentrated, aifd marched two bundled and i
eighty miles, (some of the command over three hundred,) !
without trains, and but asfcanty subsistence, three days and .
nights in rain; and have killed and wounded a huge num-
ber of the enemy, capturing about one hundied prisoners,
with a part of his artillery and aims, and ail ot his trains,
ambulances, and ammunition wagons. As the skirmish-
ing ajid fighting extended over one hundied miles of thickly
wooded country no reliable report of the exact loss of the
enemy can be made.
" The lo*.s on our side was five killed, twenty-six wound-
ed, and eleven missing and captured, making a total of forty-
two. We had seventeen horses killed, thirty-four wounded,
arid sixty-one broken down and abandoned on the maich.
Total loss of horses one hundred and twelve.
The troops of this district deceive the especial consid-
eiation of the major general commanding, for their cour-
age, endurance, arad the cheerful manner they have- done
their duty. Without being invidious, I may be permitted
to express my obligation* to Colonel George II. Hall, Col-
onel John F. Phillips Lieutenant Colonel C. Lazear, Ma- |
jors Foster, Houts, Suess, Kelly, Williams, and Gentry,
and Captain Thurbur, for their active eoopeiation, and to
the members of my staff, Lieutenant Colonel T. A. Switz-
ler, Dr. R. P. Richardson, and Lieutenant E. G. Loaming,
for their assistance.
" It is with peculiar pleasure that I refer to the orderly
conduct of the troops in the respect paid to the rights of the
citizens, notwithstanding their privations and exposure on
their fatiguing marches.
"To the citizons of Sedalia and the country generally,
and to the enrolled Missouri militia who rea'dily obeyed
the call ' to arms,' the State is in part indebted for the un-
successful iSf-ue of the raid.'5
Then came General McNeil, then in command
of the southwest district, the same who won his
star by his gallant conduct in so signally aiding
to drive Porter and his band from North Missouri.
I here read from his official report, which shows
lie put an end to the Shelby raid, which will stand
as a beacon warning against such raids in the fu-
ture, especially when they will have to meet the
Missouri militia.
I read from the report. General McNeil says:
"I at once addressed myself to the work of concentiat-
ing force enough for pursuit when the enemy should cross
the Osage on his letreat south.
" With about two hundred and sixty men and a section
of Rabb's battery I marched to Bolivar, where General
Holland was in camp with part of two regiments of enrolled
militia andademi-hatteiy under Lieutenant Stover. Leav-
ing the general directions to obseive and pursue Coffee
and Huntei, it they should cross the Osage at Warsaw, I
marched in the direction of Lamar, via Humansville and
Stockton, to cut off Shelby, who was reported in full flight
south of Snybar, witl) General J3wtng in pursuit. At Stocks
ton I was joined by Major King, sixth cavalry M. S. M,,.
with three hundred and seventy-five men of the sixth and
eighth M. S. M. The force had entered Humansville ifrom
the north, in pursuit of Hunter and Coffee, four hours after
I had passed through it toward the west.
" Major King attacked and drove this force through Hu-
mansville, capturing their last cannon* - •
" Finding that Shelby had passed through Stockton In
advance of me, I marched to Greenfield and Sarcoxie Via'
Bower's mill, and on the night of the 19th camped at Kelts*
viiie, when i soon learned of scouts of Colonel Phelps,;Com-
mandmg at CassvMe, that the enemy had crossed the tel-
egraph roati at Cross Timbers that day about noon.
"I kept up a rapid pursuit, following the trail ofouYfly*
ing foe via Sugar creek and Early's ferry to Huntsville;
Our advance party, entering Huntsville with a dash, took
quite a number of soldiers, (of Brooks's rebel command,)
with their horses and arms. I was there joined by Colonel
Edwards, eighteenth Iowa infantry, with three hundred
men of his regiment, and Major Hunt, first Arkansas cav-
alry volunteers, one hundred and seventy-five men, and
two mountain howitzers. This gave me an effective force
of six hundred cavalry and three bundled infantry, with
four guns, two of these being 12-pounder mountain howit-
zers. We had here information that Shelby and Brooks
had united their forces, on War Eagle creek, and that Hun-
ter and Coffee were also there, the combined force amount-
ing to twenty-five hundred men. We marched toward this
camp to attack, but found that the enemy bad gone.
" On the 24th we marched across a tremendous mountain,
called Buffalo mountain, and finding the enemy in camp
in a snug little valley on the other side attacked and drove
him at sundown, dropping into his camp. The mountain
on the other side was too steep nnd the passes too narrow
for a night pursuit, and we had to content ourselves by
waiting for the light of the morning. At early dawn we
struck again into the mountains; our advance, under Major
Hunt, first Arkansas cavalry, was skirmishing with the en-
emy all day, driving them before us. On the 26th, while
engaged in an attack on the enemy's lear-guard, who were
posted in a narrow pttss, Lieutenant Robinson, of the first
Arkansas cavalry, was mortally wounded. He was brought
into camp, and died that night at ten o'clock.
" On the 27th we marched into Clarksville, and learned
that Shelby had made good his escape and crossed the
river, and that Brooks had gone down into the valley of the
BigPiney, with instructions to pick up stragglers from the
rebel army and to cut off any train that might be coming
to me from Fayetteville.
*'< My cavalry and artillery horses were too badly used up
to permit of pursuit across the river, so I turned my course
toward Fort Smith." * * * * "Although I
have been disappointed in my earnest hope to attack and
destroy the forces under Shelby. X am confident of having
done all that man could do under the circumstances. We
have driven the enemy «:o that he had to stick to the road,
and thus prevented a widely extended pillage both in Mis-
souri and Arkansas.
"We have taken forty-four prisoners, besides discharg-
ing as many more who were consciipts. We have killed
and wounded many of his men, and driven numbers to the
mountains where lie will not easily get them again. The
captures in horses weie aI o large.
My officers and men bore the fatigue and exposure of
this campaign withouttentsand on small rations, in a man-
ner to excite my admiration. Colonels Edwaid.- and Cath-
erwood were earnest m their cooperations in duty. Majors
King, Eno, and Hunt were always ready for any duty as-
signed to them. Major King deserves cspecia) mention for
bis gallant attack on the enemy at Humansville on the 15th,
m which he captured the last cannon the enemy brought
into Missouri with him, a six-pounder brass gun. Major
Hunt, Willi his battalion of Aikansians, were, on account
of their knowledge of the countiy, pushed forward in the
advance from Huntsville to Claiksvtlle. This duty was
ptomptlyand cheerfully performed by the major and his
gallant command, who drove the enemy from every posi-
tion. killing and wounding many, and taking prisoners at
every charge.
"To Captain Rabb, chief of artillery, and Lieutenant
Wicker, ltabb's battery, and Johnson'' section of howit-
zers, 1 am under obligations for services which mark them
as true soldiers. Lieutenant Barbie, quartermaster of the
sixth cavalry, Mi*>souii State militia, acted as chief quar-
termaster of the expedition, and gave unqualified satisfac-
tion. Lieutenant Sell, commissary of the same regiment,
acted as chief commissary, acquitting himself with great
credit."
You will see that General McNeil drove them
until there was scarcely one of them left. He
drove them across the Arkansas river. He took
from them in the mean time the only cannon they
had left. That, Mr. Chairman, is the kind of
sympathy that these rebels had when they came
into Missouri. Itrefutesthe charges made against
my people. Shelby is a man of observation. He
is a man of intelligence. He lived in La Payette
county, on the border of Saline. Last August
my colleagues, every one of them, came to Wash-
ington in conjunction with others, and made
statements of the disloyal sympathies of the peo-
ple of Missouri. As soon as Shelby heard that,
he believed what they said to be true, and he
took it into his head to gather up a band and
make a raid. General Brown states that Shelby
had eighteen hundred troops white he had only
a thousand. Upon the statements of my col-
leagues Shelby took it into his head, "As there
are no United States troops there, I can go in, and
the militia will be 4 hail fellows well met.* I have
t-een what their Representatives suy about them.
