1864.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGfSESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
Laws of the United States.
38TH GONG....JBT
or tax imposed hereby to their rates of fare when-
ever their liability thereto may commence, any
limitations which may exist by law or by agree-
ment with any person or company which may
have paid or be liable to pay such fare to the
contrary notwithstanding.
express companies.
Sec. 104. And be it further enacted^ That any
person, firm, company, or corporation carrying
on or doing an express business, shall be subject
to and pay a duty of three per centum on the
gross amount of all the receipts of such express
business.
insurance companies.
Sec. 105. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty of one
and a half of one per centum upon the gross
receipts of premiums, or assessments for insur-
ance from loss or damage by fire or by the perils
of the sea, made by every insurance company,
whether inland or marine or fire insurance com-
pany, and by every association or individual en*
gaged in the business of insurance against loss
04- damage by fire or by-the perils of the sea; and
by every person, firm, company, or corporation,
who shall issue tickets or contracts of insurance
against injury to persons while travelingby land
or water; and a like duty shall be paid by the
agent of any foreign insurance company having
an office or doing business within the United
States; and that in the account or return to be
rendered, they shall state the amount insured,
renewed, or continued, the gross amount of pre-
miums received and assessments collected, and
the duties by law accruing thereon for the quar-
ter then next pieceding.
passports.
Sec. 10G. And be it further enacted, That for
every passport issued from the office of the Sec-
retary of State, there shall be paid the sum of five
dollars; which amount may be paid to any col-
lector appointed under this act, and his receipt
therefor shall be forwarded with the application
for such passport to the office of the Secretary of
State, or any agent appointed by him, to be trans-
mitted to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
there to be charged'to the account of such col-
lector. And the collectors shall account for all
moneys received for passports in the manner here*
inbefore provided, and alike amount shall be paid
for every passport issued by any minister or con-
sul of the United States, who shall account there-
for to the Treasury.
telegraph companies.
Sec. 107. And be it further enacted, That any
person, fit in, company, or cotporation owning
or possessing or having the care or management
of any telegraphic line by which telegraphic dis-
patches or messages are received or transmitted,
shall be subject to, and pay a duty of, five per
centum on the gross amount of all receipts of such
person, firm, company, or corporation.
THEATERS, OPERAS, CIRCUSES, AND MUSEUMS.
Sec. 108. Andbe il fui ther enacted, That any
person, fiim, or corporation, or the manager or
agent thereof, owning, conducting, or having
the care or management, of anj theater, opera,
circus, museum, or other public exhibition of
dramatic or operatic representations, plays, per-
formances, musical entertainments, feats of horse-
manship, acrobatic sports, or other shows which
are opened to the public for pay, but not including
occasional concerts, school exhibitions, lectures,
or exhibitions of works of art, shall be subject to
and pay a duty of two per centum on the gross
amount of all receipts derived by such person,
firm, company, or corporation from such rep-
resentations, plays, performances, exhibitions,
shows, or musical entertainments.
Sec. 109. And be it further enacted, That any
person* firm, company,or corporation owning or
possessing, or having the care or management of,
any railroad, canal, steamboat,ship, barge, canal-
boat, or other vessel, or any ferry, toll-road or
bridge, os enumerated and described in section
one hundred and two [three] of this act; or carry-
ing on or doing an express business; or engaged
in the business of insurance, as hereinbefore
described; or owning or having the care and man-
agement of any telegraph line, or owning, pos-
New Series—No, 15.
sessing, leasing, or having the control or manage-
ment of any circus, theater, opera, or museum^
shall within twenty days after the end of each
and every month, make a list or return in dupli-
cate to the assistant assessor of the district, stat-
ing the gross amount of their receipts,.respect-
ively, for the month next preceding, which return
shall be verified by the oath or affirmation of such
owner, possessor, manager,agent, or other proper
officer, in the manner and form to be prescribed
from time to time by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue; and shall also pay to the collector
the full amount of duties which have accrued on
such receipts for the month aforesaid. And in
case of neglect or refusal to make said lists or re-
turn for the space of ten days after such return
should have been made as aforesaid, the assessor
or assistant assessor shall proceed to estimate the
amount received and the duties payable thereon,
and shall add thereto ten per centum, as herein-
before provided in other cases of delinquency, to
make return for purposes of assessment; ana for
the purpose of making such assessment, or of
ascertaining; the correctness of any such return,
the books of any such person, firm, company, or
corporation shall be subject to the inspection of
the assessor or assistant assessor on his demand
or request therefor. And-in case of neglect or
refusal to pay the duties, with the addition afore:
said, when the same have been ascertained, for
the space of ten days after the same shall have
become payable, the owner, possessor, or person
having the management as aforesaid, shall pay,
in addition,ten per centum on theamountof such
duties and addition; and for any attempt know-
ingly to evade the payment of such duties, the
said owner, possessor, or person having the care
or managementas aforesaid, shall be liable to pay
a penalty of one thousand dollars for every such
attempt, to be recovered as provided in this act
for the recovery of penalties. And all provis-
ions of this act in relation to liens and collections
by distraint, not incompatible herewith, shall
apply to this section and the objects therein em-
braced.
banks and banking.
Sec. 110. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there
shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty of one
twenty-fourth of one percentumeach month upon
the average amount of the deposits of money, sub-
ject to payment by check or draft, or represented
by certificates of deposit or otherwise, whether
payable on demand or at some future day, with
any person, bank, association, company or cor-
poration engaged in the business of banking; and
a duty of one twenty-fourth of one per centum
each month as aforesaid, upon the average amount
of the capital of any bank, association, company,
or corporation, or person engaged in the business
of banking beyond the amount invested in United
States bonds; and a duty of ope twelfth of one
per centum each month upon the average amount
of circulation issued by any bank, association,
corporation, company, or person, including as
circulation all certified checks and all notes and
other obligations calculated or intended to circu-
late or to be used as money, but not including that
in the vault of the bank, or redeemed and on de-
posit for said bank; and an additional duty of one
sixth of one per centum, each month, upon the
average amount of such circulation, issued as
aforesaid, beyond theamountofninety per centum
of the capital of any such bank, association, cor-
poration, company, or person, and upon any
amount of such circulation, beyond the average
amount of the circulation that had been issued as
aforesaid by any such bank, association, corpora-
tion, company, or person, for the six months pre-
ceding the first day of July .eighteen hundred and
sixty-four. And on the first Monday of August
next, and of each month thereafter, airue and ac-
curate return of the amount of circulation, of de-
posit,and of capital as aforesaid, for the previous
month, shall be made and rendered in duplicate by
each of such banks, associations, corporations,
companies, or persons to the assessor of the dis-
trictin which any such bank, association, corpora-
tion, or company may be located, or in which such
person may reside, with a declaration annexed
thereto, and the oath or animation of such per-
son, or of the president or cashier of such bank,
association, co rpoiation, or company, in such form
and manner as may be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, that the same con-
tains a true and faithful statement of the amount
of circulation, deposits, and capital as aforesaid,
subject to duty as aforesaid, and shall transmit
the duplicate of said return to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, and within twenty dayis
thereafter shall pay to the said Commissioner of
Internal Revenue the duties hereinbefore pre-
scribed upon the said amount of circulation, of
deposits, and of capital,as aforesaid,and forany
refusal or neglect to make or to render such re-
turn and payment as aforesaid, any such bank,
association, corporation, company, or person so
in default shall be subject to and pay a penalty of
two huudred dollars, besides the additional pen-
alty and forfeitures in other cases provided in this
act; and the amount of circulation; deposit,. a d "
capital, as aforesaid, in default of the proper re-
turn, shall be estimated by the assessor or assist-
ant assessorof the district as aforesaid,upon the
best information be can obtain; and every such
penalty, together with the duties as aforesaid,
may be recovered for the use of the United State*
in any court of competent jurisdiction.. And in
the case of banks with branches, the duty herein
providedfor shall be imposed upon the circula-
tion of each branch, severally, and the amountof
capital of each branch shall be considered to be
the amount allotted to such branch; and so much
of an act entitled "An act to provide ways ajid
means for the support of the Government," ap-
proved March three, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, as imposes any tax on banks, their circu-
lation, capital, or deposits, other than is herein
provided, is hereby repealed: Provided,That this
section shall not apply to associations which are
taxed under and by virtue of the act " to provide
a national currency, secured by a pledge of Uni-
ted States bonds, and to provide for the circula-
tion and redemption thereof;" nor to any savings
bank having no capital stock, and whose business
is confined to receiving deposits and loaning the
same on interest for the benefit of the depositors
only, and which do no other business of banking:
And provided further, That any bank ceasing to
issue notes for circulation, and which shall de-
posit in the Treasury of the United States, in
lawful money, the amount of its outstanding cir-
culation, to be redeemed at par, under such regu-
lations as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe, shall be exempt from any tax upon
such circulation.
lotteries.
Sec. 111. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every
individual partnership, firm, and association,
being proprietors, managers, or agents of lotte-
ries, shall pay a tax of five per centum on the
gross amount of the receipts from the snid busi-
ness; and all persons making such sales shall,
within ten days after the first day of each and
every month, make and render a list or return in
duplicate to the assistant assessor of the gross
amount of such sales, made as aforesaid, with the
amount of duty which has accrued or should
accrue thereon; which list shall have annexed
thereto a declaration, under oath or affirmation,
in such form and signed by such oificer, agent,or
clerk, as may be prescribed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, that the same is true and
correct, and that the said proprietors, managers,
and agents shall, on or before the twentieth day
of each and every month, as aforesaid, pay the
collector or deputy collector of the proper district
the amount of the duty or tax as aforesaid. And
in default of making such lists or returns, the said
proprietors, managers, and agents, and all other
persons making such sales, shall be subject to
and pay a penalty of one thousand dollars, be-
sides the additions, penalties, and forfeitures in
other cases provided; and the said proprietors,
managers, and agents shall, in default of pay-
ing the said duty or tax at the time herein re-
quired, be subject to and pay a penalty of one
thousand dollais, or be imprisoned not exceeding
one year. In al! cases of delinquency in making
said list, return, or payment, the assessments and
collections shall be made in the manner prescribed
in the provisions of this act in relation to manu-
factures, articles, and products: Provided, That
the managers of any sanitary fair, or of any chari-
table, benevolent, or religious association, may
