2830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
was my duty to address the people of Indiana in
a very important political convention. In that
convention I said just what I now believe, that
\vith slavery, according to the almost unanimous
declaration of Congress in this war, we have noth-
ing to do, that with the slave we have nothing to
do. I said then, as I flow repeat, that if our com-
manders as they make their march toward the
South can use the black labor so as to relieve our
white soldiers from the burdensome part of their
duty I should acquiesce in it and support such a
policy; but I am now as much opposed as I was
then to shedding our blood and wasting our north-
ern treasures for an end Which we cannot arrive
at except wedo it over a broken Constitution and
violated law. The institution of slavery exists
by virtue of the laws of the States, not by virtue
of the laws of the United States, and the validity
of those laws, their supremacy and authority is
guarantied by that Constitution which my col-
league as well as myself took a solemn oath to
support as long as we hold seats ill this body.
If slavery shall disappear during the progress of
the war as an incident of the war, as a necessary
consequence of the war, let it take its fortunes
like other property. We see the house of the
southerner disappear, we see his fences disappear,
his improvements disappear. This is the conse-
quence of the passage of grtat armies over any
country. If slavery disappears so, it takes its
fortune 111 the chances of war; and the men of the
South who inaugurated this war, as I believe with-
out a sufficient reason, brought their properly
thus in danger. But as Senators we have no
right, in my judgment, to make this war for the
purpose of destroying the institution of slavery
except (as the Senator qualifies his argument)
it be necessary to restoi# the Union; and now,
if it were anywhere else, I would say that that
argument—1 have heard it so often—is a Jesuit-
ical one. It is never, in my judgment, politic or
right to do wrong. To save the Constitution it
is never necessary to violate the Constitution.
The Constitution has guarantied to the Slates
their institutions and the validity of their laws,
nnd if these laws cieate distinctions 111 society,
give to the black man a certain status and con-
dition, with those laws we have nothing to do,
and it is not for us to shed blood and waste treas-
ure to strike them clown. That part of my col-
league's argument I certainly cannot agree to.
While by my votes I shall support appropria-
tions of money to sustain the Aimy in the field,
I shall never support that policy wliich looks as
a purpose to the destruction of any institution
whatever which is guarantied by the Constitu-
tion I have sworn to support.
A word or two now, Mr. President, on the
measure before the body. The draft is a dread-
ful measure upon the people. I know how they
feel about it. When a neighbor is drafted who is
in such poor circumstances thaL he cannot pay
his commutation money, and it is destructive to
him and his family for liirn to go into the field,
his neighbovs cheerfully make up the money to
modify what they regard ai the hard fortune un-
der which he is placed. This does mitigate ihe
severity of the measure. Jt encourages volun-
teering, because it places in the'coffers of the Gov-
ernment an amount of money which can be used
to pay bounties and get volunteers. It is safe to
the Government, for it secures the services of
volunteer soldiers instead of drafted soldiers.
Neither my colleague nor any other Senator will
question that the volunteer soldier is as good, to
say the least, in the field as the drafted man. [Ie
goes cheerfully; his pride, his honor become in-
volved from the very day that he writes down his
name as a volunteer soldier. Then I think the pol-
icy is, if you have a draft, to let those who cannot
go pay their money in, and let that money be used
to encourage volunteering. It has so farlilled up
the Army. But I wish to repeat to the Senator
who has this measure now 111 ehaigu, the Sena-
tor who supported the views I now present on
the particular measure (not my other views) last
winter, the question which I put a little while a^o.
I thought my colleague could have answered it,
inasmuch as he was upon the committee, and was
attempting to make an argument upon it.
The question I asked was, what are the facts
that justify a departure from the policy adopted
after mature deliberation last winter? and in the
course of that inquiry I asked what was the num-
ber of men in the field. I can look at the list of
men that have been called for and that have been
drafted in'the past, and I see that it foots up to
two million two hundred thousand men. More
than two million men have been brought into the
field when you add up the different calls that
have been made by the President. I do noi know
whether all the States have filled up all these
calls; I know Indiana has. Two million two
hundred thousand men have been called for in
the different proclamations of the President; and
where are they? Some of them have been dis-
charged, some discharged at the expiration of
tljeir term and reenlisted. When the Secretary
of War makes a demand upon us to change our
policy, have we not a right to ask of him, to ask
of the chairman of the Military Committee, of
my colleague, a member of that committee, to
know how many men there are in the field now?
Ifweare to resort to this hard measure, which the
Piesident of the United States 1 believe denom-
inated as " dragging the bullock to the slaughter
pen," have we not a right when such a hard vote
is called for from us as against our constituents
to know the necessity of it? The Senator rep-
resenting the War Department last winter told
us to what extent the Army ought to be filled
up, to how many hundreds of thousands. It
was provided for. The response has come from
the country. The regiments have passed through
here like a deep and broad river until now Rich-
mond is approached by a mighty host. Are
theie enough of them? If not, where arc the
men, and upon what service are they engaged ?
We have a right to know this, and the Secretary
of War may not demand of the Senate a change of
its policy without a reason. Itis a fair question
thati put to my colleague and to the chairman
of the committee, how many men are in the
field? My colleague says that can only be an-
swered at the great call of the muster-roll when
the dead respond. Sir, that is a long roll. That
roll is lespoilded to by many a sad and weary
heart in the North. /Jeforo wc send more men,
let us know what is the necessity for doing so.
Does my colleague wish it to be understood in
the Senate that when men arc killed in battle the
number is not known at the War Department?
Is our system so loose and inaccurate that the
War Department is not informed of the number
of killed and wounded men and the state of the
regiments after each battle ?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Does my colleague
wish an answer now?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator desires to
give one.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Tli ose statements are
made out on the pay-roll at the end of each two
months, as I understand. In the interval no one
can tell how many have been killed, how many
have been furloughed,&c. The reports are made,
as 1 understand, at the end of every two months,
or sometimes, when payment is delayed, not for
three or four or five or six months.
Mr. HENDIUCKS. I do not agree with my
colleague that the payment of the soldiers is the
only way in which we know of the number of
dead and wounded men. As 1 understand, in
every well-regulated army a return is daily made
by the captain of each company to the proper regi-
mental officer of the number of men fit for duty,
how many men have dropped out by the way-
side foot-worn and weary, how many are sick,
how many cue m hospital, how many are in
green graves. Those returns are then made to
the commander of the army, and so on till they
reach the Department here. At the end of every
battle a return of that kind goes with the reports
to the War Department. I think my colleague's
answer is not a sufficient one in response to the
fair question put by me to him and to the chair-
man of the committee, and the proper answer to
which is necessary to guide a vote on this matter.
When we ate callcd upon to draw the bullocks
up to the slaughter pen, in the language of the
President, lot us know the reason of u, if there
is to be no exemption from the horrible draft.
When a man volunteers, he goes voluntarily,
cheerfully; his neighbors flock around him; he
has their support and thicr encouragement; but
when he is drafted he has not that support, he
has no friends around him except the few thatare
related to him; itisavery different thing. When
we are called upon now to exercise so high a
power, we have a right to demand of the War
Department to know the number of men in the field
and the number of men required. Shall we never
know? Are we never to know, but simply to
legislate upon the call of the Department? It is
a reasonable question; but without reference to
that information, my mind is made up that vol-
unteering encouraged by the bounties which the
Government may well pay from the commutation
money, is the best system to secure an army
readily, and an efficient army, and in that view
the chairman of the Military Committee con-
curred last winter.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. Mr. President, in the
course of this discussion two or three questions
have arisen, one of which is—and to that I will
refer first—whether conscripts, or men who are
drafted into the Army, make good soldiers. Sir,
what is our experience in the course of this war?
I will not undertake to speak for other States;
but from my own State some men have been
drafted who have gone into the service and into
the field; and generally speaking the drafted men
have been fully as able-bodied men, and perhaps
more so, comparatively, than those who volun-
teered; and they have proved themselves to be as
good soldiers when they have fought by the side
of volunteers. There are some in one of the new
regiments of Wisconsin that have lately gone to
the front. I refer to the thirty-sixth Wisconsin
regiment, which, on the 17th of May, went un-
der fiie, and was under lire almost every day until
u joined in the charge under General Hancock
that took the intrench ments of the enemy. They
were new soldiers, too, Mr. President, and new
men, and some of them conscripts. And what
does the history of all wars show; wh&t do the
wars of Napoleon show but that his conscript
soldiers were the best soldiers he ever had?
Mr. President, that is enough on that subject
formy purpose. Anotherquestion arises whether
it is wise now to repeal what is callcd the com-
mutation clause. It is believed by the War De-
partment, upon the evidence before them coming
up from the provost marshals all over the coun-
try, that in the present state of the currency and
the present state of the country, in view of the
high price of labor and the great demand for la-
bor in all the walks df life, if men can be excused
from going into the service for $300, very few
soldiers will be obtained; and in fact the returns
of the provost marshals show that only seven
per cent, of the men callcd for are forthcoming
underthe operation of the present law. If, there-
fore, we are wise men, and arc satisfied that we
must have men to fill up the ranks of the Army,
let us repeal the commutation clause; and for
myself, 1 do not know but that I am prepared to
repeal what is called the substitution clause; but
that question is not now before the Senate, and
1 will not discuss it at the present time.
But another question arises, and that question
is perhaps the most importantone, whether in the
piet-ent statu of the country it is wise for us to
authorize the War Department to draft men into
the service for any period of time less than three
years or the war, whether we shall allow them to
be diafted for a single year. 1 shall give my
support to the proposition offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts, not because 1 do not fully
understand the benefit of having veteran regi-
ments; I know that very well; but we have the
veteran regiments, a thousand of them, I suppose,
with all their organization, with their officers,
colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors, and cap-
tains, and, what is of equal importance, with their
sergeants and their corporals, ail men who have
seen serviceand have gone through many a battle
during the present war. I remember very well a
conversation I had wall one of the ministers of
the great Powers of Europe here m Washington
directly after the Bull Run defeat of 1861, when
he said to me: " The fault is not in your men; I
will teil you where the fault is; it is in your offi-
ceis of the line, your captains, your lieutenants,
your sergeants, yourcorporals, that have not seen
service and do not know how to hold a line firm
and strong in the face of an enemy.11 But, sir,
when you have a veteran organization, when you
have officers that have seen service for two or
three ycais, and have gone through many a bloody
battle and have face^l danger and death in every
form, when you have sergeants and corporals and
some of ihe veteran men themselves standing in
