THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24;
They will mess with mej they will give me every
facility to ravage the State." !But he was mis-
taken, He found a Tartar.
This was not like the case of General Price.
When he came to Lexington he had four- thou-
sand troops, one half of whom were ragged, des-
titute, some barefoot, some without hats or jack-
et's,. This was the kind of force he.had. Yet
•when he came, the beau-ideal military commander
of these gentlemen, General Fremont, was com-
manding the department of Missouri. . He had
twenty to thirty thousand men. Price arrived at
Lexington cm-the 12th ofSeptember, and remained
there tiil-the 1st of October. He might have re-
mained for two weeks longer with impunity. He
started.off on the right road, the Port Scott road,
making his eseape from the country. It took
Fremont two weeks to find which way he had
gone, because he was fortifying at Jefferson City,
one hundred and thirty miles east of Lexington,
which fortifications are to be seen nowas a mon-
ument of his folly, if they have not been removed
within a few months. Even at St. Louis they
were digging ditches and raising up embank-
ments, and there those intrenchments stand to-
• day monuments of folly for fear that Price with
his army would come there; and it took them about
two weeks, as I know, to find out which way
Price had gone. Not so with the Missouri mili-
tia. They did not wait two or three weeks to
get transportation for thirty or forty miles. No,
sir. As McNeil says, and as Brown says, they
evinced all the alacrity which it is possible for
men to do, and underwent all the privations that
men could endure. Comparisons,! believe, are
sometimes odious. They arc not well to be made
sometimes, but I necessarily make them here in
order to justify the alacrity with which the Mis-
souri militia defended themselves and their coun-
try.
We have no use to-day for any soldiers of the
United States in the Statu of Missouri. Our own
militia are sufficient. 1 was glad when the United
States soldiers came there. We were unarmed
and unorganized when they came to our assist-
ance. I greeted them then as I would greet thorn
to-day. Some thought they ougfyt nut to have
come there; but my opinion was that they did not
come an hour too soon. But times have changed
since. We have now no need for them. We
had then no arms. The rebels had got the start
of us. While we were standing in amazement
and astonishment at the boldness of their acts,
they supplied themselves with arms. Somehow
or other they had arms. After a while an order
cume that we should all be disarmed. The con-
sequence was that we had nothing to fight with.
Then began the thieving, robbing, murdoi ing, as-
sassinations, arsons, and all kinds of oilonses
known to the catalogue of crime. The troubles
commenced,and we appealed to our Governor for
protection; and I was asked, "Why did not you
light yourselves? Why did you not defend your-
selves?" "How can we do it? We have no
arms; you have taken our arms away from us.
Give us arms; let us feel our manhood, and wu
will defend ourselves." Finally the militia wore
enrolled, and those who sympathized with the
rebels were told to step aside. Some complained
that the militia were put into the service while
the rebels were exempt. We did exempt them,
because we did not know but what we would have
to fight them. There were rebel sympathizers
all aioiuid us. Sine; we have got our arms we
ask no odds ofour enemy m Missouri—theenemy
ot our Government and our country.
What will our Missouri militia say when they
come to seethe conduct of these gentlemen ? What
will th'ey say? In the letter which they addressed
to the President they tell him that this matter of
the organization of the State militia is a subject
ofseriousconsiderntion,and thatdoubts have been
expiessed as to the authority of the State govern-
ment to organize this militia; that they have had
the opinion of the most distinguished jurists of
that State that there was noautlionty for the Gov-
ernor to have the militiaenrolled in ordei to ascer-
tain our strength. It would have been agreeable
to me to have had the names of those distinguished
jurists. I suppoNcI would have had to measure
them by the standard of my colleagues; and if I
had done that, I probably should not have been
astonished at their opinion.
But who was a better jurist than Governor Gam
ble, the head of the bar of that State, an able man
who has distinguished himself in tbisCapitol, in
the United States Supreme Court, a man distin-
guished everywhere as a jurist, a man who never
acted upon impulse? If I were to pin my faith
to any man's judicial opinion as to the power of
the Governor and our State to arm the militia, I
would do it on the opinion of Governor«Gamble.
But with my notions, I do not want anybody
to tell me we had a right to defend ourselves and
aid our Government in putting down this rebel-
lion. I know the Governor had no right to or-
der men into service in conflict with the General
Government. Claib. Jackson tried that, and he
misled many a poor man; men for whom my bet-
ter heart rises in pity, not in sympathy with them
as rebels at all, butbecausc under a traitor Legis-
lature and a traitor Governor they were organ-
ized into a State guard and were drawn into the
rebel ranks under false pretenses. Speeches were
made all over the country, and these men were
not told that they were expected to rebel against
the Government. To one young man they would
say, " Come and join my company." " I do not
care about that." " Well, if you will notdo that,
' you will be drafted. Join, and you shall have a
hand in choosing your own officers." In that
way the enthusiastic young men of the country
were drawn into these traitorous—as they turned
out to be—rebel companies. Before they knew
it, they were in a trap. Than they were told,
" You are into it now, and if you return you will
be hung or shot." Thus some of the best young
men in the country were driven into this rebellion.
I knew at the time that the move was intended
against the Government. Not so with Governor
Gamble.
When these gentlemen undertake to libel the
Missouri militia, I ask them to designate where
that militia failed to do its duty; and when they
do designate the times and places, I will engage to
answer them, as 1 have done in the cases of
Poindexter, Porter, and Shelby. There is no
doubt as to the loyalty of the Missouri militia.
But very great complaint is made about what is
•called provisional regiments. I will tell the House
how that organization came about. Many men
in the enrolled militia had,their business to attend
to, their farms, arid their crops. Their lands had
to be left uncultivated while they were in pur-
suit of Poindexter, Porter, and Shelby. There
were some eighty regiments. It was found that
some men could well be spared, having no busi-
ness to attend to, and no families to support,and
theiefore it was arranged that these provisional
regiments should be got up into which all the
young men who chose to remain in the service
might be transferred. There was nothing wrong
m that. And yet it has been eluuged that this
movement was treasonable toward the Govern-
ment. It was no such tiling.
I must recur again to the delegation which vis-
ited the President last August, and refer to their
traduction of the Missouri militia on that occasion.
This delegation in their communication to the
President say:
a We <ie-.jie, Mr. PieMdent, distinctly to invoke y«nu
attention tu flic oi'T.mi/.tHon In (Jmcinor (.J.uuMe ni llie
enrolled niilm.i of ,'.1i--ujui i. It is a m.liter jii which, in
oiu judgment, the Gov< nnnent of the United State- i- con-
cerned. We have alrcadv *fated that it tlie opinion ol
many of the ahle.-t jni i^to of out State, that the oi<r;ui iz.it ion
of that militia tmee !•- without any waiiant of law."
The delegation further said:
"In ie«ard lo tin* whole m.ittei of the enrolled militia,
we would nmhci i'>p"cttnlly sii'raest whether it h eo.i-
-Htent with llie Con^utiition'of fin: U'niUd states lor Midi
:i loree to bis oicanized and kept under auu«s by any State
authoiities ; and we hope it may please you, Mr. Piesident,
to cause that point to bo investigated. Hut whcthei so or
not, we l e<5 leave with all le-pect. to piote-H against the
luithei continuance of that .-.wem in Jlistonu.'*
To all of which the President complimented the
.Missouri miliiia and turned a deaf ear to their im-
perious demands.
But, again, let us recur to what General Brown
says of our militia. In a letter received a few
days since, connected with some needed legisla-
tion for our mihtta, he says:
u I liav had the honoi to have had under mv command
duiing the pa*t twenty month-* about an equal number of
each class of these troops, and F should do 51 e,u injustice to
the militia if 5 did not b.\n witness to rheir lovaltv. Inavt y,
and eil'ieh nev in the field. They have not been imtdonr* by
their companion* m amr; m !he other biamhee* ol the
mtlmuy.,J
Again, General Roseerans, un taking command
of the department of Missouri, thus speaks of
General Schofield:
"In relieving Genera] Schofield, who, in assuming the
arduous duties connected with the command, relinquished
high prospects of a brilliant career as commander of Thom-
as's old division in the then opening campaign of the army
of the Cumberland, I tender him my compliments for the
admirable order in which 1 have found the official business
and archives of this department, and my best wishes as
well as hopes that in his new field of duty he may reap
that success which his solid merits, good sense, and honest
devotion to duty and his country so well deserve."
I place the opinions of these distinguished gen-
erals about our militia and the commander of our
department in contrast with the great military ex-
perience of my colleagues.
Mr.SCOPIELD. Mr. Chairman, my colleague
[Mr.DAwsoN]whoaddressedthe House this morn-
ing informed us that it was just eight years since he
had spoken here before. 1 knew that, not because
1 have followed his personal history, but I knew
it by the tenor of his speech. He must have turned
down a leaf just eight years ago, and begun" to-
day where he left off then. The speech might
have been appropriately made during the earlier
years of the administration of General Pierce. I
wish to remind him that the question involved in
the struggle now furnishing so many sad pages for
history is aquestion of division: " Shall the great
Republic be divided into two small ones?" That
is the question now before the country. Those
who took the affirmative of this question, in the
first place, took up arms with whieh to defend it.
They knew they could notmaintain it in debate.
They knew they could never satisfy the Ameri-
can people thata Government always so tender of
the interests of its poorest citizen, and so strong
to defend him, could be as useful when divided
into two nationalities not more than half as strong,
territorially ill-shaped, and politically hostile.
They did not try, but haughtily said to the
country:
"Think of division as thou wilt,
We try the question, ln!t to hilt."
They gave but one reason for it. They said
that some people—I believe they said a great
many people—had spoken unkindly of their sys-
tem of labor. That was all. I defy any gentle-
man to point out any other reason given by them
for the position taken. But do not misunderstand
me. I do not mean to say that so large a number
of gentlemen, talented as we know, honest as we
formerly thought, were moved to espouse dis-
union from a trivial motive. Their motive was as
I have stated it to be. But, in my judgment, it
was very far from being.a trivial one. They
wished to preserve that system of labor, why?
Because; they had $2,000,000,OOOin it. They had
more than that, for I believe they were never dis-
tinguished as an avaricious people. Their aiis-
toeracy, family pride, political power, (a great
it >m,) their habits of life, and, what is as valuable
to them as anything else, their cherished vices,
ease, and idleness, all were in it. Of course they
wanted to preserve it. They knew, however,
that the institution was founded in wrong, and
could not bear to bo talked against. In a free
foi um it must gft under. Allow me to use a figure.
An iceberg breaking 'away from the pole and
floating down into warmer latitudes gradually
loses its frigidity, and dissolves m the warmer
elements around it. So slavery, originating in
the barbaric periods of the world, and floating
down to this benigner age, was beginning to melt
away in the warm breath of debate. To preserve
slavery, therefoie, debate must cease, or slavery
bo taken out of hearing—silence or secession
seemed their only alternative. When silence
could not be obtained they chose secession.
I know some other thiygs were said. I know
they said that the North would not turn out with
constitutional alacrity to catch and Return their
fugitive bondmen; but they, like eft her similar
complaints, weie rather incidents of the main trou-
ble than original causes of dissatisfaction. They
v/ei e thrown out only to catch the minnows found
in the great ocean of noithem politics. Thegroat
leaders eared nothing for this small percentage of
loss, smaller than m many other kinds of invest-
ment. They eared nothing for the few loaves
that were here and there detached and lost in the
oulmary breez<-; it was the little streams of
thought that were slowly washing the soil away
from the roof of the tree that alarmed them.
Theiefore, while we of the North talked about
