1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1855
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Wheieas the War Department lias issued the following
geneial order:
[General Orders, No. 173.]
W vn Department,
Adjutant General's Office,  dpnl £3, 1864.
I. Major General F. P. Blair, jr., is assigned to the com-
mand oi the eleventh Army corjw. * * *
E. D. TOWNSEND,
•Assistant Adjutant General.
Therefore,
Resohed by Ike House of Representative*) That the Pres-
ident he requested, if not inconsistent with the public in-
terest, to iniorm the House whether f. i\ IJlaiii, jr., is a
major geneial; and if so, when he wa-s appointed; and
whethu the said Blair resigned his commission as major
general before he took his seat in Congress; and what ac-
tion was taken on such resignation.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I have a resolu-
tion calling for information from the War De-
partment, to which 1 suppose there will be no
objection I hope both resolutions* may boallowed
to go together. I reserve my right to object to
the resolution of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia until tnino is read.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope one will not be made
dependent on the other.
The resolution of Mr. Wood was read for in-
formation, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Wai be requested to fur-
nish to this IIou-o. if not inconsistent with tin* public in-
teifst. a copy ol the repotI made by Major Cenetnl John
A. Lhx of his investigation into the ti.iudulent practices
of the onkuals and otheis at the New Yotk custom-house.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to both resolutions.
WASHINGTON AND OREGON.
On motion nf Mr. McBRIDE, the bill (S. No.
181) m reit-renee to donation chums in Oregon
and Washington was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second tune,and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, the hour hav-
ing anived for taking up the business under the
unanimous understanding of the House this morn-
ing, 1 now intioduce a joint icsolution in relation
to duties on imports.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The resolution is as follows:
Joint resolution to increase teinpotarily the duties on im-
poits.
Be it resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United State*of Amcucain Con^ras assembled. That
fiont and altet the pas^me ol tins le^olution, and until the
1st daj ot Jul}', A. D. lt>'34, in addition to the duties and
rates of duties heietolore mipvt-cti by law on the aituh.s
hereinafter mentioned, thoie shall he levted,collected, and
paid on tiie goods, waies, and merchandise herein entim-r-
nted and provided lot, imported tioin nnrign cotmtnes.the
following duties and rate.? of duty, that is to :
On all kinds oi tobacco, stemmed or muiiul.ietuied,and
snnlf, twenty cents pei pound, and twenty-five pet cent.
ad valoveyn ;
On cig'i'^ valued at not ovei fnn dollais per thousand,
twenty cent- pet pound, and twenty-five per cnt. ad talo-
rem in addition theteto ; when valued over ten dollar pel
thou^.i id, ^i\t\ cei't^ on pound, and fnty per cent, ud tulo-
rem in addition thereto;
On btami} , gin. eoidtals, liqueurs, hay mm, and ail other
spirituous hquoi-, of fiist pioot. scvent *-hvo cents p'>i gal-
lon : Proi ided, That no Jowci r:ite of duty shall oe paid tli.ui
that fixed hv lav/ lor the description ol in*t pioof, hut shall
he men a^ed in piopoition lor any gieater strength than lho
Btiength of hist pi oof; t
On bunungtli-id, hitycents per gallon ;
On crude pctioleum, nve cents per gallon ;
On pctiob-um and coal oil, refined, twenty ecnts per gal-
lon ;
On wines of all de^cuptions, when va'ued at less than
fifty cents per«galion, ten cents per gallon; when valued at
fifty cents and not ovci one dollar pet gallon, twenty-five
cents per 2ulb>n; when valued at over one dollar per gal-
lon, fiity cents pei calion;
On ale, poi tei, and beer m bottles or otherwise, five cents
per gallon;
On pig non, two dollars per ton;
On blooms, <dal/>, or loops, fom dollais per ton ;
On oar non, ioiled oi hninmued. eoinptitsn« flaw not less
than one inch or moie than «even jnobe-; wide nor less
than onequarter of an inch or moie than two inches thick;
rounds riot less than one halt an nice nor inoietna.i tour
inciics in dianu tcr; find - queues not le&s loan one half an
inch not moie than four inches ^quaie, 6-1 50 per ton;
On luir iron, i"iled or hammered, compliant; flat< k-ss
than one qua: tor of an inch thick or moie limn : even men to
■vvule ; rounds loss than oichnif an inch or nt^:e than lour
inches in diameter; and squares less than one h.di an inch
or more than ioui inches square, live uojjars pet ton;
Oil all s'cn nnpo.tcd in bar' lo; leilioa-'- etui inclined
plants made to p.ittei n- and filled to be I ud dow n on -~uch
loads oi planer without fuuiiet m.iMimctiiie,1 .">) per ton;
On boiler and ottier plate non, tu pei t ;n ;
On band and hoop non and -ht ro.b, and all othe, d<'1-
senptions ot toiled oi iiammned iron not otherwise pio-
vided for, five doihus per ton.
On steel in ingots, bars, -heft*, or wir--? not i< s* than one
fourth of an inch i,s niame^i. valued nt 4"vn eeots p.*r
pound or less, one fourth of on*? cent per pound ; valued at
above seven ccnK pei pound and not above eleven cents
per pound, one half cent per pound ; valued above eleven
cents pet pound and on steel wneand steel in any form not
otherwise provided for. ten per cent, ud valorem;
On iron, steel, copper, lead, brass, zinc, spelter, tonte-
negue, and the manufactures of iron, steel, copper, lead,
brass, zinc, speltei, oi tcntenegue, or of which any such
metal shall be a component pan, not otherwise provided
for, ten per cent, and" the same shall be computed at spe-
cific rates wheicver such rales are novv.so imposed bylaw,
and wherever otherwise, at ad valorem rates; and a ton
shall tor the purposes of this resolution be deemed and taken
to be two thousand pounds;
On all articles not hcicm otherwise provided for, men-
tioned in sections five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven,
twelve, and thirteen of an act entitled "An act increasing
tempoianly the duties? on impot is, and for other purposes,"
approved July 14,18G2, ten per cent., and the same shall be
computed at Specific rates wherever now so imposed by
law, and wherever otherwise at ad valorem latcs;
On wool of all de*ctiptions valued at forty cents or less
pei pound, five cents pei pound; and when valued at over
torty eentri per pound, eight cunts pei pound ;
On teas ot alt kinds imported dnect horn places of their
growth, five cent-' per pound ; on teas of all kinds not im-
poited duvet 'ioni pla .,o> of then giowth, ten cents per
pound; on all ofhei goods, wires, and merchandise, not
herein otherwise ptovided loi, upon which duties arc now
imposed by law, except sugaisand coffee, five per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. KASSON. 1 offer the following amend-
ment by way of proviso:
' Proi tr/c<J,*HJhat priming paper, unsized. uKed foi books
and newspaper* exclusively, *hali be exempt from the op-
eration oi tins resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 offer the following substi-
tute for the whole resolution:
Resolved, hy the Senate and House oj Representatives in
Confess uisemblcd, That until the end of sixty days irom
the passage ol tin- icsoiution, filly p ir cent, of the rates
of duties on impoits now imposed bj law on all goods,
waies, nmichandisc, and aitieie^ impeued shall be added
to the piefeut dutn*-, ami imports now chaiged on ail im-
portation of saul ail teles.
The SPEAKER. The question on the substi-
tute will be reset ved until the resolution has been
perfected.
Mr. lvASSON. I wish my amendment at-
tached to whatever proposition shall be adopted
by the House. I now offer it as an amendment
to the ou^inal resolution, and I will detain the
House but u single moment. This description of
paper is conicd verbatim from the description in
the original law, and my object in offering1 it hers
is that we shall not impose any additional bur-
dens upon what is so essential to the diffusion of
intellectual li^htand knowledge.
Mr. MORRILL. Am i at liberty to accept
the amendment:
The SPEAKER. Not now, as the joint res-
olution has been read a first and second time.
Mr. MORIULL. Then 1 hope that it will be
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
But nothing in this resolution shali be construed to In-
clude goods, waies, oi nieichandise now in bonded ware-
► houses oi in ti an situ Horn pl.uie ol impoiunon.
Mr. Speaker, although it is not entirely novel
in the history of this country to introduce a tariff
bill by this mode, and in advance of any print-
ing, or investigation, oi any deliberation to in-
vite us to pass it, yet I will admit that the exi-
gency of the case requires this legislation. There-
fore my amendment is not for the purpose of
retarding action, which gontiemen who propose
this resolution require on this occasion; but I do
contend that thus to take snap judgment and
lay the strong hand of the law upon merchan-
dise in transitu or already in the bonded ware-
houses ot the importing districts of the country
is the application of a principle which this House
has voted down in refoience to domestic liquors.
] believe it is just and right that the Govern men I
may collect its duties from the veiy class of ar-
ticles introduced m the resolution, but 1 do not
believe it is right and just that the merchants who
have sent forward orders predicated upon exist-
ing laws at the time those ordeis were given,
that they shall find before and indeed after the
arrival of their goods, and after they have been
placed m the bonded warehouses, that they have
been made subject to these addiiional duties. I
thiuk it is unfair, unjust, and improper that they
should suddenly huso this exuaordmary duty
levied upon them. Tile whole object of my
amendment, therefoie, is to exempt trem the op-
eration of this resolution and from the proposed
duty articles winch are in transitu, or already in
the country in bonded warehouses. I have ofis
fered it for the protection of a class of men who
are entirely dependent upon the good faith of the
Government.
This continual changing in the policy of the
Government in reference to the mercantile and im-
porting interests of the country is destructive to
it. We have been told that the importations into
the city of New York were over $15,000,000, and
the exports only $3,500,000. This certainly, sir*
is a lamentable condition of things. It is a lam-
entable thing for any country to be running into
debt far beyond its ability to pay;
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me to call his attention to two facts?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Certainly, if my
time is to be extended.
Mr. KASSON. It is my belief, first, that the
merchants of New York have made a good deal
in anticipation of an increase of the tariff; and
secondly, I would suggest that this is a mere tem-
porary measure, until a general bill can be passed.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I understand that.
But it was impossible that the merchants of New
York could have anticipated this measure. All I
ask is that those who have made importations
under the existing law shall be treated fairly and
equitably.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not know but that
i the gentleman from New York may be nearly"
! right in the position which he has assumed; but
! itpdoes seem to me that he has changed his views
i somewhat since the subject of whisky was be-
! fore the House. The position then taken by my
l friend from New York was that everybody
• should be prepared for taxation; not only those
I who manufacture whisky, butall others. Now,
1 although I have great respect and consideration
; for my friend from New York, 1 am at a Joss to
! conceive how he can reconcile the position ho
j took upon the whisky question with his present
position. 1 know the gentleman was very willing
| to tax the stock on hand with reference to liquors,
j Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The gentleman
! wili permit me to say one word. I think my friend
! does not observe the distinction between the two
i cases. A merchant sends an order to Europe for
! a cargo of goods. .He does it under the existing
j law, and the faith of the Government is pledged
I that that cargo shall be received under the same
| tariff which existed at the time the order was
j made. But that rule does not apply to whisky
j Mr. ELDRIDGE, When we plant corn m the
West we do it on the faith of the Government.
: Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. But not to make
I whisky.
j Mr. ELDRIDGE. We are sometimes mis-
| taken, 1 admit, especially under the present Ad-
ministration. They did make some pledges in
the beginning whicl? they have not fulfilled, and
it is sometimes intimated that my friend from
New York [Mr. Fernando Wood] was acting
conjointly with them. I never believed it, but it
seems to me that that proposition of his was in
. violation of the good faith of the Government, and
J was somewhat in accordance with the views and
1 opinions and practices of the present Adminis-
! tration.
' Mr..T.C.ALLEN. Imovetoamendtheamend-
ment of the gentleman from New York by staking
out all after the word " provided," and inserting-
u that this joint resolution shall fake effect and
be in force from and after the 10th day of June
next." Mr. Speaker, it has been the custom of
i our Government from the adoption of the first
| tariff we ever had until the present time to pro-
; tect such merchants as had put aliased their ear-
! goes and had delivered them at the bonded ware-
j houses, or were having them in transitu when the
j rate of duty was changed. I cannot support this
i joint resolution, however anxious 1 am to in-
! crease the revenue from this source, because 1t
! violates, in my judgment, what is a sound pun-
| ciple of legislation. If we adopt the principle of
i changing the taiilf every year, or every six
j months, or every three months, imposing a dif-
, feront rate of duty, paiticularly if it be a higher
rate of duty, we unsettle the trade of the country,
1 and put it out of the powerof importers to caleu-
; late with a reasonable degree of certainty what
: burdens the Government will impose upon them.
, By carrying out the rule which this Government
. has enforced from its organization down we do
impliedly say to those engaged in the importation
