1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBm
walling slavery in, lest freedom should be contam-
inated, they were considering how to wall free-
dom out, that slavery might remain pure. They
decided upon disunion. They stated their pur-
_ pose clearly, and took a name that indicated it
• honestly. They called themselves disunionists.
They even pointed out the line where the sur-
veyor should blaze the trees and separate the free
, from the slave republic. They kindly gave to
| the twenty or thirty millions of unmixed white
f population the sterile hills of New England, the
bleak shores of the lakes, and the head-streams
and flatbout navigation of the Mississippi. The
body of the Mississippi, with its stream of com-
mercial wealth, unfailing as its own waters, the
long Atlantic and Gulf coast, the vast country
lying below Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Iowa, and
stretching westward without limit, embracing the
soft climate and warm soil of the South—all this,
said they, we will take for the master and his
slave.
Thus the issue was made up on the one side.
There was no alternative left for the other. Those
opposed to division were compelled—you will re-
member how unwillingly—to take up arms and
submit the cause of the Union to the chances of bat-
tle. They organized under the appropriate name
oftheUnion party. The old flag was hoisted, the
long roll beaten, and the opponents of division
everywhere called upon to "fall in." Straight-
way, then, began some to make excuses. Says
one, " I am opposed to division; but coercion is
unconstitutional: I pray you have me excused."
James Buchanan said that in his lastannual mes-
sage. Says another, " 1 am opposed to division,
and I think coercion is constitutional; but 1 be-
lieve it is impracticable. I think theUnited States
is not strong enough to put down a rebellion so
extensive, and led by men of so much ability,
pride, and courage. [ cannot, therefore join you
to try. I pray you have me excused." Says a
third, "I am opposed to division, and I believe
that coercion is both constitutional and practi-
cable; but there is an easier and better way. You
can compromise. They only ask you to cease
talking against slavery, and if you will notagree
to do that I too shall ask to be excused." And
; so these three classes, each for a differentreason,
; moved off by themselves, and formed the nucleus
of what subsequently became a great party of
neutrality, observation, and criticism. It was said
the other day by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Smith] that there were but two parties in
this country, patriots and traitors. I beg leave
to differ from my friend. I think there are three,
patriots, traitors, and neutrals. But I will not
quarrel with him if he should say, as I think a
high-spnited fientuckian would, that he had more
admiration for the mad courage of treason than
* for the mean cowardice of neutrality.
Let me pause here to answer the question some-
times yetasked, " Why did you notcompromise?
If they only wanted you to agree to cease talking
about their system of labor, why did you not
agree?" Itwas not lack of dough—we had, I am
ashamed to acknowledge, dough enough to make
a whole oven-full of compromises. It was not
because the Unionists were not pliant, but because
the disunion leaders were not fools. They knew
that a contract for silence could never be enforced
unless your republican Government was con-
verted into an absolute monarchy. What is a
republic, except the right to think and to express
your thoughts by your voice and your vote? The
Frenchman trades, travels, and seeks his pleasure
as freely as an American. The Emperor takes
no note of these. It is the fiee thought or the in-
surgent conscience that wears the imperial chain
in France. These leaders knew that talk would
go on in spite of contract, and theiefore they did
not ask and would not accept your worthless
}>arclmient. They had tried it. They had the
Athei-ton gag and the Democratic and Whig reso-
lutions of 1852 forbidding discussion, and the
whole power of the Pierce and Buchanan Adnun-
istiations to enforce their views. Former Ad-
ministrations, although much devoted to the in-
terests of slavery, found time to attend to some
other matters. Polk, I think it was, explored
the " Dead Sea" of the Old World, and Fillmore
sounded the depths of a deadci sea at home for
himselt'und his party; but Picreo and Buchanan
devoted themselves entii ely to this single purpose.
They put on the mastei's collar and wore il as a
thing of honor, and never seemed prouder than
when they saw their southern friends spelling out
the inscription, " This is Gerth, the bondman of
Cedric the Saxon." These influences were ably
wielded By an experienced corps of slave Repre-
sentatives in these Halls and atound thisCapitoi.
They were men that combined the opposita qual-
ities of gentleness and severity^ so fitting to-a
leader. ,They knew how to win the bold and
overawe the timid. They were gentlemen among
bullies and bullies among gentlemen. But with
all these powers combined they could not close
the mouth—will it please you any better if I say
fanatical mouth?—of Wendell Phillips alone. And
so they spurned your too pliant offer.
Three years have passed—years fraught, as it
seems to us at a distance, with great ruin to the
South, with loss and heavy-sorrow, as we know,
to the North. How stand the three parties now?
The disunion emblem is still upborne, less firmly
than at first; and the area on which its hateful*
shadow falls is two thirds less than in the begin-
ning. Still it flies its signal word—" division."
All the proclamations and messages of Davis, his
governors and generals, all the laws and resolu-
tions of his congress and State legislatures talk of
nothing, ask for nothing but division.. Will the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,] who
talks to us so much about peace, take notice that
in all those officialdocu«ients,iftheycan be called
official, division is the only aim and end proposed?
How stands the Union party ? Well, sir, our
flag, I believe, is still floating, held more firmly
than in the beginning, sustained by the courage—
no, sir, that is not the word 1 mean exactly; by
the patriotism of the American people—and that
is not the word I want to express my particular
shade of meaning; it is upheld, I believe, by a
strongersentiment than courage or patriotism—by
the sense of duty'and stern conscience of the
Ameiican people. And if you wantto find which
is strongest, pride and courage on the one hand,
or conscience and sense of duty on the other, read
the history of the Cromwellian war, and you will
learn that the proud Cavalier has to yield in the
end to the conscientious Roundhead. And so it
will be now. The motto of the Union party is
the same as itwas in the hpginning. We unite
the language of Jackson, " The Union it must and
shall be preserved," and the language of Webster,
"Liberty and Union, now and forever, one and
inseparable."
But where stands the neutral party; the party
of "ifs," "ands," and excuses? Have you
been here for three months now, occasionally pre-
siding over this House, and do not know that
there they stand—[pointing to the Democraticside
of the Hall]—as they stood three years ago, occu-
pying the same position of bloodless neutrality?
They have not changed their gro.und, though they
give a different reason for holding it. They do
not now say that coercion is unconstitutional.
They do not now generally say that it is impos-
sible, nor that anything you can give to tlfe rebels
by way of compromise will make their condition
any better than it was before they rebelled. They
generally concede that the rebellion must besup-
piessed by force of arms or the Union be divided.
But they say the President is always so unfortu-
nate as to select unconstitutional means to effect
what they now see, though they did not at first,
is a constitutional purpose. And so they remain
spectators; spectators in a war which involves the
hie of this nation and the fortunes of lorty mil-
lions of people whose interests are associated with
it. Moie than that; it involves the foi tunes of the
oppressed and middle classes all over the world;
for ours is the world's representative Republic.
But to do them justice, I must say they are not
indifferent spectators. There they stand, glass in
hand, or "nose all spectacle bestiid," looking
anxiously for some fortunate mistake m council
or<soine cheering disaster in the field, which wi 11
fulfill their evil predictions and justify^their posi-
tion of neutrality before the world. Their music
is a line of Yankee Doodle and a half line of Dixie,
filled out with the " rub-a-uub-dub"of complaint
and evil prophecy.
But, although neutral, they are not idle. They
have a great deal to do. They have to see that
this war is conducted with Christian tenderness
on our part, though met with savage atrocity on
the otliei. They have to see that treason-tainted,
slave-earned wealth escapes confiscation, though
it impose a heavier burden on the luinester earn-
ings of loyal men. They have to see that your,
credit is decried, and the taxes necessary; to sup-
port it denounced, and then to complain ■,to the
country that "legal tenders"- are not equal to §
gold. They have to see that a favorite, general
has an unlimited and untrammeled command, at>d
that he is not held responsible for opportunities
neglected or battles lost. They have to see that
all possible, at least all constitutional objections
are thrown in the way of the exercise of the elect-
ive franchise by the Union soldiers in the field,
and that the freest elections are secured to the
unpardoned secessionist in the rebel and border
States. They have to-see that practical amalga-
mation goes on undisturbed by any unconstitu-
tional interference with the slave system of the
South, while they falsely charge theoretical amal-
gamation on the virtuous people of the North,
They have, too, to see that that portion of. their,
followers who overestimate the abilities of the
negro or underestimate their own, or perhaps have
a proper appreciation of both, are held,to party
vassalage by constant dread of negro emulation.
They have to see that their weaker brethren are
educated into the belief that the negro is only fit
for a slave and can never be anything else; and
then to distress them with apprehensions that
tftey may yet be compelled to compete with hira
in the industrial and professional pursuits of life,
where brains, not color, will ascribe to each his
just measure of success.
These are only specimens of the multitudinous
labors of this neutral organization. If I were to
go on with a full catalogue I would exhaust your
patience and my strength. I want,however, to
call the attention of the committee to one thing
more.
The main allegation, the one always relied
upon to justify their neutrality before the world,
is that the war is conducted with a view of over-
throwing slavery as well as the rebellion. If this
allegation were true, what a position for astates-
man to take; what a position for any man to take
who expects to leave a name that will be remem-
bered when he is gone, and a posterity condemned
to bear it! It might do for James Buchanan—for
God in His infinite mercy has provided that no
child shall wear through life a name of such deep
dishonor—but for nobody else. But, sir, it is
not true in the sense in which it is alleged. It is
not true that the war is cariied on forthe purpose
of abolishing slavery. Those who believe it mis-
take an incident for the purpose of the war—the
means employed for the end desired. You might
as well say when we battered down Pulaski and
Sumter that that was the object of the war.
The President's great proclamation is urged in
evidence of this allegation. The President saw
that Great Britain was furnishing arms to the
rebels. He invited that nation to desist, and ac-
companied his invitation with some promises and
some threats. Great Britain desisted. ThePresi-
dent saw that the slave was furnishing the rebels
with food, clothing, labor, and fortifications; and
he invited the slave to desist, accompanying that
invitation with no threats, but with a single prom-
ise, the promise offreedom. That is all there is in
the proclamation.
Mr. WADSWORTH. The gentleman states
that the obj.ect of the proclamation of emancipa-
tion was to disturb the labor which supplied the
rebels with food, &e. I know that the President
I has given that as the object of the procjamation;
! but 1 ask the gentleman if that can be 6o, in view
j of the fact which he recollects, that the proclama-
: tiou itself advises the slaves to remain quiet and
! continue to labor for w.agei?
!j Mr. SC0F1ELD. 1 do not now recollect the
j, language of the proclamation, but I do notunder-
j i stand that he advised them to work for the rebels.
!' The advice given was designed to avoid appre-
jj hended insurrections. The purpose of thePresi-
jl dent was to diminish the support furnished to the
j rebel cause by the slave. This purpose might
i have been strengthened in the honest heart of the
Picsident by some kinder sentiment than a cold
i military policy, and if so I will leave it to others
I to see thathe is properly denounced. Itisenough
i for me to know that it was a master-stroke of
'! military strategy which no general has to my
j' knowledge as yet publicly condemned. As far
!: as possible, the slave has since brought us not
i| only his labor, but tin aimy of one or two huu-
