1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
operation the machinery for woolen manufacture
already running in this country. Why, sir, it is
absolutely necessary, in order to support this vast
machinery, this great branch of industry, that all
the various grades of woolen manufacture should
be. carried on in this country as far as practicable.
My distinguished friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Moorhead] reasons with apparent force and-co-
gency, that if the importation of foreign wool be
checked by the imposition of a heavy import duty
there must be a corresponding rise in the price of
American raised wool. The gentleman says he
did notsay that,and perhaps he did not precisely;
but 1 think that was the line of his argument.
Now, so far from that being the case, if the
woolen manufacturersofthis country were to-day
limited to the consumption of American woo), a
very large portion of their machinery would be
•compelled to stop, and for two reasons: in the
first place they would have but eighty million
Eounds of wool to work, whereas they require one
undred and thirty-five million; and in the second
place they would be unable to manufacture a great
variety of woolen goods which they now manu-
facture on account of the facility afforded by mix-
ing the foreign and American wools.
1 want to turn now for a single moment to the <
economical aspect of the question. It is very true
that some revenue might undoubtedly hp derived
by putting a tax of several cents per pound on the
quantity of foreign wool imported; but it is per-
fectly apparent that if the imposition of that tax
will have a tendency to reduce the quantity im-
ported, the amount of revenue will depreciate
from year to year in the same proportion, and
therefore there would be a gradual loss of rev-
enue on that account. But, sir, wc have a vast
ArmyandagrcatNavy to be clothed with woolen
goods, and if the effect of imposing this duty of
six or eight cents a pound on foreign wool is to
advance the cost of American wool in like propor-
tion and to cripple in consequence the American
manufacture of woolen goous, I want to submit
the question to any intelligent member of the
House whether if is nof probable that the cost to
the Government of oh tilling the Army and Navy,
to say nothing at all of the cost to the whole
masses of the people, is likely to be much greater
than the amountof revenue to be derived from the
imposition of this duty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask leave to
say a single word more.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my amendment.
* Mr. COX. I renew the amendment, for the
purpose of allowing the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to conclude his remarks.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
not only is it probable that the loss to the Gov-
ernment would be greater than the gam, but m a
time like the present it behooves us, members of the
chief legislative assembly of the country, to guard
with fairness and discrimination all the branches
of our industry. I declare here that I believe it
would be the worst possible policy that could be
inflicted on the agricultural interests of the coun-
try to impose so Targe an additional duty on for-
eign wool as is now proposed. I believe it could
be demonstrated, if there were time to do so, that
the price of American wool has kept pace, step
by step, with the increase of machinery for the
manufacture of woolen goods in t-his country. I
Under the tariff of 1846, which imposed a heavy '
duty upon the raw material, it isafaet that nearly
all the woolen factoriesof the country were broken
down. 1 believe I speak within the bounds of
truth when I say that, previous to 1857, the en-
tire cost of the woolen machinery of the country
had been sunk in ineffectual efforts to build up
this great branch of industry. Under the present '
tariff results the most beneficial have accrued to
the whole wool interest of the country. If 1 re-
member rightly, there were, previous to the adop-
tion of this last tariff, about twenty-five hundred
sets of woolen machinery running in the United
States. Since this tariff was adopted there have
been added about a thousand sets of machinery,
«tacost of $14,000,000; so that we now have
Running in this country nearly thirty-five hun-
dred se.ts of wooien machinery, consuming every
pound of woo) thatis raised in the United States;
and fifty million pounds additional is imported
' in'order to keep this machinery going.
: 1 In addition to all wool that we import annu
ally, a vast amountof woolen goods are also im-
ported, for manufacturing which we have no fa-
cilities in this country. Instead of looking to
measures that would cripple this growing interest
which is beneficial alike to the manufacturing an-d
farming interests of the country, we ought rather
to stimulate it to such an extent and increase its
facilities till we shall manufacture upon American
soil every description of woolen goods, i believe
no broadcloths are manufactured in the United
States at present and cannot be unless suitable
amount and variety of raw materials are thrown
into the hands of manufacturers by Congress. It
is contrary to all well-settled principles to impose
an onerous duty on the raw material. It is con-
trary to the policy of every manufacturing nation
on the face of ibe earth. England and France
have tried the experiment over and over again,
and always with the same disastrous result.
[Here ibe hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. When I mode the motion to in-
crease the tax upon wool, i did not think it would
give rise to so much debate. And, sir, I'do not
think that now, on a bill of this kind not matured,
we can-do justice to any interest or locality. If
the taiiff is to be increased at all itwould be better
to adopt a proposition something like the substi-
tute of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and
make a general increase of duty on all imported
goods at such a rate as the House may determine.
But, sir, I wish to say one word in reference to
what has fallen from gentlemen upon the other
side of the House on tins whole business.
I am tired of hearing m tins House from our
New England friends, that we are all the time
about to cnpple their manufactures. One gentle-
man representing that inteiest now says that we
are endeavoiing to ciipplo their manufactures by
increasing the price on wool. Why, sir, these
New England manufacturers are getting richer
everyday; richer and richer and richer. They
are becoming the nabobs of this country. They
are, in fact, becoming the owneis of this country.
They hold a mortgage upon a large poitioii of the
values of this count! y, or will, when they have
absorbed the public debt and hold ali the bonds
of the Government. They are getting all the pro-
tection of the Government. These very woolen
manufacturers to-day are receiving protection of
almost one hundred and fifty percent, on the de-
preciated paper basis. This i can and will show
by the figuies when the regular tariff bill comes
up for our action.
And yet, sir, when the farmers of the country
ask i'oi a little protection, the same cry is raised,
" Do notcripplethe mannfactmers." How cripple
them? Hecause, says the gentleman upon the
other side, the more foreign wool you bring in the
higher price you will get for your home-raised
wool!
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Does the gen-
tleman refer to me ?
Mr. COX. No, sir. 1 refer to the gentleman's
colleague', [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. Has the gentleman from Ohio
any data from which he can rise and deny that
statement?
Mr. COX. i understood the gentleman to say
that the importations of foreign wool were a
.perfect barometer of the market for American
wool.
Mr. DAWES. I tell the gentleman that t have
the price current of wool for the past thiity years,
and the statement of any month for each year
will confirm the remark \ made. 1 submit to the
gentleman that he not only has no authority for
denying the statement, but that the wool statis-
tics of the country will furnish no such authority.
Mr. COX. I will meet the gentleman upon
that subject at the proper time, when the discus-
sion comes up on the regular tariff bill.
Mr. DAWES. I know of no more proper
tune than now.
Mr. COX. There is no time for that in this
five minates' debate. But, sir, I cannot under-
stand how the increase of a commodity raises its
price in the marl'ct. I h tve never been a pro-
tectionist. 1- was ;Jways in 'a\'<>r of the largest
interchange between this Mnd foicign countries in
respect to ev*ry urcicitj.
Mr. DAWES. I come i-ow understand the
drift of the gentleman's argument} when he says
that he was always against protection.
Mr. COX. The gentleman must hear me out
before he makes his answer. Since ihe gentleman
and his friends have got the protection so enor-
mously high upon their pecyliar interests, so
high as almost to be prohibitory, I claim for the
farmers of the West, in absolute self-defense,
some little regard on the part of the national Legis-
lature to their products and industries. The prod-
ucts of western industry have now but very little
or no protection. We do not beg for bounties.
We do not get any for the grain we raise, for our
wheat and corn, for our live stock, our butter, or
for our whisky, if you please. Ail these articles
belong to the unprotected classes of industry.
And the people, thus unprotected and by whom
the bounties for otherclasses of industry are paid,
comprise the great mass of our population. I
know why the gentleman opposes this amend-
ment. The great body of the people in the gen-
tleman's district are living upon the bounty of
the West. They are what Tom Paine in his
"Common Sense" calls 4< the splendid paupers
of the country," living on the sweat and toii of
other people. And yet when we ask for a little
care on the part of the Fedeial Government, they
piteously tell us, "Oh, you crippleour industry !"
When we want them to give the farmers of the
West a little protection in raising the very wool
they use, they cry out, " We cannot stand it, you
are crippling our manufactures!"
Now, there is as much of a necessity for pro-
tecting the wool interest of the country as for any
other interest. The sheep abroad, in Australia
for instance, are pastured the year round. They
do not require hay; fencing and shedding are not
required, nor any of the ordinary expenses con-
nected with sheep raising in this country. There
•is, therefore, I say, some necessity for giving this
class of industry protection.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I think that this debate has
run long enough, and I propose to call for the
previous question. I will yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Air. Stevens] a portion of,
the time to which I* am entitled to close the debate,
for the purpose of explaining his substitute, if he
desires to do so.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman fiorn
Vermont will not cali for the previous question on
the resolution until there have been some amend-
ments proposed in reference to other articles of
manufacture, such as wne, porler, beer, &c.
Mr. MORRILL. We have consumed more
than an hour in debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
not deny us an opportunity to amend the resolu-
tion in that particular.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The understand-
ing was that we should have a fair and liberal op-
poitunity to discuss this important measure.
Mr. MORRILL. I think that we have already
had it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Only one or two subjects
have been discussed, and yet the gentleman now
proposes to call for the previous question. I un-
derstood that we were to consider this joint res-
olution as in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that it was to be open to
amendment item by item.
Mr. MORRILL. What amendment does the
gentleman propose?
Mr. HOLMAN. I want to move to strike out
that portion of the resolution relating to wines,
porter, beer, &c., and to offer a substitute for it.
I trust the gentleman will give me an opportunity
to submit that amendment. It is a right due to
the northwestern section of the country from
which I come.
Mr. MORRILL. The understanding this
morning was that the debate should run for an
hour and that then the previous question should
be called.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The gentleman
will remember that it was by the unanimous con-
sent of the House this joint resolution was taken
up for action. Every gentleman on tins side of
the House consented that it should be taken up
in the House instead of being sent to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
on the understanding that it should be open to
full di&cust'iari and amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. .For a reasonable length of
time.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Who in to be the
judge of what is reasonable?
