612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
February 24f
, 'Mr. WASHBURNE.of Illinois. I find in the
estimates which have been sent in by tne Secre-
tary of the Navy m regard' to appropriations
which the Department desired for this navy-yard
there is no estimate whatever for the purchase of
lots.
Now, sir, I do not know the fact, but-I will say
I believe it is of no use for any man here to un-
dertake to strike down any appropriation. I saw
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means-himself endeavoring to resist a motion of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, which added
in one fell swoop three or four millions to this
biil^and wbieh was adopted in spite of the remon-
strance of my distinguished friend. And I have
no doubt the committee will agree with me, as
well in this as in any other proposition, to save
money to the public Treasury.
Now this proposition came here without a rec-
ommendation from the Secretary of the Navy, but
upon a statement made to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means by some man in
the Department that they wanted these lots'; and
thereupon the committee put in an appropriation
of gl35,000 for that purpose. They say the price
shall not exceed §135,000; but we all know that
means just that sum. And without knowin^any-
thinga'bbut the value of these lots, and without
knowing that the whole thing may not be an at-
tempt of lot speculators to sell these lots, we are
asked to vote for this appropriation.
I wish tomakeanothersuggestion to thecommit-
tee, which I think is important. The chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means and every
gentleman familiar with the rules understand dis-
tinctly that no appropriation of this kind is in order
as an amendment to an appropriation bill. Rule 120
distinctly pi ovides that, no appropriation shall be
reported in such general appropriation bill, or be in
order as an amendment thereto, for any expendi-
ture not previously authorized by law. Now Iun-
dertalce to say that this is just what the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means protested
against in reference to the amendment offered by
the gentleman from New York. But as this lias
been put into the bill by the Committee of Ways
and Means, and as the bill itself has been referred
to this Committee*of the Whole, we cannot raise
the question of order upon it. But had the bill
been read at the Cleik's desk—and I hope in future
every bill which comes in will be road there—we
might have raised the question of order, and the
Speaker, ilnder the rule I have cited, would have
been obliged to rule this appropriation out. This
is a provision of law in an appropriation bill. It
is a new law by which Congress directs that this
land shall be purchased for §135,000, and that,
too, without the Secretary of the Navy coming
in here, through his report, and making estimates
for that amount.
1 object, therefore, to this item, in the fiist place
because we have no sufReient information in re-
gard to these lots to enable us to vote understaiul-
lngly, and in the second place because it is a pro-
vision which, under our rules, has no business
to be in the bill. It may be possible that it would
be a convenience to the Navy Department to have
these lots, yet I take the ground in ir>gard to this
expenditure, and every other expenditure, that I
will not vote for any nppiopiiation of this char-
acter unless I lira convinced that the exigencies
of the public service imperatively demand the
appropriation.
Mr. PIKE. I desire to say one word in regard j
to this matter. The Charlestown navy-yard is very
much restricted for want of dock room. The
proposition hero is to buy a piece of land running
to a point in the rear, and embracing a water
front of about two hundred and seventy-live feet.
There was last year or the yearhefore, as the gen-
tleman from Indiana has suggested, an appropri-
ation of $122,000, and with that money a strip of
land was bought for a similar purpose. The large
number of vessels which are being repaired at that
yard, besides those being built there, necessitates
more dock room. And one of two things wo are
compelled to do: we must give them a wet dock
or more water front. It is cheaper, of course, to
give them more water front-
As hns been suggested by the gentleman from
Illiri ois, no lecommendaf ion was made in this case
in the annual report._ Very likely the reason was
that, although negotiations had been going on for
some time between Admiral Smith and the own-
ers of the. land, the owners-were not willing to
sell. But I understand that since the annual re-
port was made the owners of the land have of-
fered it for the sum covered in the appropriation.
As to the matter of economy I wiit say to the
gentleman from Illinois that it is much more eco-
nomical for Congress to appropriate $135,000 for
Charlestown,- and $300,000, as is suggested" by
Admiral Smith in his report, for the Philadelphia
yaVd, than to have to build another navy-yard at
a cost of several millions. We all know that our
Navy has run up from seventy-five vessels to five
hundred and fifty-six vessels; and that a very
large sum is now demanded for another class of
vessels, an increase which, at the proper time, I
shall oppose. An increase of vessels is demanded
not only of another class, but also of a similar
character to those already built; and it is neces-
sary to have more 100m at the navy-yards. I
shall therefore vote for this appropriation, as I
shall for a similar appropriation for thePhiladel-
phia navy-yard; and I shall do so on the ground
of economy, so as to save the necessity of increas-
ing the number of navy-yards.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to amend theamend-
mfent by striking out the last word, " dollars."
It is true, as has just been suggested, that at the
time the annual reports were made the Depart-
ment was not prepared to make this recommend-
ation, for it did not know whether the land could
be got. Tho Committee of Ways and Means,
however, did not put this item in the bill because
" some fellow about the Navy Department" came
and asked them to do so, but because it was rec-
ommended by the Department. The appropria-
tion was sustained at great length and with much
ability, before us, by a gentleman of the name of
Admiral Smith, as honest a man as can be found
anywhere or in any Department of the Govern-
ment. I ask that these papers be read, in order
to show how it was.
The Clerk read the following letters:
Navy Department, January 7, 1864.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit heiewith a copy of a
communication of tins date, accompanied !>y a sketch ad-
dressed to me by the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, lecommendingtho puicha^e of ccrtain premises for
the purpose of securing more water front for the Boston
navy-yaid, for which there isgicat necessity. The condi-
tions upon which the deniable puvilege e.in be piocured
aie considered favorable, and I respectfully recommend
tho subject to the earnest consideration of the Naval Com-
mittee, and to the eat ly action of Congress should they deem
tho purchase advisable,
"Veiy rcf>pect(ully, &c.,
GIDEON WELLES,
Sea clary of the Navy.
Hon. A. II. Rich, Chairman Couvmittcc on Naval Jljfairs^
House of Rcprcsentatiics.
Navy Department,
Hurkau of Yards and Docks,
Washington, D. €., Januaty 13, 1864.
Dear Sir : In my letter of the 7th instant if) the Seerc-
tuiy ot the Navy, reporting the price of a portion of the
water front m ar the. navy-ymd, B< ton3 I stated that the
putchase should be uuthoiized within twenty days. 1 have
a lettei this a. m. from tiie owneis of this property stating
• hat an eAien-ion ot time may be consnleied until May the
1st ne\t, a*i it would, I found, be impiacticable to obtain
an appiopihUion foisud purchase within twenty days fiom
the 7th instant. I do not believe tlu« watei liont can be
purchased at a fan piiec .U'tei the time {May 1) e.\pne>.
I am. ie>peciftiliy, jour obedient seivanf,
JOS. SMITII.
Hon. A. II. Kick, Chairman Committee on Naval idjfairs,
Capitol, Washington.
Navy Department,
Borf.ao of Yards and Docks, January 7, 1864.
Sir: Alter ne^otiiuins* tor teinw ori winch a portion of
tllfclKM water front n> Boston harbor, adjoining the navy-
yard, may be teemed. I lind that about two hundred and
eighty feet on the channel as indicated within the red lines
on the iucln*<ri skrtch, conummiq .tbouf eijihly thousand
feet, can be bought toi the sum of one bundled and thirtv-
five thou -and (o'13r>,()()(}) dollars; provided the purchase be
made fbinm-nh, ot within twenty (20) days.
I consider this purchase of the gieatest unpoitanee to the
Government, as ail out it.ivj -vaids are so ciremnscubed in
area and pauiculaily m water iront. that we find it im-
possible to provide dockage and whaH.ijje for all the vessels
of the Nav\ which come to the yard*, especially at Bo-ton,
New York, and Philadelphia.
Under these ctretnn>tance , r beg leave to suggest that
jou ask an appropuahun foi the puiposc indicated, with-
out delay, Anotheroppoitinuty will probably never again
be offeicd to piocurc tins desirable privilege.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH SMITH,
Chief of Bureau.
Hon. Gideon Wet.lfs, Secretary of the Navy.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois, obtained the
floor.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. "Will the gen-
tleman from Illinois allow another paper to be
read—a letter from Commodore Stringham ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, lam willing
to have them all read. Reasons are always as
thick as blackberries when appropriations are
wanted here.
The Clerk read, as follows;
United States Navy-Yard, Boston,
Commandant's Office, January *22, 1864.
Sirs f have received your letter of the 20th instant in
relation to the property of Messrs. Oakman and Eldridge,
and in reply have, to refer you to my communication of the
2I«5t instant on that subject.
I consider the purchase of this property by t)ie Govern-
ment as'of the utmost importance to this yard, as it con-
tains two hundred and seventy-six feet water front of deep
water, which woukf add greatly to our facilities for work
on the repairs of vessels. I deem it so impoitant tliaf 1
would recommend its purchase at almost any price.
I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
S. H. STRINGIIAM, Commandant.
Rear Admiral Joseph Smith, Chief of Bureau of Yards and
Docks, Washington, D. C.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am not at
all surprised at the case made out before the com-
mittee for the purchase of these, lots, for I have
never known any appropriation to be asked for
that there were notreasons given for it. But the
reasons given here are not such as satisfy me
that it is our duty to vote this appropriation.
What is there to convince this committee as to
the value of this little strip of land, for which we
propose to pay $135,000; this little strip of land in
Charlestown, Massachusetts? I do not believe that
half the city would sell at public auction for that
amount, if you take out Bunker Hill monument,
which stands on precious soil. But yet, on this
showing here'weare asked to vote these lot spec-
ulators the sum of $135,U00. Clever and patri-
otic and glorious men! In the first instance
they would only give us twenty days to decide;
but as the bill lingered along here they gravely
send in a communication that if we will take it
they will extend the time up to the-lst of May.
Sir, I have no doubt they would extend the time
almost indcfinitely,as they well may, if they can
get this sum for that little patch of property. I
do not believe there is any necessity for the Gov-
ernment having this property at this time. I be-
lieve that we have room enough there for all the
legitimate purpose of the navy-yard. I shall go
against the establishment of any more of these
navy-yards.
But I am rather surprised to see my friends
who generally hold so tight a hand upon our ap-
propriations coming in here and advocating this
expenditure.
Sir, I say here, as I said before, that if this
appropiiation were necessary, it is in the wrong
place, k is in this bill in violation of our rules.
It should have come here as a separate measure,
and should not have been made dependent upon
any other thing. U was the duty of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, if those lots were neces-
sary for the use of the Government, to have ob-
tained the information upon which the House
could intelligently act; they should have brought
it in here in a separate bill accompanied by a re-
port, so that the House could know upon what
they were called to act.
Mr. PIKE. If my friend will allow me, I will
suggest in regard to the value of this land that
Massachusetts is somewhat more restricted in
her limits than Illinois, and consequently for the
same quantity of land a larger price is to be ex-
pected. I think if the gentleman will look into
,lhc matter he will find that this offer is after all
favorable to the Government, especially after our
experience in purchasing the adjoining lots, which,
after a dicker of four or five years by the Navy
Department, ran up in price from £80,000 to
$120,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One word
more. I wish it to be borne in mind that the gen-
tleman from Iowa,understanding how the Gov-
ernment has been imposed upon in all these pur-
chases, has introduced a bill which has passed
this House, and which will pass the Senate, I
have no doubt, providing for the condemnation
of such property as may be necessary for the use
of the Government, and paying a fan price for it
instead of paying these enormous amounts to
parties who have the Government in their power.
If, therefore, this appropriation shall be stricken
out, and these lots shall be found necessary for
the Government, they can becondemnedand only
