2834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
Mr. SLOAN. Was it not a part of the instruc-
tion^ to the chairman that the committee should
ask the House to fix a day when the bill should
be again reported and considered?
Mr. BROOKS. I will not deny or affirm that,
because I am not positive.
Mr. SLOAN. I affirm that that.was a part of
the instructions. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Alley] .will remember it.
Mr. ALLEY. If my friend will yield a mo-
ment I will state the case as I understand it. And
I must say I am surprised that .any proposition
should be made here to-day to put this bill on its
passage when the distinct understanding of the
committee was that no such action should be
"taken, but that it should simply be leported to
the House, ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted with the understanding thai some future day
should bo assigned for its further consideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
point of order. I make the point of order that
the gentleman is not in oider, ihut it is not in or-
tfer to refer to what has occurred in a committee-
room.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. ALLEY. I will say nothing further on
that subject.
The parties in interestexpect to have ahearing
before the committee on this bill. I know that
was the express understanding, that they should
be heard before the committee previous to their
final report. No objection was made to Its being:
reported that it might be ordered to be printed.
Theiefore, 1 cannot understand why my friend
from Connecticut should insist on the bill being
put on us passage.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. [f I have; been so under-
stood, 1 have been misunderstood. I have only
moved the previous question on the motion to
print the bill, recommitting it with the under-
standing that it shall beagatn reported on a desig-
nated day and considered.
I moved the previous question upon that, and
not upon tin: passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could not
move the previous question upon the latter pui t
of the motion, an that part requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Then the previous ques-
tion is called upon that part of the motion which
is pertinent. Now,as I believe i have the floor,
for all these gentlemen have occupied it only by
my consent,! will state to the Chair, and through
the Chair to the House, what I do propose, and
which I think is a lair proposition, it is very ev-
ident from the state offeelmg which has been man-
ifested here that this is an important question, so
considered both by gentlemen who are opposed
to it and those in favor of it. If it is a question of
such importance either to public or private rights
it is desirable that it should be settled one way or
the other, and all 1 ask of this House is that the
matter should be put m such a shape that it shall
be considered and settled by this Congress at this
session, as it ought to be.
Now, here is the bill; the House does not know
what it is; some gentlemen of the committee say
they do not know what it is. That is their fault,
not mine, as if has been before the committee, i
do not desire, upon the floor of the House, to re-
fer unpariiamentarily to the action of the com-
mittee. The bill is here, and I am instructed by
the committee to ask the House to have it printed.
That is a proper request. The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Davis] will concede that; the
gentleman liom New York does. It should be
printed,and it should then be recommitted to the
eommittee for the purpose of having it considered
again in a more solemn manner, if necessary.
Ihen I ask further—and I submit to every gen-
tleman that it is a fair request—that the bill should
not be consigned to the tomb of the Capulets by
referring it to thatcommittee without leave to re-
port at any time, for that committee will not be
called again during this session, in all probability.
Now, what I ask of this House is, that they
shall designate some particular day, within the
probable existence of this session, when we shall
be allowed to ropoit it back. If you are not will-
ing to do that, then I may ask action upon the bill
as it stands, trusting this House will consider it
from day to day until they understand it, and are
ready to vote either for it or against it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not know
anything about the character of this bill other than
by its title, except lam informed that it may very
seriously affect the local interests of Maryland.
How that may be I shall not know until I can
consider the bill. I desire to have it printed;
whether it be recommitted to the committee or not
is immaterial to me. I shall object to the desig-
nation of any day for its consideration. When-
ever the bill shall be reached regularly, and the
House shall be ready to consider it, I shall be
ready to give a vote upon it. At present I am
ignorant of its provisions.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. After the statementofthe
gentleman from Maryland that he shall objectto
the bill being printed and recommitted to the com-
mittee with power to report it to the House on a
day designated, I shall, under what I consider to
be a very imperative sense of duty, feel myself
constrained to consider the bill now during the
morning hour, and from day to day until the
matter is determined.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I rise to a point
of order. It is that it appears from the state-
ment of all the gentlemen upon the committee that
there has been no order of the committee to re-
port this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The bill has been reported and
read a first and second time; and the House can
do something with the bill. It is for the House
to determine what they will do, debate it, post-
pone it, or re'eommit it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Cannot the House
act upon the statement of the chairman of the
committee, so as to see that he had no authority
to report the bill except to have it recommitted ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would ask the
gentleman from Maryland how the gentleman
from Connecticut can compel the House to re-
commit it if they do not see fit to do so ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The question is
whether the gentleman has authority to report the
bill. He has "not, according to his own statement.
The committee ordered him to report it, ask to
have it recommitted, and have a day assigned.
The oider isupon all three points, and if any one
fails, there is no order to report the bill.
The SPEAKER. If the Chair should recog-
nize that usage the House would often find itself
m a very serious dilemma. When the chairman
rises and reports a bill he stales what he desires
to have done with it. When that is done the
House can do as they choose, whether it suits
the committee or not. Committees sometimes
ropoit in favor of a bill being rejected, but the
House passes it. The gentleman was authorized
to repoit the bill with a further recommendation.
That recommendation was frustrated by objec-
tions and by the rules. The bill was, however,
befote the House, and the House can do what
they see fit. After,the gentleman from Connec-
ticut surrenders the floor the gentleman from
Maryland can nvove to lay the bill on the table,
or make any other legitimate motion; but until
then he cannot.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not wish to
take any such couise, for it is palpable that the
House lias not the judgment of the committee on
this bill; and that is the meaning of the report.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 wish to say that it appears
to me that the bill is before the House by order
of the committee. The committee instructed the
chairman, as he has stated to the House, to re-
port this bill for a certain purpose; that it should
be piinted and recommitted, and that it should be
postponed for further consideration till some fu-
ture day. Now, if the House is unwilling to do
this, and objections are interposed,! would sub-
mit whether it is fair, under the circumstances,
to the parties in interest who have not had ahear-
ing, and to whom we promised a hearing, to put
this bill upon us passage now. I do not know
what may be the view the chairman of the com-
mittee may take, but it seems to me that in view
of the understanding and promises of the com-
mittee, and of the pressing business before the
House, it would be well, as the committee pro-
posed, to recommit, pi in t, and postpone its fur-
ther consideration to some day within the limits
of the session; for that is the only way in which
justice to all parties can be done, and the bill
reached and considered by the House at this ses-
sion. I appeal, therefore, to the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr.'Davis,] as having charge of the
interests of the State of Maryland and of gentle-
men connected with corporations in that State,
that he withdraw his objection, and allow the hill
to go back to the committee, to be further con-
sidered and reported at some future time for the
action of the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. So far as the ap-
plication to me is concerned, I am not charged
here with the especial interests of any railroad
corporations or even the interests of the State of
Maryland. I am here charged simply with the
interests of the United States, and, in subordina-
tion to the interests of the United States, the in-
terests of my district. This measure is one of no
more importance than another which I had the
honor to ask leave of the House to report on Mon-
day last, which leave was refused by the whole
of this side of the House with but three excep-
tions. So far as I am concerned, this bill must
take the regular course.
Mr. BRANDEGftilE. If I understand aright
the appeal of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Alley] it is to me as chairman of the com-
mittee charged with this subject to proceed on
what he claims is the principle of fairness; heap-
peals to my liberality and courtesy to allow the
bill to be recommitted to the committee on a mo-
tion to print, without any further order relative
to the day when the committee shall have leave
to report. Now, if I was acting here simply as
a member of the House no man could exceed me
in matters of courtesy, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts, I think, will readily admit; but I
stand here charged by the committee to do a cer-
tain thing. I stand here charged by the commit-
tee of which I have the honor to be.a member to
ask of this House a certain thing, to wit, that
this report shall be printed, recommitted to the
committee, and a day assigned by the House for
the reception of the report. I stand here, also,
in another capacity, and that is as the person who
originally introduced a resolution upon this sub-
ject. I stand committed before the country to
this House that this question shall be decided by
this Congress in one shape or another. I am not
willing, therefore, to have the bill sent back to the
committee, where everybody knows it must, un-
der the rules of the House, be smothered during
'the rest of this Congress, because everybody
knows the committee will not be called again.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis]
says that he stands here charged with the inter-
ests of the American people, and especially the
interests of his constituents. Let me say to that
gentleman that he will consult the interests of his
State if he will allow this measure to come up at
a proper time, after the bill has been printed and
spread before the House. If he will not do that,
I shall have to ask that the bill be put upon its
passage under the previous question. If the gen-
tleman will designate a day when the committee
shall be permitted to report this bill, I will agree
to it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker,
courtesy and coercion are altogether incompati-
ble. My honorable fiiend from Connecticut says
that I alone stand in the way of fixing a day for
the consideration of this bill, and that the inter-
ests of my constituents would, perhaps, be bet-
ter consulted by my allowing him to fix a day.
If it were an appeal to my courtesy I might pos-
sibly so consider it, but if thegentleman says that
otherwise he will move the previous question, I
say, then come.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. Speaker, as a member
of the committee, I of course feel considerablein-
terestin this bill. The chairman of the commit-
tee has very properly said that he was acting here
this morning not in his individual capacity as a
member of the House, but as chairman of the
committee and its mouthpiece. That is the fact,
sir. He has rightly said that as the mouthpiece
of this committee he had been instructed to report
this bill in order to have it printed and recommit-
ted. That is the only purpose for which he was
authorized to report the bill. And I put it to that
gentleman, as the mouthpiece of the committee,
how can he ask that any other action shall be
taken by the House than that authorized by the .
committee? That is the point for him to decide.
There ig not a member of the committee present
who will not say that the committee simply au-
thorized the reporting of the bill for the purpose
