1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a fair price paid for them under the bill of the gen-
tleman from Iowa.
Mr. PIKE. If my friend from Illinois will
allow me for a moment, I will suggest, further,
that those lots have on them valuable wharves,
and for that reason among others this price of
§135,000 is considered by those who understand
the value of the property to be a fair price.
Mr. STEVENS withdrew his amendment.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to strike
out the last two words, merely for the purpose of
making a single remark in addition.
Mr. Chairman, there was an appropriation made
some two years ago, as the gentleman from Illi-
nois suggests, for the enlargement of the Charles-
town navy-yard. But the enlargement which at
that time took place was then or immediately
afterwards considered insufficient. The premises
then acquired have been in constant use since,
and the .Navy has increased, until a further en-
largement has become absolutely necessary.
Gentlemen must bear in mind that the Norfolk
navy-yard and the navy-yard at Pensacola have
been and are now in a disabled condition, so that
if the enlargements proposed at this and at the
Philadelphia navy-yard should be made, the ca-
pacity of all tHe navy-yards in the country will
still be much less in proportion to the size of the
Navy now than before the rebellion commenced
as compared with the size of the Navy then.
Now, sir, my friend from Illinois says it was
the duty of the Committee on Naval Affairs to
have informed themselves in respect to the neces-
sity there is for this purchase. I will state to my
friend that the Committee on Naval Affairs have
not been derelict in their duty in that respcct.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My friend
will permit me to say that my statement was also
that the Committee on Naval Affairs should, if
satisfied of the necessity of this enlargement, have
brought in a separate bill for that purpose, ac-
companied by a report, so that the House could
have had before them the proper information on
"which they could act.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will state in
answer to my friend from Illinois, that he is one
of the oldest members of the House, and of course
knows that the proper mode of doing business
here is learned only by experience. The other
purchase for the enlargement of this navy-yard,
which has been commented on by him, was made
precisely in the same mode in which it is pro-
posed to make this purchase; therefore, no one
objecting to the mode by which the other purchase
was made, it was fair for the Committee on Naval
Affairs to presume that that was the proper and
legitimate mode.
Now, sir, as to the ncccssity there is for the
purchase of this land, I will say that there is no
deep water adjacent to the navy-yard at Charles-
town which can be made available for the purposes
of that yard, except that which it is proposed to
include in this purchase. As I understand it, the
owners of this land originally owned but a small
portion of that which it is proposed to purchase.
They purchased the balance some two years ago,
and they propose now to dispose of it to the Gov-
ernment at precisely the price which they paid for
it. Ail the parties conversant with the value ofland
in that vicinity that we have seen consider the
price of this property very low; and I submit that
there is not a particle of evidence before the House
to show that this is not a fair price for the land,
and that it would not be an economical purchase
for the Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is the
value of the land ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It is recom-
mended by the commandant of the yard, Admiral
Strmgham; by the Chief of the rfSreaiTbf Yards
and Docks, Admiral Smith; and by the Secretary
of the Navy himself. I believe the price of the
land is about one dollar and sixty-eight cents a foot;
and, notwithstanding the gentleman from Illinois
states that the patriotic city of Charlestown is not
worth more than that, let me tell him thathe could
not get any land outside of what it is proposed to
buy for anything like that sum.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I say that
there is no evidence before the committee of the
value of the land.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr.HOLMAN. I move to insert<( §184,000.'*
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I accept
that, because it makes the bill conform to the es-
timates.
Mr. HOOPER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment.
I wish to say that I am perfectly familiarwith
this property. I know that the navy-yard for ten
years has been wishing to obtain possession of it,
and has never been able to do so till this time. It
is offered at a fair and reasonable price. If we
do not buy it now I do not think we can get it for
anything like that price hereafter. I hope there-
fore the amendment will not be adopted.
I believe the amount of the bill is what the Sec-
retary estimated the property can be bought for
down to the 1st of May. The gentleman from
Illinois complains that this was not in the original
estimates. The reason was that the negotiations
had not been brought to a point where the esti-
mates could be laid before Congress. It was not
until the session commenced that the parties were
willing to make an offer. This is the amount of
the supplemental estimates.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on his amendment.
Tellers wereordered ;and Messrs. Washburne,
of Illinois, and English, were appointed.
The amendment was rejected; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes 45, nays 60.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, accoiding to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the House (No. 151) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1865,andhad come to noresolution thereon.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
correctly enrolled an act to appoint a warden of
the jail in the District of Columbia; when the
Speaker signed the same.
IIEIRS OF COMMODORE MORRIS.
Mr.WHALEY, by unanimous consent, moved
that the Committee of the Whole House be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
for the relief of the sisters of the late Commodore
Morris, and thnt 'it be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at five
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 25, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev.Dr.Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday wasreadandapproved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the petition of Wil-
liam Rogers Hopkins, formerly assistant profes-
sorin the United StatesNaval Academy, in which
he sots forth certain services which he rendered
there for which he lias received no compensation;
and he also alludes to his summary dismissal from
the Academy on groundless charges, on account
of which he also expects certain compensation.
I ask its reference to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
citizens of Rome, Oneida county, New York, in
which they ask Congress to immediately abolish
slavery throughout tile United States, and also to
adopt measui es for so amending the Constitution
as forever to prohibit its existence in any portion
of our common country. As this petition con-
cerns the powers of Congress and legislation, I
ask its reference to the select committee on sla-
very and freedmen.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER also presented a petition from
citizens of African descent, asking Congtess to
pass an act of universal emancipation, and to
grant the clectivc franchise to colored people;
which was referred to the select committee on
slavery and freedmen.
Mr.'POMEROY presented a petition of citizens
of Kansas, praying for the establishment of a
daily mail route from Lawrence, through the
towns of Black Jack and Stan ton, t6 Ossawatomie,
to connect with the present route No. 14X53 $ and
the suspension of route 14223 from Ottawa Cr&elt
to Ossawatomie; of route 14172 from'Leaven-
worth to Pratt's Mission, Monticello, Olathe,
Spring Hill,Paola, Paris, Moneka, Mound City,
Mapleton,lDogtown,and Marmaton; and ofroute
14222, from Harrisonville to Wilmington? Kan-
sas; which was referred to the Committee on-Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial pf the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Chippewa Agency,
Minnesota, to Superior city, Wisconsin; whieh
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN presented five petitions of
citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying for the sale
of the mineral lands of the Rocky mountain coun-
try, and that liberal aid may be given to aid in
the construction of the Northern and Central Pa-
cific railroads; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of F.
Gustave Pincke and others, of Brooklyn, New
York, praying for the passage of an act declara-
tory of certain terms used in the Constitution of
the United States; which was referred t.o the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of George Tick-
nor Curtis and others, members of the barof New
York, against the passage of any act dividing the
judicial distiictof the southern district of New
York; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Rhode Island, in favor
ofgiving to colored troops already enlisted or who
may hereafter be enlisted into the service of the
United States the same pay in all respects as is
given to other enlisted soldiers, and earnestly urg-
ing the immediate passage of such an act; which
were ordered to lie on the table, and be printed,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of a grant
of lands to that State in lieu of the sixteenth and
thirty-sixth sections of the public lands sold for
the benefit of certain Indian tribes; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of Kansas, in favor of the negotiation of treaties
and the enactment of laws which will enable the
Government of the United States to speedily re-
move all Indians residing in a tribal capacity with-
in the limits of that State to some point beyond
the boundaries of the same; which were referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the negotiation
of treaties and the enactment of laws which will
enable the Government of the United States to
speedily remove all Indians residing in a tribal
capacity within the limits of that State to some
point beyond its boundaries; which were referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
bn motion of Mr. SAULSBURY, it wa%
Ordeicd, That the report of the Secretary of War of the
J6th of January, lt-00, communicating the leport and esti-
mate of Capum Newton in relation to the construction ot
a wharf at Lewes, D< laware. be taken from the files of the
>Senate, and refeired to ihe Committee on Coimneice.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, it was
OulcreJ, Thar the petition and other paper* of Edward
P. Voiluni, assistant suitrecm in the Aimv, praviiu* for re-
muneration for losses sustained by shipwreek while trav-
eling under ouiers, be taken tronj Hie tile* of the Senate,
and icterrod to the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs and the
Mihtia.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
OiJereil, That Jtime-- P. Schenck leave leave to withdraw
his petition and otlnji papers fiom the files of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr.POWELL asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
134) to repeal all acts or parts of acts granting al-
lowances or bounties on the tonnage of vessels
engaged m the Bank or other cod fisheries; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
