1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.
of having it printed and recommitted, and having
some day assigned for its consideration by the
House. The committee is bound by that action;
but my colleague, [Mr. Davis,] having nothing
to do with the committee, is not bound by itsac-
tion. And because he takes a different course,
does that excuse the chairman of the committee,
or any other member of it, in disregarding the
instructions of the committee ? I hold that it does
not. I hold that the chairman of the committee
is bound by its action, whatever my colleague or
any other member of the House may do on the
subject.
.There is not a member of the committee pres-
ent who will not say that this bill has not been
determined upon at all in committee. It has not
been read in the committee. It has not been con-
sidered in the committee. It was in order that it
might be considered in the committee that the
chairman was instructed to ask the House to have
it printed and recommitted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask the
Chair a question, whether this bill cannot be
postponed to a day certain by a vote of the ma-
jority of the House.
The SPEAKER. Certainly it can be. A ma-
jority of the House has the right to postpone the
bill without sending it back to the committee, if
it see fit to do so.
Mr. WEBSTER. Would the House take a
bill out of the hands of a committee which has
not considered it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannottell whether
the House would do it or not. [Laughter.]
Mr, SLOAN. Will the gentleman from Mary-
land yield to me for a question ?
Mr. WEBSTER. Certainly.
Mr. SLOAN. I ask the gentleman from Mary-
land if the chairman of the committee did not
state fully and fairly the instructions given, him
in reference to this bill.
Mr. WEBSTER. I will allow my colleague
on the committee [Mr. Brandegee] to state his
instructions. I desired to state them fairly and
fully, and if I have not done so my colleague can
do so.
Mr. SLOAN. While the committee did in-
struct the chairman to report this bill and ask
to have it printed and recommitted, with leave to
report back at a certain day, it was the desire of
the committee that action should be had on it
before the close of this session. I venture to say
that all the friends of the measure are willing to
have the instructions of the committee carried
out. They are willing to have this bill printed
and recommitted, with leave to report at a certain
day. That delay is asked on behalf of those
whose interests are adverse to the bill.
Thegentlemen who desire this delay, and who
are opposed, object to having the bill printed and
recommitted, with authority to report it back at
a given time. I undertake to say that, so far as
expressed, it was the desire of the committee to
have the bill considered at this session.
Now, if members who are opposed to this
measure are not willing to have the instructions
of the committee carried out, it seems to me that
the chairman of the committee can do no more
than he is doing. The bill has been reported,
and is in possession of the House. The com-
mittee have lost control of it, unless the House
chooses to carry out their wishes, and if those
who are adverse to the passage of such a measure
prefer to compel the consideration of the bill now,
if it is to he considered at all (Hiring this session,
it seems to me the fiiends of this measure are not
responsibje for the result. On the contrary, the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] and others
who are opposed to the passage of this bill, and
who object to its being considered on some day
named, which would prevent it from being con-
sidered at all during the present session, are le-
sponsible for the action of the chairman of the
committee in bringing up the bill for considera-
tion at the present time.
Mr. WEBSTER. When thegentleman speaks
of the gentleman from Maryland objecting to the
assignment of a particular day for the considera-
tion of this bill, he does not, of course, refer to me.
Mr. SLOAN. Not at all. 1 refer to the gen-
tleman's colleague, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. WEBSTER. I have not made any such
objection, and I am not speaking as an opponent
of the bill at all. I am merely speaking as a mem-
ber of the special committee on this subject, and
I am only demanding that the directions of the
committee shall be carried out. As a member of
this House I have not stated to-day, and I do not
intend to, whether I am for or against this bill.
I only ask that the chairman of the committee
shall comply with the instructions of the commit-
tee, nothing: more.
Mr. SLOAN. I hope thegentleman will allow
me to suggest that the chairman has tried to carry
out those instructions but was prevented by the
objection of the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. WEBSTER. He was prevented not by
any member of the special committee, but by the
objection of a member of the House, who had a
right to object if he saw fit. And that, I think,
does not give the chairman of that committee the
right to put this bill on its passage. He very
well knows that this bill could never have been ie-
ported from that committee for any such purpose.
He very well knows that the bill could not have
been reported for any purpose except to have it
recommitted, so that the committee could consider
it. And it is but right, fair, and proper, under
the rules which govern the action of members of
this House and members of committees, that that
bill shall be recommitted, so that it may be con-
sidered by the committee.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. How many minutes of
the morning hour still remain?
The SPEAKER. Twenty-eight.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. In answer to my excita-
ble friend from Maryland  *
Mr. WEBSTER. Not at ail.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. And who still seems to
retain the spirit of the Baltimore convention
where I had the pleasure of seeing him yesterday,
[laughter,] I will say that so far as my action
on this bill is concerned, I think I have followed
the mstiuctions of the committee specifically.
Now, if the gentleman will give me his attention
for a moment, I will state fairly what were my
instructions and what I have done.
I state in the first place that I" was instructed to
report that bill to the House. Is that so? I was
then instructed by the committee to ask that the
bill be printed. Is that so? I was then further
directed to ask that a day be assigned for the con-
sideration of that bill, and upon that day being
assigned, to ask that the bill be recommitted to
the committee. Js that so?
Mr. WEBSTER. Not precisely in that way.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. In what, respect is it
not so?
Mr. WEBSTER. The committee was directed
to ask that the bill be recommitted,and then to ask
the House to fix some day for its consideration.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. 1 was instructed to ask
that the bill be recommitted if a day was assigned
for its consideration, but not otherwise. I ask
the gentleman finm Maiyland if those were not
the instructions of the committee?
Mr. WEBSTER. I will answer the question
with a gieatdeal of pleasure. He has stated the
facts to a certain extent correctly. When the
committee was called the gentleman reported the
bill, as he had the right to do, and asked to hftfe
it printed, recommitted, and a day fixed for its
consideration; but I submit that it was only to
be leported on condition that it should be recom-
mitted. The committee could not determine that.
The committee neverauthorized him, ifthe House
refused to set a day, that he should ask the bill
to be put on its passage. On the contrary the
committee would have refused any such thing.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. The House have not
decided whether they will assign a day or not.
That is what i ask them to do. The gentleman
insists that i should send the bill back into the
committee before the House determine whether
they will fix a day or not. It is my duly to ask
the House shall fix a day. If the House shall
refuse to designate a day, then the House is all-
powerful, and can take the whole question out of
my hands. 1 will be satisfied if the gentleman
will be as calm as I am, and let me take the sense
of the House on the motion I have made that the
bill shall be oidered to be printed, recommitted,
and that a day shall be designated on which it is
again to bo reported and disposed of.
I notify thegentleman from Maryland and other
gentlemen that in twenty-five minutes the morn-
ing hour will expire, and that if this question be
not determined before then, the bill, by parlia-
mentary law, wittgo o vcrYuVt ilt<>;~mf>fro'w,arid be
con^ider^d from day toft&y hs Unfinished frtisirfess.
Mr. COX. "What"is'tne^qiiestiopt,
The SPEAKER1. Shaii'the l>ill be'engrossed
and read a third time? "\'s' '
Mr. COX. Has tfratgiv^fr rise to thjs.6xftfaor-
dinary debate? „ ,r" " t v
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. ;
Speaker, I think that I can make a suggestion that
will obviate all objection. It has been decided
that the last part of the motion of the gentleman
from Connecticut is not in order except by unan-
imous consent. I. propose that he shall dtvideiiis
proposition^ I think that in that way we may
arrive at a rightful understanding and proper ac-
tion. Let the bill be ordered to be printed and
recommitted to the committee for the purpose of
considering It. Then we can acton the question
of fixing a day for its future consideration.
Now, as the action of the committee has been
more than once alluded to, and if permitted for a
moment, I propose to encroach on the rule of the
House. I was not .present when this action was
had, but I was at the previous meeting when this
bill was presented. It is a long bill, and there was
not time to consider it. When printed the bill
ought to be referred to the committee for its ac-
tion, as it has not yet been fully considered by
that committee.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from Rhode island.
BANKRUPT BILL.
Mr. JENCKES. I rise to a privileged quw-
tion. I call up the motion which I submitted yes-
terday to reconsider the vote by which the bank-
rupt bill was ordered to be engiossed and read a
third time. I withdraw that motion, and move
that the bill be put on its passage.
Thereupon, the bill having been actually en-
grossed, it wasaccordingly read the third time un-
der the order of the House of yesterday.
Mr. JENCKES called for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Tiie House was divided; and'there were—ayes
47, noes 39.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered,
Mr. CRAVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
Tjie yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 64, nays 65, not voting 53; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ailev, Allison, Aincs, Arnold, Afhl -v,
Augustus (3. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blow,
Biandegee, Brook*, Broomall, James S. Biown,
Ambrose VV Clark. Cole, Henry Winter Davis, Tnoina.s
T. Davis Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Griggs. Elmt, i-'arus
woith, Fenton, Frank,Gnn^on, Git-wold, Ueinck, Ar-nhe!
W. Hubbaid, flulburd, Jenrkes, Kalbfiou-ch, Kas oa, K 'l-
ley, Oilando Kellojrg, bittiejolm, Longye.u, Maivin. tVIcfn-
doo, Samuel F. Miller, Moorheud, Daniel Morn-, Leouud
Myers, Noiton, Odeli, Alexander [1. Iiice, John IJ. ll<ce,
Shannon, Slo-m, Spalding, 8tari, Sweat, Tn.iyer. Tiiouia.-,
Upson, Van Valkenbnri;h> Ward, William B Wa-bburn,
Webster, Wheelei, Wilder, Window, and Wood bridge—54.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Wiliuun J. Alle.n. An-
cona, IJatly, Maxtor, Blaine, Jacob 13. Blair, Bliss, Bout-
well, Boyd, Freeman Olaike,Cobb,CofFrotir, Cox, Cravens,
Dawson, Denisfon, Eckley, Eden, Edgerroit, Eldridgc,
Fmck, Gooch, Hale, Cltaries M. Harris, Htgby, Hotmail,
Hutelnns Ingcrsoli, William Johnson, Julian, Ivnapp, La-
zear, Le Blond, Loan. Long, Maliory, Marev, McDowell,
Moirili, James R. Morris, Morrison, Amos Myoi-, Noble,
Charles O'Neill, Oith, Pendleton, Perliain* Pnee, Samuel
J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, Ros«, Schenek, SeOtt, Ste-
vens, Sules, Stiouse, Tiacy, Voorhees., Wad-worth. Chil-
ton A White, Joseph W. White, Wilson, and Wintield—G5.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Fianoisi P. Blair,
William G. Drown, Clay, Cieswell, Deming, Dumont, En-
glish, Gat field, Gnder, Gntmell, Hail, Uardiug, llarrmgton,
Benjamin G. Mania, Hooper, Hotehki>s, John II. Hubbard,
Philip Johnson, Fiancis VV. ICeilogg, Kernan, King. Law,
McAllister, MeBride, McClurg, MeKmne.V) Middleion,
William II Miller, Nelson, John O'Neill, Pattowm, Perry,
Pike, Ponieroy, Pruyn, Radi'otd, William U. Randall, Ed-
waid II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, ScofieUl, Smithy Smith
ers, Stebbms, John B. Steele, William G. tStowle, Stuart,
Elihu B. Washburne, Whaley, Williams, Benjamin Wood,
Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—53.
So the bill was rejected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. GRiDER stated that Mr. Haroisg, who
would have voted in the negative, was detained
from the House by illness.
Mr. SCOF1ELD stated that he was paired with
Mr. Grinnell, who would have voted in the af~
fnnmtive, while he (Mi. Scofield) would have
voted in the negative.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
