THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
Mr. CRAVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was rejected; and also moved
to lay the motion to. reconsider on the table.
Mr. BRANDEGEE demanded the .yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRAVENS withdrew the motion.
Mr. BOUTWELL, at a subsequent period,
moved to reconsider the vote "by which the bill
was rejected.
The motion was entered.
ENROLLMENT LAW.
Mr. FARNSWORTH asked-unanimous con-
sent to report a bill to amend the enrollmentlaw,
and for other purposes. "
Mr. ANCONA objected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has, and reports are in
order front the Committee on Commerce.
OCEAN STEAM NAVIGATION.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In accord-
ance with the directions of the Committee on
Commerce, 1 report back the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York
in reference to ocean steam navigation, and ask
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration thereof.
The committee was discharged accordingly,
and the memorial laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league, from the minority of the committee, de-
sires to present a minority report, and have it
printed.
Mr. WARD presented a minority report;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
punted.
PASSlCNGEIiS ON STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported back, with a
recommendation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No.
510) fui i hei to regulate the can mge of passengers
m stram.shipN and other vessels.
The bill wum read.
Mr. BROOKS. This is a very important bill,
and though 1 have no doubt that it has been very
well considered, yet I would like to have from the
gentleman from Illinois some little explanations
on points which I am not able to reach without
reference to some older legislation. The fast
section provides
That the tcim "contiguous terntoiy," in the fust sec-
tion of tin* act entitled u An act to isolate tin1 eaniatfeof
pnsftmuers in steamships and othei vckvcIh,'' apptnved
Match 3, 1855, Khali not he held to evtrmd to any poit or
place connecting with any mioioci'.imc ionic ihiouijh
Mexico.
I would like to have the gentleman explain that.
Mr. WASHBUHNE, of Illinois. 1 have sent
for the volume of laws which contains the provis-
ion referred to. It in the act to regulate the car-
riage of passengers in steamships and other ves-
sels, and, among other things, it provides
That no master of any vcsm-1 owned in whole or in part
by ciiix^iis <>f the United ^taie-, or by a citizen oi any lor-
eitjn countiy, shall take on boaid such vessel, at any for-
eign potior place, othei than toieiirnooniiauoit.-, tmitoiyof
the United cUate.s, agicutn number ot pasM'ngei.s than m
propoirion of one to every two ton.-* of Mich ve^ei, &e.
That ilausc has been held not to apply to
steamers sailing from New York to Panama, and
the object of thiM section is to declare that it m not
to ho held to extend to any port or place connected
with atty interoccanic route thiough Mexico.
Mr. BROOKS. The tenth section piovides
That ail steamer* and other vessels belonging to a cit-
izrni or to citizens of tho United State?, and bound fiom
any poit in the United States, to any other port therein, oi
to any lor^ign poit, oi hom any loiei^n pott to anv poit in
the United State*, *haii, befoie cleat,me<\ roc-ive on hoard
and securely convey nil Mich bullion, coin, United States
note--, and bond*, and other securities as the Government of
the United States, or any Department thereof, oi anv in win-
ter. consul, \ km; eoti'-nl. oi commercial oi other ancntof the
TTnih <t S;au = abroad ^iiall ot!< i, and piompih deliver the
gillie to the propei authonties or eon^iynces on anivmyat
tin* port ot destination, and shall leeetve for such service
such  (a-oj.f.bh conijien-unon as may bo allowed by ihe
head oi too proper Department.
What is the u proper Department'* spoken of5
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. The Treas-
ury Department.
Mr. BROOKS. Do 1 understand that the bill
provides that those vessels may take bullion or
coin only for the United States and not for indi-
viduals?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They may
take from individuals as much as they please, but
when they take it for the Government they shall
not be permitted to charge their own price, as they
have been doing, but the compensation shall be
settled by the Treasury Department.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the section compel them
to take the bullion for the Government and then
allow the Treasury Department to settle the com-
pensation ? Is that fair and equitable ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I presume
there will be no difficulty at all. I think it proper
and right, in return fui the privileges these steam-
ers receive from the Government, that they should
transport the coin, bullion, and. otherproperty of
the Government at a fair and just price to be de-
termined by the proper Department, which is the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. BROOKS. I would suggest that this sec-
tion applies as well to European and other steam-
ers, which receive no privileges or benefits from
the Government, and over which the Government
has no power. Would it not be fair to provide
in the bill that the same amount shall be paid them
that is paid to express and other transportation
companies for similar services ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will shape an amendment to that effect,
I will not make any objection to it. This is a
report from a committee and I am not authorized
to accept i he amendment, but I will not object to it.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I move to amend the
tenth section by striking out in line fourteen the
words " by the head of the proper Department,'*
and inserting in lieu thereof the words " toother
carriers in the ordinary transaction of business."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend section five of the bill by striking out in
line twenty-one the words " exceeding $3,000 nor
less than $1,000," and nisei ting in lieu thereof
ihe words " less than $10,000;" so that the last
clause of the section will read:
And if *.ueh master or commander shall refuse or neglect
to comply with tho requirements of tins taction, he, to-
gether with the owner or owners ot said vessel, shall be
Mibjeet to a tine of not le^ than.-gll^UOO, and buch fine shall
be a lien upon the vessel until paid.
I offer that amendment for the purpose of en-
forcing this provision of the law. It is a very
simple one and yet a very important one, and if
it is not confoimed to I think this penalty ought
to beenfoiced. It may be considered a very large
and heavy one. Gentlemen fiom California say
that it \h not too high, and that the bill as reported
hy the committee imposes a penalty so light that
the profits from a very few passengers would pay
the fine, and hence that it would amount to noth-
ing whatever.
Mr. GANNON. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois what he means by inserting in the
fourth section a provision that before a vessel
shall bo allowed to depart the master or other
person in charge of such vessel carrying passen-
g«r?^ shall file with the collector or other officer
of customs granting tho clearance a list verified
hy oath of all the passengers, &c.
Mr. WAS11BIJRNE, of Illinois. Thatques-
j! tion goes to the very gistof the bill. It is in order
:| to enable the number of passengers to be fixed,
'i The great thing which we want to provide against
| by this hill is the over crowding of these steamers,
| and this provision in the fourth section is intended
, to require a list of passengers who are going upon
a steamer to be returned to the custom-house and
| sworn to.
' Mr. GANSON. I would ask the gentleman
■, fiom Illinois to what class of vessels this fourth
I' section applies. Does it apply to any vessel on
; 1 our inland navigation?
; Mr. VVASHBCJ!lNE,of Illinois. Itdoes not.
■ | That is expressly piovided against. The sec-
' tion refers back to the steamboat act of 18G2.
!. Mr. GANSON. Does it apply to vessels on
i, the sounds ?
i Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. It does not.
j Mr. BROOKS. Let me suggest to the gentle-
■ man from Pennsylvania that the fine of §10,000
I which he now proposes is an enormous fine to im-
pose upon the owner of a vessel the master or
comrrtander of which neglects his duty. It strikes
me that the fine of$3,0U0, originally proposed it)
the bill, is amply sufficient. I know there is a
warm feeling on the California coast about these
steamers, but we ought not to impose excessive
punishments, for excessive punishments defeat
themselves. A fine of $3,000 is an ample pun-
ishment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The answer
to that suggestion.is that the passage money of
half a dozen passengers will pay this whole fine,
and the steamboat companies can afford to vio-
late the law and make a great deal of money by
it. I am certain that the gentleman from New
York is in favor of the spirit of this bill. 1 do
not wish to put anything in it that would be un-
reasonable.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me suggest tn the gentle-
man from Illinois that a fine of $10,000 for this
violation of the law would be a great inducement,
almost a bribe, to get up fraudulent lists of pas-
sengers. It strikes me that the sum first fixed by
the Committee on Commerce was quite high
enough. I do not believe that this penalty of
$10,000 would produce any practical result. It
would only lead to frauds and to attempt to evade
the law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The simple
remedy for that is for the master or commander,
or party in charge, to make a fair return. Let
him comply with the law, and he is not fined
anything.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, there is no diffi-
culty in finding out at all times the number of pas-
sengers on board a ship. It is well known by all
who have been in the habit of going back and for-
waid between New York and San Francisco that
the passenger laws are constantly violated. We
arc determined, if possible, that there shall be such
restrictions imposed upon steamboat proprietors
as will make them pay more attention to this mat-
ter. A penalty of $3,000 is a matter of no con-
sideration for them, if they can set the law at de-
fiance. It is a very easy matter to make up that
fine from the profits of overloading a ship. But
where the penalty amounts to $10,000 it will re-
qu'ue a large number of extra passengers to per-
mit the fine to be paid; and such an increase of
passengers it will be easy to detect.
It is remarked by the member from New York
that it seems to be a great burden that the failure
of the commander of a ship should be visited on
the owner. I do not think so. It will put the
owners of ships on the alert to see that they have
proper commanders, men of responsibility as mas-
ters of vessels. The penalty is not too severe,
and I hope the amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. SHANNON. Mr. Speaker, i undertake
to say that if the penalty of $3,000 originally re-
ported be retained in the bill the bill will not be
worth the paper on which it is written, or worth
a moment's consideration in the House. Ten
passengers additional will make the ship-owner
even, after the payment of this penalty. The law
can be violated with impunity every time that a
steamer leaves New York with passengers for
California. If the penalty be increased to $10,000
that will be a different matter. That is the gist
and quintessence of the whole proposition. Un-
less the penalty be so high as to make it the in-
terest of these steamship companies to obey the
law, it will be entirely nugatory. I undertake to
say that there is no nation in the world which is
so imposed upon and has such loose laws in re-
gard to passengers as the United States. The
law relating to passengers leaving the United
States in these vessels is simply no law at all. It
is violated with impunity every day thatasteamer
leaves one of our ports. Thousands of lives have
been sacrificed, and thousands are daily sub-
jected to being sacrificed, m consequence of the
law not being enforced. The law as it now ex-
ists does not impose such heavy penalties as ore
necessary in order to compel parties to obey the
law. If the penalty in this bill be left at $3,000
there will be no good accomplished by its pas-
sage.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I have heard what
the gentlemen from California have had to say.
I am aware of the old fight that has been going
on with these steamboat companies. I do not
sympathize with that quarrel on either side; and
1 am quite as anxious as they can possibly be that
the travel between New York and Californiashall
be well regulated. But it seems to me thatinthis
respect they overshoot the mark. It is a law of
