1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
the last annual report of this Department, as well as that of
the chief of the Bureau ofProvisionsandClothing,accom-
panying it, m which the subject of increased pay is men-
tioned and discussed.
Returning the petition, I am, very respectfully, &c.,
GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. Alexander Ramsey,
Committee on Naval Jljfairs, United States Senate.
Navy Department,
Bureau of Provisions ano Clothing,
February 2, 1864.
Sir : The communication of Hon. Alexander Rajksey
on behalf of the Naval Committee of the Senate, having
been referred by you to this bureau for ns suggestions upon
the subject of the compensation of clerks to paymasters
in the Navy, I have the honor to return the same with the
following remarks upon the subject of the desired increase
ot pay:
The paymasterof a navy-yard pays the officers on duty at
the station, and alt other officers whose accounts are borne
on his books, as well as all the mechanics and laborers of
the yard, numbering from fifteen bundled to four thousand
persons, iiis clerk should be an intelligent and thorough
accountant and bookkeeper, and a man of great uiteguty
and industry.
The inspectors in charge of provisions and clothing receive,
inspect, prepare for issue, and distribute all the provisions,
clothing, and small-stores used in the Navy, amounting, in
the aggregate, to over six million dollars annually. These
stores are inspected, packed, and prepared for sea use under
his superintendence, and he acts as naval stoi ekeeper for ail
articles in the paymaster's department.
Hp supplies all ships fitting, or refitting, at his station, and
makes all shipments of provisions, clothing, and small-
stores, to distant stations, preparing the invoices and other
papers incident to the shipments. The returns of the re-
ceipt and expenditures of stores are to be made weekly,
monthly, and quarteily, involving a great deal of labor, and
requiring industiy and accuracy in their preparation.
Tile clerks of these inspectors should be good bookkeep-
ers, and be familiar with commercial usages; and the le-
ceiptof laige amounts of stores trom contractors, a'nd by
open purchases, makes it important that the clerks should
be men of honesty and ability.
The paymaster of a recruiting ship takes up the accounts
of all the recruits shipped at that station, as well as those
of vessels coming in to repair and refit, whose crews are
temporarily transferred to the receiving ship for subsistence
and safe-keeping. These men are provisioned, and receive
such clothing and small-stores as may be wanted for their
comfort, which involves the necessity of daily issues and
charges to the men constantly coming on board and leav-
ing, and whose accounts must accompany them.
The paymaster in such a ship requires a elerk who is
piompt, Intelligent, and reliable, and a good bookkeeper
and tapul accountant, since sudden transfers of laige bodies
of men are frequently made.
The cleiks of paymasters of yaids and of inspectors in
charge of provisions. See., now receive by law hut $7o0 per
annum, and the clerks of paymasters of receiving ships but
$700. without rations or perquisites of any kind, while the
hrst clerks to commandants at all yaids receive $1,200. The
pay of clerk of the yard," and the first clerk to naval store-
keeper, is §1,200 at all yards except Philadelphia and Ports-
mouth, where their pay is $900. One exception to thi«* is
found in the pay to clerks at Mare island, where their pay
was fixed by law in 1862 at §1,500 alike for clerk to com-
mandant, for clerk of the yaid, tor the clerk to naval store-
keeper, and for elerk to paymaster and in>pertor.
It is safe to add that the laboi and responsibility of the
cleik to paymasters and inspectors are as great as any of
the foregoing.
There are," in addition to the foregoing, several classes of
clerks and writets at navy-yaids, whose duties are little
more than those of copyists, who yet luceive lughei lates
of compensation than paymasters' cleiks. Thus clerks to
naval constructors at most navy-yards receive $1,000 per
annum; second cleiks to commandants, $9GU; second
clerks to naval stoiekecpers, $900; and writers atyaids, at
least $2 50 per day, or $782 50 per annum.
There seems to be no justice nor reason in these dis-
criminations against the paymasters' clerks.
Much better pay is given to quartermasteis'and paymas-
ters' clerks in the Army employed in duties similar to those
clerks of paymasters and inspectors of provisions and cloth-
ing in the Navy.
At the clothing depot at the Schuylkill arsenal two clerks
are paid §1,800 each ; two others, §1,400 each ; one,§l,2u0;
thiee, §1,000 each; and three. §000 each; and cleiks to
paymaster in the Army receivc §973 75 per annum, and
are now petitioning for higher pay.
Inadequate asjthe compensation of clerks on shore is, it
is still smallei at se.u Their highest pay by law is §500
per annum, and one ration of thirty cents per day. From
this small sum they must pay for their clothing, food, and
all their expenses. Those who have families can spare
them but a wretched pittance; und single men save but
little or nothing from their pay, unless they resort to un-
authorized traffic or to speculations.
The interests ofGoverninentieijuire that the person who
necessarily has constant access to large quantities of pro-
visions, clothing, and small-stores, should he paid suffi-
cient atleast to save him from the sense or'injusuce which
might lead him to embezzle puhhc propci t>, or resoit to
other unlawful means to increase his small salary.
The pay ofelerksori sea duty is the only pay in the Navy
which lias not been raised since the enactment of the law
of 1812. But, on the contrary, it has been diminished by
the change in the lates of vessels-of-war.
Thus the law of 1812 gives to a paymaster's cleik in a
Jine-of-battle !-hi[> §700 per annum, and in a filgate §500.
No vessel of the foimei el«i-«s ever goe< to seo now, but the
heavy steam frigates like the Wabash have taken their
places.
The paymasters'clerk* in such ships, though their duties
lire as arduous and more complicated—having on the hooks
the additional clashes of persons necessary in steam vessels
—receive but §500 per annum and one ration per day, while
the pay of paymasters' clerks in vessels with complements
of leas than two hundred and forty persons Is only $400 per
annum and one ration.
These clerks have free access to the provisions, clothing,
and small-stores on board ship. Upon their capacity, care,
and honesty depends, in a great degree, the safe-keeping of
the stores, and tiieir issue without waste; and the prompt
performance of the paymasters' various duties is greatly
influenced by the ability and correctness of their clerks.
The pay proposed in the accompanying bill is believed to
be in no instance greater than theexistingcompensationof
other clerks of the Navy and Army having as laborious and
responsibleduties.
The highest pay therein asked for—with one exception
at Mare island—is that given to the lowest class of clerics
in Washington, namely, §1,200.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedi-
ent servant,
F. BRIDGE, Chief of Bureau.
lion. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy.
The committee believe that paymasters' clerks are justly
entitled to the increase of salary provided by the bill ac-
companying the foregoing communication, and therefore
report the same to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the vote is taken
I wish to make but a single remark to the Senate.
If the Senate feel at all disposed to entertain this
proposition and begin to increase salaries, they
had better ask themselves where it is to end.
Mr. HALE. 1 feel bound to say that I should
not of myself have introduced the first proposition
of this kind; but since the war commenced the
Senate has done very little else besides raising
rank and salaries, and it seems hard that these gen-
tlemen should receive less than half what is paid
to the same class of clerks engaged in other duties.
I think it is an act of greatinjusticetothem. For
instance, the clerk of a paymaster of a ship at sea
receives $500ayear and one ration a day of thirty
cents, which is about $100 more. The lowest
clerk at Washington receives $1,200, the pay-
masters'clerks in the Army receive nearly §1,000,
while, these men receive a very small pittance.
The proposition has been before the Naval Com-
mittee for years. It is recommended by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and by the chiefs of the
bureaus, and unanimously recommended by the
committee as an act of simple justice to a very
deserving class of officers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator if they
are not entitled to their share of prize money?
Are they not on the ship's list, and entitled to a
share of prize money?
Mr. HALE. That is a question I am not pre-
pared to* answer; but I do not think they are.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly they are.
Mr. GRIMES. They are entitled to draw in
proportion to the salary they receive, whatever
that may be. Everybody that is on board who
goes to make up the complement of the ship is
entitled to draw prize money in proportion to his
pay; but that would not be a fair criterion by which
to judge this case, because it is well known that not
one man in fifty who has enlisted into the naval
service of the United States has been entitled or ever
will be entitled to prize money. But here is the
question: What is the necessity or Row urgent is
the necessity for these officers, and is it not possi-
ble for the assistant paymasters themselves to per-
form ail the duties that are required of them and
of their cleiks too, if they have a mind to do so?
Are'not the assistant paymasters on board these
ships pretty much gentlemen, and do they not re-
quite these clerks of theirs todoalltheduty except
merely signing their names? That is the ques-
tion that I would put.
Mr. CONNESS. I will state that I have re-
ceived within a few days a letter from a captain
of marines at Mare island, California, in which
he states that he does not for his salary receive as
much as the common laborers at that yard: and
yet I cannot introduce a bill here to increase his
salary, because it is very well understood that the
Government cannot stand any general increase. \\
If the salai ies of these clerks aie to be increased,
1 do not see how you can refuse an increase to
other classcs of officers; and if this business be-
gins, I do not see any end to it but bankruptcy.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I think the
correct criterion is to give the pay which will com-
mand the talent desired. If gentlemen who are
competent refuse to serve for the salaries we are
now paying, the salaries ought to be raised. I
have heard, however, of none who have resigned
on account of the smallness of their salary, aed
hence, in my opinion, the pay now given comi
mands the talent required, and therefore an in-
crease is not necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe these places are
very much sought for, and I believe the ordinary
course is that where these paymasters have clerks,
they are generally nephews, or cousins, or some-
body they want to take with them for the addi-
tional pay.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt that there are
cases where the salaries ought to be raised. A
paymaster stationed on board a large receiving
ship does require a clerk; for instance, on board
the receiving ship at New York, there is a vast
amount of business done. So a paymaster who
is the inspector at the depot at New York, or
who may be the purchasing agent, requires a
clerk. But it does not occur to me that it is ne-
cessary that there should be an increase of the
salaries of all the clerks of the paymasters, and
for the very good reason just assigned by my col-
league. I have never heard ofany scarcity of these
clerks; I do not know that we are not able to get
good clerks for the salaries we do pay. 1 think
it very likely, however, that it might be well to
increase the salary of a few of these men; b.ut I
do not think it is worth while to pass such a
sweeping bill as this.
The question being taken by yeas and nayson
the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 11, nays
25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Foster, Hale, Harding, Hendrick3,
Johnson, McDougall, Nesmith, Ramsey, Wilkinson, and
Wright—11.
NAYS—Mef-srs.Buekalew,CarUle, Chandler,Clark,Col-
lamer, Connesi-, Dixon, Doohule, Fessenden, Foot, Grimes,
Harlan, Hams, Howe,Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Pomeroy,
Powell, Saulsbury, Sheiman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Van
Winkle, Wade, and Wilson—25.
So the bill was rejected.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Repiesentatives had disagreed to
the amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
House (No. 26) reviving the grade of lieutenant
general in the United States Army, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon; and appointed Mr. Elihu B.
Washburne of Illinois, Mr. Archibald Mc-
Allister of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Reuben E.
Fenton of New York, managers at the same on
its part.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced thattheSpeaker
of the House of representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (S. No. 86) to provide for the ap-
pointment of a warden of the jail in the District
of Columbia; and it was theieupon signed by the
Vice Piesident
YOLUNTEEIl NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. HALE. I now move to take up Senate
bill No. 76, which is a short bill from the same
committee.
The motion wag agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
7G) relating to appointments in the naval service
wa« read the second time by its title, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that hereafter all appointments in the .volunteer
naval service of the United States shall be sub-
mitted to the Senate for confirmation, in the same
way and manner as appointments in the regular
Navy are required to be; and all such appoint-
ments hitherto made shall cease and determine at
the expiration of sixty days from the time of the
return of the vessels in which those holding them
are respectively employed.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move to strike out of the
last clause of the bill that which declares that all
persons who shall come in within sixty days shall
cease to hold office unless confirmed. I wish to
make it prospective merely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words pro-
posed to Ue stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
And all such appointments hitherto made shall cease and
determine at the e.\piiation of sixty days from the time of
the leturn of the vessels in which those holding them are
lespectively employed.
Mr. GRIMES. I cannot see any possible ad-
