1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL (SLOBl.
the Government, and a law of society, thai when
revengeful penalties are inflicted the law3are vio-
lated more frequently than if the pcnaltiesbe just.
•The penally for forgery m EnglandKvasforaiong
time that of hanging. The consequence was that
juries seldom or never convicted anybody of for-
gery, because the punishment was too severe for
the offense. Here is a fine of $10,900 to. be in-
flicted on the owner of the^vessel for the viola-
tion of a simple rule by the rh&tafcixr bomrnander.
The Committee on Commerce, after a careful con-
sideration of the subject,considered §3,000amply
sufficient. The amendment of the gentleman from
California making the penalty $10,000 is revenge-
ful; it is not intended as a remedy; it is a punish-
ment, and as such is not proper to be adopted.
Let me tell the gentleman from California that
he vastly mistakes when ke supposes the over-
crowded state of the steamers from Now York to
California is greater than in any other part of
the world. When he shall have gone all over the
earth, when he shall have visited the Mediter-
raneartyand gone from one port to another, he
will be able to say there the steamers are crowded
three or four times over beyond what the Cali-
fornia steamers are under the present regulations.
Now, I tell the gentleman from California that
by this mode of fighting these-California steam-
ship companies he will gain nothing as the result,
"unless he can succeed in placing an additional
number of steamers on the route. The only ef-
fect will be to unite the companies for the pur-
pose of resisting this attack upon them, and in-
duce them to increase the rate of fare between
New York and California. If he could enforce
his $10,000 fine he would enhance the cost of
travel between New Yotk and California. The
proper remedy for overcrowding the steamers is
to increase the facilities of travel between the
two oceans; it is to strengthen the overland mail
route. The natural route to California is not by
steam; it is^overland; and the proper course of.
regulating this difficulty in respect to the steam-
ship company is to increase, by the cooperative
action of the Government, the facilities of-travel
;directiy across the continent. The genilentan
will not accomplish his object in this way; and
he must not exaggerate the evils undci^ winch he
labors. A growing country like California, Ore-
gon, and Washington Territory will always at-
tract a large number of immigrants, and no law
.can relieve the disadvantages of oveiciowding
>yhile s^ large a number of passengers desue to
travel over the route, unless the facilities of travel
are increased.
Mr. H1QBY. I can answer all'the gentleman
has said by stating a single fact. Itisthe city of
New York -that-he in part represents that is to
blame in this matter; let them put as good steam-
ers, as large steamers,,'with as fine accommoda-
tions on the route betweeuNew York andAspin-
wall as we have running between San Francisco
and Panama, and the whole evU'-'ig r&medicd.
The steamers running between Aspiuwall and
New York are a disgrace to tfte great city of this
continent; they are nothing but tubs, miserable,
scurvy, lousy things, in comparison with the
palaces that float on the Pacific. Thai statement
disposes f)f the whole argument. •>
Mr. WASH-BURNE, of Illinois, resumed the
floor.
Mr -DAVIS, of New York,.asked, the gentle-
man to yield to him for a moment.
Mr. "VYASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
think we ought to occupy a longer time with this
matter. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question .ordered to.be put.
Mr. WASHBUANE, of Illinois, called for
tellers on.his amendment.
Tellers weie ordered; and Messrs. Wash-
burne, of Illinois, and Brooks, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes fifty, a further count not being demanded.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNJE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to move another
amendment in line nineteen. I desire to insert the j
words " or shall knowingly make false returns of j
the list of passengers." j
There being no objection, the amendment was j
received $nd adopted. i
- Mr. ODELL. 1 want to ask the gentleman .
from Illinois a single question, with the consent !
of the House. Does this bill provide the same
penalties for carrying an .excess of passengers
provided for in the onginal law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The original
law imposed a fine for carry ing excess of-passen-
gers. ^ The object of this law, as the gentkmeefi styill
perceive, is to define, that expression, "contiguous
countries," under which th6y claim thte right to
be exempt frOrotthe operation of tfcat law. > ■■
' The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a i h ird time; and being engrossed,
was accordingly read tlve third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. '
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled^ bills of (he following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (PI. R. No. 487) to provide for the ex-
ecution of treaties between the United States and
foreign nations respecting consular jurisdiction
over the crews of vessels of such foreign nations
in the waters and ports of the United States.
An act (H. R. No. 422) to amend an act enti-
tled "A n act to confirm certain private land claims
in the Territory of New Mexico."
SEAMEN.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill regulating certain provis-
ions of law concerning seamen on board of public
and private vessels; which was read a first and
second time.
The lull piovides that so much of the act en-
titled "An act for the legularion of seamen on
board thepublicand private vessels of the United
States," approved 3d March, 1813, as makes it
-not lawful to employ oil board-'any of the public
or private vessels of the United States arty person
or persons except citizens of the United States
or persons of color, natives of the United States;
and so much of the thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, and
thirty-seventh sections of "An act concerning the
navigation of the United States,'' approved 1st
March, 1817, as concerns the crews of vessels
theiein named: and so much'of the first section
of an act entitled "An act to repeal the tonnage
duties upon ships and vessels of the United States,
and upOn certain foreign vessels,"ap'proved'3'lst
May, 18.30, as makes discrimination in favor of ves-
sels a certain proportion of whose crews shall be
citizens of theXJnited States shall be,repealed, pro-
vided that officers of vessels of the United States
shall in all cases be citizens of the United Stales.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
inglyread the third time, and passed."
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved t^at
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed,to.
r,J?UKVENTION OF SMUGGLING.
Mx. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back Senate bill Nq. 266, to .pre-
I vent smuggling,.and for other purposes, with the
following substitute:
That, from and after the passage of this act, all goods,
wares, and merchandise, and all baggage and effect* of pas-
sengers,and all othei artielesimpoited into the United dtates
irom any contiguous foreign country or countries, except
asher<'aiterpiovuied,as well as the vessels, cars, and other
vehicles and envelopes m winch theMimufhali be import-
ed, shall be unladen in the presence of and bo in&p6cted
by an inspects or other officer of the cn>tom«. at the first
poit of entry oi custom-house in the United States where
the suiiiu shall arrive ; and to enable tin- ptoper officer thor-
oughly to discharge this dirty, he may require the owner or
owners, or his, hei, or their agent, or uiher peison having
ehaige or possession of any ttunk, traveling bag or sack,
valise, or other envelope, or of any closed vessel, car, or
other vehicle, to open the tame, or to deliver to him the
proper key ; and if such owner, agent, or other pe^on shall
lefuse or neglect to comply with hi> demand, the said offi-
cer shall retain such trunk, ttavehrig bag or sack, valise,
or whatsoever it may be, and open the same, and as soon
theiealter as may be piactieable examine the contents;
and if any article ot aitielco subject tothc payment of duty
shall be found thctem, the whole contents, together with
the envelope, shall he foifeited to the United States, and
disposed ot as the law provides m othersimilar cases. And
if any such dutiable good-, article or aitielos, shall be found
in such vessel, car, oi other vehicle, the owner? agent, or
otllei person in cluuge of which sdiall have ictused toojVu
-the f.ime ot deliver the k<_y a-« herein provided, the t-ame,
together vvith the vessel, cai, or other vehicle, sua!! be for-
feited to the United States, and shall he fcfclffBy fetich
cer, to be disused of as the-Jaw provides frj'otfifer sffidif&r
cases of forfeiture* • >' \
Sec. 2. J3nd be- U farther enacted Tftat to avoid
speerion at the first port'of amV&],required by tft$0rtrt*SS£-
Hon of thitraet, tiie'oivneivft£6ntj-ma*ter, or'dwfdtfpfefcw
any such vessel, ear, or other"vehicre;W-^«eV,f ^6>y%
other person having charge of any such goods, vva'res,
chandt.xe, baggage, effects, or other jtaicles;,, mag apply to
any consular officer of the United &tate^j,4Mly^utnorized
to act in the premises^ to'sSasl'or close tfresumeifunderand
according to the regulations hereinafter author teed, pre-
vious %o, ttwlrjmpottatfon into the Um$ed.States; waich
officer shall seal or clo'se the same accordingly j .tyjieceupon
the same may proceed to their, port of destination without
further inspection: Provided, That'nothipgcontained in
tins section shall*be construed to exempt.^tfch v,essef,'car,
or vehicle, or its contents, from sue for examination as m.jy
be necessary and proper to prevent frauds ypo'ti the reve-
nue and violations ot tins act: Jliuf provided/mhcivxhat
every sueii vfcSse^'car, or otho* vchlCteshriliprocecd, with-
out unnecessary delay, to the r^rort or place of it-? d£stoik-
,tion, as named in the m&pifpst of its cargo, fr^igh^f c^on-
.tents, ami he theie Inspected, as piovuied in section one.
Sec.'3. iAnd be it. further e.nhcte 'd} IMiat the Seeietnry'tff
the Treasury be, and hVishereby1, AUtlioHtfed artd req\itr<^
tomake suchreguJanons.atid from timeiojimefcohrnhihtge
tlje sanie, as to hnn-shaU seom jiece&gji/y and proper, lot
sealing'such vessdis, cars, and other vehicles, when j)ias-
ticahle, and for sealing, marking, and4 fd6ntSmi% fefrcpi
goods, wares, merchandise, Imgaage,■effects, Irtrilks, tmVel-
ing bags oi^aeks, valises, and other envelopes d^ddifcicleaH
an.d also in regard to invoices, manifests,,and other pciti-
nent papers, and their authentication. "
Sec. 4.' Jih<l b-c it farther enacted ^ That If tl^e owners5,
ma^er, or person in charge of any>vesse1, Car, or other ve-
hicle, sealed as aforesaid, shall not proceed to die port: or
place of destination thereof named in the manifest of ifs
cargo, freight,'or contents, and deliver such vessel, car, or
vehicle to the proper officer ot the customs, or shaft dis-
pose of the same by sale or otherwise, Or shall unload th£
feaine or any part th$i eof at any pther. than suph \iot t- w
place, or shall sell or dispose, of the content* pf such ves
sel, eaivor other vehicle; drirn^ part thi^reoT, before such
deliveiy,he shall he deemed guilty of felony.-and on con-
viction thereof before anycourtof competeni jKrlsdlation,
pay a fine not exceeding $1,000, Qr shall be imp^oued |or
a term not exceeding five years, or both, at the discretion
of the court; tirid ftdch vessel, car, or other vehicle,'With
its contents, shall be forfeited to the United-Stated, and
may be seized wherevet found within the United States,
and disposed of and sold,in other cases of forfeiture:
pjowVcfi, That nothing m this section shall be consul ued
to prevent sales df cargo, in Whoico'r in part, prior to 'at--
rival, td t*eJdeJ#v«red as per>liifafiiCest and after dueinspdo-
tion. - - . f -fi -
Sec. 5. *&hdbeUfurth?r-€i\a&4dSl',l)atif'&ny unauthorized
person or persons shall vviilfuily break, cut,pick, open, or
remove any wire, seal,"lead, lock, or othfer fastening or
mark attached to any vessel, cat, or other v^hfele, cidte^
bo\, bag, bale, basket,baircl,bundle,cask, trunk,.package,
or parcel, or anything Whatsoever, under and by Virtue of
this act and regulations authorized by it or any other ac£of
Congress, or shall affix,'dr 'attach, dr in apy way "wil'li.ully
aid, assist, or encourage the affixing or attaching, by wire
or otherwise, to any vessel, car, or ortien vehicle, or.to
crat,9, box, bale, bun,el,bag, basket, huydjej C.asl^ package*
parcel, article or thing of any kihd,anv seal, Jead, (petal, oi
anything purporting to be a seal authorized by law, suc^i
person or persons shall be deemed guilty oTfelhrtyyand upbn
conviction befqre^any court of competent-jurisdiction eiiatf
be imprisoned for a term not exceeding five yearn, or s|)nii
pay a fine of not exceeding $1,000, or bpth, at t}ie discre-
tion of the court. Ande'ach vessfei, car, or'other velAcic,
crate, box, bag, basket, barrel, bundle, ean.fc,. trunk, 'pfcek-
age^ parcel, or other, tiling with the.cargo, or contents
thereof, fiom which the wire, seaj,-lead, lock, or other
fastening or mark shall have been broken, cut, picked,
opened, or removed by any such unauthorized person or
persons, or to which such seal or other thing purporting to
be a seal lias been wiongfully attached-#** aforesaid?,
be forfeited to the United States^ r,, . :<
Sec. 6. Audbeit further enacted. That tfie-ei|fJUy-secV>hd
section bf the act oflhe-Sd of Mafch, 1799,Mae amended so
as to include tif] -goods, wares,* afcchnterchaudrse ipkrtii from
any bonded warehouse and placed oh board" any .vessel for
expoitation under bond-, .
' ofec. 7. *dnd be it further tiiacted, That from and afierihe
passage of this act the perulfty for vfol^tirtg'^nyoftHeproi '
i visions_of tbe first ;section of tbe-act'entitled,"An-^tao
•fuither provide ior the collection of the revenue qppiUlW
' northern, noithoa^tern, and noithwestem fKon^er, aV^d for
I other purposes," appioved July 14, 1802, be a fine of
[ $100, and the same shall.be disposed of aiid'Applied Wi
| herein provided.for tite distribution of jine^s and yj^nities
: recovered by virtue of this act; and so much of the said
j first section as conflicts herewith ts'Hfehiby repealed.
! Sec. 8 Jlnd be it farthcf enacted, That the Secretary of
1 the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authotized to appoint,
! .whenever lie shall think it necessary, additional Inspectors
' of the revenue for the distuetiS named helow, as follows,
! to wit: Passamaquoddj, Maine, four; Pouland and Faf-
mouth, Maine, erght; liuston atrd CharJestowo, Massachu-
setts, fourteen; Pembina, Minnesota, two; Chicago, Illi-
nois, eight; MiciuUm;ickinac,;jVIichigan, two; Sandusky.,
Ohio, one; Cuyahoga, Ohio, tiuee; Erie, Pennsylvania,
one ; Dunkn k, New'York, one ; IJuff.UoCieckjNe'wjYorlc,
siv; Niagara, two; Genesee, two ; Oswego, five;°d>jrwe-
gatchie. two; Ghamplain,foui; Vermont, *'
Br.c.Q. Jlnd be it further enacted, Tin^t tj^e Seeretaryof
the Treas-uiv <liail have authornv toremi% in whole or in
pail, and upon such terms as he shall judge rfglu, the fines,
penalties, forfeituies mcwrred- or 'accruing under tho
provisions of this act or of said aetapprpve.d J.uiy 14, 1882,
if in his opinion the same shall have been incurred wi^x-
out willful negligenceV>r any Intention offraud in the per-
son or Versons' irt6^irH^fHe-samo ; and he shall have uu-
tiiontv to ascertain ike fact^uponappUcations-for remission
