1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1861
POST/. MONEY ORliEn SYSTEM.
Mr. COLLAMER. Ad I are that there ai- no
other portions to be presented, I des're to call up
a bill reported from the Committee on Po.«t Offices
and Post Roads. There are some four or five bills
relating to the Post Office Department on the Cal-
endar, and I do not see that they can ever be
reached in any other way unless I move to call
them up, I move, therefore, to dispense with all
previous orders, for the purpose of taking up
House bill No. 185, to establish a postal money
order system.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator allow the Chair to call for reports under the
rule?
Mr. COLLAMER. I hope I may he privi-
leged to get this, bill up first. I observe that when
committees are called for reports they ask for
action on them, and then 1 can get nothing in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Vermont desires the unanimous consent of
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of the
bill indicated by lnm.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection after
the bill is taken up to allow reports to be made.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. i will now yield to re-
poits upon which action is not demanded.
HEPOHTS lUtOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was icferred the petition of S.
W. Godon, a commodore m the United States
Navy, praying for i ellef from the alleged injustice
done him by placing him on the retired list, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 253) to amend the act of the
21stofDecember, 18til,entitled "An actio further
piomote the efficiency of the Navy;" which was
read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. TEN EYCK, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, who weie directed by a resolution of
the Senate to inquire into the subject, reported a
hill (S.No. 5256) to chance and define the bound-
aries of the eastern and western judicial districts
of Virginia, and to alter the nami'f) of said dis-
tricts, and for other purposes; which was read
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
one thousand additional copies of the report of
the National Academy of Sciences, have instruct-
ed me to report the same hack without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage, and I ask for
its present consultation.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 shall want to debate that
matter, and I do not wish to have it acted on now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the report cannot be considered to-day.
Mr. COLLAMER. It was distinctly under-
stood when I got up my bill that there was to be
no yction on anything else.
Mr. ANTHONY.' I will ask the Chair if I
can withdraw the report that I have just made
and present it on another day?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks so, if there, be no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then f ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to he allowed to do so.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
heais no objection, and the ivport is withdrawn.
HILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, a^d by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 254) to
provide for th** uniform draining and paving of
the streets of Washington, at theeypense of prop-
erty holders, under the direction of a Government
engineer; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumuia.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
255) in relation to the mines and minerals in the j
peolic domain; whteh was read twice by its title, i
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and !
ordered to be printed.
Mr WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
257) co increase the numbei of cadets in the Army,
and for other purposes; which was read twice by
its tnh\ referred to the Committee on Military
Allan -j and (he M ihna, and oi d"red to be limited.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained. leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 47) to appropriate $25,0i)0,00G for the sub-
sistence and pay of militia called out by the Pres-
ident; ^vhich was read twice by its title, and
referred to theCommitteeon Finance.
POSTAL MONEY OIlDMt SYSTEM.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 185) to establish a postal money order sys-
tem.
To promote public convenience and to insure
greater security in the transfer of money through
the United States mails, the bill authorizes the
Postmaster General to establish, under such rules
and regulations as he may find expedient and
necessary, a uniform money order system at ail
post offices which he may deem suitable therefor,
and which shall be designated'and known as
" money Older offices.55 It is to be the duty of the
deputy postmaster at eveiy money order office to
issue, in such manner and form as the Postmas-
ter General may prescribe, an order for a sum of
money payable by the deputy postmaster of any
other money order office which the person apply-
ing therefor may-select. The deputy postmaster
who issues such order is to be required to send
through the mails, without delay, to the deputy
postmaster on whom it is drawn, due notice
thereof, and he is not to deliver such order to the
applicant therefor until the latter shall first have
deposited with him the amount of money for
which such order is drawn, together with the
proper charge orfee therefor. It is not to be law-
ful for any deputy postmaster to issue a money
order on any other deputy postmaster without
having previously received the money therefor.
Any person violating this provision is to be deemed
guilty of misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof
is to be fined in any sum not less than fifty nor
more than five hundred dollars.
A money oider is not to be valid or payable un-
less it bo drawn on a printed or engraved form,
which is to be furnished to the money order offices
by the Postmaster General. It is to be the duty
of the latter to supply such offices also with the
blank forms of application for money orders, one
of which the deputy postmaster is to hand to each
applicant for a money order, who is to be required
to enter, or cause to be entered, therein his own
name and the name and address of the party to
whom the order is to be paid, together with the
amount thereof and the date of application. All
such applications, when filled up and delivered
to the deputy postmaster, are to be preserved on
file, at his office for such length of time as the Post-
master General may prescribe.
No money order is to be issued for any sum
less than one or more than thirty dollars; and all
persons who receive money orders are to be re-
quited to pay therefor the following charges or
fees, namely; for an order for one dollar, or for
any larger sum, but not exceeding ten dollars, a
fee of ten cents i& to be charged and exacted by
the postmaster giving such order; for cm order of
more than ten and not exceeding twenty dollars,
ihe charge is to he fifteen cents; and for every
order exceeding twenty dollars a fee of twenty
cents is to be charged.
If the purchaser of a money order, from having
made an error in statingthe name of the office of
payment, or the name of the payee, or for other
reasons, be desirous that the money order be mod-
ified orchanged,it is to be the duty of the deputy
postmastei from whom ho received it to take back,
at his request, the first order, and issue another
in lieu thereof, for which a new fee is to be charged
and exacted; and it is also to he the duty of a
deputy postmaster to repay the amount of any
money order to the person who obtained it, if the
latter apply for such repayment and return the
money order; but the charge or fee paid therefor
is not in any case to be refunded.
If any money order be not presented to the dep-
uty postmaster on whom it isdiawn within ninety
days after its date, it is not to be valid or payable;
bat the Postmaster General is authorized, on ap-
plication of the payee of such money order, to
cause a new order in lieu thereof to be issued in
ins favor, for which a second fee is fo be exacted.
The Postmaster General is further authorized,
whenever a money order shall have been lost, to
c-iuse a duplicate theieof to be issued, for which .
a second fee is to be paid on application of the re-
mitter or of the payee of such' order, provided the
party losing the original shall furnish a statement,
under oath or affirmation, setting forth the loss or
destruction thereof, and a certificate from the post-
master by whom it was payable that' it had' not
been paid, and that it would not thereafter be
paid.
The payee of a money order may, by his written
indorsement thereon, direct it to*be paid to any
other person, and it is to be^the duty of the deputy
postmaster on whom it is ordered to pay the
amount thereof to the person thus designated, pro-
vided the person to whom the money order is in-
dorsed shall furnish such proof as the Postmaster
General may require that the written indorsement
is genuine, and that he is the person thereby em-
powered to receive payment of the order; but such
second person is not to be at liberty to indorse the*
same order to a third party, and more than one
indorsement will render any order invalid and
not payable; and the holder thereof, in order to
obtain the amountof the order, is to be required
to apply in writing to the Postmaster General for
a new order in lieu thereof, for which new order
a second fee is to be charged; butin all cases under
this section the original order is to be returned,
and such proof is to be made of the genuineness
of the indorsement thereon as the Postmaster Gen-
eral may require.
Deputy postmasters, at money order offices,
may be allowed by the Postmaster General, as a
compensation for the issuing and paying ofmoney
orders, not exceeding one third of the whole
amount of fees on money orders issued, and, at
the option of the Postmaster General, one eighth
of one per cent, on the gross amountof orders
paid at their offices; but all emoluments arising
from such rates of compensation are to be sub-
ject to the provisions of the forty-first section of
the act of March 3, 1825, entitled "An act to
reduce into one the several acts establishing the
Post Office Department."
It is to be the duty of the Postmaster General
to require all postmasters who may be authoiized
to issue and pay money orders to execute new
official bonds conditioned for the faithful per-
formance of all duties and obligations imposed
by this act, in addition to those required of them
by existing laws as postmasters ; and it is to be
the duty of the Postmaster General to direct all
payments or transfers to or from money order
offices. He may direct transfers of money order
funds from one postmaster to another, and he
may require and dircct transfers or payments to
be made from the funds received for money orders
to creditors of the Post Office Department, to be
replaced by equivalent transfers from the funds
of the Department arising from postages. It is
to be the further duty of the Postmaster General
to require each postmaster to render to the Aud-
itor of the Treasury for the Post Office Depart-
ment weekly, semi-weekly, or daily accounts of
all money orders issued and paid, and of all fees
received for issuing them, of all transfers, or
payments made from funds received for money
orders, and of all moneys received to be applied
to the payment of money orders, or on account
of money order offices.
It is to be the duty of the Auditor of the Treas-
ury for the Post Office Department to receive all
accounts arising in the money order offices, or
relative thereto, and to audit and settle the same,
and to certify their balances to the Postmaster
General as often as he may require. He is to
keep and preserve all accounts arising in the
offices, and report to the Postmaster General all
delinquencies of postmasters in rendering their
money order accounts, or in paying over money
order funds. He is to keep the accounts of the
money order offices separately from the accounts
for postages, and in such manner as to show the
number and amount of money orders issued by
each postmaster, and the number and amount of
money orders paid, the amount of fees received,
and all the expanses of the establishment. It is
jo be the further duty of the Auditor to superin-
tend the collection of all debts due to the United
States, or to the Post Office Department, by
present or late postmasters, or other persons, who
are, or may have been, employed in the aioney
order offices. He is to direct suits and legal pro-
ceedings, and take all such measures as may be
authorized by law to enforce the payment of such
