2838
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
under this act in, «uch manner and under Mich regulations
as shall be by him prescribed. And all fines, penalties,
and forfeitures recovered by virtue of tills act shall, after
deducting all proper costs and charges, be disposed of and
applied as provided in the ninety-first section of the act
entitled li An act to regulate the collection of dutleson im-
ports and tonnage," approved on the 2d of March, in the
year 1789.
The substitute was adopted.
Mr. ELIOT. I propose to call for the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment. , 1 , ,
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly.*'
v Mr. BROOKS. 1 suppose, Mr. Speaker, it is
necessary that this law should be passed. It
makes another country of the United States. A
stranger now comes to a different country from
that we had a few yearpago. The tariff bills and
the internal revenue laws we have passed, I sup-
pose render it a dire necessity to which we must
submit with all European nations.
But I desire to call the attention of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] to tho pro-
vision for the increase of the number of officers.
J want to know whether thp committee has in-
quired whether they are necessary, f suppose
they are, or he would not introduce the provision.
It provides for sixty additional inspectors of the
revenue. We have provided in the tariff bill for
additional officers. We have provided in the in-
ternal revenue law for additional officers. I wish
to know whether these are necessary in addition
to those provided in other bills. I also wish the
gentleman to inform me what is to be tho salary
of these offictra, for it does not seem to bo fixed
in the hill.
Mr. ELIOT. I will r^ply to the last question
put byihe gentleman from New York. Thecom-
pensntion to be paid will be that fixed by law for
inspectors of this class, which, I think, is $2 50
per day.
In reply to the other question which he has
propounded, 1 will say thatithasbeen ascertained
to be necessary to provide for these additional
officers. How ninny will be necessary it is not
possible to soy now. Hence the provision leaves
it discretionary with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to make the appointments when they are
needed.
As the gentleman has saidt tho necessities of
tho time demand this legislation.
Mr, WASHBURNE", of'Illinois. I desire to
pay that 1 cannot consent underany circumstances
to any increase of offices except, upon the show-
ing of an absolute necessity. When the bill was
#rat sent.to the Committee on Commerce, 1 was
opposed to it upon the ground that it created new
offices and increased the salaries of officers al road y
existing. But upon an examination of the ques-
tion, and ascertaining the immense amount of
smuggling going on, and frauds upon the reve-
nue, amourtung to hundreds of thousands, yes,
million? of dollars, 1 was constrained to give my
consent to the reporting of this bill. 1 think it is
demanded imperatively by the Treasury in order
to prevent smuggling. 1 '' •
Mr. ELIdr. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the substitute was ordered to be
- engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FOREIGN COASTING TRADE.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass, an act (S. No. 223) to regulate the for-
eign and coasting trade of the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers of the United
States, and for other purposes.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLM AN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts as to the effect of'this
bill. Does it inciease or diminish the salaries of
the officers mentioned in it?
Mr. ELIOT. It does not bear upon any offi-
cers except the collectors of the customs. It reg-
ulates the collection of the customs .on the north-
ern, northeasternvand northwestern frontiers,and
repeals the act of March, 1831, under which the
mode of compensating those officers isascertained.
It is a very crude and uncertain mode, and pro-
vides that" in lieu of fees now allowed by law,
collectors shall receive annually, in full compen-
sation for services, an amount equal to the com-
pensation received by the officer during the last
year;" th«%t is, 1830. And there is no way now
of ascertain!^ the compenaaucmof those collect-
ors except by referring back to,the statistics of
1830, and determining from them the amount.
Since that time the changes have been so great
that confusion has been occasioned, and' it is al-
most impossible now to determine what the com-
pensation is. The effect of this law will be to
enlarge the amount received in some cases, and
in other cases it will not enlarge it. The salaries
will all be made uuiform, and the collectors upon
the northern, northeastern,and northwestern fron-
tiers will be put upon the same footing with the
collectors who are upon the Atlantic coast; I de-
mand the pievious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL BEASTON.
Mr. O'NEILL, ofPennsylvama, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill for the relief
ofSamuel Beaston, master of the schooner George
Harris; which was read a fiist and second time
by its title.
The bill appropriates $500 to reimburse Sam-
uel Beaston for a fine of $500 collected from him
as master of the schooner George Harris by the
collector of the port of New Orleans on the 16th
of August, 1858.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there a report accompany-
ing this bill ?
Mr. O'NEILL,ofPennsylvania. I have some
papers which I desire to have the Clerk read. I
ask the Clerk to read a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, which states the facts in the case.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Treasury Department, January 25,1862.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 24th instant, inquiring on behalt of the Com-
mitiee on Commerce into the propriety of refunding to
Captain Samuel Beaton a fine of $500 imposed upon him
by the collector of customs at New Orleans, on the J6th
of August,1858, and paid by him under pi< t<M.
It app< nis from the papers on fi!<; in tins office that, on
the 16th of Augunt, lbott, a fine of£j>o00 was imposed on Cap-
tain Samuel Beaston of the schooner George JIarns for a vi-
olation of the fiftj-severith section of thy general collection
act of March 2, 1709, in not having on board the said ves-
sel one hundred bundles, containing twenty-five thou&aud
cigaia, called for by the manliest.
Qn a summary examination before the judge of the Uni-
ted States district court for the eastern district of Louisiana,
it appeared that the entry of the cigars in question on the
manifest was made in "emu by the shippers, the cigais
having been refused on board for want of room.
On this showing, my predecessor issued a wan ant of re-
mission on the 3d of January, I8o9. The warrant was can-
celed, It appearing from the report of the collector at New
Orleans that the fine of $500 had been paid into the Treas-
ury before the said wariant was issued-
I Inclose copies ofall the papeia in ihe case.
X am, very respectfully, S. P. CTTASE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. John P. Nixon, of the Committee on Commerce,
Home of Representatives.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and parsed.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
K, F. AND SAMUEL A. WOOD.
The next business in order was the considera-
tion of joint resolution of the House (No. 85)
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
repealing an act for the relief of E.F. and Sam-
uel A. Wood.
The resolution was read. It provides for the
repeal of the act for the relief of E. F. and Sam-
uel A. Wood, authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue duplicate bonds-of the United
States for the Oregon war debt, amounting in the
aggregate to $7,350, claimed to have been lost,
approved March.28,1864.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. HALE. I have some papers relating to
this claim which 1 wish to submit to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
1 think he will not then press the consideration
of the resolution. I ask that it beipostponed until
he can examine those papers.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois.' 1 would-ask
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, who reported this bill, what the facts are
in this case.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have received a communi-
cation .from the Register of the Treasury, which
I will send to the Clerk's desk to be read pres-
ently. It seems that these bonds were in the mail
on board the Golden Gate when she was sunk.
It appears from the letter of the Register that the
mails-have all been recovered from that vessel,
and that several bonds which were known to be
in the same mail as these have made their appear-
ance. I will ask now for the reading of the letter
of the Register together with a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, May 24, 1864.
Sir: I have the honor of herewith transmitting copy of
a communication from the Register of the Treasury, dated
20th instant, relative to a recent enactment of Congress
for the relief ofE. F. and Samuel A. Wood, by which the
Secretary of the Treasury is directed to issue dupllcatesof
certain Oregon bonds totheamountof$7,350. with coupons
attached.
Your attention is respectfully invited to the statements
of the Register, in order to such further action in the prem-
ises as you may think proper.
With great respect, S. P. CHASE,
Secretary of the Treasury,.
Hon. T. Stevens, Chairman Committee of Ways and
Meani) United States House of Representatives.
Treasury Department,
Register's Office, May 20, 1864.
Sir: Congress has passed at the present session a bill
for the relief of E. F. and Samuel A. Wood. It diiects you
to issue duplicates of ceitain Oregon bonds, amounting iu
all to $7,350, with coupons attached. The act does not
state upon its face any reason tor its parage ; but I un-
derstand it is claimed that the original bonds were deposited
in the mail which was sent by the steamer Golden Gate,
which steamer was sunk on her pass-age, and that the bonds
so sent had never been reeeived by the parties to whom
they were addressed.
This Depaitmenthas already paid a considerable number
of Oiegon bonds which were sent in the same mail and
upon the same steamer, and the evidence is on file in this
bureau establishing beyond question the fact that said mail
has been recovered. I thinfc there can be no doubt that
the original bonds are still in existence and outstanding as
obligations against the Government. And it seems scarcely
probable that Congress would have passed the act referred
to if they had been aware of the existence in. this Depart-
ment of such evidence.
I addiess you this note in order that, if you think proper,
the attention of Congress may be called to the subject.
1 am, very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
L. E. CHITTENDEN,
Register.
Hon. S. P. Chase, Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. STEVENS. I will now hear anything
my colleague has to say.
Mr. HALE. I have in the first place an affi-
davit of Mr. E. P. Wood, who is part owner of
these bonds. He besides in Boston, while his part-
ner1 resides in California. Since the introduction
of this resolution repealing the former law Mr.
Wood, of Boston, who is a very respectable mer-
chant in thatcity, has filed an affidavit that he has
nevef^received or-heard of the recovery of any of
the bonds lost m the Golden Gate, and his agent
in New York, to whom they were addressed, also
swears that they have never been received. I have
also a certificate from gentlemen in Boston in re-
gard to the respectability of Mr. Wood, to which
I call the attention of my friend from Boston,
[Mr. Rice.] I have, then, the statement of Mr.
Chittenden, that these bonds have never been re-
ceived or heard of, and also the statement of the
chief clerk of the Treasury Department, that a
satisfactory bond has been filed by Mr. Wood
amply sufficient to cover any loss the Treasury
could sustain in consequence of the reissue of
these bonds. I ask for the reading of Mr. Chit-
tenden's letter.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department,
Register's Office, June 9, 1864.
Sir: Your letter of this date, inquiring whether this De-
partment is in possession of evidence showing that certain
bonds ot the United States alleged to have been lost on
the steamer Golden Gate, and said to have belonged to E.
F. Wood & Co., have beou received, is received.
