234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 30,
38th Ccwg....ISt Sess.
Laws of the United States.
this act to the contrary notwithstanding: And
provided further, That any certificate of draw-
back for goods exported, issued in pursuance of
the provisions of law, may, under such regula-
tions as may be prescribed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, be received by the collector or his
deputy in payment of duties Under this act. And
the Secretary of the Treasury may make such
regulations with regard to the form of said cer-
tificates and the issuing thereof as, in his judg-
ment, may be necessary: And provided further,
Thdt in computing the allowance or drawback
upon articles manufactured exclusively of cotton,
when exported, there shall be allowed, in addi-
tion to the five per centum duty which shall have
been paid on such articles, a drawback of two
cents per pound upon such articles, in all cases
where the duty imposed by law upon the cotton
used in the manufacture thereof has been pre-
viously paid; the amount of said allowance to be
ascertained in such manner as may be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 172. And be it further enacted, Thatifany
person or persons shall fraudulently claim or seek
to obtain an allowance or drawback on goods,
wares, or merchandise, on which no internal duty
shall have been paid, or shall fraudulently claim
any greaterallowance or drawback than the duty
actually paid, as aforesaid, such person'or per-
sons shall forfeit triple the amount wrongfully or
fraudulently claimed, or sought to be obtained, or
the sum of five hundred dollars, at the election of
the-Secretary of the Treasury, to be recovered as
in other cases of forfeiture provided for in the
general provisions of this act.
Sec. 173. And be it further:enacted, That the
following acts of Congress are hereby repealed,
to wit: The act of July first eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, entitled "An act to provide inter-
nal revenue to suppoit the Government and to
pay interest on the public debt," except the one
hundred and fifteenth and one hundred and nine-
teenth sections thereof; anil excepting, further,
all-provisions of said act which create the offices
of Commissioner of Internal Revenue, assessor,
assistantassessor, collector, deputy collector, and
inspector, and provide for the appointment and
qualification of said officers. Also, the act of
July sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
entitled " An act to impose an additional duty oil
sugars produced m the United States." Also,
the act of December twenty-fifth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, entitled " An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Governmentand to pay inter-
est on the public debt,'approved July first, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two." Also, the act of
March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
entitled " An act to amend an act entitled ' An act
to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment and to pay interest oil the public debt,'
approved July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, and for other purposes," excepting the pro-
visions of said act which create the offices of
deputy commissioner and cashier of internal
duties and revenue agents, and provide for the
appointment and qualification of said oiKcers.
Also, the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth sections
of the act of July fourteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, entitled "An act increasing tem-
porarily the duties on imports, and for other
purposes." Also, the second section of the act of
March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
entitled " An act to prevent and punish frauds
upon the revenue, to provide for the more certain
and speedy collection of claims in favor of the
United States,and for other purposes," so far as
the same applies to officers of internal revenue.
And, also, the act of March seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, entitled " An act to in-
crease the internal icvonue, and for other pur-
poses," together with all acts and parts of acts
inconsistent herewith: Provided, That all the pro-
visions of said acts shall be m force for levying
and collecting ail taxes, duties, and licenses, prop-
erly assessed or liable to be assessed, or acciuiug
under the provisions offorraeracts, or drawbacks,
the right to which has already acciued, or which
may hereafter accrue, under said acts, and for
maintaining and continuing hens, fines, penalties,
and forfeitures incurred under and by virtue
thereof. And for carrying out and completing all
proceedings which have been already commenced,
or that may be commenced, to enforce such fines,
penalties, and forfeitures, or criminal proceedings
under said acts, and for the punishment of crimes
of which any party shall be or has been found
guilty: And provided further, That no office cre-
ated by the said acts, and continued by this act,
shall be vacated by reason ofany provisions herein
contained, but the officers heretofore appointed
shall continue to hold the said offices without reap-
pointment: Andprovided further, That whenever
the duty .imposed by any existing law shall cease
in consequence of any limitation therein contained
before the respective provisions of this act shall
take effect, the same duty shall be, and is hereby,
continued until such provisions of this act shall
take effect; and when any act is hereby repealed,
no duty imposed thereby shall be held to cease,
in consequence of such repeal, until the respect-
ive corresponding provisions of this act shall
take effect: And provided further, That all man-
ufactures and productions on which a duty was
imposed by either of the acts repealed by this
act, which shall be in possession of the manufac-
turer or producer, or of his agent or agents, on
the day when this act takes effect, the duty im-
posed by any such former act not having been
paid, shall be held and deemed to have been man-
ufactured or produced after said date; and when-
ever by the terms of this act a duty is imposed
upon any articles, goods, wares, or merchandise
manufactured or produced, upon which no duty
was imposed by eitherof said former acts, it shall
apply to such as were manufactured or produced,
and not removed from the place of manufacture
or production, on the day when this act takes
effect: And provided farther, That no direct tax
whatsoever shall be assessed or collected under
this or any other act of Congress heretofore
passed, until Congress shall enact another law
requiring such assessment and collection to be
made; but this shall not be construed to repeal or
postpone the assessment or collection of the first
direct tax levied, or which should be levied, under
the act entitled " An act to provide increased rev-
enue from imports to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes," approved August
fifth,eighteen hundred and sixty-one, nor inany
way to affect the legality of said lax or crany pro-
cess or remedy provided in said acts, or any
other acts, for the enforcement or collection of the
same in any State or States and Territories and
the Distiict of Columbia; but said first tax, and
any such process or remedy, shall continue in all
respects in force, anything m this act to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Sec. 174. And be it further enacted. That the said
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, is
authorized to make all such regulations, not other-
wise provided for, as may become necessary by
reason of the alteration of the laws in relation to
internal revenue, by virtue of this act.
Sec. 175. And be it farther enacted, That the
one hundred and nineteenth section of an act enti-
tled " An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government and to pay interest on the
public debt," approved July first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, shall remain in full force.
Sec. 170. And^beit further enacted, That when
any tax or duty is imposed by law, and the mode
or time of assessment or collection is not therein
provided, the same shall be established by regu-
lation of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 177. And be it further enacted, That every
collector to whom any duty upon cotton shall be
paid shall mark the bales or other packages upon
which the duty shall have been paid, in such
manner as may clearly indicate the payment
thereof, and shall give to the owner, or other per-
son having charge of such cotton, a permit for
the removal of the same, stating therein the amount
and payment of [the] duty, the time and place of
payment, the weight and marks upon the bales
and packages, so that the same may be fully
identified. Whenever any cotton, the product
of the United States, shall arrive at any port of
the United Statesi'rom any State in insurrection
against the Government, the assessor or assistant
assessor shall immediately assess the taxes due
thereon, and shall, without delay, return the same
to the collector or deputy collector of said district,
and the said collector or deputy collector shall
demand of the owner or other person having
charge of such cotton the tax imposed by this act,
and assessed thereon, unless evidence of previous
payment of such tax shall be produced, under
such regulations as the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, by the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, shall from time to time presciibe;
and in case the tax so assessed shall not be paid
to such collector within ten days after demand,
the collector or deputy collector, as aforesaid,
shall institute proceedings for the recovery of the
tax, as hereinbefore provided, which said tax
shall be a lien upon said cotton from the time
when said assessment shall be made: Provided,
That all cotton sold by, or on account of, the
Government of the United States shall be free and
exempt from duty at the time of and after the
sale thereof, and the same shall be marked free,
and the purchaser furnished with such a bill of
sale as shall clearly and accurately describe the
same, which shall be deemed and taken to be a
permit authorizing the sale or removal thereof.
Sec. 178. And be it farther enacted. That con-
suls of foreign countries in the United States,
who are not citizens thereof, shall be, and here-
by are, exempt from anyincome tax imposed by
this act which may be derived from their official
emoluments, or from property in such countries:
Provided,That the Governments which such con-
suls may represent shall extend similar exemp-
tion to consuls of the United States.
Sec. 179. Andbe it further enacted, That, where
it is not otherwise provided for in this act, it shall
be the duty of the collectors, in their respective
districts, and they are hereby authorized, to pros-
ecute for the recovery of any sum or sums that
may be forfeited by virtue of this act; and all
fines, penalties, and forfeitures which may be
imposed or incurred by virtue of this act shall
and may be sued for and recovered, where not
otherwise herein provided, m the name of the
United States, in any proper form of action, or
by any appropriate form of proceeding, before any
circuit or district court of the United States for
the district within which said fine, penalty, or for-
feiture may have been incurred, or before any court
of competent jurisdiction; and where not other-
wise herein provided for, one moiety shall be to
the use of the person who, if a collector or deputy
collector, shall first inform of the cause, matter,
or thing whereby any such fine, penalty, or for-
feiture shall have been incurred, and the other
moiety to the use of the United States. And the
several circuit and district courts of the United
States shall have jurisdiction of all offensesagoinst
any of the provisions of this act committed withm
their several districts.
Sec. 180. And be it further enacted, That if any
person liable and required to pay any tax upon
any article, goods, wares, merchandise, or man-
ufactures, as herein provided, shall sell, or cause
or allow the same to be sold, before the tax lo
which such article, goods, wares, merchandise,
or manufacture is legally liable, is paid, with in-
tent to avoid such tax, or in fraud of the revenue
herein provided, any debt contracted in the sale
of such article, goods, wares, merchandise, or
manufactures, or any security given therefor,
unless the same shall have been bona fide trans-
ferred to the hands of an innocent holder, shall
be entirely void, and the collection thereof shall
not be enforced in any court. And if any such
article, goods, wares merchandise, or manufac-
ture has been paid for, in whole or in part, the
sum so paid shall be deemed forfeited, and any
person who will sue for the same in an action of
debt shall recover of the seller the amount so paid,
one half to his own use, and the other halt' to the
use of the United States.
Sec. 181. And be it farther enacted, That four
hundred thousand dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary for the payment of the ex-
penses incident to carrying into effect the various
acts connected with internal revenue which are or
may be authorized and payable after the first of
July, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, is hereby
appropriated for that purpose, payable out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury. And it shall
