THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
February 25.
vantage.in passing the bill as it is reported by the
Committee on Naval Affairs, unless it be to prove
the truth of that passage of Scripture which de-
clares that the first shall be last and the last shall
befirst. What will be the operation of it? The
first clause of it says that hereafter all appoint-
ments that may be made shall be sent to the Sen-
ate and be confirmed. That nobody has any ob-
jection to. That is what the Senate agreed to a
year ago, that all appointments made after that
time-should he sent here for confirmation. It then
goes on and says that all the appointments that
have hitherto been made shall cease and determine
within sixty days from the time of the arrival in
any American port of the ship on which the ap-
?ointee now is, unless he shall be confirmed; and
believe, e.ven that latter provision is not in the
bill. The result will be that the men who are
now on our foreign stations, or in our ships on
our coast coming in after we adjourn and not
being confirmed by the Senate, will cease to hold
office, and they will take rank on the Register be-
hind those who will be confirmed by us before we
adjourn at this session of Congress. That can-
not be the purpose of Congress; that certainly is
not the intention of the Naval Committee; that, I
apprehend, would work as a great hardship upon
the persons who were first appointed and who
have been serving so for the last two and a half
or three years.
Mr. HALE. I have no feeling ,pn this sub-
ject 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pardon the Chair. It is now past the morning
hour, and it becomes the duty of the Chair to call
up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. HALE. I move that the consideration of
this bill be continued for the present. Let the
unfinished business of yestorday be passed over
informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be done
if there be no objection. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. HALE. I will only make a statement to
the Senate of the reason that governed the com-
mittee. As was said by the Senator from Iowa,
the same proposition was presented last year.
There are now upon the list 72 lieutenants, 485
masters, 395 ensigns, 764 masters' mates, 138 as-
sistant surgeons, 21 engineers, 111 first assistant
engineers, 1G2 second assistant engineers, 390
third assistant engineeis, 31 gunners, 1G carpen-
ters, and 219 assistant paymasters, receiving an
aggregate compensation of nearly three million
dollars annually, who have been appointed in the
naval service without any confirmation by the
Senate. These gentlemen, who are now holding
office, were appointed under this condition:
" That the temporary appointments made m which may
lie made by the Secretary of the Navy, of acting lieuten-
ants, acting paymasters, acting assistant sumcons, acuii!i
masters, and mastoid' mates, are hereby ratified and eon-
fumed us tcinpoiary acting appointments until tin; velum
of the vessels in which they are respectively I'fllployed, or
until the suppression of the picM'iu insurrection, as may
be deemed noce^saiy; and the rate of compensation al-
lowed the several giadcs specified is hereby legalized and
approved."
There will be no difficulty such as is suggested
by the Senator from Iowa, because this bill sim-
ply carries out the provisions-of the act under
which they were appointed.
Mr. GRIMES. It only carries out the first
part, not the latter part. The latter part says
they shall hold office until the suppression of the
insurrection.
Mr. HALE. Tliey shall hold " until the re
turn of the vessels in which they are respectively
employed, or until the suppression of the present
insurrection, as may be deemed necessary."
Mr. GRIMES. You do not put that last
clause in your bill—that which relates to the
suppiession of the rebellion.
Mr. HALE. 1 do not.
Mr. GIMMES. Then there is no parallel.
Mr. HALE. What the committee thought
was that there would be no sort of difficulty in
requiting the Secretaiy to send these appoint-
ments with the other appointments to the Senate
upon the return of the vessels in whicifthcse offi-
cers are now acting.
Mr. GRIMES. Then they will go below the
otheis on the Register.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Iowa knows
very well that it is competent for the Secretary—
and he frequently does it—to have them take rank
back to the time of their first appointment. We
have a nomination pending before the Senate at
this moment of a commodore, nominated for con-
firmation, to take rank in July, 1862; and ifowill
be perfectly competent to take -care of that point.
I have no feeling about it. If the Senate think
the appointment of these officers ought to be con-
fided to the Secretary of the Navy without the
confirmation of the Senate I have no objection,
but I think it is wrong.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no feelingabout it either;
and by moving to strike out this latter clause I
am not deciding, and I do not intend to indicate
any opinion, as to whether the nominations of
these men ought to be sent here for confirmation
or not. I am willing to go for the first clause of
this bill, which requires that in the future they
shall be sent here; but that is not the purpose of
the bill, or rather it will not be the working, the
practical operation, of the bill.
The first clause says that hereafter all ap-
pointments in the volunteer naval service of the
United States shall be submitted to the Senate for
confirmation, in the same way and manner as ap-
pointments in the regular Navy are required to
be." To that I do not object. I suppose nobody is
going to object to that. I am perfectly content to
sit here and pass on all these nominations—on the
nominations of warrant officers, if you please, of
acting masters, although it is something that has
never been done before and never thought of be-
fore.
But then the bill goes on and says that " all
such appointments hitherto made shall cease and
determine at the expiration of sixty days fiom
the return of the vessels in which those holding
them are respectively employed." Itabsolutely
discontinues them, absolutely turns them out.
It does not say that they may be continued until
the next meeting of the Senate. As I said when
I first rose, it makes them the last men on the
Register, it puts forward young men who have
gone into the service latterly, and whom we shall
confirm during this session of Congress, and it
puts at the foot of the list men who have, been
two years or two years and a half in the service.
It seems to me that a harder, a severer blow could
not be struck at the volunteer naval service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendmentof the Senator from Iowa to strike
out the words which have been read.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of the
bill as it now stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Bail cnactcd, «Vc., Tliatheieafter all appointments in the
volunteer naval service of the United States shall tie sub-
mitted lo the Penate for continuation in thesame way and
manner as appointments in the regular Navy are required
to he.
Mr. COLLAMER. I apprehend that in the
drawing of this bill the first part was drawn with
a view to the latter part being kept in, that those
who had been heretofore appointed should be re-
ported here ami acted upon with the new appoint-
ments. Now, with the latter part struck out, all
the appointments heretofore made will remain
without being acted on by the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is intended to be so
Mr. COLLAMER. If that is the intention, I
have nothing to say.
Mr. HALE. That was not the intention of
the committee; but the committee submit to the
Senate. The Senate have so ruled, and it is not
for us to say that the Senate have not done wisely.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the chairman of the
Naval Committee if he has considered whether
if this bill shall be passed, the President will be
at liberty to make an appointment during the re
cess of the Senate?
Mr. HALE. Just precisely as in the regular
Navy. The action in the regular Navy is made
the measure of action in the volunteer Navy in
express terms.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, arid was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ison
the passage of the bill.
Mr. G RIMES. Is it too late to amend the bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not amend-
able without reconsidering the last vote.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to reconsider, in order
to bring the bill back to the stage where it is
amendable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now
before the Senate, and open to amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to amend the bill
by inserting as anew section:
Jlni beit further enacted, That courts-martial shall have
power to sentence officers, who shall absent themselves
from their commands without ieave, to be reduced to tile
ranks to serve three years or during the war.
This is an exact transcript of the law as it now
stands in regard to the Army, and I am told by
officers of the Army that it has had a most bene-
ficial effect. I have offered it here at the instance
of gentlemen who feel an interest in the Navy,
and seem to think it will have a beneficial effect
there.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Let the bill be read as amended.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. HALE. I ask the Senator from Iowa if
he does not want to add something to show that
the last section applies to officers of the Navy.
Mr. GRIMES. The word "ranks" is im-
properly used there; but I hardly know what to
substitute for it.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the last section
by inserting the word " naval" before the word
" courts-martial."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I moveto amend that"section
by striking out the word " ranks" and inserting
" rating of ordinary seamen."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
will be made, if there be no objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended by adding the words " and
to courts-martial."
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States,by Mi-.Nicolat, his Secretary,announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 24th instant, the following bill and joint res-
olution:
A bill (S. No. 36) to amend an act entitled "An
act for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes," approved March
3, 1863; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 27) relative to the
transfer of persons in the military service to the
naval service.
EXCLUSION OP COLORED PERSONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate joint reso-
lution No. 23 now comes up as the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senate proceeds
with the consideration of that resolution, with the
permission of my colleague I desire to move a re-
consideration of the vote of yesterday accepting
the report of the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, to the effect that no legislation was needed
in order to secure to colored citizens their rights
in the lailways of the District of Columbia. I
make the motion to reconsider merely that I may
call the attention of the chairman of the com-
mittee to that report, and ask hinij-he reason on
which it is founded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Chair will entertain the motion. The
Chair hears none. The question is on reconsider-
ing the vote by which the Senate discharged the
Committee on the District of Columbia from the
consideration of the subject alluded to.
Mr. GRIMES. I think it is unnecessary to
reconsider that vote in order to bring the matter
again before the Committee on the District of
Columbia and before the Senate, for this reason:
when it was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia the subject was taken under
consideration in a very full meeting of the com-
mittee, and the charter of the company whose
servants are said to have perpetrated the outrage
upon the colored surgeon in the United States
Army was thoroughly examined, and the conclu-
sion reached—1 believe I am correct in saying
