1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1863
swers no purpose This indorsement niciy be j
put on wi'n perfect impunity by anybody, his, i
therefore, e.^uiuica gieatdeai of embarrassment, :
and furnishes no ^cunty, and we have be^n uii- !
able to perceive the necessity of continuing it. j
It is true that rhe head of tlic Post Office De-
partment in drawing the bill to rffect the object
still thought wc had better have the words " offi-
cial business" put on, but not to require it to be
signed. What sort of security is that? It would
create pretty much 'he same embarrassment.
Those who sent.official papers would not under-
stand the words to ho puton, and if they put them
on and did not si  n them it would beutterly use-
less to put them on at all. The committee, there-
fore, were of opinion that they ought nor to re-
quire "official business'5 to be written on any more
than the name. [ do not know that the Senator
from New Hampshire now understands m*\
Mr. HALE. Y< s, I do.
Mr.COLL-UlER. When they send outthur
papers tlfiv is nothing to limit the weight.
Mr. HALE, i move to amend the bill, af'an*
the word " communications" in the t hfrd line, by
inserting the wouh* " relating to the official iu^i-
ness of the Department to which they are ad-
dressed;5' so that it will rend:
That nil connmu'ieanon ichuiii: to the official btHnrse
of the OcfMi hneni to \\ luc'i teet mi* iitldtoM'd, of what
e\c) ou'gut, &e.
Mr. COLLA M ER. i really desire to know
how anybody 'nit ;eil ;n the po.st t<ifice whether
it ivlat-'s to olio w\ '.m • hi' ss or not.
Mr. CO.VNKSS. h j- n matter of conscience.
Mr. L-OLLAlYJER l ut :t not the pogt-
mas'er's coum-i tu'i-.
Mr. HALL. It !. ,id> k, on the officer who
g'-uds them, and i tiiuiK tin. re might be a pro-
vision that if anybody rshould take ad van t aire of
that and send things tnal were not official he
should he pum -died.
Mr. COLLAMER. Un! tin* gentleman will
1 ia*■ *; to pi n't <-f l( xvi-Win or that kind; we have
nothing bke !* now.
Mr HALL. I d.-> iv-t think the nmendm.-'tit
will do any Iv-iM-i. Thee v. ill be some men who
will have cnib! kmm1  'ii<nujh to observe it.
The amendment we,.* agreed to.
The bill was oi d.'i ed (si be engrossc d fot a Ihu d
reading, was read ihe thud turn*, and passed.
UAiiLILLE DOBLE.
Mr. COLL4 \i ER. There jm nnfidiPi' little1 hill
from f he PostOfri 'e Committee which is nt charge
of the Senator hmn Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey]
that requires- action.
Mi. RAMfcEV\ It is the joint resolution (S.
No. 40) Jot the r**]i? i of Catlish' Dobie.
\h . DOOLLTTLE. I Wo-S. to suggest thu? the
j oi i11 i's dMi<>n t:i rri.ito,! to ihe .State of Wis-
consin oimi s up a; one >>5, lock as the unfinished
b!'sui^s^ of yesti *day.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the .Senator will «ive 'h
rhe i esid ne of t he tnonung iumi, v, e < an past, th is
lath- r^olution. There aie three minuiiS yet
left of the morning hour.
Tin* motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 40) f«>r t!ie relief of Cai lisle Doble
was te.ul the second time, ami considered as m
Committee of tin1 Whole. It proposes to au-
thorize the Posuxiasiet Geneud to examine and
udjusst the claim of Cathvh- Doble for cnirynig
the mails b< t ween Taylor's Falls, M innexota, and
Supenot, Wisconsin, fiom Apiii to Novembei,
1857, and lo pay such sum of money as shall be
found to be justly and equitably due.
Th^ joint t ^solution % us repot ted to the Sen at",
and oidcred to br- engrossed ror a third leading:
and it was r:ad the thud time,  nd passed.
CLAIMS OF WISCONSIN.
The Pi? EvS[DL.\T/))'i9 tempore. It becomes the
duty of tiie Chair i<  cad up the unfinished busi-
ness of yesuu day a. tins hour, being mo joint res-
olution for She ie 11ei of the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITxLE. That joint resolution
conns up new as the unfinished business of yes-
terday; out the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fls-
SENDEXj informs use that iit expects to take up
the bank biil to-day. It is not desirable to antag-
onize tins with the tuk'nc; up of that great tneaa-
uie, and theieioie. at his NUijgesnnn,on consult-
ation with my eolh.o'ue, it is thought i;est to
move to postpone tins ]oii't resolution to some
futuic day; and perhaps hx it in the morning hour!
It is iivjt material what day i« tunned; and I will,
if there is no objection, name Friday at half past
twelve o'clock.
Mr. POVJEROY. Why not to-morrow ?
Mr. DOOLiTTLK. I am willing to say to-
morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDliN. I think it had better be
fixed for a later dor.
Mr. DOOLPrTlLE. Then I will say half past
twelve o'clock on next Monday.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I felt u ray duty to re-
port th<j joint resolution which is now befuie the
Senate, and I desiie to say to the Senator from
Wisconsin that it is not probable I can be here on
Monday. 1 have no interest in the matterexcept
that if tin* views expressed in the report which
I have had the honor to present to the Senate
should be attacked 1 should like to have an op-
portunity of vindicating" them.
Mr. DOOLITTLK/'Then I ask the Senator
from Indiana to name a day which will be con-
venient for him.
Mr. HENDR1C3CS. 1 expect to be called
home th" fiist of next week, but I shall be here
during the whole of tins week.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Suppose you appoint a
day within tins week?
. Mr. IJENDlUClvS. X do not suppose it is a
subject that wdl require much of the time of the
Senate; we nn^ht as will perhaps take it up to-
mort ow, though I have no pui ticuku choice as to
the day.
Mr. HOWE. \ wish, under these cireum-
stances, that the honoiable Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Shrhmax] would not press his hank bill.
The honorehie'Senator fM)m Indiana has exam-
ined tins question, and tr would be a satisfaction
to the Senate to have bis views upon it. it would
be a satisfaction to us who repres-nt the State to
have nun state bis views upon it to the Senate;
and as he has informed us that he cannot ho here
afier to-day, as J uudei stand, and there is a special
Older foreverv oshei (bty tins week 
Mr. SHERMAN. Is th is a House bill ?
Air. HOWE. No, it oi inmates here; and the
session is drawing (osvaui its elese. It isa mat-
ter of vei y constJ-'i abie importance to the people
of our St.*re
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think that any
private bill (for this is a private bill, although for
tin1 relief of the Stat!1 of Wisconsin) ou^ht to an-
tagonize with aov general public measure. I do
not think the S'-iWo^ do themsetves justice by
placing if in that pojo'ieo, { ha\e not ihe slight-
est objection to any ot«hei dnv that may be named.
1 ht ve no obj- c'iou ro fixing u foi half past twelve
o'clock m ihe morniim n><ur.
Mr. J iUW E 1 wUl ask the Nc fUe, then, to set
il down 'or half paM tw<-!ve o'clock to-moirow.
M r. FESSEN DEN. I must object to any more
special ordci/, and call for a von> of th--; Senate.
It will be r< MembereU that at the f:"irin.n before
the Lst \\" found on experience tha; 'his assign-
mentol lulls by spe-nal order min i upted entirely
the oidniciry course of pi oceeding in tiie Senate,
sao us n,?o confusnoi, and created e;reat embar-
U larssment, and. the Senate came to the conclusion
j1 then that th-y would only, in wry sp":ml cases,
11 give a special oi dei, >ind that it shonld on iy be
;i ordered by the vote of twc  thirds ei the body.
• j Now, we have already so lar tbr^otten our ex-
j perience on that subject es t<-make special orders
! tor eve; v day tins \ve"k,and they wiil he con-
j tmual'y"inteifet ;ng with each other, and we shall
have qoesuotis as t<> the priority of unfinished
| i business and special oi del s. If this motion is made
! I must certainly obj  ct to it at this penod'oftba
j session, and call fot a vote of the Senate, and see
;! if the Senatoi s can get two th'rds of the Senate to
make a special onh.i af a private bill.
I have this to sayftmher, that although there
has been a report on the table on this subject, it
is somewhat singular that this is a claim winch
- has existed ever since the State of Wisconsin
j has been a State. The Secretary of the Interior,
;j as I understand, has refused to pay over this
;l money on the giound that the State of Wiscon-
$ sin is not entitled fo it. For some reason or
i• oth r, however, growing out of the question, it
is presented n> us by fbe n port mane by the
Senator fi om Indiana'. That is the condition of
| it, and it embraces something hke halt a million
!! dollars, 1 am told.
fi MrtHOWE. Less.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Or more. _ The propo-
sition, then, in this state of things, is to make a
special order of a private bill which is to take
more than half a million dollars out of the Treas-
ury. The gentlemen state that they think there
cannot be discussion about it, although it is
a question which has been pending ever since
Wisconsin has been a State. Under these cir-
cumstances, it being a private bill taking that
amount of money out of the Treasury, it is cer-
tainly not an unreasonable request that I who hap-
pen to Irave my notions about it, should have a
few days, (when this matter is called up, when
the subject is brought to my knowledge for the
first time, for I did not know till yesterday that
there was such a report here,) so that I may ex-
amine it and see whether the country ought to
pay this amount of money; to satisfy myself on
the subject. I wish to understand it,and I have
not been able to do so by one reading of the re-
port.
I think this haste to hurry it through without
examination, without giving me the time that I
desire, is a little suspicious. I want to look at it,
and I want the necessary time to look at it and
understand it, and I object entirely to making a
special order of it. I must be engaged all day
upon the bank bill which is coming up and which
is a lull relating to the pnblicgenerally,and I ob-
ject entirely to making this question a special or-
der for to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. COLL A MER. I have nothing to say par-
ticular ly about the merit of this question on the
proposition to make it a special order; but I wish
to say that if gentlemen will move to make spe-
cial orders it certainly ought to be of matters of
some importance, and I admit that this is of that
character. It should be of importance enough to
require that sort of peculiar attention; and if it is
it should not be stolen in upon our morning hour
or any part of it. Whatever is of importance
enough to be made a special order should have a
time by itself. If you take up the time of the
morning hour, dunng which we can do a good
deal of business, with important measures of this
kind, you may as well dispense with the morning
hour altogether, and say, in relation to the ordi-
nary business of the Senate, that there shall be no
time given to it. In relation to the bills which
have been reported from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, I do not suppose any-
body will regard any of them as of importance
enough to be made a special order, and I expect
if 1 ever get them passed at ah to get them through
in the morning hour. I protest agamnt any part
of the morning hour being taken up with special
orders. If special orders are made I wish them
to be made for some other time.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, if I could antici-
pate a time when the Senate would have nothing
else to do, I would wait for that time before pro-
posing to take up this joint resolution. I think
the Senator from Maine ought not to urge his
objection against a special order on my applica-
tion in refeience to this resolution, because yes-
terday when it was before the Senate without the
slighrestobjcction I allowed it to go over upon his
request, he saying that he wanted time to exam-
ine the report of the committee. It comes up
to-day as the unfinished business. The Senator
from Ohio wants to proceed with the considera-
tion of the bank bill. I do not wish to antago-
nize this joint resolution with that bill. The
Senator from Indiana, who has examined this sub-
ject very carefully arid has reported upon it very
elaborately, gives notice that he expects to be
absentafter this week. As the Senatorfrom Maine
notifies us that his impressions are against the
validity of the claim, 1 thought the Senate would
desire that it should be considered while the Sen-
ator from Indiana was here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is not to be
absent during the rest of the session.
Mr. HO WE. The Senator has not informed
us now long he is to be absent; but we desire to
have this matter acted on at this session, and
after the joint resolution shall have passed this
body it must be acted upon in the< other House,
and the Senator from Maine I think will admit
that a delay of a week or two now in acting upon
this joint resolution will endanger, if not neces-
sarily defeat, its passage at this session; and
therefore I think he ought to consent that it be
mad© a efjtetial ortier for stfmfe timfe'. K he says
