1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong. . . .1st Sess.
be the duty of the collectors of internal revenue,
as the Secretary may direct, to act as disbursing
agents to pay the aforesaid expenses, without in-
creased compensation therefor, who shall give
good and sufficient bonds for the faithful perform-
ance of their duties as such disbursing agents for
such sum and in such form as shall be prescribed
by the First Comptroller of the Treasury, subject
to the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury:
Provided, That the aforesaid appropriation shall
continue in force to the thirtieth day of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and thereafter
the Secretary of the Treasury shall embrace in
his annual estimates the amount which, in his
opinion, will be required for the expenses of this
branch of the public service.
Sec. 182. And beit further enacted, That where
ever the word State is used in this act, it shall be
construed to include the Territories and the Dis-
trict of Columbia, where such construction is ne-
cessary lo carry out the provisions of this act.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
Chap. CLXX1V.—An Act to regulate Prize Pio-
ccedings and the Distribution of Prize Money,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of 'America in Congress
assembled, That it shall be the duty of the com-
manding officer of any vessel or vessels making
a capture to secure the documents of the ship and
caigo, including the log-book, with all other doc-
uments, letters, and other papers found on board,
and make ail inventory of the same, and seal them
up, and send them, with the inventory, to the
court in which proceedings aie to be had, with
a written statement that they are all the papers
found, and in tile condition m which they were
found, or explaining the absence of any docu-
ments or papers, or any change in their condi-
tion. He shall send to said court, as witnesses,
the master, one or more of the other officers, the
supercargo, purser, or agent of the prize, and any
person found on board whom he may suppose to
be interested in, or to have knowledge respecting,
the title, national character, or destination of the
prize. He shall send the prize, with the docu-
ments, papers, and witnesses, undercharge of a
competent prize master and prize crew, into port
for adjudication, explaining the absence of any
usual witnesses; and in the absence of instruc-
tions from superior authority as to tile port to
which it shall be sent, he shall select such port
as he shall deem most convenient in view of the
interests of probable claimants, as well as of the
captors. If the captured vessel, or any part of
the captured property,is not in condition to be sent
in for adjudication,asurvey shall be had thereon
and an appraisement made by persons as compe-
tent and impartial as can be obtained, and their
reports shall be sent to the court in which pro-
ceedings are to be had; and such property, unless
appropriated for the use of theGovernment, shall
be sold by the authority of the commanding offi-
cer present, and the proceeds deposited with the
assistant treasurer of the United States most ac-
cessible to said court, and subject to its oider in
the cause.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if any
vessel of the United States shall claim to share in
the prize, either as having made the capture, or
as having been within signal distance of the ves-
sel or vessels making the capture, the command-
ing officerof such vessel shall make out a written
statement of his claim, with the grounds on which
it is rested, the principal facts tending to show
what vessels made the capture,and what vessels
were within signal distance of those making the
capture, with reasonable particularity as to times,
distances, localities, and signals made, seen, or
answered; and such statement of claim shall bo
signed by him and sent to the court in which pro-
ceedings shall be had, and shall be filed in the
cause.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the prize master to make his way
diligently to the selected port, and there imme-
diately deliver to a prize commissioner the docu-
ments and papers,and the inventory thereof,and
make affidavit that they are the same and in the
same condition as delivered to him,or explaining
any absence or change of condition therein, and
that the prize property is in the same condition
as delivered to him, or explaining any loss or
damage thereto; and he shall further report to the
district attorney,and give to himall the informa-
tion in his possession respecting the prize and her
capture; and he shall deliver over the persons
sent as witnesses to the custody of the marshal,
and shall retain the prize in his custody until it
Bhall bo taken therefrom by process from the prize
court.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the at-
torney of the United States for the district shall
immediately file a libel against such prize prop-
erty, and shall forthwith obtain a warrant from
the court directing the marshal to take it into his
custody, and shall proceed diligently to obtain a
condemnation and distribution thereof, and to that
end shall see that the proper preparatory evi-
dence is taken by the prize commissioners, and
that the prize commissioners also take the depo-
sitions de bene esse of the prize crew and other
transient parsons cognizant of any facts bearing
on condemnation or distribution. Itshallalso be
the duty of the district attorney to represent the
interests of the United-States in all prize causes,
and he shall not act as separate counsel for the
captors on any private retainer or compensation
from them, unless in a question between the claim-
ants and the captors on a demand for damages.
The district attorney shall examine all fees, costs,
and expenses, sought to be charged on the prize
fund, and protect the interest of the captors and
of the United States. The district attorneys of
all districts in which any prize causes are or may
be pending, shall, as often as once in three months,
send to the Secretary of the Navy a statement of
the condition of all prize causes pending in their
districts,'in such form and embracing such par-
ticulars as the Secretary of the Navy shall re-
quire.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That any dis-
trict court may appoint prize commissioners, not
exceedingthroe in number, of whom one shijll be
a retired naval officer,approved by the Secretary
of the Navy, who shall receive no other compen-
sation than his pay in the Navy, and who shall
protect the interests of the captois and of the De-
partment of the Navy in the prize property, and
at least one of the others shall be a member of
the bar of the court, of not less than three years'
standing, and acquainted with the taking of depo-
sitions.
Sec. 6. Jlndbe it farther enacted, That the prize
commissioners,or one of ihcnsi, shall receivefrom
the prize master the documents and papers, and
inventory thereof, and shall take the affidavit of
the prize master hereinbefore required, and shall
forthwith take the testimony of the witnesses sent
in, separate from each other, on interrogatories
prescribed by the court, in the manner usual in
prize courts; and the witnesses shall not be per-
mitted to see the interrogatories, documents, or
papers, or to consult with counsel, or with any
persons in teres ted, without special authority from
the court; and the witnesses who have the rights
of neutrals shall be discharged as soon as practi-
cable. The prize commissioners shall also lake
depositions de bene esse of the prize crew and
others, at the request of the district attorney, on
interrogatories prescribed by the court. They
shall also, as soon as any prize property comes
within the district for adjudication, examine thd
same, and make an inventory thereof, founded
on an actual examination, and report to the court
whether any part of it is in a condition requiring
immediate sale for the interests of all parties, and
notify the district attorney thereof; and if it be
necessary to the examination or making of the
inventory that the cargo be unladen, they shall
apply to the court for an order to the marshal to
unlade the same, and shall, from time to time,
report to the court anything relating to the con-
dition of the property, or its custody or disposal,
which may require any action by the court, but
the custody of the property shall be only in the
marshal. They shall also seasonably return into
court, sealed and secured from inspection, the
documents and papers which shall comc to their
hands, duly scheduled and numbered, and the
other preparatory evidence, and the evidence
taken de bene ecse, and their own inventory of
the prize property; and if the captured vessel, or
any of its eargo or stores, are such that, in their
judgment, may be useful to the Government in
war, they shall report the same to the Secretary
of the Navy.
- Sec.' 7. And be it further enacted, That the mar-
shal shall safely keep all prize property under
warrant from the court, and shall report to the
court any cargo or other property that he thinks
requires to be unladen and stored, or to be sold.
He shall insure prize property if, in his judg-
ment, it is for the interest of all concerned. He
shall keep in his custody all persons found on
board a prize and sent in as witnesses, until they
are released by the prize commissioners or the
court. If a sale of property is ordered, he shall
sell the same in the manner required by the court,
and collect the purchase-money, and forthwith
deposit the gross proceeds of the sales with the
assistant treasurer of the United States nearest
the place of sale, subject to the order of the court
in the particular cause; and each marshal shall
forward to the-Secretary of the Navy, whenever
and as often as he may require it,a-full statement
of the condition of each prize andrf the disposi-
tion made thereof.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, when-
ever any prize property shall be condemned, or
shall at any stage of the proceedings be found by
the court to be perishing, perishable, or liable to
deterioriate or depreciate, or whenever the costs
of keeping the same shall be disproportionate to
its value, it shall be the duty of the court to order
a sale thereof; and whenever, after the return day
on the libel, all the parties in interest who have
appeared in the cause shall agree thereto, the
court is authorized to make such order, and no
appeal shall operate to prevent the making or
execution of such order. The Secretary of the
Navy shall employ an auctioneer or auctioneers
of known skill in the branchof business to which
any sale pertains, to make the sale, but the sale
shall be conducted under the supervision of the
marshal, and the collecting and depositing of the
gross proceeds shall be by the auctioneer or his
agent. Before any sale the marshal shall cau.se
full catalogues and schedules to be prepared and
circulated, and a-copy of each shall be returned
by the marshal to the court in each cause. The
marshal shall cause all sales to be advertised fully
and conspicuously in newspapers ordered by the
court, and by posters, and he shall, at least five
days before the sale, serve notice thereof upon
the naval prize commissioner,and thegoods shall
be open to inspection at least three days before
the sale.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That in case
a decree of condemnation shall be rendered, the
court shall consider the claims of all vessels to
participate in the proceeds, and for that purpose
shall, at as early a stage of the cause as possible,
order testimony to be taken tending to show what
part should be awarded to the captors, and what
vessels are entitled to share, and such testimony
may be sworn to before any judge or commis-
sioner of the courts of the United States, consul,-
or commercial agent of the United States, or no-
tary public, or any officer of the Navy highest
in rank, reasonably accessible to the deponent.
The court shall make a dftcree of distribution,
determining what vessels are entitled to share in
the prize, and whether the prize was of superior,
equal, or inferior force to the vessel or vessels
making the capture. And said decree shall recite
the amount of the gross proceeds of the prize sub-
ject to the order of the court, and the amount de-
ducted therefrom for costs and expenses, and the
amount remaining for distribution, and whether
the whole of such residue is to go to the captors,
or one half to the captors, and one half to the
United States.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
net proceeds of all property condemned as prize
shall, when the prize was of superior or equal
forfce to the vessel or vessels making the capture,
be decreed to the captors; and when of inferior
force, one half shall be decreed to the United
Statesand the other halfto the captors: Provided,
That, in case of privateers and letters-of-marque,
the whole shall be decreed to the captors, unless
it shall be otherwise provided in the commissions
issued to such vessels. All vessels of the Navy
