1864.
THE CONXxRESSIOlSTAl/GLOiBE.
In reply I have to say that there is no evidence to my
present knowledge concerning &aid bonds, specifically, (in
file in this Department, except such as relates to their
issue. I should state furthei, however, that shortly after
the reported sinking of said steamer, certain parties, claim-
ing to be the owners of similar, bonds, made application to
this Department for relief, and produced proof that their
bonds were duly deposited in the mail winch was sent \>y
t*aid steamer fiom San Francisco, that said steamer was
sunk on the passage, and that the parties to whom the
honds had beeii;addressed had never receiVQtj\them. .Ac-
cording to the practice in such cases, the application was
suspended in each of these eases, in orderto give a reason-
hffle'time to ascertain whether in fact said bonds were lost.
While the cases were so suspended, the bonds were pro-
duced at the Treasury for redemption and redeemed, and are
now in the possessionof this bureau. Proof was furnished
and is now on file that the mail containing the bonds em-
braced in those applications had been recovered from the
said steamer Golden Gate by the California Diving Com-
pany.
Yours, respectfully, L. E« CHITTENDEN,'
Register.
John A. Wills, Esq.
Mr. HALE. That shows that the bonds have
never bfeen;heard of. I now. ask for the reading
of the letter from the chief'clerk in the Comptrol-
ler^ office, showing that this claim was made
eighteen months ago.
The Clerk read, us follows:
Comptroller's Office, June,9, 1864.
An application was mad© at this office and at the Sec-
retary's office'some eighteen or twenty months ago for the
issuing of certain duplicate drafts and bonds In lieu of oth-
ers alleged to have been lost by the burning of the steamer
Golden Gate on the Pacific, the property of E. F. Wood
& Co.
Tliese gentlemen were advised that under the proof fur-
nished, the drafts might be duplicated upon thefilingof a
proper bond of-indemnity, but that it would be necessary
to proeme, an act of Congress to authorize the leissue of
duplicate bonds.
Accordingly a satisfactory bond having been furnished,
the Secretary directed the issuing of duplicate drafts, which
was accordingly done.
The drafts and bonds were lost at the same time, and in
the same mail.
The act of Congress recently passed, requiring a bond of
indemnity prior to the reie&ue of duplicate bonds, has
been complied with by the Messrs. Wood, and the bond
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury. -
WILLIAM HEMPHILL JONES,
CkieJ Clerk.
Mr. HALE. I now ask for the reading of the
affidavits of Mr. Wood and of his agent in New
York.
The Clerk read, as follows: -
Police Court of the City of Boston.
State of Massachusetts, County of Suffolk, s$ :
I, Seth Gohcz, clerk of said court, hereby certify that A.
Kingsbury, before whom the within proceedings vvere had,
Is and was at the time thereof a justice of the peace, duly
commissioned and sworn, and acting in his official capa-
city; that his signature thereto is genuine; that said court
is a court of record, and that I, as clerk thereof, have cus-
tody of its seal.
Witness my hand and the seal of said court, at
Boston aforesaid, this 6th day of June, A. 1). 1864.
' , SETH COHEZ,
Clei k of said 'Court.
I, Ezra F. Wood, of the firm of E. F. Wood & Co., of
Boston m the county of Suffolk and State of Massachu-
setts, being first duly sworn on oath, depose and &ay : that
I am one of the claimants for duplicates of United States
bonds which were lost in the steamer Golden Gate, in
1862; that the deponent and Samuel A. Wood, of'Califor-
ijiaj are the only members of said firm; that I have never
recovered said lost bonds or any of them, and have no
knowledge that any of them have ever been recovered, and
I have every reason to believe that they are iuecoverabiy
lost. T never received any-information from the Diving
Bell Company, or any other company, or.person or per-
sons, that such bonds, or any of them, had been recovered.
EZRA F. WOOD.
Jcne 6, 1864.
State of Massachusetts, County of Suffolk, ss:
Personally appeared the above-named Ezia F. Wood,
and made oath that the foregoing statement by him sub-
scribed is tiue. Before me,
A. KINGSBURY,
Justice of the Peace.
State of New York, City and County of New York, ss:
Nathan A. Rogers, of the said city, being sworn, says:
that none of the Oregon war bonds lost on board the
steamer Golden Gate, in n'gaid to which this deponent
some tiin^ nmdi1 an affidavit, have been recovered to
deponent's knowledge or belief; that deponent has never
seen any of said bonds, and has never heard from the said
E. F. Wood & Uo.jot from anyotherpertjon,thatt[iesame,
or any of them, have ever been found upon or recovered
from the wicck oi t-aid vessel, or that there was any prob-
ability that they would or could be recovered.
TV. A. ILOOERS,
68 Pearl Street, iVeiy York.
Sworn to before me, this 6lh day of June, 1864.
JOHN H. WILSON,
Notayy Public, New Yotk City.
Mr. HALE. I will ask the Clerk now to read
the indorsement of Mr,. Wood.
[l. s.]
The Clerk read, as follows:
It having been represented to us that the Finance Com-
mittee of the Senate contemplates a recommendation for
the repeal of the special act of Congtess authorizing the
Treasury Department to issue to Messrs. Ezra F. Wood
& Co., of Boston, duplicates of the United States Ixonds
held by them, and which were lost ii} the Golden Gate,
in August, 1862, we, the undersigned, respectfully request
thftt, before final action is taken in the "matter,vthb com-
mittee will consider the hlgh-chac&eter arid-standing of the
cl^jinmms^g merchants of Boston. A?«i we would respect-
fully represent that the firm of E. F. Wood & Co. is well
known as having for many years conducted an extensive
business in the shoe and leather trade, adding much to the
manufacturing interest* and prosperity of Massachusetts.
By the .energy, high-minded and honorable dealing of its
members the firm haa acquired a position of thp first rank
as horioiable merchants, possessing the entire confidence
and respect of the mercantile community.
CHAS. G. NAZRO,
President North Han!:.
S. It. SPAULDJNG,
GEO. W. THAYER,
President Exchange Bankyioston.
WILLIAM ULAFLIN.
FRANKLIN HAVEN,
FOSTER & TAYLOR.
I know personally each of the parties whose names are
annexed; they are all persons of high integrity and ample
pecuniary responsibility. ALEX. H. RICE.
Mr. HALE. I will call upon my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Rice] to say whether the
individuals who signed that paper are worthy of
credit.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I understand,
Mr. Speaker, that my friend from Pennsylvania
desires me to state to the House'what I know of
the character and standing of the gentlemen whose
names are appended to the document which has
just been read. I take great pleasure in saying
that I believe'I know each of those gentlemen
personally, that they are gentlemen of the highest
integrity and responsibility, and that I should
have entire confidence in any statement that they
might make. I know nothing, sir, of the case
now under discussion, I have no acquaintance
with the parties who are the claimants, butl havo
Such confidence in- the gentlemen>whose -names',
are affixed to the paper to which the Ht>6se-h&s
listened that I have no doubt whatever of the'en-
tire' respectability "and integrity of any person
whose character is certified by them.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, it seems, then, tfiat
the fact that the bonds were lost is not disputed.
The allegation, however, is that some portion of
the bonds mailed at that time in the steamer;
Golden Gate has boen recovered. But the Regis-
ter of the Treasury, whose letter I sent up to the
Speaker's table, says he has no knowledge that
any of the fyonds alluded to in the claim of the
Messrs. Wobd have ever been recovered. None
have ever been presented at that office. Some
bonds that were sent at the same time by the
steamer Golden Gate have been recovered; but it
is a well-known fact, I suppose, that these mails
are in numerous bags. Some of the bags- may
have been recovered, and some not. From the
character of the Messrs. Wood, and from the fact
that they have filed a bond with the Treasury
Department indemnifying it incase the lost bonds
should ever turn up, there can be no injury aris-
ing to the United States Government from the
reissue of these bonds. I have a letter here which
I wish to be read..
The Clerk read, as follows:
Bo.«ton, May 28, 1864.
DfcAR Sir: Messrs. E. F. Wood & Co. -lost $7,200 In
United States coupon bonds on board the steamer Gol den
Gate. A law has been passed by Congress to is/sue dupli-
cates. As some portion of the contents of same mail has
been received, we understand the Tieasury Department
refuse to issue the duplicates to Messrs. Wood & Co. This
refusal may have ausen from the Department not feeling en-
tire confidence m the indemnity bond given by them. If any
question of the kind is raised, we wish you would be good
enough to interpose in behalf of these gentlemen on being
called upon to do so by their agent. The responsibility of
the parties to the bond given by them is beyond a question.
If further names should be thought neec^nry, boih mem-
bers of our firm would gladly sign the bond. Anythlngyou
can do to secure to Messrs. Wood & Co. tlie duplicate
bonds will be serving the ends of justice, and obliging, .
Very truly, your obedient servants,,
' FOSTER & TAYLOR.
Hon. Alexander H. Rice, M. C,, Washington, D. C.
Mr. HALE. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to state the responsibility of the gentle-
men who have signed that letter.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. They are very
wealthy men; men of large fortune.
Mr. HALE. I now submit to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether.
under the circumstance^,jhe;wriP;pp^"t|iis.reso-
lution. The Government of the UnitedStatOEi
is in no danger of; being a loser, by^fais ^trawjae-
tion, ,Ij.,is beyond questjonijiat the bonds',w«r^
sent by.*thip, steamer*an,d that..tb.ey. w^e.fo^tj
So far as is known they kave not.bpQn recovered^
.These is n.o .evidence U>at
bonds claiijje^ by the Messrs.* W6od.ha«if<>vpr
beet) recovered,. Other bonds Kim .
have been., I,submit that the genti^Ria.fljpughj
not to press his resolution under pkciirat
stances, Vbich might do injustice- tp.tjiesfs. geti;
tlemen. Additional secp^ity is proffered lie,re,to
indemnify,£he Government.'-
, X think there should be,some evidence that tlj$
bonds claimed here have been recovered before
we undertake to repeal the Ia\v sowing .dupli-
cates to be issued. . The allegation that sotn.e of
the bonds (iave been recovered by pie' Diyiijg
Bell Company is no pr<>9f that these bonds 91;
a,ny portion of them, have been recovered. "§Xn-
less it is affirmatively shown,..that tlse bon4s
claimed by the Messrs. "Wood have-b$en,«sco,vr
ered, the,bill should not be r^gealejl.; I subnet
that to, the fairness and justice.of tl^e c|)$irm?n
pf, the Committee of :Ways and.Means. l: hay.o
no other motive in the matter tlmo to do justice
to the claimants. Their character, is alcove (sus-
picion., They hav.e given all thq security, that
was asked, and are prepared to give any further-
security that may be*requirctj.,v IJiave do^e my
duty in the matter, and will leave jj, in- the h,%t}ds
of the House. , ,, . _
Mr. STEVENS, Mr., Speaker; lidjo- riqt .see
that any injustice can be" done by .parsing,'thj#
resolution. If it, finally turns out, dn.furtfigr'in*
vesication, that these bojidsare irrecoverably lost
and destroyed, Congress will,at a fut.ur^sifpjsipn,
do these men justice. At pr.esent-1 'do; not feel
satisfied that they are lost,or destroyed,, .The evi-
dence is that they were in the mail on board- the
Golden Gate. The evidence' is just as clear s^hat
those mails were all recovered, and that a poytioi}
of the bonds in the same.mail ljav.e bee<\,&trefidy
presented a,t the, Repart'ment and-paid,, ,jFhe,as
bonds are negotiable by delivery, .
Mr. HALE. No, sir; they are now -TjhfU
was established on the former hearing of the case.
They are Oregon war bonds, whic.h are specially
made payable to the holder. That was stated b,y
the gentleman from Oregon, .
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do'pot know about, these,
bonds in particular I.know iha.tj ost of the Uni-
ted States bonds are mads payable, t,o ben.rer and
pass by; delivery. , ,
Mr. HALE. Coupon, bonds are; not regis?
tered bonds. " . :
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know whether,the
party m California has made his affidavit. /
Mr. HALE. No, sir, he has not; and for th.o
very good reason that Lliere htisjnot been sufficient
time. The gentleman from Pennsylvania will
recollect that the proof on the former.'he.aring of
the case was that these bond's were mailed in San
Francisco. They were sealed up and delivered
by an agent of the Post Office Departmijnt^and
were put on board .the steanr?r Galdep.jjratef
That ship was destroyed by fire.
Noiv, before disposing of this subject, I desire
to say one other word. The gentleawn sajs^ll
the mails ha,v,e been recovered. There is.no proof
at all upon ihat subject. A portion of*the triads
have been.recovered.; some of the^bpnds known
to have been in the mails 011 bpard the Golden
Gate have been received. The .gentleman will
recollect that Mr. Chittenden says, iri the letter
I sent up to the Clerk's desk, that,none of these
particular bonds have lieeii, presented to the Treas-
ury. , , ,
Mr. STEVENS. Still" t do noj. see the impro.
priety of passing this law, and arresting the ac-1
tion of the Department for the present. 1 ilo.not
recollect the proof on which the original bill was
reported.., I* did not know that it had passed." It
came from a committee with which I was pot
connected, and I did not pay much attention to it.
Mr. HAI^E. The bill first passefl tfte.S'enate.
Mr. STEVENS. Perhaps that.was.it. At
any rate 1 have no proof on which-it. was.passedj
except that which is now before us. The facts
I understand to be thes.e: the steamer Golden
Gate, on her way from California on the Pacific
ocean, took fire, and I'tHinkshe was scuttled audi
sunk. ' ■
