818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2o,
Aoe-af the judges to know what were the facts. In
his answer he says:
" There is no rule or practice of the Supreme Court ex-
eluding any person whatever during its session. Its> pro-
ceedings are in open court."
He then goes on to say:
" If the colored surgeon to whom you allude was turned
out of the court room"—
And I infer from the wording of this letter that
they did not know anything about it—
" it was without any authority from the court, or any mem-
ber of it, and equally without our knowledge. As to the
fact, I know nothing of it except from rumor."
If Dr. Augusta was turned out of the court
room he was turned out by some of the bailiffs or
under-officers of the United States marshal, who
has the appointment, I believe, of those officers,
and not by the authority of the Supreme Court.
In regard to this other matter, if we should pass
any law in addition to that which we now have in
regard to the railroads, we should be compelled
to remit these colored men to their legal remedies,
where they are now. If they are turned out, as
we hold the law, they can sue the railroad com-
pany for their cjectjont for the trespass; and what
■ can we do more than that if we should adopt any
additional legislation ? I think they stand upon
stronger and better ground at present than they
would by the adoption of the kind of legislation
proposed.
Mr. SUMNER. After the declarations that
have been made on the floor to-day, I am ut least
for the present satisfied, and I certainly shall not
proceed any further with my motion. Let me
say I was particularly grateful to the Senator from
Maryland for his very explicit statement of the
law on the subject. 1 do not doubt he is entirely
right. It has always been my opinion, t am
glad to have it confirmed by that distinguished
Senator and lawyer. I am also grateful to the
Senator from West Virginia who made the report,
and who has so explicitly stated his own convic-
tion, and, as I understand him, also the unani-
mous opinion of the committee, to the effect that
these people had legal rights precisely as white
poisons to the full enjoyment of all the privileges
of the railway in this District. If they have such
legal tighfs, they are at this moment unquestion-
ably exposed to what 1 must call outrage. If a
white person werocjected from the ears.who other-
wise was perfectly respectable, we should all feel
thaf u was an outrage. Is it any less an outrage
because the person ejected is simply guilty of a
skin not colored like our own? For myself I
confess that to my mind it is a greater outrage,
because our obligations are greater in proportion
to the humility and weakness of those with whom
we deal.
But, sii, I have no desire to pioceed any fut-
ther in this question, i um for the present satis-
fied with the declarations that have been made.
My hope, however, is that the railroad corpora-
tion will at once take notice and act according to
law. I now ask permission to withdraw the
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
withdrawn. The special order of the day, being
the unfinished business of yesterday, is now be-
fore the Senate.
PAY OF COLOUKI) TROOPS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. No. 23) to equalize the pay ot soldiers in the
United States Army; the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Collamer, to add to
the joint resolution the following;
AU peuons cuhbtcd oi mustered into the scivice tn vol-
unteers, under the call dated October J7, l&ui, foi thiee
hundred thousand volunteers, who weie ur the tune of en-
listment actually, and lor six months picvious had been,
resident inhabitants of thetfiatein which they volunteeied,
shall receive Irom the United Stales the same amount of
bounty, Without regard to color: Prowled however, That
the fotegomg provision shall not extend tu any State which
the Pies-ulent, by pioclamation, has declared in a state of
instil rection.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to ask the Sen-
ntor from Vermont how far lie understands tins
proposition to extend. We have passed an act
authorizing the enrollment and enlistment of col-
ored persons, slave orfrae, in all the States; and
we provide by that act— —-
Mr. COLLAMER. What act do you speak
of? 3 v
Mr. WILSON. The enrollment act. We pro-
vide by that act that a commission shall be ap-
pointed who shall estimate the services of the.
Blaves of loyal men in those States, and pay them
a sum not exceeding §300, and we have made it
retrospective.
I understand thepractice of the Gov'ernmenthas
been in Missouri, Maryland, and to a considera-
ble extent in other sections of the country, to rec-
ognize this fact. We have raised in Maryland, I
suppose, something like six or seven thousand
colored soldiers.
Mr. JOHNSON. Eight thousand.
Mr. WILSON. Eight thousand, Lam told by
the Senator from Maryland. Governor Johnson
told me a day or two ago that they had fourteen
thousand in Tennessee, and we must have raised
several thousand in Missouri. What I wish to
understand is, whether the Senator's proposition
would not'eover the cases where we propose to
pay the loyal masters. That is the difficulty.
The provision proposed is certainly just, and it
ought to be adopted so far as concerns most of
the States. The Senator excludes the rebel
States; but it seems to me in view of the legisla-
tion already had it would be hardly just to apply
this legislation to Tennessee, or to Maryland, or
Missouri, or to those States where we have al-
ready entered into obligations to pay a sum not
exceeding $300 to the loyal masters. I call the
Senator's attention to this point. I am anxious
to do all we can do in this direction; but at the
.same time I want to guard properly the Treasury.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts if it is not the twenty-sixth sec-
tion of the enrollment bill that he alludes to?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 have not that statute
before me; but if it can be found, I desire that
that section might be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) The Chair will ascertain whether
the enrollment act is in the possession of the Sen-
ate or not.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it that the State of
Tennessee would not be covered by my amend-
ment. That was one of the States declared to be
in a state of insurrection by the proclamation of
the President, and of course this amendment would
not read) that State.
A suggestion has been made to me by some gen-
tlemen about the time for which these persons
were actual residents and inhabitants of the State.
I have provided in this amendment that these per-
sons were residents of the State and had been such
for six months prior to the'time of their enlist-
ment. I do not know but that may be too long.
I will state my object in offering this amend-
ment. Our colored men in Vermont, Massachu-
setts, Connecticut, and New York were enrolled
under the former enrollment act piecisely like
other people, were subject to draft precisely like
other people, and somn of them were drafted.
When the President called for three hundred thou-
sand men and informed us that if they volunteered
it would clear the State or the district from the
draft to the amount of the number of men that
volunteered, we thought as a matter of course that
it was a proposition to take the men who were
subject to draft and let them volunteer instead of
standing to be drafted; and inasmuch as all col-
ored people of the proper age weie subject to be
diafted, theie could be no leason in the world
why they should not volunteer. They did volun-
teer in my town to the number of between forty
and sixty. They received the bounties from the
town and the State, from $300 to $500, like white
people, and they received the pay of the State,
seven dollars additional* per month, which our
State pays to all her soldiers. They supposed
and expected,and everybody supposed, there was
no sort of distinction about it, and that they were
to receive the bounties like other people. When
theycame to be mustered in,as I slated the other
Jay, while the white men were paid the Govern-
ment bounty of $300, the colored men did not
receive anything. As there may be gentlemen
present now who were not here at that time, I
will state that they were men between the ages
of twenty and forty-five years, able-bodied men,
every one of whom could have earned his two
dollais a day at home.
Mr. POMEROY. Did it occur lately?
Mr. COLLAMER.' Yes, sir; and since I came
here they have been sent off, and they must have
been sent off without their bounty. I said be-
fore, and now repeat, that every one of those men
signed his name, without making his mark, to his
papers of enlistment. They cannot realize, it is
difficult'for them to understand, how there can be
such a distinction made without any possibility of
reason. That those men must have that bounty
is beyond all. question. It must be paid. But
shall the State be compelled to pay it instead of
the Government of the United States paying it to
the men they asked to volunteer? The Govern-
ment told those men that if they did not volunteer
they would be drafted; and now because they have
volunteered they are going to make a distinction
about paying them their bounties. If such a
course should be taken by Congress, deliberately
and understandingly, I do not know how I can
go home and justify before my people the refusal
to make this payment.
Mr. JOHNSON. On whatground did they re-
fuse to pay them?
Mr. COLLAMER. There was an old act which *
authorized the President to employ colored peo-
ple and pay them ten dollars a month and put them
into the military service; and inasmuch as that,
they said, was the only United States law ex-
pressly about paying colored men, they could not
pay them any bounties. This is the way I un-
derstand it. The mustering officer said so. These
colored men were enrolled with the white people
under an express law of Congress in my State.
They stood on the enrollment, subject in all re-
spects like other people, and yet when we come
to this point and this stage of the business the Gov-
ernment refuses to pay them. They wentawa'y.
To be sure they went away under great disap-
pointment, because they had relied on the addi-
tional bounty of $300 to provide for their families
while they were gone; but they said, lt Well, we
have come to serve the country, and we will go,
trusting that the Government will do us justice at
some time."
Now I ask that justice may be done them. I
thought it advisable to draw the amendment in
such a manner that those men who had been called
out and volunteered under the call of last October
for three hundred thousand men should receive
the same bounty from the Government without
regaid to color, ptovidcd they weie inhabitants
of the State at the time.
If the twenty-sixth section of the enrollment, act
is in the possession of the Secretary, I should like
to have if read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the section indicated.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 26. Jlnd be it farther enacted. That all able-bodied
male coloied persons, between the ai>es> of twen t\ and loriy-
five year«, resident in the United States, shall be emolled
according to the ptovismnsof tins act, and of the act to
which this is an amendment,and form paitot the national
foices; and when a slave of a loyal master shall be dratted
and mustered into the scivice of the United Stale*, his
master shall have a certificate theieof, and thereupon such
slave shall be free; and ihe bounty of $100, now payable
by law for each drafted man. shall be paid to the peison to
whom such diafted peit-on was owing seivtce or labor at
the time of his muster into the cei vice of the United States.
The Seeietaiy of War shall appoint a commission in each
of the f-lave States- represented in Congiess, ciiaiged to
awaulto eacli loyal pei^on to whom a colored volunteer
may owe service a ju^t compensation, not exceeding $300
for each such colored volunteer, payable out of the fund
derived from commutations and every such colored volun-
teer on being mistered into the seivice shall lie fiee. And
in all cas.es wlicie men of coloi havo been heietofoie en-
listed or have volunteeied in the military service of the
United State", all the provisions of this act, so far as the
payment ot bounty and compensation are provided, shall
be equally applicable as to thope who may be hereafter re-
el uiied; but men of color, drafted or enlisted, or who may
volunteer into the military service, while they shall beet ed-
ited on the quotas of the several States, or [subdivisions of
States, wherein they are respectively diafted, enlisted, or
shall volunteer, shall not be assigned as State troops, but
shall be mustered into legiments or companies as United
Suites colored volunteers.
Mr. COLLAMER. That section is rather too
long, with my feeble hearing of it, for me to un-
dertake to say now what would be its precise ap-
plication in relation to my amendment. I observe
that the great body of it relates to those States
that have been declared in a state of insurrection.
They are excepted in the proposition that I have
made. It does notinclude those States at all. I
do not see, on first impression, as it strikes me,
that it makes any difference. We propose to pay
these colored people as you pay other people.
You pay it to their masters if they are slaves.
My amendment provides merely that these col-
