1864.
THE OONmmmiONAL (GrLOBE.
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
308) to establish a Bureau of Military Justice,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
John F. Farnsworth of Illinois, Mr. James A.
Garfield of Ohio, and Mr. George H. Yea-
man of Kentucky, managers at the same on its
part.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 308) to es-
tablish a Bureau of Military Justice, disagreed to
by the House of Representatives; and
On motion'of Mr. WILSON, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
to the said bill disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tives, and agiee to the conference asked by the (louse on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the pait of the Senate
be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Wilson, Mr. Howard, and Mr. Hendricks.
HOUSE BILLS REFEUIIED.
The following bill and joint resolution, re-
ceived from the House of Representatives, wore
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
as indicuted below:
A bill (No. 426) to create an additional super-
vising inspector of steamboats and two local in-
spectors of steamboats for the collection district
of Memphis, Tennessee, and two local inspectors
for the collection district of Oregon, and for other
putposes—to the Committee on Commerce.
A joint resolution (No. 67) to increase tempo-
rarily the duties on imports—to the Committee
on Finance.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order of the clay is now before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, being the bill (H. R.
No. 395) to provide a national currency, secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to pro-
vide for the circulation and redemption thereof.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to expedite busi-
ness, I propose that the amendments reported by
the Committee on Finance be acted upon as the
Secretary reaches them m reading the bill through.
That will save one reading. It is a very long bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be taken, if there be no objection.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill down
to the first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance, which was in section one, line fourteen,
after the word "President," to strike out the
words " by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate;" so that the clause will read:
The chief ofFicci of the soid bureau shall be denominated
the (Jomptiol!<ji of the Currency, and shall be undei the
geneial dnection of the rieeretaiy of the Tieasmy. fie
r>hail bo appointed by the Pie&ident, on the recommenda-
tion of tiie Seeietury oi the Tieasury, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, and shall hold hie? ofhee for
the teim of five years unless boonci removed by the Presi-
dent.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire why
the committee propose to make that change. I
remember that this clause was put in the bill of
last year upon gieat consideration, in order to
prevent this officer from being a mere political
officer, as he doubtless will be, if he is to be turned
out without any consultation with the Senate. I
should like to know what change has come over
the spirit of the dieam of the Finance Committee
on that subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather have some
other member of the committee explain that
amendment, because they can tell the reasons that
actuated the committee better than I could. I am
opposed to the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason why that
clause was stricken out by the Committee on Fi-
nance was simply this: that provision is in the
original hill that we passed last year. Vlt was put
into the original hill because it was thought ad-
visable that this officer should be in a very par-
ticular degree independent of political changes
and political considerations. There seemed to be
a necessity for a degree of permanency and a de-
gree of independence in this officer that did not
apply to others, and it was agreed to. When it
■.erne un tine. year in the same shape the atten-
tion of' the committee was called to it, and we
eenie to the conclusion that there might be diffi-
culties in such a case even in carrying that out.
In the first place, it is establishing a new rule.
It is questionable whether the President has not
the power of appointing this officer and removing
him, even if this provision should remain in the
bill. It has always been held in all other cases
that the power of removal was a necessary con-
sequence of the power of appointment; that when
the President appointed an officer who was pro-
vided for by-law that was aU very well; but he
might at any time appoint another in his place,
as the power of appointment was vested in him,
and that power of appointment necessarily in-
volved the power to remove the in cam bent.when
the President appointed a new officer.
On the contrary, it is said that with regard to
an office created by Congress, Congress has a
right to fix such limitations upon it with reference
to the power of remo-val as it sees fit. That is a
doctrine that has never been acceded to hereto-
fore. At any rate, this is made an exception to.
all rules, even with regard to military officers.
The President has always exercised the power
to strike any man from the list of officers in the
Army if he saw fit to do so, and we have, with
a view rather to acknowledge that power and to
induce its exercise in the presentcondition of the
country, made a special provision by law, I be-
lieve, on that subject.
The difficulty in this case is this: if you pro-
vide that the Comptroller of the Currency shall
only be removed by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, it may happen that in the re-
Scess of Congress this officer may be unfaithful.
$He will wield an immense power in the country
overall these banks with this accumulated capital,
and he could in the course of a very short time,
if he were disposed to do so, produce the most
disastrous effects upon the currency of the coun-
try by his own motion. It will be difficult to say
that the President should not have the power to
remove him if he was found to be exercising the
power of his office in that way. There is that
danger always, and that, perhaps, was the great
argument that made the construction of this power
what it is: that necessarily, as Congress is not
always in session, the President must have the
power of removal in order to guard against evils
that might follow from unfaithful officers who
would otherwise hold their positions contrary to
the interests of the Government. It is desirable
at all events, if this provision is retained, that the
President shall have the power to suspend for a
time for sufficient cause the powers of the Comp-
troller of the Currency until the meeting of Con-
gress, and then report to Congress the reasons
why he has thus suspended him.
The matter, however, came up this morning in
the Committee, on Finance, and it was thought
advisable on the whole to leave the amendment
stand, as we originally reported it, striking out
this clause, presuming that the House of Repre-
sentatives would insist (as it usually does) upon
its own views m lelatiou to this importantamend-
mentof the bill,and it would result m acommittee
of conference, when something could be arranged
between the two committees that would be effect-
ive in relation to it.
For myself, while I see the force of the argu-
ment that this officer ought to be in agreatdegree
independent, I also sec the force of the argument
that the power of suspending him should exist in
the President, because otherwise, during a recess
of Congress, the great interests of the community
might be left at the mercy of the Comptroller of
the Currency, if he should happen to prove an un-
faithful man. We thought the clause, as itstood,
might be unsafe in that particular at some future
time, and 011 the whole we concluded to strike out
the clause, thinking that it would result in an ar-
rangement with reference to it tliatmight obviate
the difficulties on both sides.
Mr. BUCKALEW". 1 desire to move an amend-
ment to the amendmentof the committee. I move
to insert the following words in place of those pro-
posed to be stricken out: "upon reasons to be
reported by him to the Senate;" so that the clause
will read:
And shall Hold Ills office for the term nf five years, utile**
sooner removed by the 1'iOMdent, upun reasons Lu he Re-
ported by hiin to the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that would hardly
meet the difficulty, because it makes his reasons
conclusive whether the Senate likes them or not.
it leaves the power of removal just exactly where
it would be if this clause should be stricken out
altogether, only the President is compelled to re-
port, his reasons to thsSen«it?.„.iytfee;r|ast>H^are
satisfactory to. himself they arcito operate, Th*y .
might not be satisfactory, to the-Senate, but" gull
that would prduce no effect uppti fee sot ifselfe
I think, therefore, that th$. amendment ,to <tto
amendment would ootcticp thp PyiL . - •
Mr. POMEBOy. The effect of it would be
that if the Senate did mat approve of the reasons
given by the President, thesy could refuse to .con-
firm the successor appointed .to the previous
Comptroller.
Mr. FESSENIffiN. Th*t would only make
confusion. It is necessary (hat the office should
be filled.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will con-
cur in the amendment of the comnjittee uncon-
ditionally, for I regard it ag well-settled law that
under the Constitution of the United States the
President has the absolute power of appointment
and* the equally absolute power of removal. I
am not able to see what authority we have to
annex any conditions or limitations to the Pres-
ident's power of removal from office. If he has
the power of appointment, and if the power of
removal is an incident of the po.wer of appoint-
ment, then we have nothing to do with it, and
we can only leave the responsibility of removal
to the President himself. Suppose we should
adopt the amendment suggested by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, and the President should see
fit to remove this officer without giving to Con-
gress any reasons whatever, what would be the
result in law? Would he or would he not be act-
ually removed? Would he remain in office be-
cause the President had not given reasons for his
order of removal, or what would be his condi-
tion ? I should really like to understand from
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania what
would be the legal cortSfequences? I think that
the reasons given by the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Finance for the amendment
which that committee has suggested are perfectly
satisfactory and perfectly conclusive. Let us
leave to the President his full responsibility for
exercising the laws and hold him to that respons-
ibility before the people.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected
The amendment ofthe committee wasagreed to.
■Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps before we proceed
to the consideration of the amendments, t ought
t  make a general explanation with regard .to this
bill. I am induced to do so by inquiries from sev-
eral Senators.
This'bill repeals the act of last year, and is
amendatory of that act. Nearly all the provis-
ions contained in this bill are contained m the act
of last year. There are very many changes,
however, but they are changes of detail, trans-
position, verbal modifications which are found to
be necessary in order to make the law of last year
effective and easy of execution. There are, I
believe, but six or seven important propositions
contained in the new bill that will be likely to ex-
cite the attention of the Senate, and 1 will name
them in order to call the attention of Senators to
them, so that they may see the difference be-
tween this measure anu the measure that wa.t
passed a year ago.
The first important provision of this bill is,
that it provides centers of redemption. Under
the old bill, a bank was not bound to redeem its
issues except at its own counter. If it failed
to redeem there, then provision was made for
winding it up. Under the present bill, certain
cities of the United States are designated where
the banks are required to redeem their issues.
Each bank is to redeem its issue at its center of
redemption as prescribed by the Comptroller of
the Currency. The cities named are the prin-
cipal cities along the Atlantic coast, Cincinnati,
Louisville, Chicago, Detroit, and .two or three
other places. That will strengthen the system
very much by relieving the noteholder from the
tiouble of going from any part of the United States
to u remote village or city, and there demanding
redemption at the counter ofthe bank.
The second main feature is in regard to the tax-
ation of the banks. Under the old act there was
a "rent deal of ambiguity about it. There was
some doubt Whether or not the banks were al-
lowed to be taxed by State and municipal author-
ity The general impression, however, was that
they were nor to be taxed by State and municipal
