2842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
Mr. HALE called for'-the yeas and nays.
■ The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Davis, of New York.and Wadsworth.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 44, noes 54.
So the- joint resolution was not post jjcmed.
'Mr. STEVENS rnaved t'he previous question
on the engrossment of the joint resolution.
-The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The. joint resolution was ordered to life .en-
grossed and readathird time; and being-engrossed,
was accordingly read the third time.
Mi-. STEVENS moved 'the pceviousiquestiori
on the passage of the joint resolution.'
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
• -The joint resolution was passed. ;
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the.joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to'lay the motion to reconsider on the
table. ■
The.latter motioh was agreed to. :•
PRINTING OP PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. A. W., CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported back Seriate bill No. 265, to ex-
pedite and regulate- the printing of public docu-
ments, and for other, purposes.
The'fcill was read in extenso.
- Mr. WASH^URNE, of Illinois. Isuggestto
the gentleman that as this is an important bill it
be ordered to be printed and recommitted. It will
npt lose its place, for the Committee on Printing
can report it back at any time.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I make that motion.
The. motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. STEVENS, from the select committee on
the, subject,.reported Ijack House bill No.438jto
amend $n act entitled "An act to aid in the conr
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,unci secure to
the Government the use of the same foj- postal,
military, and other purposes," approved July 1,
1862. '
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill I have just reported
will come up as unfinished business.
- .The SPEAKER. It will come up the first thing
on Saturday morning us unfinished business.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to.
And then (at five minutes pijsi four o'clock,
p. m.) the House adjourned, ,
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 10, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
The Journal of yesterday was read, containing
the following entries:
. "Mr. Divis nskeil the unanimous consent of the Senate
to Itmoduee, without picvious notice, n joint resolution
to icflmc pf.Mcp among tin: people oi tile United States,
which,' flavins «'ad iiy iu title, Mr Crimes eaiieil lor
tlif>reading ul the resolution; and the lesolution iiavuii;
jieen read at length Iiy tin: Secretary, Mr. Sumser objected
lo us reception.
"Tin: I'kl-.imcnt pro tempore decided tiiat, objection
being raided to tlie reception of the resolution, it could not
be leeemtl.
" Ifrom Una decision Mr. Davis appealed; and
" On tile question, 'Shall the decision of tile Ciuursland
as the judgment o! tile Senate?'
<! It vva* (ieterniiued in the alHimative.
" So the Senate determined that the resolution should
not he received."
Mr. DAVIS. Tiie Journal doe 3 not recitc the
facts as they took place in relation to the joint
resolution which I offered yesterdaythe Sena-
tor from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] stated the facts just
as they occurred; but it is a matter that I feel no
interestabout. I therefore do not choosc to move
to have the Journal corrected; I will merely re-
mark that it does not corrcctly rccite the facts.
The PRiiblDBNT pro tempore. No correction
being suggested, the Journal stands approved.
PETITIONS A IS I) MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of pilots of
gunboats in the service of the United States on
western waters, praying that the rank of officers
may bo assigned them; which was referved to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a" petition of wool-
growers'of Licking county, Ohio, praying an in-
crease of the duty on foreign wool; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mt. SUMNER. I offer a petition from the
Yearly Meeting of the Religious Society of Pro-
gressive Friends, in session a t Longwood, Chester
county, Pennsylvania, signed by their two clerks,
sixth month, 3d, 1864, in which they respectfully
but earnestly entreat Congress to pass a lawabol-
ishing slavery in every part of the United States;
and they add, c?ln time of peace we could not
conscientiously afak you to enact such a law; but
slavery being now in open revolt against the Gov-
ernment, we hold that under the powers incident
to a bloody struggle for the national life you have
a cleat* constitutional right to destroy it, root and
branch, as a nucleus of treason and rebellion."
1 move the reference of this petition to the select
committee on slavery and freedmen.
The motion was agreed to:
' PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND KEFERBED.
On motion of Mr, SPRAGU15, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Margaret A. Lavvrle, on
the fifes of the Senate, toe icferred to the Committee on
Ciiutns.
■ REPORTS I'ROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. Nd.
453) to increase the pensio-n of Isaac Alien, re-
ported it without amendment.
• He also, from the same- committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (S. No. 150) for the re-
lief of Jesse Gould, widow of Daniel Gould, of
Portland, Maine, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr, "MORRILL, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial ot
the auditor of the State of Minnesota, praying
for an appropriation to reimburse that State for
the expenses incurred in suppressing Indian hos-
tilities, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 209) for the relief of
Mary Throckmorton, reported adversely thereon;
and on his motion it was postponed indefinitely.
PRINTING OF INDIAN TREATIES.
t Mr. DOOLITTLE submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:'
Resolved, That there be printed one thousand copies of
all Indian treaties, one.hundred copies to be deposited in
the Library, two Innulicd lor the use ot the tfonatu,«uut the
lemaiiidti for the Tnteuor Department.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILKINSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce u joint reso-
lution (S. No. (jl) amendatory of an act entitled
"An act for the protection of overland emigration
to the States and Territories of the Pacific,5'ap-
pioved March 3, 18G4; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 should like to have the
resolution put on its passage now. I can explain
it in a moment.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Alfairs. The original bill came
from that committee.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. No. 62) for the recognition of the
free State government of the State of Arkansas;
which was read the first time,and ordered to be
printed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicqlay, his Private
Secretaiy, announcing that on the 7th instant he
had approved and signed the following acts and
joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 217) for the relief of Warren
W. Green;
An act (S. No. 236) to provide for granting an
honorable discharge to coal-heavers and firemen
in the naval service;
An act (S. No. 250) to amend an act entitled
"An act making a grant of alternate sections of
public lands to the State of Michigan to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said State, and
for other purposes;"
A joint resolution (S. No. 35) to compensate
the sailors on .the gunboat Baron de Kalb for loss
of clothing; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 51) authorizing the
acceptance of a certain testimonial from the Gov-
ernment of Great'Britain.
MESSAGE FROSfr THE'HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed without amendment the
bill (S. No. 223) to regulate the foreign and coast-
ing trade on the northern, northeastern, and north-
western frontiers of the United States, and for
other purposes; and with amendments the bill
(S. No. 26) to provide for the public instruction
of youth in the county of Washington, District
of Columbia; and the bill (S. No. 266) to prevent
smuggling, and for other purposes.
Tlie message also announced that the House
had passed the .following bills and joint resolu-
tion; in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (No. 510) further to regulate the carriage
of passengers in steamships and other vessels;
A bill (No. 519) repealing certain provisions
concerning seamen on board public and private
vessels of the United States;
A bill (No. 520) for the relief of Samuel Beas-
ton, master of the schooner George Harris; and
A joint resolution (No. 85) repealing an act en-
titled "An act for the relief of E. F. and Samuel
A.. Wood."
JUAN MIRANDA.
On motion of Mr. CARLILE, the bill (S. No.
238) to ascertain and settle certain private land
claims in the State of California was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The original bill,
as introduced by Mr. McDougall, proposed
to allow within four months after the passage of
the act any person claiming lands in California
by virtue of any right or title derived from the
Spanish or Mexican Government to present his
claim in the name of the original grantee or claim-
ant under Spain or Mexico (unless the validity of
the claim of such original grantee or claimant had
already been passed tipon by the courts of the
United States) to the district court of the United
States for the district in which the land claimed
is situated, together with such documentary evi-
dence and testimony of witnesses as he relies upon
in its support. The district courts were to adopt
rules for the presentation and hearingoftheclaims,
to render judgment upon the pleadings and proofs
of the claimants and of the United States, and to
enter such decrees, confirming or rejecting the
claims, as may be just, and to grant an appeal to
the Suprcme-'Courtof the United States in behalf
of any party, if applied for within six months
thereafter. ' "
The Committee on Public Lands, through Mr.
Caulile, reported an amendment to strike out
the original bill, and in lieu of it to insert the fol-
lowing:
Be it cnactcdi That the district court of the United
States for thpnorthern distrietof California be, and hereby
is, authorized and required to hear and determine upon its
merits theclaim ofany person claiming titieunderaMexican
grant to Juan Miranda lor the place known as the {i Rancho
Airoyo de San Antonio," situate mthe county of Sonoma,
State of Cahlornia, who shall present his. claim to said
court within six months after the passage of tins act: Pio~
I'ided, That any testimony heretofore taken befoic tlie
board o( land commissioners under the piovisions of the
act entitled "An act to ascertain and settle the private
land claims in the State of California," approved March
3,1851,in cases numbered fort}-five and eighthundied and
twelve, maybe filed by the clairnantor by tlie United Stated,
subject to all just exceptions to its competency, and that
further testimony may be taken by either party under the
order and direction of said district court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the said district court, upon the pleadings and
pioofs, lo enter its deciee, eonfiiming or rejecting any
claim presented under the provisions ot this act as may be
ju&t, and to grant an appeal to the Supreme Court oi the
United States if applied for by any party within &ix months
fiom the entry ot the decree.
Sec. 3. jlnd he it Jurthcr enacted, That for any claim
finally confirmed a patent shall is-ue to the couth mee or
hi  legal repieswntatives in the manner proscribed by the
tlmteenth section of said act of Maieh 3, 1851.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and tlie amendment was concuircd in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
