THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. February 25,
regard our own engagements, if we would keep
oar own promises. This pledge must be redeemed
if we would maintain the national honor, if we
would cherish and uphold the national faith.
I have only to remark in conclusion that as a
.general rule, or, more properly speaking, as a gen-
eral principle of justice and of policy, all .persons
of the same rank employed in the military service
of the country should be placed on the same foot-
ing in respect to compensation; there should be
no discrimination in this regard. This is clcai Iy
the dictate both of common justice and of sound
policy.
The original resolution, amended as it has been
ttpon the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, vecognizes and adopts this general prin-
ciple.' The amendment moved the other day by
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cowan] in the form of a substitute to the original
resolution recognizes this same pi inciple; but nei-
ther the original resolution nor the proposed sub-
stitute roaches the case in question; and therefore
there is occasion for the amendment moved by
my colleague, and which 1 hope will be adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] is a
good one. I am glad it has been introduced. I
think that itjs eminently just, not simply in ref-
erence to the cases alluded to by him, which this
amendment will cover, but in reference to all such
cases; for there are otheis in the country which
were not alluded to pai'tieulaily in the remaiks
of .the Senator from Vermont. But without re-
ferring to my own State I am for it, because I
think it perfects and improves the legislation of
Congress in this regard. I think I am right in
Baying that the enrollment act which was passed
here ft few days ago had a provision in it that
when a colored man is enlisted in the service of
the United States voluntarily,if some man claims
him as a slave that man is to get §300; but if he
is a freeman, and nobody lias-put a lubber's hand
on him, $100 is to bo paid to the man himself.
Then the discrimination is only $200. We only
invest $200 more in a man as a kind of premium
for somebody to own him.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is one other feature
in that bill which the Senator will pardon me for
alluding to: that $300 is to be paid out of the
commutation money.
Mr. POMEROY. I think tli is amendment will
correct that existing legislation, for I believe it is
not simply retrospective, but it is prospective. It
corrects that legislation for the future; as well us
for the past, and establishes ti precedent that ought
to bo followed, and that I think ought to have been
in the enrollment act. I cannot conceive, of a
greater injustice than to take a person from a state
of slavery, and put the uniform of the United
States upon him, and march him out into freedom
and into manhood, and pay him nothing, while
you nay his master $300. Is it not to be sup-
posed that a man assuming u new relation, that
of freedom, hiking eaio of Innhsrlf, has somebody
dependent upon him? Is itnotaino^t reasonable
request that if there is to be £300 paid for him he
shall have it' Theie is hurdly any man who is
not responsible for somebody in this life, and if
the Government support him after his enlistment
he ought at least to have the §300 on en ti ring upon
his new relation, if not to support himself, to sup-
port somebody that may be dependent on him.
1 consider it an outrage to take a man and put
htm into the service of (he United States, and if
he is free, if he always has been fiee, to «ive him
$100, and if he has never been free to give him
nothing, I think this amendment will cot reet that
legislation, and in that respect I am foi it, for 1
do not think the legislation, as it passed "in the
enrollment act, ought to have been supported.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, on the 3d of
March last we passed the enrollment act that pro-
vided t'ur tiie enrollment (.J all citizens. The Gov-
ernment eniolled, 1 think, in nearly all the loyal
States, certainly m all but Kentucky and West
Vjiguna, tUe iiije colored uiea ft t f oi duty. Those
fiee colored men were liable to draft, and in some
States they were drafted. Some of them enlisted
into the seivice befoio the bounties of the 17th of
October were offered. They are in the service of
the country, enlisted for the bounties which the
local authorities paid them.
The other day we amended the enrollment act,
and we provided that colore/1 persons, slave and
free, should be enrolled and be liable to be drafted.
We provided that when a colored man is drafted, if
he is a slave, the $100 bounty paid to drafted men
shall go to the master. But we say to every slave
in the loyal States, " If you will enlist into the
service of the United States, the day you are mus-
teied into the service you are forever a free man."
That is what we say to them; and we provide for
a board of examination, and to pay the master a
sum not exceeding$300. I think it a wise meas-
ure, and the Senator from Katjsas will pardon
me if I say that I hardly see the consistency of
voting, a year ago, to pay Missouii $20,000,000
to free her slaves, and then stickling over the pay-
ment of $300 out of the commutation money for
a soldier to fight the battles of the country. Sir,
I voted for both, and 1 will vote for every meas-
ure that tends to break down and destroy and
extirpate from the country thesystem of slavery;
and if money is necessary to be used I will use
money for that purpose, and tlunk it a good use
of money.
Sir, the Senator from Vermont proposes that
colored persons who have enlisted under the call
of the 17th of October, which offered a bounty of
$300—an offer that has been extended to the 1st
day of March—shall have the bounty of $300.
That I understand to be the proposition, applying
everywhere except to the States declared to be in
insurrection. I am for that pioposition. I see
no icason why the colored man who follows the
flag of the Republic should not receive the same
pay and the same bounties from the nation, and
the same bounties from the local authorities, as
the white man. In the hour of battle they incur
the same danger, and the blood of the one is as
dear to him as is the blood of the other to him.
There is only this difficulty. By theenrollmcnt
act we have pledged ourselves to pay the loyal
master in the States of Delaware, Mary land, West
Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Mtssoun,
whose slave has enlisted or shall enlist a sum not
exceeding $300. The pledge is made to them.
Now, 1 do notwant. to pay this money twice,and
I want this amendment so modified that it will
not do so. 1 call the attention of the Senator from
Vermont to that point. We do not differ at all m
regard to the duty of Congress to provide that the
free colored men of the country who have enlisted
into the service under the call of the 37th of Oc-
tober for three hundred thousand men, and who
are now serving the country, shall receive from
the Fedeiul Government the same bounty as is
paid to white soldiers. 1 want the provision so
shaped that it will not touch the cases iu Dela-
ware, Maryland, Missouri, West Virginia, Ten-
nessee, and Kentucky, where we stand pledged to
the loyal masters to pay a sum not exceeding $300
for each of their slaves enlisted. What wo want
to do is to establish equality and justice by prac-
tical legislation.
Mi. POMlUtOY. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts did notentirely appiehend the point that
1 nuule,oi tiied to make, jn the dissent that 1 ex-
pressed fi om some of the j>ro\ isions of the enroll-
ment act which was passed a few days ago. 1 do
not object to pnymg a bounty of $100 to the sol-
diei; but the point is that a discrimination is made
against the man who comes out of slavei y. It wag
no fault of his that he was m slavery; lie never
enslaved himself or consented to it voluntarily
that 1 know of. What I protested ayainst was
simply the discrimination to the amount of $*200
against him because of a misfortune, a necessity
over which he had no control. That is the ob-
jection which I tlunk lies to that piovision of the
em oilment act to which I have objected. If this
amendment will in any way remedy that, I shall
most gladly vote for it.
in legard to the vote that I gave on the Mis-
souri question, I think that when Missouri hung
in the balance, we not knowing at that time
whether she would be saved to the Union or way
to go out, believing that the freeing of her slaves
would secure her to the Union, I was willing to
vole §3.>,(>00,000, or any other reasonable sum. I
did not propose to vote that money on theground
of us being a "just compensation" to the mus-
ters, for as a general thing I think that they who
have had the unpaid labor of these men for a life-
time have had compensation enough; and it is time
that compensation began to work the other way. 1
cannot for the life of me see how itis that justice
is always on the one side, and always discrimin-
ating against the oppressed and never for them.
I believe it is time we learned that they have some
rights which white men are bound to respect; and
if misfortune or circumstances that they could not
control have deprived them of their own labor for
a lifetime, and we undertake to introduce them
now to manhood and freedom, I ask, is it too
much to set them up with $100 bounty ? Are we
weighing out justice as we ought to do if we give
the money to the master who has had their ser-
vices for a lifetime? i think eminent justice lies
in this direction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nesmitii
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] to the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Collamer.]
Mr. WILSON. I propose to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont when I can
do so. **
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A further
amendment is not now in order, the pendingques-
tion beina: on an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Let the vote be taken on that.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. LANE, of Kansas,
called for the yeas and nays; and they were or-
dered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe the amendment pro-
posed by the honorable member from Massachu-
setts is the same as the one voted upon a few days
since.
Mr. SUMNER. Substantially the same. This
is a slight change of that.
Mr. JOHNSON. But the result is the same.
Mr. SUMNER. The purport is the same.
There is a little change in the language; that is all.
It is that where according to the enlistment pa-
pers it appears that they have enlisted under the
statute of July, 1861, they shall have the pay
prescribed in that statute.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 understand it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messr?. Okuk, Colhmier, Conness, Dixon, Doo-
•httle, Foot, Fot-tei, Hale, Hauling, Howard, Lane of Kan-
sas, Morgan, Mnrrili, Pomeroy, tipmguc, Sumner, Ten
Eyek. Van Winkle, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Hnckaiew, Chandler, Davis, Grimes,
Harlan, Harris, Jlewteison, Hendrick*, Howe, Johnson,
Lane oi'Indiana, Nes«mith, I'owell, Ramsey, Saul&buiy,
Willui^on, Willcy, and Wiight—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move further to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont by in-
serting the word " free''after "all," for the reason
that all slave persons who have enlisted or may
enlist are already provided for by law; and this
amendment as I propose to amend it will reach
the case of all the free persons of color who have
enlisted and who ought to have the bounty.
Mr. POMEROY. How are all slave persons
provided for by law?
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope that the amend-
ment now proposed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] will not be adopted. The
other day a bill was passed here which I voted
against, and in looking over the record I am very
glad that I did vote against it; and that was a bill
which proposed to muster slaves into the service
of the United States, and to pay $100 each forall
who are drafted and £300each forall who volun-
teer, the money to go to their masters. This
amendment as it was originally introduced by
the Senator fiom Vermont, if it passed, would
result in paying about six hundred dollars for
every slave who should volunteer and be mus-
tered into the service. It is now proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts to insert the word
"free," so as to guard the Treasury of the United
States; arid the Senator says that the slave re-
cruits are already provided for. Yes, sir, you
have provided for them; you have provided that
they shall enter the service of the United States;
you have provided that they shall be placed upon
the roll, that they shall peril their li ves, that they
shall be killed in battle, and you have provided
to pay their masters who do not serve in the ar-
mies of the Union. That is the way you have
provided for the slave soldiers. Now,sir,! wish
to read an extract or two that I have cut from a
paper, showing the conduct of these brave, patri-
j otic, and devoted slaves to whom you do not pro-
i pose to pay one cent of bounty.
