1.866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
authority. The present bili explains that and de-
fmesnt. , '
The bill a* passe<I by the House of Represent-
atives proposes that the banks shall be liable to
Suite and -municipal taxes to a certain extent.
The amendment of the Committee on Finance pro-
poses tta these banks"shall be taxed by the State
and municipal authorities to all extent, and that
the-stockholders themselves shall be taxed on
tfrgtr-stock as upon personal property.
The very important differeq&e between this bill
and the-oki law is in regard ttf the conversion of
State banks to-national banks. This bill modi-
fies and changes the provisions of the old act in
regard to the conversion of State-banks into na-
tional banks> and, without changingthe principle
of the bill, very much improves the maimer in
which old banks organized under the State law
may beeonverted-into national banks.
The fourth important change .is in the rate of
interest. Thebiil as it came to us from the House
of Representatives fixed the uniform rate of seven
percent, interest to be applied to the banks or-
ganized under this act. Under the act of last
year, the State law fixed the rate of interest. In
this particular, the Committee on Finance have
amended the House bill so as to leave it substan-
tially like the old act
Mr. HOWARD. Leaving the rate of interest
to be fixed by ihe State lawr
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.' The fifth im-
portant provision is in regard to the kind of stocks
to be used as a basis for banking. Under the old
act, any kind of United States stocks might be
filed at the Treasury and made the basis of a bank-
ing institution. Under this act, no United States
bonds can be used as the basis of bank circu-
lation except registered bonds to he assigned to
the Treasurer of the United States in trust for the
association; and there are very many provisions
intended to guard these bonds from abstraction
• and from loss. Under the old system, there was
a possibility that by fraud or improper conduct in
the officers of the Government these bonds might
be tampered with and sold; but under tins bill I
do not thmk that is possible. In this respect, the
pending bill is much better than the old law.
Mr. HENDERSON. Can the five per cetit.
.bonds be used ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes,sir; this bill authorizes
any bonds of the United States to be used; but
notes can only be issued to a certain percentage
upon the par value of the bonds. Under the pro-
visions of this bill, there must always be a differ-
ence of ten per cent, between the amount of notes
received on these bonds and the mai ket value of the
bonds themselves. The very moment this margin
is passed, it wj 11 be the duty of the Comptroller
of the Currency to call either for money, or for
new bonds, or new securities to keep up that mar-
gin. In this particular,it is a restraint upon the
issuing of bills.
The sixth important difference is in the denom-
ination of the notes to be issued. Under the old
act, no note could be issued by any one of the
national banks of a less denomination than five
dollars. Under the pending bill, the notes may
be issued of denominations us low as one dollar;
but the very moment specie payment is resumed
in the United States, those notes must be with-
drawn, and then no notes mtfstbe issued of aless
denomination than five dollars. This amendment
was made by the House of Representatives after
some debate, and to meet the demand now made
for small bills.
These, I believe, are all the impel taut modifica-
tions of the system.'
Mr. COLLAMEU. Does it limit the amount
of those small bills?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; the same section
requires that no more than one sixth of the notes
furnished to any banking association shall be of
a iess denomination than five dollars, and they
.must be retired at the very moment specie pay-
ments are resumed.
These are ail the important modifications. I
do not mean, unless compelled to do so by the
course of the debate, to discuss the merits of this
financial system; I did that a year ago; and lam
satisfied after the experience of one year that the
system can be made a success. I only wished to
pomt out these important modifications* I will
make this general observation, that in all resppctg
ail these modifications tend to strengthen the sys-
tem, not to weaken it. They are limitations rather
against the banks than for the banks, with the
exception probably of the modifications in regard
to small notes and the rate of interest. The Com-
mittee on Finance h'avingstneken out the uniform
rate of interest fixed in the House bill, leaving the
rate of interest substantially as under the old law,
that is no longer a matter necessary to be ex-
plained at the present moment.
Mr. COJLLAMER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man toexplain what are theimproved conditions,
as he views them, under which State.banks are
to be brought into this system. He thinks this
bill furnishes facilities for them. What is there
about it which limits and affects the subject of
personal liability ? Is there notsomething peculiar
in the bill as to the amount to which they shall
-ije liable ?
* Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain it to the
Senator, although that question will come up on
one of the amendments.
Mr. COLLAMER. Ido not understand what
is meant by it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the present bill, as
under the old one, stockholders are individually
liable to the amount of stock subscribed by them,
and to an amount equal to that. They are pre-
cisely the same, except that the present bill as it
came from the HouseofRepresentativesexempted
from that individual liability banks with a capi-
tal stock of $5,000,000. The Committee on Fi-
nance have amended the bill in that particular by
making that exemption apply only to the Bank
of Commerce, for reasons that 1 will state here-
after in full when the amendment shall be reached.
Under this bill—if the amendments of the Com-
mittee on Finance shall be adopted—the stock-
holders of all these banks, with the single ex-
ception I have mentioned, and the reason for
which I shall state hereafter, will be individually
liable to an amount equal to the amount of the
par. value of the shares held by them, in addition
to the amount invested in such shares.
The Secretary continued the reading of thebiil.
Thenextamendmentofthe Committee on Finance
was in section one, line twenty-nine, after the
word "responsible," to strike out the words
"freeholders as;" so that the clause will read:
Within fifteen days from th« time of notice of his ap-
pointment the Comptroller shall take and subscribe the oath
ot office prescribed by ihe Constitution and laws of the
United States j and heshall give to the United States a bond
in the penalty of $100,000, with not lest, than two respons-
ible sureties, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain to Senators
the reason why tins amendment was proposed by
the committee. The word "freeholder" is usu-
ally used in laws relating to sureties, and espe-
cially in old laws; but in some of the larger cities
some of the very wealthiest men, who would be
certainly the most responsible sureties, have no
real estate. These securities will be given gen-
erally in the large cities. In the city of New
York many wealthy men even rent their own resi-
dences, do notownany real estate, and yet they are
perfectly responsible. It was thought better not
to make this limitation, but to leave itto the dis-
cretion of the Comptroller of the Currency. One
of the wealthiest men in New York might offer
himself as a surety on this bond 
Mr. GRIMES. This clause refers to the bond
of the Comptroller himself.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same principle is ap-
pliedto sureties in other parts of the bill. There
is no reason now, when land is really personal
property, and easily conveyed and transferred,
why wc should require a surety to be afreeholder,
because land may be transferred as readily as
stock or any other personal property. The rea-
son of the old English rule has ceased, and it is
scarcely worth while to preserve it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section three, line seven, after the word "plates,"
to insert the words " not necessarily in the pos-
session of engravers or printers;" eo that it will
read:
That there shall be assigned to the Comptroller of the
Currency by the Secretary of the Treasury suitable rooms
in the Treasury building for conducting the business of the
Currency bureau, in which shall be safe and secure fire-
proof vaults, in which it shall be tho duty of the Compttoller
to deposit and safely keep ail the plates not necessarily in
the possession of engravers or printers, &c.
Thfe amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section six, line eight, after the word " particu-
lar," to insert the words " county and;" so that
the clause will read:
2. The place where its operations of discount and de-
posit are to be carried on, designating the State, Terri-
tory, or District, and also the particular county and city,
town, or village.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section six, line twenty-one, after the word " no-
tary," to strike out the word "and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the nineteenth line of
that section the words "such certificate with"
should be inserted after the word "and" in order
to make the meaning plainer. It is a mere verbal
amendment. The clause will then read:
The said certificate shall be acknowledged before a judge
of sotne court of jecord or a nntaiy public, and such certifi-
cate with tho acknowledgment thereof authenticated by
the seal of such court or notary shall be transmitted, &.c.
The amendment was agreed-to.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire if this reading
is for the purpose of amending the bill any fur-
ther than the amendments proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ordinary
course is to go through with the amendments of
the committee first.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section nine, line six,after the word "State," to
insert the words " Territory or District;" and m
line eight to strike out the words "said State,"
and to insert the words "the same;" so that it
will read:
That the affaiis of every association «hall be managed
by not less than five directors, one of whom shall be the
pi evident. Every director shall, dunng hi* whole tetm of
seivu-o, be a citizen of the United States; and at least
tluee font ths of the directors shall have resided in the
State,"Teriitory, or Disliict in which such association is
located one yeai next preceding their eleoiions sis direct-
ors, and be re«ident< of the same during then continuance
in office.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in section twelve, iine nineteen, after the word
"shares," to strike out the following words:
Except that the shaieholdeis of any banking association
having not less than $5,000,000 actually paid in asiN capital
stock shall be liable as afoiesaidoniy tithe amount invested
in their shares.
Mr. SHERMAN. T a;n instructed by the
Committee on Finance to move to insert what I
now send to the Chair in pNee of the words pro-
posed to be stricken out. This is an important
amendment, and I desire the attention of the Sul-
fate to it:
Except that the shareholders of any bank association
now existing under State law, and having a capital stock
of not less than §5,000,000 actually puul in. and a sutpius
fund of twenty per cent, of it< capital ^toek acrually on
hand, shall be liable only to the loss of the amount in-
vested in their shares, so long as soia sin puts, iund shall
remam undiminished.
The purpose of the amendment is to enable the
Bank of Commerce in the chy of New York to
come iri as one of the banking associations under
this act. It is the only bank in the United States
organized under State law that has a capital of
over live million dollars, and that comes within
the descriptive words contained in this clause.
The section, as it came to us from the House of
Representatives, provided for the individual lia-
bility of all banks except banks with a capital
stock of $5,000,000. I feel very sure in saying
that the purpose of the House was to embrace the
Bank of Commerce by the exception; but their
exception may embrace other banks besides the
Bank of Commerce. Of eoui so, other banks may
be organized under this act with a capital stock
of $5,000,000. The purpose of the Committee
on Finance is to confine this exception to the Bank
of Commerce alone. [ state it thus strongly, so
that I may present the reasons which induced
us to make the exception.
The Bank of Commerce is organized under ar-
ticles of association or articles of copartnership,
more properly called, said to have been framed
by Chancellor Kent in 1839. it has a capital
stock of $9,000,000, and a surplus of over twenty
per cent, on its capital stock. All its capital is
paid in; it has nocirculation; it is the largest bank
in the United States^ it watf Organized with a vtew
