1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the chair.) The question is on ordering1 the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. CONNESS. Before that be done, I should
like to get the attention of the Senate to this bill,
as it is one of great consequence. This is a bill
to authorize the alleged grantees of a very large
and valuable' tract of land in California, upon
which the city of Petaluma, in the county of So-
-noma, is situated, to go into the United States dis-
trict court for the northern district of California,
and have the privilege of attempting thejre to es-
tablish theirclaim to the land in question. Before
1 say anything about it I should like to be pre-
ceded by the Senator who has reported the bill to
"the Senate. It is a hill very much at variance
with the interests of the people of California, and,
as I behove, with justice^ I should like first to hear
the Senator from Virginia who reported the bill
say what,can be said in its favor, and then I will
present some views and some documents in re-
gard to it.
Mr. CARL1LE. There is a report accom-
panying the bill giving the views of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, which i send to the Secre-
tary and ask to have read.
The Secretary read the following report, which
Was'made by Mr. Carlile on the 9th of May:
' The Committee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
bill S. No. 538, " to ascertain and settle pi ivate laud claims
in California," have had the same undei consideration and
beg leave to report:
That the mischief designed to be remedied by the bill
had better he corrected, and relief, where justice de-
manded it, afforded by special acts rathertfoan by a general
law, and have therefore reported an amendment by way
of substitute for the lull, to the end that justice may be
done and the nation's faith, under oui treaty with Mexico,
maintained in the only case which, in the opinion Of the
committee, called for the action of Congress.
It appears from the decisions of the Supieme Court ot
the United States, dehveied at thu term commencing m
Decembci, 1859, and again in 1863, in the case of the
United States us. E. E. YVhite, administratrix, &c.,andof
E. E. White vs. The United States, that the title to the
tract of land known as the " R&neho Arroyo d« San An-
tonio," is not in the United States, but in the heirs or le-
gal representatives of one Juan Miranda, who settled upon
the Jand in the yeat 1837, under a provisional grant made
by General Vallejo, as dnector of colonization, and so
continued m possession, residing upon the land until his
death in the wintei ot 1845-46, leaving his children in
possession, who remained in possession thereof attd held
the same when the counuy was ceded to the UnttedStat.es
by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
The archives of the Government of Qlexico which con-
tained the evidence of the final grant to Miranda for the
land named, which was ordeied on the 30th May, 1644, and
which, on the 8th October, 1844, was confirmed by formal
, decree or giant, were not discovered until Mr. Stanton, the
present Secretary of War, reached California as agent of
the United States Government under the Administration ol
Mr. Buchanan.
In 1859 the Supreme Court clearlyexpiesscd the opin-
ion that the claimant of the tiact of land under the Miranda
grant, who wa> no party to the suit, hdd a light to inter-
vene in tiie district court and assort his claim to the land
in question, hut the district court decided otherwise, which
decision of the di-tiict comt was afthmed by the Supreme
Coin t after argument upon application for a mandamus.
The Supieme Court thus reveisihg its own opinion as ex-
pressed tn 1859.-
Wuh the admission of the highest ootirt in thelandon
the record, that the United States have no claim or title to
this land, the committee cannot conceive that we should
adhere to a rignj, technical construction of the law ol 1851,
which was. douhtiuj in vvordsandch.iractei.and acting un-
der which the party, by a common error of the profession in
its construction, and which was subsequently sanctioned by
an opinion of the Supreme Court, did not proceed in time
binder that law, which, by iu own limitation, has now ox-
pued. It seems to the committee that the Government-of
the United States cannot take advantage of the provisions
of that law and claim this land as public laud, which is the
necessary result it the pnrty claiming underMirandais not
entitled to be heard.'
All that the hill now reported by the committee provides
for is, that those claiming under the Miranda grant shall
have a heating. If he or they can establish his or their
claim, well and good; if they cannot establish it, the land
xvih then belong to the Government of the United States.
.That l* the w hole effect of it- '
' The land is claimed under a sale made bv a deerce of a
probate com t in California; but as thei e may be objections
to that sale, the committee have sodtawri the substitute
for the bill as to allow the heirs of Miranda to obtain titl«
to the land if they have not, by their own act or that which
binds them, divested themselves of the title. If they have,
thcirvendeo,orwhoeverclafms the land under a valid pur-
chase and is of right entitled to the Miranda grant, will,
under this bill, obtain the laud.
Mr. CCXNNESS. I move at this stage that the
bill be indefinitely postponed. I prefer that the
question be taken in that way. The reason why
1 offer that motion rather than to have the ques-
tion taken on the engrossment or passage of the
bill is this: the attempt to get (his case into court
haa been made again ami again before Congress,
and as long as these attempts are simply put over
from session to session, no matter what degree of
pretense, whether it be litlleormuch of title tfiere
is in behalf of these parties, it constitutes a cloud
upon the title of due of the most thriving and
important towns in California; and- therefore I
desire, if it shall meet the sense of the Senate
when they have heard the facts in. the case, that
the vote shall be to indefinitely postpone the bill
so as to allow these people* to enjoytheir property
in peace hereafter. I- make that motion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think I understand the
facts in this case, having been -once cn'uusel'ad-
verse to the present applicant, and- thinking that
I do understand the question of title,-the facts in
the case of which my colleague sp'eaks should
be understood by the Senate. If he hasnny fact's
in the case that I am not advised about, I should
like to be informed before I say anything; but if
he cannot advise me 1 will say now what I have
to say.'
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will pro-
ceed. It belongs to the affirmative of'this prop-
osition to state' what they have to state in advo-
cacy of the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Certainly, I will oblige my
colleague.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senator from
California will allow me to make an inquiry as to
the fact in this case. Was there ever a title to
this land emanating from the Spanish Government
or from the Mexican Government? ;
Mr. McDOUGALL. There was.
Mr. HOWARD. Was it a perfected title? -
Mr. McDOUGALL. It was as perfected as
any of our grants; but there was a dispute be-
tween two grantees, Ortega and Miranda.
Mr. HOWARD. The question which Iput
is whether it was a mere concession, a mere in-
choate, impoifect title involving the necessity on
the part of the grantee of performing some act in
older to perfect and mature his title, or whether
that proceeding had been completed and the title
had become perfect.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will answer the Sena-
tor exactly. The1 first concession was to one
Ortega, but befote the——
Mr. CARLILE. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator from California for a moment, to inform
the Senator from Michigan that if he will read the
opinions of the Supreme Court in 1859 and 1863,
which I now send to him, he will obtain the in-
formation he desires.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It happened as an occa-
sion of my business as a lawyer in California to
be employed by the parties adverse to this claim.
I studied the question carefully us counsej. My
opinion, as it was the opinion of the bar generally
in, California, was that the question was fairly
put so as to be brought up for judgment by the
Supreme Court. It was not, however, so consid-
ered by the judgment of the court of final resort,
and they only expressed' an opinion affirming
that the interest I represented h&d n.ot the right,
but that the Mirancja title had the right. That
was expressed in clear and distinct language in
the judgment of the Supreme Court. AIL that is
sought for now is simply the bare piivilege of
asking the judgment of that court as to the valid-
ity of the title. To deny that woulcl.be.to deny
a right. While I am not with these claimants
except in the sense of wishing to ,see right,done,
and while all the interests with which I have been
connected athome have beenhostile to their claim,
I say that it is our duty to give them the oppor-
tunity to maintain their right. It is no grant of
land that they ask. They ask the bare piivilege
of appearing in our courts. Here I will be bold
enough to say that I think the Supreme Court
when it laid down the ultimate rule that they had
not the right to interplead made a mistake. It is
possible for the court to make mistakes. The
Supreme Court, however, has said that these
persons hav.e a just right, and this proposition' is
simply to authorize an appeal to the courts now
to have their rights dcteimmed.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 will detain the Senate but
comparatively a little while, if I can get their at-
tention, in regard to this measure. Thisisacase
where parlies, a man named T. B. Valentine, and
| another named Brooks, profess to hold a title to a
\ grant of land located in the county of Sonoma,
I upon the site now known as the town of Petaluma,
! one of our largest interiot towos;^a giant alleged
to have been made to a native Cahiomian or Mex-
i ican named Juan. Miranda or John'Miranda.
There w as:- rihpth'errettfrrdfed gfaht,'|^V,the Same
ht'nd'to'a part,y na,raed 'Ortega, Avfe^'was .atog/jt
Mexican, and who w a s the sihh i 11A1 a w of Miranda,
having married' Miranda^ daughter. " / t
It will be remembered.t^i&t utjd^o^^treaty
with Mexico, by which,w,e acquire^ thwe title
California, we bound ourselves tointratre ifrtoami
ascertain the rights of Mexican5eitizenf .f#faftds
in California/ Toth&tend^'in 1851',th$X^6'ngr£&s
of the United Siatei established Wjhatii known $s
the land commission?? created « hoard of three
commissioners, whb were awh^tizted to iVceife
petitions from all .claimants 6f- that,'c|iarA<5ter to
Iqrid within the bounds ofCaiifornia; and theaci,
which I have before me, provided that that pre-
liminary court or board gfeottld o^eped/Tor
the period of three years,foY^dt,'purpose.'" The
period of existence .of that board, as created? in
1851, was finally extended to1856,making aperiod
of five ye^rs. During the period of the existence
of that board, llVe-claimants under the pretended
or alleged ^Ortega title presented their case.- It
was knowrrby a given number on the docket ot
that court. The heirs of Miranda, namejy, Val-
entine and Brooks, presented their ciaim to the
same land also, in the^ name of Miranda.- • The
two claims were for thesame ranch or parcel, of
land. '
Mr. DAVIS. How were they Miranda's heirs ?
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator asks me how
they happened to be heirS of Miranda. "There-
by hangs a tale." I did notintend't'ogb into that
arifl occupy the attention of the Senate tpo long.
After Miranda died, which wafc at a very «drJy
period, these parties entered' into some arrange-
ment with the heirs, an# thexitj P^Mirahd^.^s
probated in the county of Marin- in .California,
which is the county next adjoining Sonoma, not
the county in which the property was located.
ThQ county judge, who waS ifie probate judge
under the laws oT California, appointed a special
administrator, and that special administrator or-
dered a sale of this real estate or the title of these
par^ei? in,it,.at>>ha preset jpretegded own-
ers of the title, were purchaser®. That was how
they obtained' their title. Iffeufosequentiy turned
out that the probate jiid,ge who ordered this sale
in this eminently legal way became at the same
time an owner of one half the title, which'he
passed over to other parties and they passed back
again. Suffice it to say that how they came into
possession of the title':is h'ot very creditable to
the parties concerned. I do'ftot wish to go into
that longer at the present time. But it was 'cleat
that two parties m thirbdard of land commis-
sioners could not establikh'their claim to the sainpe
piece of land. -They'knew that; consequently
they entered into a contract'each with th6 othefc
which I have here before me. 1
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator pfew
read it? I: should like to'hear it.' , ^ "
■Mr{ CONNESS. 1 have'here before me&'copy
of the contract entered into by thesWo parties by
which they agreed, each with the dther, that Val-
entine and Brooks, the parties wh'p now ask 'the
passage'of this bill to iet-them ;into court>gaifi)
would withdraw theitf'-cJairhs frorriMtfre board of
land' commissioner's, find engaged'to give thdir
efforts to the confirmation of the OrtegA clafltfi',
they agreeing when the Ortega claim wds con-
firmed to sell the land and divide the proceeds be^
twecn them. - ^The docume'nt is nbt a very loftg
one. If it l'sl desired f will read it br send it to
the desk that it 'may be' ^ead: tftis isfronTthb
original records irt the case: ' '
Memorandum of ngrffMiiPHt made This 29th day of Janu-
ary, in the year of our Lord 1855, between James F.-£tew-
,ii t, G. li. l'ost, George X. Uplmm, Joseph A. Post, Volaey
E. Howard, and E. O. Crosby, reprinting ,aud prosecur
ting claim No. 5oS, (the Ortega claim,] beloro the United
States land commissioners for settling private laiiq claims
in California, parties* of die first pait, and Thomas 15. Val-
entine. claimant, and Benjamin S. Brooks, Esq., attorney
of record in cases Nos. 45 and 812 [.the Miianda casej>] on
the docket of the said United States land commissioners,
parties ol'tlie second part. •
Tiie said parties of the first part, for and m consideration
of the sum of one dollar, to them m hand paid, and of di-
vers other good causes and considerations,them thereunto
moving, have covenanted, promised, and agreed, and by
these presents do covenant, promise, and agree to and
with tiie said parties of tiie second part,' their executors,
administrators, and assigns, in manner and loim following:
that upon request, after the execution of thh indenture,
tiiey will appoint an agent to make sales Oi land described
in said claim, and,.after deducting expenses, uH moneys
'received tor said landshflU he divided as follow*: for the
sale nt that portion of the claim known as the lower half
! of the Miranda claim, one third of all money* received
