1864.
G'ONGliESSlONAL' XHtOlflt
mm
from a bank under a general hanking law which
the Suite can cl.augu. The Senator, as a lawyer,
will see the difference at once. The fact is, as 1
am well informed, that this is the only institution
in the country that is organized under articles of
copartnership between man and man; and then
having those articles of copartnership they availed
themselves of the organization of the general
banking law of New York. They are peculiar.
■I examined this question until [ satisfied myself.
As I stated to gentlemen frankly, I was decidedly
and thoroughly opposed to this proposition up to
the moment that f ascertained that fact. I said,
"Very well; let this institution go; there is no
reason for making an exception cxcept so far as
applies to themselves; and although it is hard on
them, they must wind up tiieir business and come
in regularly if they see fit." But the difficulty is,
that much valuable time is lost and much advant-
age may be lost in the time taken to wind up their
business and become a new bank under our sys-
tem. That cannot be done in a day or an hour
or a month or six months; and .in the mean time
the country and the system which weate dosiious
of inaugurating lose the privilege, if privilege it
be, of having the support and countenance and
the aid of this institution in carrying the system
into effect; and the consideration that the exam-
ple and power of the institution would be of ben-
efit to the country in inaugurating and giving
force to the system which we are speaking of was
sufficient to influence me to consent to the amend-
ment which has been offered by the Senator from
Ohio.
If I am wrong in this, theie is no ground what-
ever to make the exception. I admit the forec of
all that my friend from Missouri has said with
reference to making an exception at all. To me
the idea was so objectionable that 1 could nut get
over it; and nothing, as I said before, no argu-
ment that could be' brought to bear on my rmnd
with reference to the bank itself, or anything con-
nected with its own interests or claims, or any-
thing it had done or might do, would have pre-
vailed upon me to change my opinion; but I saw,
or 1 thought I saw—for I will not be certain in
these days that 1 see anything—that if this sys-
tem is to comc into operation and is to bo a bene-
ficial system, which we must presume if we pass
it, then it would be importantto the system itself
that it should have the aid of an institution so
strong as this is; and that induced me to be will-
ing to take the consequences of an apparently in-
vidious exception.
Mr. HENDERSON. I know that the Senator
will excuse me for troubling him. I desire to ask
him what benefit it will be to the Government for
the Bank of Commerce to come in under this sys-
tem. Fie has spoken of the advantage, and so
has the Senator from Ohio. I really want to know
what advantage we shall realize by the Bank of
Commerce coming in; what will the Government
get by it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Itissuppoaedin the first
place that the Government gets all the influence
and aid and power of that bank, as well as other
banks in the city of New York, in becoming one
or perhaps the first to accept the national system;
and you may imagine whether a bank with a cap-
ital of $10,000,000, wielding the power that it
does necessarily, and with the character it has,
must not exercise over a question of this kind a
very great influence. ^
Mr. HENDERSON. What is the real benefit
the Government gets by the bank doing it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is thegeneral ques-
tion applicable to thegeneral bill which I am not
arguing. 1 stated expressly that if the system
is to go into operation, and is to be a beneficial
system, that leeult will follow. As to the bill
itself, that is ^question which 1 leave to my friend
from Ohio to aigue.
Mr. GRIMES. It occurs to me that the argu-
ment of my friend, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance, goes a little too far. 1 might say
to him and to the Senate that it would strengthen
the financial hands of the Government to make
an exception in favor of all the banks in New
Yoik, including thirty or foi ty millions ofdoliais;
and if we desire to strengthen the Govcrnmentm
this way, why shall we not exclude from the op-
eration of the personal liability clause nil the
banks in the city of New Vork? Is it simply be-
cause the Hank of Commerce happens to be pos-
sessed of ten millions of capital, while the others
have only one, or two, or three millions or half
a million of capital? Why not make the rule
general, and let it apply toh|I the banks in New
York and all the banks in Boston?
It seems to. me, I confess, that there is no prin-
ciple whatever upon which this exemption of the
Bank of Commerce can be justified. 1 have list-
ened very attentively to the arguments that have
been adduced here on the part of those who ad-
vocate I#is provision, and I confess that I am still
unconvinced. Let us look and see what is going
to be the effect of it in New York., The chair-
man of the Finance Committee tells us, and 1
have no doubt he is accurate in his statement, that
in the State of New York no bank can issue any
currency unless the stockholders are individually
liable for the issue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To a certain amount; to
the amount of their stock. I understand that to
be so.
Mr. GRIMES. And the Bank of Commerce,
under the operation of that rule, has been re-
strained fiom issuing any circulation. Now it
proposes to come in under our general national
banking law, and to be permitted to issue bills,
as other banks issue bills; and therefore this is
to be the only bank in that State and the only one
in a large cluster of States—for there are many
States having similar provisions—that can issue
any bills where the stockholders are not individ-
ually responsible for the bills that are issued.
Mr. COWAN. I will tilso lemaik to the Sen-
ator they ate allowed to do that in contravention
of the constitution of the State of New York. It
is not a mere legislative provision, but it is in-
serted in the constitution of 1848 of that State
that there shall be no banks of cisculation within
its limits unless the stockholders arc individually
liable.
Mr. COLLA.MER. This bank was chartered
before.
Mr. COWAN. I know it was; but still it
comes within the provision.
Mr. GRIMES. That is an additional reason,
I think, why wo should not adopt tins proposi-
tion. A year ago the Senator from Ohio urged
the Senate to pass what he called a umfornftrank-
ing bill; and he gave us very glowing predictions
as to what would be the effect of that bill. It
was to operate, equally 111 all the States'of this
Union; and every citizen of the country was to
have an equal advantage under that bill if it
should be enacted into a law. Only one year has
elapsed since its enactment; and now a substi-
tute for the law is brought before us; and the first
material amend mentis to exempt from the opera-
tion of the law the largest money institution ot
the country, by declaring that the stockholders
of that institution shall not be personally liable
to the country for the bills that it issues and for
the transactions that it may carry on.
It seems to me that this is not a very fortunate
beginning. If we are to have a change this year
ill favor of tins immense monetary corporation,
what shall we have next5 is such a proposition
as this calculated to ically strengthen—for that
seems to be the principal argument for the adop-
tion of this proposition—tlie confidence of the
country in the system which we are asked to
adopt? i doubt it, Mr. President, exceedingly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays;
and tney were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest thatas the amend-
ment was first reported it was to strike out a cer-
tain provision of the House bill. I suggest that
the vote be now taken on the second amendment
offered by the committee, inserting certain words.
I ask that the Secretary read the words proposed
to be inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) A motion to stiikeout and insert
is not divisible.
Mr. SHERMAN. A motion to strike out and
insert is one amendment; but in this case the
propositions are reported as two distinct amend-
ments, so that there can he a separate vote on
striking nut and on insetting.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, is the motion
of the Senator from Ohio to insert the words pro-
posed by him independent of the motion to strike
out?
Mr. SHPER ANv it so r«f orted.. The
(juestiOn shouid'ffrst bB'taken, I think, on strik-
ing OUt. • ■ ■
The PRESIDING OFFICER. - A iflotiw- to
strike out anti insert is indivisible. If thte: motion
of the Senator from Ohio is tb insert the <wor<l&
proposed by hirit without reference to- striking
out the others, this is an independent proposi-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will -withlsotif the
motion to insert until the questioh -ia taken an
striking out. -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The -fluefetMta
then is on striking out the words which im com-
mittee report in favor'of striking oat.
Mi". FfeSSENDEN and others. We had bet-
ter take the question together.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well,let ustake the ques-
tion together on striking out and inserting.
Mr. GRIMES. I thank we had better first
concur in the report of the committee striking out
this clause.
Mr. SHERMAN. I alvcays like to approkch
everything correctly and fairly. I* am in favor,,
for the reasons I have stated, of enabling the Bank
of Commerce to come in under this act. TheYe
is no other way of enabling them to do it; The
Senator from Iowa says we a're legislating spe-
cially for them. We are not legislating for them;
we are legislating for the country. If they stood
in the same position as any other bank in the
United States, I would be the last man to pro-
pose to grant them a special privilege; but they
do not. I explained, 1 think, sufficiently to the
Senate that this bank was organized under arti-
cles of copartnership, that by the principles, of
the common law those articles cannot be changfej
except by the assent of every person in interest.
All other banks in the United States are organ-
ized under general banking laws or under acts of
incorporation which are the mere creatures of
municipal law. The State may change them;
the State may pass an enabling act; all the other
banks may come in under the provisions of this
act with the consent of the State which organ-
izes them; but this association being- a copart-
nership cannot engage in bankingmndertliis sys-
tem without the consent of every stockholder. It
is not banking under the banking law of the State
of New York, but it is banking under the original
articles of association, which are so framed as
to enable it to accept the provisions of the taws of
the United States with certain qualifications and
exceptions. This bank cannot come in under our
law unless we enable it to do sio by this express
exception. J think the reasons are ample and
sufficient to vote for it.
Mr. WILSON. I want to ask the Senator a
question before he sits down: I ask him why it
is necessary to have individual liability in any
case ? r
Mr. SHERMAN. I think thatindividual lia-
bility tends to prevent the stockholders and di-
rectors of a bank from engaging in hazardous
operations. I never would be willing to surren-
der the general principle of individual liability.
It is ingrafted now on the constitutions of many
of the leading States of the Union—the constitu-
tion of the State ofNew York and most of the
western States. I would not surrender individ-
ual liability in any case except for grave public
reasons, and I find these reasons applicable to the
Bank of Commerce, and therefore I am willing
to make an exception.
Mr. WILSON, ^ir, it is an object to get all
the State banks to adopt the national banking sys-
tem. One "Or the other of the two systems should
prevail exclusively in the country. In some of
the States the.stockholders of banking corpofa-
tions are not "personally liable.
Mr. -FESSENDEN. They are liable to the
amount of stock held by them.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the bank fails alto-
gether, the stock is lost.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In all the New England
States they are liable to the amount of their stock.
They may lose their stock, and are liable to the
same amount as their stock.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Dixon'J 'Says that the stockholders are not
personally liable in Connecticut. In Massachu
setts the stockholders aie not personally liable
for deposits or any debts of the bank excepting
the Cifctrtation. We securc by our own stOeKs
