242
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
P.8th Com. ... 1st Sess.,
Laws of the United States.
and ice, as well as mud, (lir£, or other annoyance;
and shall further, whenever nccessary to render
sucherosstngs dry and convenient, raise or elevate
the game sufficiently for that purpose; and shall
adjust the adjoining pavement, so as to make it
convenient for carriages to pass said crossings.
Sec. 21. Jlnd be it further enacted. That for
each and every violation of the foregoing provis-
ions, the said spmpany shall forfeit and pay a
sum not less than five dollars, and not more than
one hundred dollars, which may be recovered
with costs of suit, on complaint of any person
aggrieved,"in any court of competent jurisdiction
in the District of Columbia. Such action may
be prosecuted in the name of the cit-y of Wash-
ington, and one half of the penalties recovered
shall be for the use of the city of Washington, and
the other half for the use ofthe complainant: Pro-
vided, however, That any party complainant shall,
before such action, file with the clerk of the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia a bond
to be'.approved by the clerk of the said court,
with at least one surety, to be approved by said
clerk, and in a penalty of one hundred dollars,
conditioned that the complainant shall well and
truly save harmless and indemnify the said city
against the payment of all costs and chargeswhich
shall be recovered against said city by reason of
the failure ofthe complainant to prosecuteor main-
tain his said complaint.
Sec. 22. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
said railroad company shall, by the fifteenth day
of January, after the completion of said road,and
annuallyon or before thatday thereafter, transmit
to Congress a full report of the affairs, business,
and condition of the said company for the year
terminating December thirty-one preceding such
report, and such report shall be signed and sworn
to by the presidentand treasurerof thecompnny,
or by a majority of the dnectors, and shall spe-
cify the following items:
First. Capital stock fixed by charter.
Second. Capita! stock subscribed and actually
paid in, in cash.
Third. Dividends made to stockholders on the
capital stock of the company, and when made.
Fourth. Total capital stock at the termination
of the previous year.
Fifth. Funded debt of the company, and in
what way secured.
Sixth. Floating debt of the company.
Seventh. Total indebtedness of company ex-
clusive of capital.
Cost of road:
Eighth. Total cost of rails, chains, spikes, and
other iron used in construction.
Ninth. Total cost of ties, stringers, and other
wood or timber used in construction.
Tenth. Cost of paving-stone,gravel, and other
material used in construction not above enumer-
ated.
Eleventh. Cost of labor in the construction of
the road.
Twelfth. Costof engineering and salaries paid
to officers and agents of the company, and dis-
count or interest paid on loans.
Thirteenth. Amount expended in repairs of
road.
Cost of equipment:
Fourteenth. Number and cost of cars.
Fifteenth. Number of horses or mules in the
service ofthe road,and cost.
Sixteenth. Cost of harnesses and other appoint-
ments.
Seventeenth. Cost of tools and fixtures, includ-
ing furniture of offices.
Eighteenth. Cost of real estate and improve-
ments thereon by the company.
Characteristics:
Nineteenth. Total length of road, measured
as single track, including switches and turnouts.
Twentieth. Weight and character of rail.
Twenty-first. Number of passengers carried
during the year.
Twenty-second. Average number of passen-
gers per trip.
Income of road:
Twenty-third. Total receipts from passengers.
Twenty-fourth. Total receipts from other
sources, and what sources.
Expenses of operation and maintenance of
road:
Twenty-fifth. Amount of salaries paid to offi-
cers of the company.
Twenty-sixth. Amount paid to employes, with
the number each of clerks, conductors, drivers,
station-keepers, and laborers.
Twenty-seventh. Amount paid for taxes of all
kinds, and insurance.
Twenty-eighth. Amount paid for reconstruc-
tion of, and repairs to, track, turnouts, and other
structures.
Miscellaneous:
Twenty-ninth. Amountof dividends paid'dur-
ing the preceding year, in cash, and dividends
in stock to stockholders, and percentage of each.
Thirtieth. Increase of capital stock, if any,
during the year.
Thirty-first. Number of persons killed, or se-
riously injured, on the road during the previous
year, and the causes thereof.
Sec. 23. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of said company, when said road is
completed, to have prepared tickets for passage
on their cars, and to keep them at their office for
sale by the package of twenty-five, or over, at the
rate of twenty-five for the dollar.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
Chap. CXCI.—An Act to incorporate the Poto-
mac Ferry Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofSmerica in Congress
assembled, That Henry D. Cooke, John B. Hutch-
inson, H. C. Fahneetoclc, Thomas Clyde, and
William B. Hatch, and their associates and suc-
cessors, or a majoiity of them, are hereby created
and constituted a body-politic and corporate by the
name and style of the Potomac Ferry Company.
Sec. 2. jlnd be it further enacted, That the
capital stock of said company shall not be less
than one hundred thousand dollars, nor more than
five hundred thousand dollars, to be divided into
shares of one hundred dollars each.
Sec. 3. Jlndbeit further eraaefed, That said com-
pany is authorized and empoweied to establish
and run a lino or lines of vessels, propelled by
steam or other power, between the cities of Alex-
andria and Washington, and other ports in the
State of Virginia, on the Potomac river, Chesa-
peake bay, or the tiibutaries of the same.
Sec. 4. Jlndbe it farther enacted, That said com-
pany is also authorized to purchase, hold, and
grant such real estate as may be necessary to
carry into effect the purposes of this act, and to
build all necessary docks, wharves, and buildings
thereon for their own use; may transport pas-
sengers and freight of every description, subject
to the rules and regulations and laws ofthe United
States; may sue and be sued; may have a com-
mon seal, and generally may have and possess
the rights and privileges usually possessed by
similar corporations.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the af-
fairs of said company shall be managed by such
officers as the stockholders in general meeting
shall elect, and such agents as may be'appointed
by the board of directors. The persons named
in the first section of this act, or a majority of
them, may call a meeting of the stockholders for
the purpose of organizing said company, atsuch
time and place as they may determine upon, after
advertising the time and place of such meeting
for ten days, in one or more newspapers pub-
lished in the city of Washington. The officers
of said company once elected shall hold then-
offices until their successors are chosen.
Sec- 6. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the said
boaid of directors may make all necessary rules
and by-laws for the tiansfer of the stock and the
general management of the business of said com-
pany; and each stockholder in said company shall
be individually liable for all claims against the
same at the time such claims accrue.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That this act
shall be enforced from the passage thereof.
Sec. 8. Jlndbeit farther enacted, Th^t Congress
may at any time hereafter alter, amend, or repeal
this act.
Approved, July 1, 1864
Chap. CXCII.—An Act authorizing the Levy
Court of Washington County, in the District
of Columbia, to levy and collect its portion
ofthe Direct Tax imposed by the Act of Con-
gress of August five, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the levy court of Washington
county, in the District of Columbia, is hereby
authorized and empowered to levy and collect, m
the same manner as other county taxes in said
county of Washington are levied and collected,
a sum sufficient to pay the county's proportion
of the direct tax imposed on the District of Co-
lumbia by the act of Congress approved August
five, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and the ex-
pense and cost of collecting the same, and that the
aggregate of said direct tax imposed by the act
aforesaid shall be distributed and apportioned be-
tween the cities of Washington and Georgetown,
and that part of said county of Washington lying
outside the limits of said cities, according to the
assessed valuation of property made in the juris-
diction of each by the assessment last prior to the
date of the passage of said act of August five,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
Chap. CXCIII.—An Act to authorize the Cor-
poration of Washington to levy and collect
the Direct Tax imposed by Act approved Au-
gust five, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the corporation of the city of
Washington be, and they are hereby, authorized
to assess and collect a tax not-exceeding the rate
of fifteen cents on every one hundred dollars of
the valiie of all real and personal property in said
city, and on any and all other subjects of taxa-
tion as made and returned by the board of assess-
ors of said city, to enable the said corporation to
pay to the Government of the United States the
tax imposed by act approved August five, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one: Provided, That any
surplus that may accrue from the imposition of
the tax as herein provided shall be deposited and
applied to the use of the general fund of the said
city of Washington.
ArrnovED, July 1, 1864.
Chap. CXC1V.—An Act to expedite the Settle-
ment of Titles to Lands in the State of Cali-
fornia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That whenever the surveyor general
of California shall, in compliance with the thir-
teenth section of an act entitled "An act to ascer-
tain and settle the private land claims in the State
of California," approved March third, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, have caused any private
land claim to be surveyed and a plat to be made
thereof, he shall give notice that the same has
been done by a publication, once a weekforfour
consecutive weeks, in two newspapers, one pub-
lished in the city of San Francisco, and one pub-
lished near the land surveyed; and shall retain in
his office, for public inspection, the survey and
plat until ninety days from the date of the first
publication in San Francisco shall have expired;
arid if no objections are made to said survey, he
shall approve the same, and transmit a copy of
the survey and plat thereof to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office at Washington, for
his examination and approval; but if.objections
are made to said survey within the said ninety
days, by any party claiming to have an interest
in the tract embraced by the survey, or in any
part thereof, such objections shall be reduced to
writing, stating distinctly the interest of the ob-
jector, and signed by him or his attorney, and
filed with the surveyor general, together with
such affidavits or otherproofaas he may produce
m support of the objections. At the expiration
of said ninety days the sunreyor general shall
transmit to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office at Washington a copy of the survey and
