1:870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
th.e<circulation of the national, banks. One of our
objects is t© secure a national uniform currency;
so we secure the circulation by the plighted faith
t>f the Government of the United States, Why,
then, hold the stockholders individually liable?
Does the Finance Committee believe that making
the stockholders in these national banks individ-
ually liable will induce the sixteen hundred banks,
with more than four hundred million dollars of
banking capita), .to adopt this national banking
system? They propose to exempt the stockhold-
ers of the Bank of Commerce, in the city of New
York, from personal liability; Why not then,
e.xempttl^e stockholders of all other banks and all
stockholders in national banks from personal lia-
bility? If it is safe to exempt the stockholders
of the Bank of Commerce, why is it not safe to
exempt all other stockholders? We secure the
circulation of these national batiks by pledges of
the stocks of the United States. We believe that
security to be ample. Why then seek additional
security?
lam accustomed, Mr. President, to follow as far
as I can do suthe recommendation of committees,
and especially the wishes of the Executive De-
partments of the Government. In doing sol am
compelled sometimes to suboidinate the convic-
tions of my own judgment to the better judgment
of others, and to the wishes of those upon whom
rest the burdens and responsibilities of administer-
ing the Government. Were I to follow the convic-
tions of my own judgment I should vote against
the passage of this bill. 1 would repeal the na-
tional *?atikiiigaciof lastyear; 1 would compel the
State banks to withdraw their circulation at the
earliest possible moment; I would not permit the
circulation of the paper of any banking house in
the country. I would give thy people of the Uni-
ted States the priceless benefits of a safe and uni-
form national currency of legal-tender Treasury
notes, and secure to the Government and to the
people the benefits of circulation of five or six
hundred millions of legal tender-notes of the Gov-
ernment. During the past thirty years the peo-
ple of the United States have lost hundreds of
millions of dollars by the failures of banking in-
stitutions and^he fluctuations occasioned by the
expansions and contractions of their circulation.
The people have been seeking for a safe and uni-
form papercurrency, butthey have soughtin vain.
In some of the States the bank circulation has
been well secured, and the people protected against
losses by the failure of banks to redeem their cir-
culation. In other: States a wretched and irre-
sponsible system has prevailed, and the people
have been cheated out of millions of dollars of their
hard earnings. The exigencies'of the country
have forced the^Government of the United States
to make Treasury notes a legal tender, and to is-
sue these notes in quantities large enough fully
to supply a national currency for the Government
and people. Make the State banks banks of dis-
count and deposit, but not of circulation. Let
the people, the Government, and the banks use
only as paper currency legal-tender Treasury
notea,ana you will save from twenty-five to thirty
miliums of interest to the Government, and se-
cure to the nation what it never possessed be-
fore, a safe and uniform national currency, at par
always and everywhere. This is the system my
judgment approves.
But, sir, wo should not permit the country and
the people to suffer by allowing a national bank-
ing system and the State banking system to jostle
each other. One or the other should yield to the
necessities of the Governmentand to the interests
of the people, if we are to have this national
banking system as itseems to be the policy of the
Government to have it, I see not the necessity of
making the stockholders individually liable. We
secure the circulation; that protects the people;
let the individual stockholders take-care of their
own affair^ Let.them appointgood directors and
managers of their institutions, or let them lose
their money.
Mr, SHERMAN. It is the depositors and
creditors we want to secure.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think it is the busi-
ness of the Government to look after the inter-
ests of d'posuors and creditors. -
Mr. KE^fciENDEN. Those who holdthecir-
eulation are creditors.
1 Mr,. WILSON. I know they are, but we se-
tUe circulation by the pledge of the #tock uf
the United States, and that security under all cir-
cumstanceswe believe to be ample and complete.
I think the bill-holders aie abundantly secured
without this individual liability, and I do not care
to secure depositors and other creditois of the
banks.
* Mr. POMEROY. The Senator will bear in
mind that this ig the easiest personal liability clause
that perhaps ever was in a bill. It is not that one
individual is liable for the debts of the concern;
but they are liable ratably and no.t one for another.
A man who has one share in the bank is riot liable
for the debts of the bank. The individual who
may own but one share is only liable ratably,
and is not liable for the whole responsibility of
the bank, and one party is not liable for another
party; and if there is but one responsible man in
the concern you can only collect ratably of him,
and you cannot collect the whole debt of the in-
stitution.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator tell us what
such a provision as that is worth to a man?
Mr. POMEROY. I said it was the easiest per-
sonal liability clause I ever saw in a hank bill,
and the Senator from Massachusetts should not
be scared at it; it will hurt nubody in Massachu-
setts.
Mr. GRIMES. But is it worth while, for the
sake of creating such an individual liability as
that, to mar the symmetry of the bill by exempt-
ing the Bank of Commerce from its operation?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very easy for Senators
to sneer at this matter. This is the very pro-
vision contained in the constitution of New Yoik
and Ohio, and'other States. It is the easiest in-
dividual liability that can possibly be enforced.
I would not give a cent for a lawyer who could
not by filing a petition in the proper form make
every stockholder who was worth anything pay
to the extent of his stock. If ho is not worth any-
thing you cannot make him pay. It is true the
stockholders aie not liable fui each other; each
stockholder is liable only fur the amount of his
stock. If A, a stockholder, fails, B, his fellow-
stockholder, is not liable to make good the share
of A; and why should he? To the extent of the
liability of the stockholder the provision is as per-
fect as it could possibly be drawn. I say it can
be easily enforced, and such provisions have been
enforced. Unuer this very bill, if a bank was
closed the receiver would be bound to collect
this liability of the stockholder just as he would
any other debt due to the bank; and 1 do not think
it can be made any stronger or any better.
The-PRESIDliN'GOFFiCER. The Chair may
have gone further in its decision on the question
of striking out and inserting than the rules would
strictly warrant. If the Senai or from Ohio means
to take the question on the report of the commit-
tee to strike out the lines recommended by the
committee to bcstricken out, the Chair will enter-
tain that as an independent proposition.
Mr.SHERMAN.^ I prefer to take both ques-
tions together so as to have but one vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
then will be taken on striking out and inserting.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Let the question be
stated exactly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is proposed
in the twelfth section to strike out these words;
Except that the shareholders ot any banking association
having not less than &5.000.000 actually piu<i nt a& its capi-
tal stock shall be liable a* afoiesaid oni> ?o the amount ;n- ;
vested in theii shaics. - ;
And in lieu of them to insert: i
Except that the shareholder;; of any hanking association ;
now exi-?un<i under State law and having a capital stock of j
not less than actually paid in and a surplus hind j
of twenty percent, of its capital '-lock actually on hand, ^hni! '
be liable only to the loss of the amount inve>ied in their j
sbaies so long as taid surplus fund ;-haii icinain undunm- j
iahed. |
Mr. GRIMES. I rise to obtain information.
I understand that the proposition now is to strike !
out that portion of the bill which the committee [
recommended should be stricken out, and to in- i
sert the amendment sent to the Chair by the Stiua- }
tor from Ohio. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tiiht i« the I
proposition before the Semite. j
Mr. GRIMES. I wish now to know whether, j
if the Senate r< fus^ to adopt thcH amendment, the :
question \wti then be on concumng m the repmt j
of the committee to strike t>ut the words within
brackets iu the Dnnicd bill. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
the question, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole proposition to
strikeout and insert is the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. GRIMES. What I desire to-know is
whether after we refuse, if we do refuse to adopt
the proposition of the Senator from Ohio, we shall
be precluded from concurring in the report of the
committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The'Senateof
course will not be precluded from adopting any
other amendment which a maiority may see fit to
adopt.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose that the re-
sult of an affirmative vote upon this proposition
will be to exempt the Bank of Commerce and no
other bank.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will be the effect.
Mr. HENDERSON. If we vote down the
pioposition of the Senator from Ohio now offered
us coming from the committee, we shall then have
the privilege of voting upon the proposition in
the bill to exempt any §5,000,000 bank.
Mr. SHERMAN. Anybody can move to strike
that out.
Mr FESSENDEN. I take it that the rejec-
tion of a motion to stuke out and insert would
not preclude a motion being afterwards made to
strike out simply.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Clearly not,
in the opinion of the Chair.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Chtik, Con-
nchs, Dixon, Fefcsenden, Fo^tei, Hale, Howard, Lane of
Indiana, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeioy, Sherman, Spiaguo,
Sumner. Ten Eyek, Van Wmld", Wiiiey. and YViKoji—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Jhickaicw, Cailile, Oollarner. Cowan,
Davi.-, Dooiittlo, Grime-,, Kriuhn;.'. JJend< i-nn, Hendi ic.k*,
Laneot Kansas, McDuug ill, NV'^noih, Powell,and Toddle
—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in line twenty-two of section sixteen,
after the word " desire" to insert " to reduce us
capital or," and after the word "act" in line
twenty-iive to insert "nor fiom taking up the
bonds upon which no circulating notes have been
delivered;" so as to make the pioviso to that sec-
tion read:
Prooide-l, That nothing m this section shall prevent an
association that ma> desire to i educe us capital or to close
up its- Im^mess and dissolve itsorganization hum taking up
tl/- bonds upon retuuinm m (he C'ompli oiler its cnculaung
notes in tlie proportion hereinafter named m ibis a.ct, nor
fiom taking up the bonds upon which no circulating notes
have been dehveied.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in scction nineteen,
after " United States''m (be fourth line to insert
" m trust for the association," so as to make the
clause read;
That all transfers of United States bond5* which shall
be made by any association under tiie piovi^ion-of tins
act shall be made to the Tiea^urei or the United States in
trust for the association, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word "kind"
in line twenty-four of section nineteen to insert
"and numerical designation of the," so as to
make the clause read:
And it shall be the duty or the Comptioller, immedi-
ately upon countersigning and entenu,? the t-ame, to ad-
vise by mail the association fjom who>e account Mieb trans-
fer was made of tiie kind and muiiene if designation of the
bonds and the amount theieoJn&o tian^ieried.
The next amend men I was in line four of section
twenty-four, before tiie woid "destruction" to
strike out ihc words "loss or," so as to read:
"And also on due proof ot thrt destruction of any
such circulating notea, to deliver in place there-
of." &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was <u line two of section
twenty-fiwj, to strike out the words "either the
president or cashier of" before " every," so as
to read, " that it shall be the duty of every bank-
ing association," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amend mem v/as in line twelve of sec-
tion twemy-fivi' to insert tiie word-* <J officer or"
be lore " agent."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was m section tweivy-six,
in lines twenty-nine and thirty, to strike out the
