2846-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
treaty September 3,1863, for the, fiscal year ending June
30,1884, $10,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 move to strike out" 1864"
and insert "18G5."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before the amendment of
the committee is adopted I desire to add at the
end of the word "dollars" in line eleven hundred
and seventy-seven- the words " payable on con-
dition that the said nation ratify the amendments
made by, the Senate."
"The treaty has been ratifipd by the Senate, and
it is wise the appropriation should be made, but
iffhether the Creek nation will ratify the amend-
ments of.the Senate or not has,not been pro-
claimed; The amendments are very important
amendments.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to inseit:
For interest on $200,000, at five per cent, per annum, for
same object, per (bird article treaty September 3, 1863, for
fiscal year ending June 30, 1865, $10,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to strike that out.
The motion was agreed to.
The nextamendment was to insert:
For payment of first installment, to be expended for their
benefit in tlie purchase of .stock, horses, sheep, clothing,
and such other articles as the Secretary of the Interior,
with the council of said nation, may direct, per iourtli ar-
ticle of treaty September 3,1863, as amended by the Senate,
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864, $40,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to change " 1864"
into " 1865" in that clause.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move the same words in
addition, " payable on condition that the said na-
tion ratify the amendments made by the Senate."
The amendment to the amendment wag agreed
to;and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was to insert:
For second of five installments, to be expended for their
Irenefit, fbi same object, pet fourth article of tic.ify Sep-
tember 3, 1863, as amended by tin; Senate fm the fiscal
year ending June 30, 18(55, $20,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that that be
stricken out.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The word "agents," in
line eleven hundred and ninety-nine, should be
agent." There is but one now in California.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have some amendments
on that subject to conform the bill to the law which
we passed. Let that be passed over for the pres-
ent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. 1 withdiaw the
amendment now.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to insert after line twelve hundred and
seventy-five the following:
Cherokee nation:
For interest on the "abstracted bonds" belonging to tlu;
national funds, $14,385.
For inteiest on the u abstracted bonds" belonging to the
school fund, $3,270.
For interest on the proceed-* of sales of school lands in
Alabama, sold at different limes lioni and including the
second quattcr o( the year 1850, to December 31, 18G0,
computed to March 1,1861, $16,758 04.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the Com*
mittee on Finance to offer two or three other amend-
ments to the bill. In lines eleven and twelve, on
page X, I move to reduce the general appropriation
" for the pay of superintendents of Indian affairs
and of Indian agents," from $101,200 to $98,800.
This reduction is made necessary by the changes
in the system in California.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In line eighteen, on page
2, I move to strike out "temporary" before
" clerks," to strike out the letter " s" at the end
of the words "clerks" and "superintendents,"
and in lines nineteen and twenty to strike out
" one for the northern and one for the southern
district," and to reduce the appropriation from
$3,000 to $1,800; so as to make the clause read:
For pay of clerk to superintendent of Indian aff.ms in
California, ยง1,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In line twenty-one I move
to strike out " five supervisors" and insert" four
agents;" and in line twenty-two to strike out
" $9,000" and insert " #7,200."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think it will be more
simple to strike out the twenty-first, twenty-sec-
ond, twenty-third, and twenty-fourth lines, and to
insert:
For pay of four agents, $7,200.
For pay of one blacksmith, one assistant blacksmith, one
farmer, and one carpenter, $2,400.
That will carry out the law of the present ses-
sion in regard to the Indian service in California.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will answer the pur-
pose, and I accept it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I observe that as the bill
is printed, the appropriation of $1,000, which
should be at the end of the fifty-seventh line, is
omitted. I move to add it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. From the Committee on
Indian Affairs I move the following amendment,
to come in after line two hundred and eighty-three,
on page 12:
For the salary of an agent for the Kioway, Apache, and
Comanche I ndians, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1865,
$1,500.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have some
explanation of that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The bill was passed by
the Senate some time since providing for the es-
tablishment of an agency for the Kioways, Apa-
chcs,and Comanchcs, which are wandering tribes,
and it is necessary in the estimation of the De-
pal tment that there should be an agent for them.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is there no provision in the
bill as it stands for them?
Mr, DOOLITTLE. No, because this is a new
agency, established at the present session by a
bill we have recently passed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is another amend-
ment necessary after line thirteen on the 1st page
of the bill to carry out a bill which we passed
some time since, giving an additional salary to
the agent at the Green Bay agency:
For the salary o( the agent at the Green Bay agency to
make the Mini $l.50U,an additional stun of'$500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. By the Committee on
Indian Affairs 1 am instructed to offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in after line seven hun-
died and sixty-four, on page 32:
For deficiencies in subsistence and expenses of removal
and suppott ot the Sioux and Winnebago Indians of Min-
nesota during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864, $137,-
293 40: Prondcd, That the portion expended in behalf of
the YVmnebagos shall be leimbursed to the Treasury upon
the sale of their lands m Mmnej>ota.
This is a pretty large appropriation for a defi-
ciency,and I desneto state to the Senate the facts
upon which the Committee on Indian Affairs felt
called upon to recommend the adoption of the
amendment. It will be remembered by the Sen-
ate that growing out of the Indian hostilities in
Minnesota, not only the Sioux who were engaged
in those hostilities but the Winnebagoes were also
removed from the State of Minnesota to a reser-
vation upon the upper Missouri. It will be re-
membered that Congress in the action which it
took confiscated to the Government of the United
States the annuities in the hands of the Govern-
ment belonging to the Sioux. The Winnebagoes,
however, not having been engaged in hostilities,
provision was made for the sale of their lands in
the State of Minnesota and for their removal.
The Sioux and the Winnebagoes have been re-
moved, and in consequence of that removal ex-
penses have been incurred which have created
tins deficiency, and it is necessary that it should
be provided tor. It is one of those necessities
which have [rrown out of the Indian hostilities in
Mm nesota.
Mr. JOHNSON. Have the expenses been
paid in point of fact?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The expenses have been
paid and incurred.
Mr. JOHNSON. The expenses have been
inciured of course, but I want to know whether
they have been paid by the Government, and if
so, out of what fund.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will read the letter of
the supeiintendent of Indian affairs:
Washington, D. o., March 14, 1864.
Sir: Under your instructions. of September 28, J603,1
have had delivered, and being delivered, at their agency,
provisions for the Sioux and Winnebago Indians for (heir
subsistence until the 1st day of May next. These provisions
were, under your instructions, purchased partly on credit.
The time has expired in which tlipv weietobe paid for. and
I have not received the balance of the estimate, .$33,763 40,
which amount is required to meet iny engagements. I
wish respectfully to call your attention to this subject, and
ask that a requisition may be drawn in my favor lor that
amount.
In this connection I would further state that there is no
provision made for subsisting those Indians for the months
of May and June, (the balance of the fiscal year.) This
must be provided to avoid anticipating the regular appio-
priations. I estimate as follows, to wit: three thousand
two hundred Indians, sixty-one days, at fifteen cents each
per day, ,$29,5280.
Very lespectfully, your obedient servant,
CLARK W. THOMPSON,
Superintendent oj Indian Jljj'airs.
Hon. William P. Dole,
Commissioner of Indian Jljf'airs, Washington, D. C.
These Indians were removed last year to this
reservation on the upper Missouri, but there was
in all the western part of Minnesota and Iowa and
all that region of country, such a drought as has
not been experienced for yeaVsand years before,
and actually nothing was raised for their support,
and in consequence of that provisions had to be
purchased to prevent them from starving, and
transported from Iowa and Minnesota to the Mis-
souri river for their support. They have been
purchased from necessity, and these liabilities
have been incurred by the superintendent of In-
dian affairs, and it is believed to be a necessity
that this appropriation should be made. The
Senator from Minnesota is now in his seat, and
he is more familiar with all the facts, as the mat-
ter transpired in his own State, than I am; and if
the Senate desire any further explanation, I have
no doubt he can give any explanation which is
needed. The committee have regarded it as a
matter of necessity.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not yet understand
howthe full amount is made up.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to inquire whether
when we ordered this removal last year, there
was not an appropriation made to meet the ex-
penses of it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There was something of
an appropriation.
Mr. POMEROY. How much?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe it was $50,000
last year and ยง50,000 the year before
Mr. POMEROY. And this is in addition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is to make up a de-
ficiency for liabilities actually incurred.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 really do not understand
this matter; I presume it must be right; but I
have noticed that in addition to the $100,000 al-
ready spent, we appropriated last year $250,000
to pay the State of Minnesota for depredations
committed by these Indians; and then they have
a claim before our Committee on Claims now of
$125,000 for deficiencies, and here is an item of
$137,000 for deficiencies. It is a most remarkable
state of facts. ' That is all I can say about it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I sec nothing remarkable
in it. We confiscated to the Government of the
United States the property of the Sioux nation
which was in our hands to theamount of between
two and three million dollars, and by the legisla-
tion of Congress in spccial acts which we passed
we assumed out of that property in our hands be-
longing to the Sioux nation to make some repara-
tion to the citizcns of Minnesota for the damages
committed by those Indians during the Indian
war. We first appropriated $200,000, and put the
money into the hands of commissioners to go to
the State of Minnesota to inquire into the facts and
to distribute that amount of money among those
who were most needy, and who had suffered most
in consequence of the war. The same commis-
sion weie also authorized to inquiie into the
amount of damages which had been incurred by
the people of Minnesota, and they reported the
amount of those damages to Congress through
the Secretary of the Interior, and a bill was passed
by the House of Representatives, was referred in
this body to the Committee on Finance, and has
since been passed by the Senate, appropriating
nearly eight or nine hundred thousand dollars
more to pay those damages.
* These aie the facts; but all that has nothing
to do with this question. That was legislation
to pay the damages which were inflicted by these
Indians upon the citizens of Minnesota. Now, as
the Government determined upon the removal of
the indiansand we did remove them, the question
