THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
i'ng on of a war which calls or may call upon all
the able-bodied men*in the country to render their
personal aid in its prosecution, the black man is
necessarily to be treated as a free man, as a per-
son, and not as property, whatever may have
been the light in which he was viewed in the State
where he happened to be. Believing this, I be-
lieve itis but justice in us to give these black men
precisely the same rewards and encouragements,
oe they what they may, that we extend to the
white men. I will consent to make no differ-
ence, no distinction between them; because, with-
out any disparagement to the white race, and with-
out intending to give any offense to any individual
here, I regard all men who are engaged in prose-
eating the wars of the United States as compan-
ions in arms and as brethren. In this respect it
is impossible'that the Constitution should not re-
gard all as equally free. The very nature of the
service is totally 'incompatible with the idea of
slavery, with the notion that one man can have
a property in another.
I cannot, therefore, vote for the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts, because it seeks
to make a distinction between the soldiers of the
Republic, exposed to the same perils and hard-
* ships, the same dangers of whatever description,
and to the like death. It proposes to makeadis-
tinction between them which is greatly to the prej-
udice of the'man who happens to wear a black
skin, but whose valor and usefulness are regarded,
even by him as equal to those of the white man.
This was one ground upon which I opposed
the enrollment bill the otherday, upon which the
Senator from Massachusetts has made some very
earnest, not to say eloquent remarks. I opposed
thatbiU because it made, first, this distinction: it
gave to the master the bounty which in justice
and in honor belongs to the slave. The Senator
thinks he has done enough for the black man
when he has given him his freedom on being
mustered into the service. I regard itasno gift;
I look upon it as no gratuity to the black to give
him his freedom. He becomes, under the Con-
• stitution, ipso facto > free the moment you put him
into the military service of the United States. It
is no gift to him.* It is no benefit whatever to him
as a man, as a person. 1 know that other Sena-
tors differ with me on this subject; but these are
my feist,and I think well-consideredconvictions.
You call him to aid you in your wars; your ne-
cessities remit htm to the condition in which na-
ture herself placed him. The hand of robbery
becomes palsied. Freedom, his birthright, ac-
crues to him as a responsible being, and he again
enjoys what it was not youis to give, anil winch
human foice and crime have withheld. The Al-
mighty, not you, restores to him the «ift of lib-
erty. Tie owes you nothing for it; no, not even
gratitude.
There was another serious objection to the en-
rollment bill lo which I have referred, which the
Senator from Massachusetts did not see fit to al-
lude to. It was this: that the money which is to
be raised by commutation in the loyal States is
placed in the hands of rhe Secretary of War, to
be by him invested in the puichase (if 1 may be
allowed that term) of black soldiers in the slave-
holding States, while those Slates which contrib-
ute the money get no credit whatever for the con-
tribution. It is, it seems to me,an act of injustice
to those States; and with all possible respect for
the Senator from Massachusetts, from whom 1
regret very much to differ, I think he, even m the
old Bay State, will find some little embarrassment
when he is called before the people to account for
his vote on that bill. He may possibly succeed
(for he is an ingenious gentleman) in satisfying
his constituency of the propriety of that vote;
but, sir, I could not undertake to defend such a
vote before my constituents. They would ask
me at once, " Why did you vote for u bill dispos-
ing of our money in the puicha.se of black troops
without securing to the State of Michigan, which
you represent, some little ciedit for the money
thus paid out?" I could not answer the question.
I could not answer it the other day m debate. I
cannot answer it now. 1 shall not undertake to
answer it before my constituents.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Michigan has given us his opinions; buf
the Senator must remember, when he declares
that a slave mustered into the service of the United
States becomes immediately a freeman, that such
has not been the construction of the Government
of the United States nor the action of the States.
During the war of the Revolution many black
men fought in the ranks of ourarmies; and when
the war was over many of those brave black men
were claimed as slaves, and were treated as slaves,
and they and their posterity held as slaves.
In the war of 1812 we called slaves into the ser-
vice of the United States—and Andrew Jackson
called them, in an address to them, " fellow-citi-
zens"—and after those men had helped to win the
glories of New Orleans they were claimed, and
they and their children held, as slaves.
It has never been asserted by the Government
of the United States that a slave mustered into
our service-becomes free when he is mustered in
until the President of the United States signed the
enrollment bill. The House of Representatives
in passing the bill did not assert this power. The
House of Representatives provided that the col-
ored soldier should become free, or rather that
the sum of $300 should be paid to the master on
his freeing the slave who should enlist, and the
sum of $100 should be paid to the master on his
freeing the slave who was drafted. In the com-
mittee of confercnce I took the ground that [
would not consent that a man should wear the
uniform of the United States for a moment as a
slave. I insisted that he should be a freeman
when he was mustered into the scrvice by the
authority of the Government of the United States,
whether the master consented to free him or not.
The committee of conference agreed to that prop-
osition, and it has been sustained by both Houses
of Congress; and now, for the first time in our
history, it is asserted by this Government that
when a slave is mustered into the service of the
United States, that moment he is free, and free for-
ever. I may over-estimate the importance of that
declaration by the Government of the United
States. I thought it was a great, high, and noble
position to take, and the nation will hold it, and
will .stand by it.
But Senators complain that we make some con-
sideration to the masters of the slaves. Have
they forgotten that early in this war they voted
$300 for each slave to the slavemasters of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, when we made the capital of
the Republic free? Not as a matter of strict jus-
tice, but as a matter of peace and harmony, for
the repose of the country and the maintenance of
kind feeling, we agreed to pay them $300 for their
slaves. They have accepted it; and I believe there
are but very few among them who would restore
slavery in this District if they could. Who re-
grets it? Ayearago mostof these very gentlemen
voted $20,000,000 to aid Missouri in emancipa-
tion. Do they regret that vote? They voted for
the ievolution that they would aid the loyai bor-
der States in emancipation. Do they regret the
passage of that resolution? I do not.
Sir, (.voted for all those mcasuiesingood faith,
not, perhaps, as a matter of justice, for I do not
recognize the right of a man to own another, but
I lecogmze existing institutions aiound us as
practical facts to be dealt with; and if^ little
money will smooth the way in this woik of
emancipation and of destroying slavery and bi ing-
ing the people of the country together m union
and harmony, brothers of a common family, I am
willing to vote it. Sir, when 1 see an opportunity
in the Congress of the United States to take one
step, I will tak\i that step. If I do not get all I
want, I will take what I can get; and then I will
clutch at the next opportunity and take the next
step. J believe that we should act in that spirit,
and for one I intend to do so.
I tell the Senator from Michigan—and 1 know
he recognizes it as well as I do—that we never
could have passed that measure thtough the Hous ■
of Repiesentatives declaring these slaves free on
being mustered into the service, without making
someconsideralion to those whoelaimed theirser-
vices. This proposition came, I undoistand, from
a distinguished gentleman from the State of Mary-
land, a gentleman who during the past year has
rendered services to the cause of emancipation in
Maryland and m the countiy that the loyal anti-
slavery men of the countiy will not soon forget
— I nvan Henhy Winter Davis. We amended
it. Wo improved il. Wu did not leave ittofli'*
ma:?fi r to fake the compen^ahon on On' freeing of
ins slave, but we suid to the master, "Your slave
I; is fiee when he is mustered into oui set vice, and
we will tender you so much." Wc are masters
of our own position. I think it is a great ad-
vance; not that we shall not advance further to-
morrow or the next day, but it is a great advance
for to-day; and I am glad I had the privilege of
giving a vote to push the cause along so far.
But, sir, I suppose we shall not have a vote on
this measure to-night, as I was told by the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] who has left
the Chamber, that he wished to examine the sub-
ject a little further, and perhaps to make some re-
marks upon it. I desire now to call attention to
another subject. A message has been received
from the House of Representatives announcing
that they have disagreed to our amendments to
the bill reviving the grade of lieutenant general,
and asking a conference. I desire to have that
message taken up, with aview of agreeing to the
conference on our part.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Before we dispose of
the joint resolution now under consideration, I
wish to offer an amendment to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Vermont, and have it
printed.
Mr. WILSON. I will give way to the Sena-
tor for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the amendment will be received and or-
dered to be printed. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In connection with
it, I should like also to have the amendments pro-
posed by the Senator from Vermont and the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts printed.
There being no objection, the amendments were
ordered to be printed.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 26) reviving the
giadc of lieutenant general in the United States .
Army, disagreed to by the House of Represent-
atives.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Tipialvt'd, That tiie Senate insist upon its amendments to
the said bill, disagreed to hy the llouse ot Representatives,
and agtee to the conference a^ked by the Ht>use upon the
dt.-as rc< ma; votes of the two Houses thereon.
Oulcrcd, That the conferees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Wil-
son, Mr. Lane of Indiana, and Mr. Johnson.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 9th instant, a copy of the proceed-
ings of the general court-martial for the trial of
Assistant Surgeon Webster; a report of the Gen-
eral-in-Chief of the Army on the management of
general hospitals; general orders in relation to the
nudical depaitment; general oiders containing
regulations relating to hospitals, and copies of let-
ters conveying instructions m regard to hospitals,
dated, respectively, January 28, August 5, and
December 31,18G3, and January 29,18G4; which
was leferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
i and the Militia.
j EXTENSION OF BOUNTIES.
| Mr. WILSON. I ask leave to submit a reso-
| lution. I do not wish to have action upon it to-
i night; but I desire to introduce it now, and 1
j should like to have it read so that Senators may
1 reflect upon it by to-moirow:
| Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
; stinoU'd to eonf-sd' r the expediency of extending ihc pro-
vision-. ot the joint resolution of Jannaiy 13, 1864, concern-
ing bounties, to the 1st day of Apul next.
CONSOLIDATION OF SURVEYING DISTRICTS.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to postpone all prior
; orders, and take up Senate bill No. 117. It will
! take but a moment to pass it.
t The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 137) to provide for the con-
solidation of certain surveyor generals' districts.
It directs that, until otherwise directed by law,
the surveying district of public lands for the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico shall be extended to em-
brace the Territory of Arizona; that the survey-
ing district of pubiic land-? of Colorado^hall be
extended to embiace the Ten itory of Idaho; that
the suiveying district of public lands of Oregon
shall be exlendod to embrace the Territory of
Washington; that the surveying dishict of pub-
