1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
1871
words " shall not <1 i m j * * ami insert " that,"
and arrer the woid " treasurer" in line thirty-
one to insert " shall not be diminished," su as lo
make the clause read:
Piovitletl, That the remaining bonds which shall have
been uansten^d l.y the banking association otlerlng to sur-
render cju-ulauiii.; nolo- „ hnli be equal to the amount re-
quired loi ilic cccuiafnis notes not sin rendered b> sueh
hanking asocial ton, and that the amount of*bonds in the
hands oi the Treasurer chilli not be diminished below the
amount required to be kept on deposit with hurt by this act.
The amendment was agreed to'. i
.Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the
Committer oil Finance to offer an amendment to .
come in after ,the word " Comptroller" in line
twenty of section twenty-six:
Upon fne terms proscribed by the Secretary of the Troas- J
uiy ni.iv pet m it an exchange to be made of any of the bonds' ;
deposited with the Tteasurer by an association for other I
bonds of the United rttat s authorized by tins act to he 1
received as secuutv for eneuiating notes, if ho thai! be of ;
opinion that sueh an exchange can be'made without pre-
judice to the United States, and he. j
Mr. HENDERSON. \ do not know that I )
understand the amendment. Is it to permit the t
Secretary of the Tieasury to allow any bonds I
that may now be deposited as the basis of the *
circulating medium to lie withdrawn and other I
bonds that may be subsequently issued by the
United States >o be substuuttd in their place?
Mr SHERMAN. It is simply to allow a ;
change of one class of bonds authorized for an-
other class of bonds authoi ized. The language :
is carefully Raided. The association, wjih the i
assent of the Comptroller and the Secretary ot
the Tieasuty, may exchange one clays of bonds ,
for another class of bonds authorized by the act. ■
Mr. HENDERSON. What act? I
Mr. SHERMAN. This act. !
Mr. HENDERSON. That is, any bonds lieic- '
after issued. <
Mr.. SHERMAN. The fourth section of the j
act describes the kind (if bonds that may be used, !
United Suites bonds bearing interest payable in ]
gold. • ;
Mr. HENDERSON. The fourth section pro- ]
vides: |
That the teim '• United Slates bonds,'' as used m this i
act, -li.ill he eon-trued to m<v.u .ill tegistered bond.-now i
i.«.ned, oi that may lieieafter be issued. on the faith ot the '
United States, by'the Secietaiy of the Treasury, in pur-
suance ot law.
Theamendment now proposed, as I understand
it, will enable any bonds that may be hereafter
issued, with the consent of the Secietary of the
Treasury, to be substituted in lieu of the bonds
that may have been heretofore placed with the
-Comptroller as the basis of a circulating medium.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is in connection with
another section which fixes the value of these
bonds, and limits the amount of circulation lobe
issued upon them.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
-word "or" and inset t " and," in line eleven oi
section twenty-seven.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
eight, which limits the purposes for which real
estate may be purchased, held, and conveyed by
any national banking association, to stiike out
in lines seven, eight, and nine the words "for
Joans made by pueh association in the usual course
of us banking business, or for money due theic-
-to,"and to insert " for debts previously con-
tracted;" so as to maij! the clause read:
2. Such rw shall he moifgasjed to it in good faith by waysf
seeuriu lot debt-* previously contacted.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I ask the Senator from
Ohio what this amendment means?
Mr. SHERMAN The bill, as it was sent to
us, allowed these banking associations to ioan
money upon real estate security. The commit-
tee changed that so as to allow them to take a
mortgage fur u pieexistmg debt, but not to loan
money upon real estate security.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Not to lean money upon
mortgage ? .
Mr. SHERMAN. They have no ngnt to
loan money r.oo-s nn^tgage; they,must take per-
sonal security > i uv t:,-r adei i is> contracted, they
may, in to sjcure tiio ueof, t&ki a mort-
gage on real estate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nest amendment was in section thirty,-
which fixes the rate of interest to be charged by
the associations, to strike out in lines four and
five the words "a rate not exceeding seven per
cent, pur annum," and in lieu iher.eof to insert:
The late allowed by the laws of the State or Territory
when: the hank is located, and no more; and when no rate
i  fixed bv the laws of the State oi Territory, the bank may
take, receive, reset ve, or charge a rate not exceeding seven
percent.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the word
" its" before "deposits" in line nineteen of sec-
tion thirty-one.
The amendment was agteed to.
The next amendment was to insert " Portland,
(Maine,)"afier " Boston,"and strike out " Port-
land" after "San Francisco" in the cities named
in the first proviso to the thirty-first section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section forty, line seven, after the word "asso-
ciation" to insert the words "and the officers
authoi ized to assess taxes under State authority,"
so that it will read:
That the president and cashier of every *=uch association
shall cause to be kept at all tunes a full and coircct list of
the names and lesidences oi all the shareholders in the as-
sociation, and the number of share-; held by each, in the
ollice whoie its business is ttansatted; and such list thai!
Li: --ubp'et to the inspection of all the shareholders and cred-
itors ot the association, and the. officers authorized to assess
taxes under State authority, during business hours, of each
day in which business ina> be legally transacted, &.e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section forty one, line nme,aftei the woid "act"
to strike out the following clause:
And nothing m this act shall be construed to prevent
the taxation by States ot the capital stock of banks organ-
ized under tins act, the same a-* the pioperty of other mon-
eyed ( oi position--; ler ^tute or municipal purposes-; but no
Slate shall nnpose any t i\ upon sti< h associations, oi their
capital, circulation, dividends,or business,at a higher rate
ol taxation than shall be imposed by such rttate upon the
same amount of moneyed eapiial in the hands ol individual
citizens of sueh Slate: Pro tided, That no State tax shall
be imposed on any pait of the capital stock oi sueh asso-
ei irion invented irt the bond* ot the United States, depos-
ited as secuuty lor its circulation.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
And in lieu of ail other taxes, every association shall
pay to the Treasurer of the United States-, m the months
ol "January and July, a duryot one hail of one per cent,
each nalr > ear, (torn and aitei the 1st da> of January, lbC4,
upon the avet;i«e amount of its notes m cnculatioti, and a
duty of one qu.uter of one per cent, each half year upon
the average amount ol its deposits, and a duty ol one quar-
ter of oik. percent, each half y< ai, as aforesaid, on the
aveiajre amount of its capital stock bevoud the amount in-
vented in United States bonds; and in ease of default in the
payment thereof by any association, the duties aforesaid
mav be collected in the manner piovided lor the collection
ot United State? duties ot other corporation*,or the Tieas-
urer mas reseive the amount of -;aid duties out of the in-
t< rest a>" it may become due on the bonds deposited with
htm bv such defaulting association. And it shall be the
dutyol each association, withm ten days uom the 1st days
ot January and July of each year, to make a return under
the oath of its president or cashier to the Treastner of
the United States, in sueh ionn as he may presetibe, oi
the average amount of its notes m ciK-ulation, and of
the average amount of its deposits., and of the average
amount ot its capital stock beyond tile amount invested
in United States bonds lor the six months next pieeeduig
said 1st day•> ot January and July as aforesaid, and in de
fault ot sueh let urn, and tot each default thereof, each de-
faulting association shall forfeit and pay to the United
States the stun of .«2U0, to be collected either oat of the
mJere«t as it may become due Mich association on the bond*-
depo; ited with the Treasurer, or at his option, m the man-
ner in which penalties are to be collected ol othercorpora-
lions under the law* of the United States: and in ease of
&ucli default the amount of the duues to be paid by such
association shall be assessed upon the amount of notes de-
livered to such association by the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, and upon the highest amount of its deposits and
capital stock,to be ascertained in suchother maunerasthe
Treasurer may deem best: Provided, That nothing in this
act shall be construed to prevent the market value of the
shares m any of the said acso<. lations, held by any person
or body-corporate, ftom being included in the valuation of
toe personal propcity of such person or eorpoiation in the
ass< fesnient of ail taxes imposed by «r under State author-
ity for State or other purposes, but not at greater rate than
is'asse.-sed upon other moneyed capital m the hand's or in-
dividual citizen* of each fttdte; and ail the remedies pro-
vided by State laws for the collection of such taxes shall
be applicable thereto: Piovided, also, That nothing in this
a.-t exempt the real estate of associations from eirliei 8tate,
<onntv.or municipal taxes to the same extent, according :
to its value, as other real estate i> taxed. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to amend the I
words proposed to be inserted by changing the j
phiaseoiogy a httle. In hues sixty-two and sixty- j
three-, page 35, i move to strike out the words |
" or other,"and to insert4< county or municipal;" I
so that the clause will read: j
From being included iu the valuation of tJo« peryouai i
property of sueh -person or corporation in..the iissessm<£ht
of all taxes imposed by or under State authority for' State,
county, or nymicipal purposes. ,
I offer this amendment to make it ednform to
the provision on the same s.ubject below. -
The amendment to the amendment was agre^dto.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line sixty-three, be-
fore the words "greater rate," I move to insert
the word "a." . <
Theamendment to theamendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line sixty-seven,after
the word "act," I move to insert the word
" shallso that it will read:
Provided aho, That nothing in this act shall exempt the
real estate, &e.
The amend ment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is ot) agreeing to the amendment of tne.pom-
mittee as amended.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. If it should be it will kill
the bill. Under the words proposed to he stricken
out there is a limit to State and municipal taxa-
tion. The final proviso "that no State taxes shall
be imposed upon any part of the capital stock of
such association invested in the bonds of the Uni-
ted States deposited as security for its circulation,,
is the saving clause in the portion of the bill pro-
posed to be stricken out; but under the words pro-
posed to be inserted by the Committee on Finance
there is no limit to the amount of State, munici-
pal, or county taxation. Iri«my own city, for.ex-
ample, the city tax this year is two per cent.; but
the State of Michigan has guarded her banking
associations by placing a special tax of one per
cent., which is in lieu of all other taxes, upon
them. Of course no bank will do business pay-
ing a tax of two per cent, to th<* city and a tax^jof
one per cent, to the county and a State thx in ad-
dition to the United States tax. it is perfectly
fatal to the whole bill, and if the amendment
should be adopted I trust that the bill itself will
be killed. In the proposition of the Committee
on Finance I find this clause:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be construed to
prevent thf market value of the shanks it  any of the said
^associations, held by any person or body-corporate, from
being included in the valuation of the personal'property ot
such person oi corporation in the asse-sament of all taxfes
imposed by or under State authority for' State, county, or
municipal purposes, but not at a greater rate than is as-
sessedjtpon other moneyed capita^ in the hands of indi-
vidual citizens of such State.
They are liable by that clause to the same tax-
ation precisely as is all other individual property.
You have heretofore by law declared that your
bonds shall pay a tax of but one and a.half per
cent. If an individual buys those bonds and puts
them in his pocket, you cannot assess them in any
possible way more than one and a half per cent.;
whereas if he takes those very bonds and puts
them into a national bank, you subject him to
every kind of taxation, town, city, county, fckate,
and Federal, in my own ctty the tax would be
nearly four per cent, upon the amount of the in-
dividual's bank stock. Of course, if Senators
desire to kill the bill, they will vote for this amend-
ment; but no man who desires asirigle bank to be
organized under this act will vote for theamend-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a substitute for this
proviso which I think will suit the views of the
Senatorfrom Michigan; and that is,to tax all the
capital stock of the bank or company not invested
in United States bonds.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is in the portion ot
the bill proposed to be stricken out by the Com-
mittee on finance. That is the saving clause of
the portion in brackets.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the capital stock
not invested in the bonds of the United States
should be subject to ail other taxation.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. POMEROY. But we should exempt that
portion of the capital stock that is invested in Uni-
ted States bonds. J should like to have a vote on
that, for 1 believe the Senate "will agree to that
pro position.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what the
Senate wiil agree to; butthe Senator from Mich-
igan is right in saying that the amendment sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Knnjfeg is
now in the original bill, and that is what the Com-
mittee on Finance propose to strike out. -4f the
