1864.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
243:
Laws of the United States.
38th CoM....1stSes3.
plat, and objections, and proofs filed with him in
support of the objections, and also ofany proofs
produced by the claimant and filed with him in
support of the survey, together with his opinion
thereon; and if the survey and plat are approved
by the said Commissioner he shall indorse thereon
a certificate of his approval. If disapproved by
him, or if, in his opinion, the ends of justice would
be subserved thereby, lie may require a further
report from the surveyor general of California,
touching the matters indicated by'him, or proofs
to be taken thereon, oi may direct a new survey
and plat to be made. Whenever the objections
are disposed of, or the survey and plat me cor-
rected, or a new survey and plat are ma-de in
conformity with hi? directions, he shall indorse
upon the survey a'.id plat adapted his certifirate
of approval. After the survey and plat have been,
as hereinbefore provided, approved by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, it shall be
the duty of the said Commissioner to cause a
patent to issue to the claimant as soon as practi-
cable after such approval.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of the preceding section shall apply to all
survey? and plats by the surveyor general of Cali-
fornia heretofore made, which have not already
been approved by one of the district courts of
the United States for California, or by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office: Provided,
That where proceedings for the correction or con-
firmation of a survey are pending on the passage
of this act in one of the said district courts, it
shall be lawful for such district court to proceed
and complete its examination and determination
of the matter, and its decree thereon shall be sub-
ject to appeal to the ciicuit com t of the United
States for the district in like manner, and with
like effect, as hereafter provided for appeals in
other cases to the circuit court; and such appeals
may be in like manner disposed of by said circuit
court.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That where a
plat and survey have already been approved or
corrected by one of the district courts of the Uni-
ted States for California, and an appeal from the
decree of approval or correction has already been
taken to the Supreme Court of the United States,
the said Supreme Court shall have jurisdiction to
hear and determine the appeal. But where from
such decree of approval or correction no appeal
has been taken to the Supreme Court, no appeal
to that court shall be allowed, butanappeal may
be taken, within twelve monthsafter this act shall
take effect, to the circuit court of the United States
for California, and said circuit court shall pro-
ceed to fully determine the matter. The said cir-
cuit court shall have power to affirm or reverse
or modify the action of the district court,ororder
the case back to the surveyor general for a new
survey. When the case is ordered back for a
new survey, the subsequent survey of the sur-
veyor general shall be under the supervision of
the CommissiorieroftheGeneral Land Office,and
not of the district or circuit court of the United
States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever the district judge of any one of the district
courts of the United States forCalifornia isinter-
rsted in any land, the claim to which, under the
said act of March third, eighteen hundred and
fifty-one, is pending before him, on appeal from
the board of commissioners created by said act,
the said district court shall order the case to be
transferred to the circuit court of the United States
for California, which court shall thereupon talce
jurisdiction and determine the same. The said
district courts may also order a transfer to the
said circuit court of any othercases al'ising under
said act, pending before them, affecting the title
to la'nds within the corporate limits of any city
or town, and in such cases both the district and
circuit judges may sit.
Sec. 5. -find be it further enacted, That all the
right and title of the United States to the lands
within the corporate limits of the city of San
Fiancisco, as defined in the actincorporating said
city, passed by the Legislature of the State of
California, on the fifteenth of April, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-one, are hereby relin-
quished and granted to the said city and its suc-
cessors, for the uses and purposes specified in the
ordinances of said city, ratified by an act of the
Legislature of the said State, approved on the
eleventh of March, eighteen hundred and 'fifty-
eight, entitled " An act concerning the city of San
Francisco, and to ratify and confirm certain ordi-
nances of the common council of said city," there
being excepted from this relinquishment and grant
allsitesorotherparcelsofiands which have been,,
or now are, occupied by the United SStates for'
military, naval, or other public uses, or sdeh
other sites or parcels as may hereafter be desig-
nated by the Presidsntof the United States, within
one year after the rendition to the General Land:
Office, by the surveyor general, of an approved
plat of the exterior limits of San Francisco, as
recognized in this section, in connection withthe
lines of the public surveys: And provided, That
the relinquishment and grant by this act shallin
no manner interfere with or prejudice any bona
fide claims of others, whether asserted adversely
under rights derived from Spain, Mexico,or the-
laws of the United States, nor preclude a judicial
examination and adjustment thereof.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the surveyor general of California
to cause all the private land claims finally con-
firmed to be accuratel y surveyed and plats thereof
to be made, whenever requested by the claimants:
Provided, That each claimant requesting a sur-
vey and plat shall first deposit in the district court
of the district within which the land is situated a
sufficient sum of money to pay the expenses of
such survey and plat, and of the publication re-
quired by the first section of this act. Whenever
tne survey and plat requested shall have been
completed and forwarded to the Commissioner of
the Geneial Land Office, as required by this act,
the district court may diiect the application of
the money deposited, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to the payment of the expenses of
said survey and publication.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted,*That it shall
be the duty of the surveyor general of California,
in making surveys of the private land claims
finally confirmed, to follow the decree of confirm-
ation as closely as practicable whenever such
decree designates the specific boundaries of the
claim. But when such decree designates only the
out-boundaries within which the quantity con-
firmed is to be taken, the location of such quan-
tity shall be made, as near as practicable, in one
tract and in a compact form. And if the char-
acter of the land, or intervening grants, be such
as to render the location impracticable in one tract,
then each separate location shai! be made, as near
as practicable, in a compact form. And it shall
be the duty of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to require a substantial compliance
with the directions of this section before approving,
any survey and plat forwarded to him.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thattheact
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An
act to define and regulate the jurisdiction of the
district courts of the United States in California,
in regard to the survey and location of confirmed
private land claims,'" approved June fourteen,
eighteen hundred and sixty, and all provisions
of law inconsistent with tilts act, are hereby re-
pealed.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
Chap. CXCY.—An Act for the Sale of a Lot of
Land m Iowa, in the Fort Crawford Reserva-
tion.
Be it enacted bxj the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That it shall and may be lawful for the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to cause
to be sold, after public notice, the tract described
as lot numbered one, in township ninety-five
north, of range three west of the fifth principal
meridian, in the Slate of Iowa, situated in what is
known as the Fort Crawford military reservation,
subject to such minimum price per acre as the said
Commissioner may establish as fair and reason-
able, not less than two dollars and fifty cents per
acre; and in the event of said lot not being dis-
posed of at publicsale, the Commissioner is here- !
by authorized to reoffer the same at public sale, j
or after the second offering to dispose pf said lot
at such minimum as he may establish, and for
the sale so made a patent shall issue as in" ordi-
nary cases. ' ' ■
Sec.' 2. Ayid be it further enacted, That if it,
shall appeal-that there are any qther lots in said'
reserve not disposed of by the United Stales, it'
shall and Way be lawful for the said Commissioner
to dispose of the same in the manner provided in
the foregoing section. -
Approved, July 1, 1864.
Chap. CXCVt.—An Act to regulate the Com-
pensation of Registers and Receivers of the
Land Offices iri the several States and Terri-
tories, in the location of Lands' by States and
Corporations under Grants from Congress.
Be it enacted by the Senate and llouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in .Congress
assembled, That from and after the passage of this
act, in the location of lands by States and cor-
porations under grants from Congress for rail-
roads and other purposes, (except for agricultural
colleges,) the registers and receivers of the land
offices of the several States and Territories, in
the districts where such lands may be located, for
their services therein, shall be entitled to receive
a fee of one dollur for each final location of one
hundred and sixty acres, to be paid by the State
oi- corporation making such location, the same
to be accounted for in the same manner as fees
and commissions on warrants and preemption
locations, with limitations its to maximums of
salary prescribed by existing laws, in accordance
with such instructions as.shall be given,by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted. That the Bur-
lington and Missouri River Railroad Company
may so far change or modify the location of the
uncompleted portion of its line, as shown by the
map thereof, now on file in the General Land.
Office of the United States, so as to secure a bet-
ter and more expeditious route to the terminus
of said line on the Missouri river, said new line
to be located within the limits of the land grant
made by the United States to aid in its construc-
tion; and said change shall not impair the right
to, nor change the location of, their present land
grant. A map of the change shall be filed with
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
within one year after the passage of this act.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
Chap. CXCV1I.—An Act to establish Salaries
for Postmasters, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Bouse qf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the annual compensation of post-
masters shall be at a fixed salary, in lieu of com-
missions, to be divided into five classes, exclu-
sive of the postmaster of the city of New York.
Postmasters of the first class shall receive not
more than four thousand dollars, nor less than
three thousand dollars; postmasters of the sec-
ond class shall receive less than three thousand dol-
lars and not less than two thousand dollars; post-
masters of the third class shall receive less than
two thousand dollars and not less than one thou-
sand dollars; postmasters of the fourth class shall
receive less than one thousand dollars and not
less than one hundred dollars; postmasters of
the fifth class shall receive less than one hun-
dred dollars. The compensation of the post-
master of New York shall be six thousand dol-
lars per annum, to take effect on the first day of
July, eighteen hundred and sixty-four; and the
compensation of postmasters of the several classes
aforesaid shall be established by the Postmaster
General under the rules hereinafter provided.
Whenever the compensation of postmasters ofthe
seve'ral offices, (except the office of New York,)
for the two consecutive years next preceding the
first day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, shall have amounted to an average annual
sum not less than three thousand dollars, such
offices shall he assigned to the first class; when-
ever it shall have amounted to less than three thou-
sand dollars, but not less than two thousand dol-
lars, such offices shall be assigned to the second
class; whenever it shall haveamounted to less
than two thousand dollars, but not less than one
thousand dollars, such offices shall be assigned
to the third class; whenever it shall havfe amounted
