1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lie lands of Kansas and Nebraska shall be ex-
tended to embrace the Territory of Dakota; and
proposes to repeal all acts and parts of acts cre-
ating the offices of surveyor generals for the Ter-
ritories respectively added or attached to other
surveying districts by this act; and all the books,
papers, and records belonging to the surveying
districts hereby discontinued and attached to the
.other districts, are to be transferred to and depos-
ited in the offices of the surveyor generals to
I whose districts those territorial districts have been
hereby attached.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
. amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PAY OF COLORED TROOPS.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the
joint resolution we had under consideration a
■ short time since, to equalize the pay of soldiers,
with a view of leaving it as the unfinished busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the-Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. No. 23) to equal-
iz^thepajtof soldiers of the United States Army.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive busi-
ness, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 25, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
SOLDIERS OF WAR OF 1812.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill granting pen
sions to the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812,
for reference to the Committee on I n valid Pensions.
Mr. FINCK. I object.
| INTERNAL REVENUE.
'* Mr. KALBFLEISCH, by unanimousconsent,
introduced a joint resolution to amend section
seventy-five of an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government and
to pay interest on the public debt;" which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
MEXICO.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House^to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the l'lesident be requested, if not incon-
sistent witli the publicj^iteresl,, to communicate to tlu.-
Honse the c.oirf'N[)on<ten* on the present state of Mexico
since that published by tlie last Congress.
Mr. FINCK. I object. I ask to make a state-
ment. ,
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I object.
Mr. BOYD. I ask to introduce a bill.
Mr. FINCK. I object.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fornf.y,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed an act (H. R. No. 26) reviving the grade
of lieutenant general in the United States Army,
with amendments, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a bill for the purpose of ref-
erence.
Mi. FINCK. I object.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask leave of absence for a short time.
No objection being made, leave of absence was
granted.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unani-
mous consent—and I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Fivck] will not object, as 1 think 1
li.H'e ob|ecieil to nothing of his—to take from the
S|awkciV table the lull which came in liom
the Hen,He, tor the puipose of disagreeing to the
Senate amendments, and asking a committee of
conference. It is a bill (H. R. No. 26) to revi.ve
the grade of lieutenant general in the Army of the
United States.
Mr. FINCK. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
regular order of business.
FREEDMEN's AFFAIRS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for. The call for committees for
reports is in order; and under that call the House
resumes the consideration of the bill (H. R No.
51) to establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs,
on which the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Davis] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mary land, addressed the House
for an hour. [His speech will be published in
the Appendix.] ■
Mr. KNAPP obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. The morning hour has ex-
pired, and I propose to go to the business upon
the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL—AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: I move to
take up the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 26, reviving the grade of lieutenant gen-
eral in the United States Army.
Mr. COX. Does not that require a vote ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
The amendments of the Senate were read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the amendments of the Senate be non-concurred
in, and that the House ask for a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes between the
two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Washburne of Illinois, Mc-
Allister, and Fenton the managers of said con-
ference on the part of the House.
Mr. STEVENS., I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to report appropria-
tion bills from the Committee of Ways and Means,
especially the deficiency bill, which is needed.
There was no objection.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 156, to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
■fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1864, and for
other purposes, and moved that it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and be made the special order for next
Tuesday, and from day to day until disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to have the bill and Senate amend-
ments printed; and also to have printed all of the
estimates and letters from the Departments in ref-
erence to the several items of appropriations.
Mr. STEVENS. That would make a volu-
minous document.
Mr. BROOKS. I think not. It is information
that the House and country ought to have.
Mr. STEVENS. If the House does not ob-
ject I will not They can order it if they want it.
Mr. BROOKS. I make the motion that the bili,
and amendments of the Senate and the estimates
! and other information upon which the appropri-
ations are founded be pointed for the use of the
House. This bill when originally reported from
the Committee of Ways and Means appropri-
ated about seven million dollars. The amend-
ments of the Senate add§93,000,000 to it, making
$100,000,000 in all. It is necessary for us to know
upon what those appropriations are founded.
Mr. STEVENS. The Senate added about
eighty-seven million dollars.
Mr. PENDLETON. The request of the gen-
tleman from New York is reasonable, and I hope
it will be granted.
The motion was agreed to.
PERUVIAN CLAIMS.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back Senate bill No. 65, to i
provide tor the payment of the claims of Peruvian ;
citizens under the convention between theUnited |
States mid Pern of the 12th of January, 1^63.
The bill w.i.i n:id through. !
! Mr. y i'E VliNS. I ask the unanimous consent t
of the House to put the bill on its passage. It
makes an appropriation for an adjudicated cage.
Mr. HOLMAN objected. • ^
Mr." STEVENS moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the. Whole on the state of the
Union, and made the special order for'Wednesday
next, and from day to day until disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
TP AYS AND MEANS.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill supplemental to an act
entitled "An act to provide ways and means for
thesupportofthe Government, "approved March
3, 1863; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS. It is important that the bill
should pass at an early moment, unless there is
some objection to it. I ask that the bill may be
read, and if there is no objection I will ask to put
the bill upon its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. COX. The bill has not been printed.
Does the gentleman intend to press it to a vote
to-day? I have no objection to the consideration
of it now if the gentleman does not intend to press
it to a vote this morning.
Mr. STEVENS. If there is any difficulty
about it, of course I do not ask to have ft vote
upon it. I will explain in a single word what the
meaning of the bill is, and then gentlemen can ob-
ject or not, as they see fit.
The first section merely changes the provision
of the act of March, 1863, which authorizes the
loan to be made, payable after ten years and within
forty. What is asked here is that §200,000,000
of that loan—the same loan authorized by that
act—shall be allowed to be put into the five in-
stead of the ten years' minimum time. There is
no other change in the first section. The loans
which have heretofore been made, o 1*^500,000,000,
were five-twenties. That has been a very pop-
ular loan, and it was thought it would be very
likely to lie taken if the same five years were in-
seited in the future loan of $200,000,000.
The second section provides that where there
were subscriptions made for five-twenties beyond
thelaw which authorized the issue of $500,000,000,
and the money already paid into the Treasury be-
fore that law expired, the parties making, such
subscriptions shall have .the right to receive five-
twenties now for the money so paid. That sum
amounts, 1 understand, to between ten and eleven
million dollars. The money was paid into the
Tieasury, but the authority to issue the bonds
having expired, the Secretary of the Treasury
asks authority to issue the like kind of bonds for
the amount of money already paid.
There are no other provisions in the bill.
Mr. BROOKS made an inquiry entirely in-
audible to the reporter.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill does not authorize
any additional loan. It only takes $200,000,000
from the loan-of 1863, which was $900,000,000,
and allows them to be issued as five-forties, in-
stead of ten-forties.
Mr. COX. - Is the ten or twelve millions pro-
posed to be issued an increase of those already
issued ?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes,sir. The $500,000,000
had all been taken before the expiration of the
law, but there had been subscribed ten or eleven
millions more than was authorized to be issued,
and this bill gives the Secretary authority to issue
an additional ten millions for the money which has
been paid.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman regard that as
a matter of good faith with those who have already
j imested in five-twenties?
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do not know what faith is
broken by it. I do notknow that there wasany un-
derstanding that no more stock than §500,000,000
should be issued.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me, considering
the large amount involved in this loan, that this
bili should be printed, and undergo some consid-
eration. I shall not object to reporting the bill at
this time, if the gentleman will allow the bill to
be printed, and its consideration postponed, so
that we can examine the matter.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman has a right
to object,
Mr. HOLMAN. • I do not object if it is the
understanding that the bili be printed anifpost-
poued fur consideration.
