THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr, COX. I have no objection to the gentle-
man going on with the bill if it is- not pressed to
a vote to-day.
Mr. STEVENS. Let it be read a first and^ec-
ond time, and I will move to recommit the bill to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
No objection being made, the bill was consid-
ered as read a first and second time, and recom-
mitted to the Committee of" Ways and Means.
Mr. STEVENS. I now desire to go into the
Committee of the Whole on thestate of the Union
upon the naval appropriation bill.
COMPENSATION OP INSPECTORS OF CUSTOMS.
Mr. PENTON. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow me to report back from the
Committee of Ways and Means, with a view to
put it upon its passage, the bill to increase the
compensation of inspectors of customs in certain
ports.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
object, provided the bill is to go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FENTON. I withdraw the request.
DISPOSITION OF CAPTURED COTTON.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported
back bill of the House No. 213, relative to the
capture of cotton and the disposition thereof by
the military forces of the United States, and
moved that it be recommitted and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to. '
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
bukne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. ICASSON. I wantto call the attention of
the committee this morning to that feature of the
bill to which I called the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means yes-
terday, and in order to do that I ask the unani-
mous consent of the committee to go back to the
item appropriating for Mare island, California.
There was no objection, and the item was read,
as follows:
For building nmrine barracks, officers'quarters, and pate-
way at nuvy-ymd, Mare inland, California, .$150,781 30.
Mr. KASSON. The error arose from inad-
vertence in finally passing on the bill in Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. My colleagues on
the committee will remember that we endeavored
to apply to these items that principle of appropri-
ation that what is necessary to be done immedi-
ately for the efficiency of the service in the pres-
ent war ought to be appropi iatud for, and that
what could be postponed without detriment to
the public service ought to bo postponed.
Ill that view, t nowpropose,nn(K believe that in
doing it I am in accordance with the Committee
of Ways and Means, to strike out some of the
items included in this clause. Taking them in their
order, as they are to be found on page 255 of the
Treasury estimates, I propose to strike out the
appropriation for the commandant's house, for
the captain's house, for bachelors' quarters, and
for the gateway.
Mr. SHANNON. What gateway is that?
Mr. KASSON. It is the main gateway of the
yard, for winch this estimate is thought neces-
sary.
I will make my statement plain with the esti-
mates before me. The estimate upon which this
appropriation is made amounts to $950,781 30,
on which estimate there is applicable an existing
appropriation previously made of $300,000, thus
making for all these items$150,781 30 additional.
In order to make up that amount they have em-
braced these several items and amounts: for men's
quarters, $139,058 44; for commandant's house',
twenty-seven thousand and odd dollars; for cap- i
tain's house, thirteen thousand and odd dollars; j
for quartermaster's house, thirteen thousand and !
odd dollars; for bachelors' quarters, thirty-six !
thousand and odd dollars; for gateway, twenty !
.thousand and odd dollars. !
Now, my object is to reduce the appropria-i
tion to the amount that may perhaps be necessity
for present purposes there, which would be done
by simply making provision for men's quarters; ;
and for the purpose of bringing the matter be-
fore the committee I will move to strike out from
the one hundred and fifty-third and one hundred
and fifty-fourth lines the words *{officers'quar-
ters andgateway,"and to strikeout from the one
hundred and fifty-fifth line "$150,781 30,"and
to insert in lieu thereof u $39,058 44."
Mr. HIGBY. I would like to have the gen-
tleman from Iowa explain what this provision in
relation to a gateway is.
Mr. KASSON. I will answer the question.
The chief of the bureau having charge of the sub-
ject was before the committee, and we found that
this matter was simply what it purports to be, the
erection of an entrance which*, some of these days,
will undoobtedly be magnificent, admirable, and
attractive; but that it is not necessary for the pur-
pose of the Navy at the present time, or perhaps
for some ycais to come.
Mr. HIGBY. I wish the gentleman from Iowa
to tell me where this $30,000 is to applied?
Mr. KASSON. We merely proposed that it
should be added to the unexpended balance of
$100,000, and it would be left to be appropriated
for building the marine barracks.
Mr. HIGBY. This is not to affect the appro-
priation for barracks?
Mr. KASSON. No, sir.
The question was taken on Mr. ICasson's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the clause
in regard to the Philadelphia navy-yard, by strik-
ing out "for the purchase of two lots adjoining
navy-yard, Philadelphia, extending from Front
street to the commissioners' line in the Delaware
river, at a price not exceeding $90,000—§214,945,"
and inserting "$124,000*," so that it will read:
Philadelphia:
For repairs of dry-dock, pitch-house, dredging ; repairs of
damage to stoic by fire, amlfoi repairs of all kinds, $ikM,000.
That amount willcovcr all that is estimated for
by the Department, deductingtheitemof$260,000
for the dry-dock, which the*Committee of Ways
and Means seems to have stricken out. As a
much better argument on this subject than any I
can offer, I desire to submit the views of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means on
this subject at last session.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"For dock; dredging; repairs of nil kinds, and for the
purchase of two lots adjoining the navy-jard, extending
from Front street to the commissioners line in the Dela-
ware liver, upon condition that a mote extensive navy-yard
shall not he provided lor on said uver, $230,458.
" Mr. Stevens. 1 move to strike out nil after the word
' kind^.' ni ihe first line, and to insert ' $50,000so as to
make xt read, 'lor dock; (hedging; repaiu of all kinds,
$50,000.'
"Mr. Chairman, I know something about the two lots re*
forred to in this clause, and I think the price iixed is about
three times the amount they are worth. I do not myselt
think xt proper to make a pmch.ise of this kind in an ap-
pinjnintion bill. Ifthe lotsaietobe purchased atall,there
onaht to be a commi-^ion appointed to examine them and
determine their value. From my own knowledge of them,
I think the price named here is throe times what they are
worth.
"Mr. Lovejoy. 1 would ask the gentleman whether, if
these lots aie not purchased, it will become any more ne-
cessary to take League Island ?
" Mr. Stevfns. Not at all. J suppose it lia-j no influ-
ence on that question. 1 cannot vote lor tins purchase, be-
cause I know it would he a bad speculation."
The argument made by the cljaiiman of the
Committee of Ways and Means seems unanswer-
able, and I presume there will be no objection to
striking out this item.
Mr. STEVENS. At the time this appropria-
tion bill was up last year the Committee of Ways
and Means had no information on the subject ex-
cept what was* contained in the estimate. I had
been informed by some persons who 1 suppose
did not like this negotiation that the price was too
high. This year the Superintendentof Yards and
Docks came again before us, after having found
that it could still be got at the same price for which
it was offered last year, and asked that it be added
to the navy-yard. I took the pains when in Phila-
delphia to look into this matter. I found that it
was an entirely different thing from what it had been
represented to me before. Although I had taken
the responsibility of moving to strike it out before,
on representations which -1 thought were true, I
found that they came from rival speculators.
The admiral convinced the Committee of Ways
and Means that this piece of ground was abso-
lutely necessary, whether League Island were
acccpted or not. He informed us that if League
Island were accepted it would take some eight or
ten years before that place would be in a condition
to be used for the purpose of repairing vessels.
The Committee of Ways and Means was en-
tirely satisfied that this proposition was right,
and that the adding of this piece of ground to the
navy-yard would save great expense to the Gov-
ernment either in getting up a new navy-yard be-
low, on the Delaware, or sending vessels to Boston
for repairs which could be done at the Philadel-
phia navy-yard. The Committee of Ways and
Means, therefore, was of unanimous opinion that
this appropriation should be made.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania be kind enough to state whether, in
the event of a naval station being established at
New London or at League Island, this appropria-
tion of $90,000 would not be an entirely useless
expenditure of money; also, what is the extent
of this piece of ground for which it is proposed to
pay $90,000?
Mr. STEVENS. We asked that question of
the admiral. He said he thought it would not
affect the necessity for the appropriation; that'if
they determined upon another site fora navy-^ard
it would take ten years before it could be put into
a condition so as to be serviceable for the pur-
poses needed.
I will mention while I am up that the commit-
tee agreed under the recommendation of Admiral
Smith to transfer the appropriation made last year
of $750,000 for a dock at the navy-yard at New
York—to transfer so much as is necessary,
$26^,000, for a dock or some convenience of that
kind at Philadelphia, and a like amount for the
New York yard, allowing the balance to go back
into the Treasury. We have provided in this
bill for the transfer of that appropriation, under
the earnest request of those who have it in charge
at the Navy Department. By this transfer some
five hundred and sixty thousand dollars would go
back into the Treasury. This, then, by reason
of that transfer, becomes an imperative necessity.
Under all of the circumstances it must be admit-
ted that this is necessary for the repair of our
vessels.
'Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman what is
the aiea of the land that it is proposed to pur-
chase ?
Mr. STEVENS. A little over one hundred
feet of water front; perhaps one hundred and ten
feet. I know that it is over one hundred feet.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman let me
ask him another question ? Will the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means furnish the
House with the data upon which the appropria-
tion is founded ? There is no recommendation of
the Secretary of the Navy. Certainly, if there is
any recommendation, from the Navy Department
in favor of this appropriation, it ought to be put
in the possession of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I stated before that last year
the Navy Department did ffceommend it, but that
I became possessed of information to induce me
to believe it was a job, and it was rejected. The
Department said tbat as the House had struck it
out on the motion of the Committee of Waysand
Means they would not renew it until we were sat-
isfied the title could be made and the piice was a
proper one. Iicnce it was left out, and brought
in afterwards by Admiral Smith in the way I have
mentioned.
Mr. HOLMAN. Allow whatever recommenda-
tion was made to belaid before the House. I do
not think that the House ought to appropriate so
large a sum without definite information.
Mr. STEVENS. Admiral Smith wasftefore
the committee in person with maps and plans,
and made a verbal statement. We did not ask
him to reduce it to writing.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I move to strike out the
last word.
Mr. Chairman, I have been a little surprised,
when an appropriation is proposed upon this floor
in favor of Pennsylvania, to notice the want of
alacrity on the part of the able delegation from
that State in coming forward to its defense when
it is objected to. It is certainly m extraordinary
contrast to their readiness in advocating an ap-
propriation for $700,000 to Pennsylvania in an
eaily pai t of the session. I propose now to stand
up as the champion of that State, and especially
of the Philadelphia navy-yard. If I understand
i the proposition before the House, the Committee
