28m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10.
advisable to make a small appropriation of $10,000,
and appoint some one as an agent to look after
these scattered bands, to prevent their making dep-
redations on the whites, and Withavjew to their
ultimate removal when they should pome upder
the control of an agent, and the proper time shall
arrive, as it undoubtedly will, when peace shall
be restored and affairs in the Indian Territory shall
resume their normal condition. The policy of the
people of|£ansas, and so far as I know the policy
of th4 Government, is that the Pottawatomies in
Kansas shall be removed, when peace comes, 10
the Indian Territory, and to try and gather all the
Indians, we can within the limits of that Territory.
We shall then expect and hope to have the Pot-
tawatomies removed from Wisconsin to the tribe
of the Pottawatomies to which they belong, and
the Winnebagoes from Wisconsin to the Winne-
bagoes on the Missouri. But in the present state
of affairs* owing to the fact that the Pottawato-
mies are still in Kansas, and that the people of
Kansas have been'overrun by Indian refugees from
the Indian Territory, we thought it would be un-
wise, and was asking more of the people of Kan-
sas than we would desire to ask, to have another
band of Indians removed to that State at the pres-
ent time.
"It was with this view that the committee rec-
ommended this appropriation of $10,000 to gather
these Indians together, and for the appointment
of an agent whose duty it shall be to look after
these stray bonds and preventany disturbance of
the peace in Wisconsin. If such a thing should
occur, the expense would be very much greater,
of course, as is always the case.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On page 36, after line
eight hundred and fifty-nine, I move to insert:
For the erection of a saw ami grist-mill, in accordance
with the provisions of the fourth article of the treaty of
June 9,1855, $10,000.
This relates to the western coast, in the Stnte of
Oregon. There isa treaty with the Walla-Walla#
Cay use, and Unatilla tribes, by the fourth aiticle
of which we bound ourselves to build a mill. I
regret that the honorable Senator from Oregon
[Mr. NesmithJ is not in his seat; but the facts
which we learned from him and from the report
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs are that the
mill has never been erected, and it is with morti-
fication that I am culled upon to state, but the
truth compels me to say, that the agent who was
appointed as long ago as 1856 or 1857, instead of
using the money to build the mill, actually appro-
priated it to his own private purposes. At all
events the money is gone, and the mill has not
been erected.
Mr. JOHNSON. Did hn not give bond?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know that I can
answer the question.
Mr. POMEROY. As this provision is in the
tteaty, I do not know that we have any right to
refuse to erect the mill. I will n\erely say that
in regaid to all cases where we have made pro-
vision in Indian treaties for theerectiun of a mill,
1 have never known one erected that was good
for anything. I believe there isa provision for
a mill in the tieaties with almost all the tribes in
my State; I know that we appropriated $10,000
for u mill for the fcJaca and Foxes and then $10,000
more, and I do not know how much that mill
finally cost, but it never amounted to anything,
and you cannot make a saw-mill among Indians
amount to anything. They do not want a saw-
mill; they will not use the lumber. I do not
know how we can avoid making the appropua-
tion if the treaty requires it; but it has been neg-
lected so long thatf i do not think it will hurt to
neglect it a little longer.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is not only a saw-mill,
but it is a flouring-mill attached. Certainly that
is in the treaty, and that is the purpose of the
amendment. I do not know but that what the
honorable Senator from Kansas says may be true
in many instances, but I believe that the agent
who has just been appointed for these Indians,
Mr. Wilbur, from all the recommendations we
have of him, and from what wt- know of him,
Will faithfully apply the money, if appropriated,
to the purposes for which it should be applied.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no doubt m regard
to the agent. I only way that in the Indian coun-
try, away from facilities to keep a mill in repair,
I have never known one kept long in repair, and
I have seen a great many that have been built.
I do not know whether this is intended to be a
water or a steam mill; but if it be a water mill
the first thing we shall hear will be that the dam
has gone off, and then there will have to be an
appropriation to rebuild it. If it is a steam mill
something about the machinery will get out of
order, and there being no machine shop perhaps
within a thousand miles, it will never be repaired.
I only speak.of the facts as I have known.them
to exist wherever there is a mill among the In-
dians. It is hardly ever a thing which is of any
use. It is nearly always out of repair so as to be
of no advantage. I do not know of an instance
where any benefit has been received from it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Oregon
is not at this moment in his seat. I understand
that this is to be a water mill. There is good
water power at the place where it is proposed to
build it. If there is any objection to the propo-
sition, let it lie over until the'Senator from Oregon
comes in.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall not object.
Mr. JOHNSON. The treaties generally do
not provide that the mill shall be kept in repair
by tne Government, but only that the mill shall
be built. I do not .know how it is in this case.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will read the article:
" In addition to the consideration above specified the
United States agree to erect at suitable points on the res-
ervation one saw mill and one flouring-mill,abudding suit-
able for a hospital, two school-house«, one blacksmith
shop, one building lor a wagon and plow maker, and One
carpenter and joiner's shop and oihj dwelling for each, two
millers, one fanner, one .supeunteudent of farming opera-
tions,two school teachers, one blaekMiiith, one wagon and
plow maker, and one carpenter, and to each the noeessaiy
buildings and outbuildings, and to purchase and keep In
repair lor the term of twenty years all necessary fixtures
and mechanical tools, medicines, and hospital stoies, books,
stationery for schools, and furniture for employes."
Such is the provision, that we are to keep the
fixtures in repair, and those are the machinery.
Mr. POMEROY. Has there been any esti-
mate ? Is it supposed that $10,000 will build the
mill? Whymakethc appropriation unless there
is a reasonable certainty that a mill can be built
for that money in that country at this time?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If theSenatorisdisposed
to resist the amendment 1 shall ask that U shall
he over until the Senator from Oregon is in his
seat, because he can explain the particulars, and
the committee relied very much on his statement
of facts and on other facts which they ascertained.
I understand it to be an excellent water power,
and the sum of $10,000 I have no doubt will build
a saw-mill with a run of stones attached sufficient
for the purposes of the Indian tribes to grind their
corn and saw their lumber.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is any reasonable
prospect that that sum will build a mill, I shall
make no objection at this time.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am also instructed by
the committee to offer this amendment to come
m after line eleven hundred and eleven, page 46:
New Mexico superintendency:
For deficiency in the appropriation for the Indian servicc
jn New Mexico foi the lUual year ending June 30, 1864,
£25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. After line eleven hundred
and sixty-three, page 48, under the head of
"Goship Bands of Shoshonees," I move to in-
sert. the following:
To pay James Duane Doty for services rendered as com-
miNMonm to negotiate tie.it les with the ShoshoneeorSnake
Jtulian- and treating wall them and with bund-* of the Utah
and Go-hip nation tor peace, commencing on the 19th day
of June, li&ill, and ending on the 30th day of November,
1S63, being one hundred and sixty-live days, ut eight dol-
lars per dsi> , .
1 will explain this amendment to the Senate.
The gentleman who was employed by the Depart-
ment to negotiate this treaty was Governor of
the Territory of Utah, but not, by virtue of his
office, superintendent of Indian affairs. The De-
partment having confidence in his experience and
capacity employed him to go into the Territory
adjoining to negotiate those treaties at an expense
probably less than would have been incurred by
employing and sending a person from here to ne-
gotiate them. The committee thought that this
amount was but reasonable,and that it was eco-
nomical on the part of the Government to employ
him rather than to send another commissioner
there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit whether that is
not a private claim and not in order upon this bill.
I should like in making that suggestion to ask a
question if it is to be considered, where was the
superintendentoflndian affairs forthatTerritory
that it was necessary to appoint another officer to
make this treaty? I suppose there is a superin-
tendent of Indian affairs there. But, sir, the
30th rule of the Senate provides:
"And no amendments shall fte received whose object is
to piovkie for a private claim, unless it be to cairy out the
provisions of an existing law or a treaty stipulation.5'
This, I should think, under that rule was clearly
a private claim.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is certainly not to carry
out an existing law, because there is no law au-
thorizing-it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And I suppose there is
no treaty providing for it.
Mr.'HARLAN. I suppose the money has
been paid really by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs to this party as his agent to negotiate the
treaty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then let him pay it out
of his own salary.
Mr. HARLAN. In most cases the Governor
of a Territory receives a separate salary for acting
as superintendent of Indian affairs within the
Territory. In this case, however, there is no
salary paid to the Governor as superintendent of
Indian affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was there no superin-
tendent there ?
Mr. HARLAN. There was no superintend-
ent of Indian affairs in the Territory at the time,
as I understand it, and the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs here appointed Governor Doty to act
for the Government, and I suppose he has paid
him.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the second time I
have heard the remark made by gentlemen on the
Indian Committee that the money is already
paid. If I believed that that was absolutely so,
that the money had been paid, I certainly never
would vote for it under any circumstances. If H
was paid at all, it was paid in plain violation of
law, and in disregard of the constitutional obliga-
tions of the oath taken by our officers which for-
bids the payment of money from the Treasury of
the United States except in pursuance of law and
in pursuance of an appropriation made by Con-
gress; so that if, as the Senator supposes, the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs has paid this money,
[ for one would insist, whatever may be the
amount, that he should pay it out of his own
pocket and lose it, as an example to every other
officer in the Government, because no money can
be paid from the Treasury of the United States
except in pursuance of law and in pursuance of an
appropriation made after the passage of the law.
Notwithstanding the declaration of the honor-
able Senator from Iowa, my impression is that it
is simply a debt incurred, and not money yet
paid. 1 fit is money paid ,1 certainly will insist upon
the person whopaid the money withoutlaw losing
it; but in either event it would be a private claim.
In the one case it would be money due to the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs for money illegally
paid, or paid witkout authority of law; in the
other case it is money due to Governor Doty for
private services, not in pursuance of any law. It
is not a recommendation made to us in the ordi-
nary way, through the ordinary channel of com-
munication. I Think, therefore, it ought to rest
on its own merits as a private bill, and be sent to the
committee over which you, sir, have the honor
to preside, so that its merits and legality may be
examined.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not perceive anything
in the point raised by the Senator. We have just
agreed to an amendment making an appropriation
of $137,000, which is entirely similar in some
respects. There was no law authorizing the pay-
ment of §137,000 to prevent the Winnebagoes from
starving, none whatever.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I looked at the report on that very point, and
I found that the money was not paid; it was sim-
ply a debt incurred. In that case I will further
state that there was an existingappropriation, hut
the amount having been exhausted, the agent
wrote that the amount was not sufficient, that he
had incurred a liability of $53,000, and that he
wanted the money to make it good.
