2850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
that Territory, I;&end the following amendment
t*s> tbre-.Gh.air to be inserted after line twelve hun-
dred and fifty-one, on page 51:
For general incidental expenses of the Indian service in
the Territory of Dakota, including the purchase of goods
and other articles, with aviewtothepreseivation of peace,
$i0,0&k
~ The amendment was agreed to.
$li\ DOOLITTLJE. There js one other amend-
ment in relation to the deficiencies in the Indian
service,and tllat is for the Territory of Utah, and
(hen I believe I am done on that subject, ft is to
insert after line twelve hundred and, fifty-nine,
page 52, the following:
" For deficiency in the appropriation for the Indian service
In 0tnh Territoiy for the fiscal year ending June 30,1864,
$J5,U00.
Fur the U anspoi tation and necessary expenses of delivery
of provisions, &.c.> to the Indians within the Utah snper-
Uitendency for the fiscal year ending June 30,3865, $22,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have some
explanation of thafr amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 have here a letter from
the acting Governor and cx officio superintendent
of Indian affairs of the Territory of Utah, which
I wiii read:
SUPKRINrTENDE>rCY INDIAN AFFAIRS,
Grkat sai/r Lakc City, Fehuaiy 24, 1864.
Sir: Some time sincc I wrote to Governor Doty asking
him to explain to you the necessity of my having funds for
the Indian service, and ask you to .place ro my credit wiih
the United States A^sistantTrenourer in New York city ten
thousand dollar^, ($19,000.) lie telegraphed to me to send
you a bond in the penal sum of $10;000 approved, which I
herewith inclose, and which I hope will be satisfactory to
yon.
Tins has been the most sevens winter wo have had in
Thir eonntrj lor many \ cars ; very severe} on the Indians;
and it Iuk been more laborious to attend to them than any
season we iiave been heie. They have given sign^ ol dis-
turbances in various parts of the Territory, especially in
the wei-t, on ihe oveiland mail route. It i* of the utmo.^t
importance that they should he koptqniot, notonly ioi gen-
eral peaee and tlie safety of the overland mail line, but in
Vie iv. ol the extensive developineutantieipated fortius com-
ing season of the immense mineral wealth of tins Toiri-
tory, which you will readily understand is of the greatest
importance in every respect. It has been necessary to feed
and clothe the Indians quite extensively. 1 need this mom y
immediately, anil trust you will have it placed to my eiedit
Jt8 soon in possible, ami infonn me by telegraph, addressing
me by the tiLle under which you depOMUt, that I may
know how to draw dmfts, as I shall need to draw immedi-
ately. I wish -it so as to keep it distinct liotn my funds as
acting- Governor, and nbo my funds as secretary ot this
Tcrntoiy, in the saipe depoaitoiy.
I cannot got along vvi^h less than $10,000, and it really
oftght to he $15,000; Glabwise I wilTpiobahiy be obliged
to call on you again eatly in the next quartei.
From the gre.it proas of ounent and necessary business
of the thice departments that I have to attend to that is
ciowded upon me constantly, together with an illness for
the past thtee weeks, I have been unable thus i'ai to foi-
waid my accounts (or the 3Nt of December. I tru^t cir-
cumstances wtil excuse this delay. I shall forward them
now in a lew days.
1 have the; honui io be, most respectfully, your obedient
servant, AMOrillEKD,
*/1cUh$[ Governor, and
t Kx Officio Superintendent Indian Jij]'<xns.
Hon. Wxi.i/iam P. 1)olk,
• Coi/uniiiioner of Indian Jiff air?.
Upon this and other statements the Secretary
of the interior and Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs estimated for and recommended the appro-
priation of $15,000. They also estimate for the
transportation of supplies theamountstated in the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 now move to insert at
the end of the bill the followingsection, which in
effect confiscates the annuities of those Indians*
who are in hostility to the United States for the
benefit of the fnendly Indians:
tflnd he it further cnactcd, Tltat tiie Sccretaiy of the In-
terior be, and he is hereby, authorized tocvpend Mich part
ot the amount herein appiopriated to cany into effect any
treaty stipulation with any tube or inbc^of Indians. ail or
any poi nou of whom shall be in a >iate of actual hostility to
the Government oi the United States, including the Chero-
kees, Creeks, (Jhoci.nvs, Chickasaw.-, Seminole*, Wiehi-
t.te^and otheralhhatod tubes, as may be necessity to sup-
port such individual menibcis of .said tubes as have been
driven from their home« or reduced to want on account of
their friendship to the United State, and enable them to
until they can support themselves in their own coun-
11y : Proi idtd, That an account shall bo kept of the sums
kopaid lor the benefit of the said membeis of said tribes,
•which account -hall be tendered to Congress ar toe com-
mencement oi the next session thereof; and all puieh.is.es
ot articles ioi riie purpose*. above setforth shail be made of
the iowe&t responsible bidder after sufficient public notice
by advertisement in appiopriato ne\v«papeis: Provided,
also, That the said SfeitiMry fchnll not b« required to ac-
cept any bid which i*. in his judgment, unreasonable in its
character.
.This is substantially the same provision con-
tained in the last two or three Indian appropria-
tion bills, having reference particularly to the
Choctaws, Chiekasaws, Wichitas, and- those In-
dians who are in hostility to the United States,
allowing the use of their annuities to support the
friendly and suffering Indians who are loyal to
the United States.
Mr. LAN Ii, of Kansas. The Congress of the
United States, in providing for the subsistence of
the refugee Indians, inserted a proviso that no
portion of the funds should be expended until the-
Indians had arrived in the Indian country, or in
connection with their removal. I want the same
provision added to this amendment. I presume
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
will not object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
can reduce his amendment to writing and send it
to the Chair.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following proviso. I
have not the verbiage used in the other bill, but it
is the sense of it:
Provided further, That no part of said annuities shall be
expended outside of the Indian country, or in connection
vvuli their removal to tliat countiy.
Mr. HARLAN-. I think it would not be safe
to adopt that amendment. The superintendent
for that district is removing the Indians; he is on
the way down with them to their own homes;
but the condition of the country is unsettled; they
might be driven back.* A part of those Indians
are not being removed, on account of their condi-
tion. One whole tribe is.down with the small-
pox, and they cannot get them off. It would not
be right to withhold the application of this money
ifa contingency of that kind should arise. I would
have no objection to it if the country was at peace
and there were no impediments to theic removal
and the Indians were in a condition to be removed.
1 have a letter on my desk now that I received in
the morning mail, stating that a majority of one
of those tribes cannot be lemoved on account of
their condition; they arc down with the small-
pox. I think the Senator from Kansas had bet-
ter not insist on the adoption of his amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do insist upon my
amendment, and it covers the case jiut by the Sen-
ator from Iowa by the words " or-in connection
with their removal." The medicating them pre-
paratory to their removal can be provided under
my amendment. After a full discussion of the
proposition such a provision was attached to the
appropriation of $153,000 to the refugee Indians.
1 desire to have the Senate understand how this
mutter is, so far as the State which I in part rep-
resent is concerned. The refugee Indians are in
our State. They live upon our people. They
are a nuisance among us. If the citizens of Kan-
sas are to feed them i want them to have the claim
for feeding. 1 do not want a set of heartless spec-
ulators to draw the (Government motley and put it
in their pockets and compel our people to feed
them in addition.
Mr. HAIILAN. If the Senator will allow me
it seems to me it will be worse for his people if
this amendment should be adopted than if it were
not. The amendment is to prevent the use of
the money outside of the Indian Territory. If
rebel guerrillas should drive back the loyal In-
dians from the Indian Territory into Kansas
which is nearer to them than any other State
where they would be likely to live m peace, and
you cannotapply this appropriation in aiding their
support, of course the people of Kansas would
have to provide the entire amount necessary for
their support.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They will have to
do that anyhow, I will say to the Senator.
Mr. HARLAN. They would be relieved to
the amount of ihis appropriation if the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Wisconsin
should prevail.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Not by any means.
The speculators who pretend to feed the refugee
Indians would put the money in their own pock-
ets and we should still have to feed them. These
Indians arc being removed; and they are as safe
at Port Gibson or in any portion of the Indian
country as thoy are in our State. The same
army that protects Kansas protects the Indian
country. Fort Smith is the strategic point with
which we defend Kansas, and that protects the
Indian country. 1 should like to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the terrific misfortune that
it is upon our people to have these refugee Indi-
ans among us. I believe the Indian department
are doing their utmost now to remove the Indi-
ans. I want to hold that department where the
proviso to the $153,000 appropriation placed
them. I appeal to the Senator from Iowa and
the Senator from Wisconsin that it would be bet-
ter not to appropriate this money at all unless
my amendment be adopted; Jceep it in your vaults
or wherever it is and not allow one dollar of it to
be expended upon the refugee Indians in Kansas.
Our people have to feed the Indians, and the crea-
tures who are preying upon the Government are
putting your money in their pockets.
Mr. POMEROY. I can very well conceive of
a condition of things in which it would be very
necessary to have this appropriation.expended in
my State. These Indians have be$n down once
into the Indian country, and a portion of,them
have come back again. The Government are now
making an effort to take down all of them that
can be removed. A great many of them are sick
and not in a condition to be moved. They can-
not all be moved'this year. Besides it is so late
in. the season there would be but little use in tak-
ing them down, as they could not raise a crop, and
if we take them down we shall have to feed them
from the commissary stores of the Army or in
some other way. If they must be fed it will be
vastly cheaper for the Government to feed them
in my State.- If you take tbem down to the In-
dian ^country, the goods furnished to them will
have to be transported from the Missouri river by
land to the Indian country, and it will cost just
about twice as much to feed them down there as
to feed them in my State.
I am as anxious as my colleague is to have
them removed; but it is out of the question to re-
move them all at present. As the Senator from
Iowa has very well said, a large portion of one
of the tiibes is not in a condition to be removed;
it is utterly impossible to move them, and the
department ought at least to have an appropria-
tion, to sustain them while they are in the State.
These Indians are on a reservation. I am not
informed whether they mingle very much among
the settlements of the whites or not. They are
on the Sac and Fox reservation, which is some-
what removed from any white settlement. I am
not so well informed, perhaps, as I ought to be;
but I certainly think this amendment of the com-
mittee should not be put in such a way as to
prevent the department, in case some portion of
these Indians are obliged to remain in the States,
from taking care of them there.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The result of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin will be to retain all of the refugee Indians in
Kahsas. Where they can be fed by the Govern-
ment, they will remain among the white people.
If the Government consents for them to remain on
the Sac and Pox reserve, there they will remain in
the very center of our State within ten or twelve
miles of the town where I live and surrounded
by four or five other towns.
The statement that they cannot raise a crop in
the Indian country I cannot indorse.
Mr. POMEROY. It is too late in the season
to raise a crop this year.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We plant corn in
Kansas about the middle of July. I planted a
'crop of corn last year in the bottoms of Kansas
after the 15th of July, and raised a fine crop.
That is further south than we are. So far as a
crop of vegetables is concerned, they can raise a
crop of vegetables after the 1st of July with ease.
But here is a nuisance inflicted upon our State;
and not only that, it is a political corruption fuud
in our State; and 1 propose as far as I can to re-
move that. I ask to have the provision attached
to this proposition that was affixed by Congress
to the other appropriation. I hope it will be
granted.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there cannot be a
doubt of this fact: if the Indians who are now
sick in my State and are not removed have to make
the journey to the Indian country and then pre:
pare their land after they get there for a crop, this
season will certainly be gone. It is now almost
the middle of June. They cannot be got down
there before the middle of July.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They are on their
way there now.
