THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
gence and authority. The members from Penn-
sylvania are willing, on this very small matter of
an appropriation of $90,000, to leave it to be de-
cided" by the committee which has had all the
facts before it. .
I tliink the committee has given us views on
the subject which show that this appropriation
should be made and this strip of land bought.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has informed us that it is a mere strip of
one hundred feet water front, to be added to the
Philadelphia navy-yard. He tells us that it is
necessary. Admiral Smith, chief of the Bureau
of Yards and Docks, approves of it! Certainly
he does! He may have told the gentleman from
Connecticut that now was his opportunity to
strike a blow at League Island by asserting that
the chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks was
willing that Philadelphia should have an exten-
sion of one hundred feet to her navy-yard, pro-
vided the gentleman from Connecticut and those
opposing League Island would satisfy the House
that Philadelphia and Pennsylvania were getting
a great boon from the Government. I am notsur-
pnsed at the letter which the gentleman from Con-
necticut has read from the commandant of the
navy-yard. That commandant is neither a PI11I-
adt'lphian nor a Pennsylvanian in sentiment. It
would suit me if the Secretary of the Navy would
have some one presiding over that yard as com-
mandant more in unison with the feeling of Phil-
adelphia and Pennsylvania on the subject of
League Island. May I ask the gentleman whether
that letter was not written by Commodore Strib
'"'fir. BRANDEGEE. No, sir.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. By Com-
modore Pendergrast?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Yes, sir.
Mr. O'NEILL, ofPennsylvania. Commodore
Pendergrast is dead and gone. I think lie died
while commandant of the Philadelphia navy-yard
many months ago. He has been succeeded by
another commandant equally hostile to the League
island project. lam not awarethateithcrof them
knew or knows anything about League island.
I am sure the knowledge of these officers as to
the value of this island for the purposes of a great
naval station for iron vessels and armature, with
their known prejudices against the location, is
not to be relied on, as is the experience of those
who have lived upon and near it and know its
every foot of land.
I merely rose, Mr. Chairman, to say that the
Pennsylvania delegation did not desire this pro-
ject to be discusscd upon a mere collateral appro-
priation, which, in the good judgment of the
Naval Committee, has been lecommended as
necessary for the purposes of the Navy.
Mr. BUANDEGEE. I oppose the amendment.
I never know, Mr, Chairman, a gentleman pre-
face his speech with a declaration thatit wasto be
a short one that he did not make a long one; and I
never knew anybody to commence by deprecating
discussion (hat did not go into a discussion. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania deprecates drag-
ging this controversy before the committee, and
immediately thereafter he goes at some length—
certainly within the limit of his time, but filling
his time—into a discussion of this swindle of the
Delawaic. Now, sir, this committee will bear
me witness that I only introduced this question
by the letter of the commandant of the Philadel-
phia navy-yard—the late commandant who I am
now informed for the first time is dead and gone,
and who it is strongly intimated died because he
was not in unison with the people of Philadelphia
on this question. I quoted that letter for this
reason: the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] stated that there was not a line or word of
recommendation from any officer of the Navy
Department or of the Government in favor of this
appropriation, of any officer who was conversant
with tiie subject, and I quoted that letter as the
very highest authority. If anybody knew the
necessities and capacity of the yard it must be
the commandant.
In that letter addressed to the Pennsylvania del-
egation m Congress were certain charges against
the League Island project. I am not the maker
of the liotc. I do not know that I am the in-
dotser. I ga\e it currency believing it to be tt ue,
and I wanted it to go before the committee and
the country.
I think that the committee will bear me witness,
and you, Mr. Chairman, will do me the justice to
acknowledge that I put my action and vote in
favor of this enlargement of the Philadelphia navy-
yard upon the ground that it was recommended
by the proper Department, and from the proper
committee of this House.
It will be seen that this is the smallest yard in
the country, comprising only seventeen acres. It
was tried to its utmost capacity before the war,
and tried far beyond its capacity since, so that
vessels are compelled to be sent to New England
and southern yards, where they could gain en-
trance with much more ease than at this yard.
This will increase the now limited facilities of the
Philadelphia navy-yard, and the land is offered
at a fair price*, and we ore told that the Govern-
ment can get back all that it will pay for it, and
perhaps more, if we ever wish to sell that yard,
it is upon these considerations I predicate the
vote I shall give upon this appropriation.
The amendment, by unanimous consent, was
withdrawn.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I renew
the amendment; and I do so, Mr. Chairman,for
the purpose of advocating the original proposi-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means. My
action will not be controlled by the reasons which
seem to govern the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Brandegee,] whose hostility to the estab-
lishment of an iron-clad navy-yard at League
Island, in the Delaware river, and which grows
out of the fear he has for his own pet project
at New London, has been thrust forward in
this debate without the least pretext for it. t
deem, sir, that the proposed enlargement of the
Philadelphia navy-yard is called for by the best
interests of the Government. If at any future
period a navy-yard should be constructed at
League Island, as I trust that it soon will be, and
it shall become necessary to sell this land, the
Government will lose nothing, but, on the con-
trary, will be able to dispose of it at an enhanced
price. The appropriation is a necessary one, and
is, we are told by the Department, as economical
as it could be made with a view to answer the de-
mands of the Navy. The reasons advanced by
the Committee of Ways and Means for the ap-
propriation arc plain and practical; it is founded
upon the estimates and )ecommendations of the
Department; it is needed and judicious, and I
trust that it willsecuie the approval of the House.
Mr. STROUSE. Mr. Chairman, there need
be no nervousness on the part of the member trom
Connecticut [Mr. Brandegee] in reference to the
delegation upon this floor from Pennsylvania. We
aie not now considering the claim of Connecticut
for a new pavy-yard, nor whether an iron-clad
navy-yard shall be established at League Island.
The gentleman has propounded the question why
we do not take more interest in this matter. Sir,
I beg leave to say to the House—and I wiH be
sustained by the Representatives from Pennsyl-
vania on both sides of the House—that w« take
a more enlarged view ofourduties. We are not
confined to the narrow limits of a State; we are
here as the representatives of the whole country.
While we feel State pride, as all men do, yet,
sir, we act with refeience to the mcutsoi demerits
of the measures presented for our consideration.
Gentlemen will find that' wo do not advocate
League Island or any other place as Pennsylva-
nians. We do not advocate it because it is lo-
cated in Pennsylvania or near Philadelphia. I
come myself from the interior of the State, and I
do not advocate it because it is upon the border of
Pennsylvania. We take a moreenlaiged view
of the question; and when it comes fauly before
us we will decide that which is best for the Amer-
ican Navy. I do not see why there is this cx-
traordinai y clamor and this nervousness because
perchance the establishment of a navy-yard at
'■ League Island may be advocated here by gentle-
men from Pennsylvania.
Mr. Chairman, permit to say to the House,
that if League island has not advantages to rec-
ommend it to the favorable consideration of the
House, let some other place be selected; but until
it is demonstrated before the House and we are
entirely convinced that League Island has not
superior claims, let us pass on to the public busi-
ness that demands our attention.
Mr. GR IS WOLD. Mr. Chairman, aa a mem-
bei of the Naval Committee, I must enter my pro-
test against a discussion relative to the merits of
League Island or New London, or any other lo-
cation,-^n connection with this simple question of
the purchase of additional land for the enlarge-
ment of the Philadelphia navy-yard.
So far as I know, sir, the members of thatcom-
mittee have taken up this question upon its mer-
its alone. They have not been influenced in their
recommendation upon a simple point of this kind
by the feelings or interests either of League Isl- *
and or New London, ofPennsylvania or Connec-
ticut. We have taken it up as a business matter,
considering the importance of the enlargement of
the navy-yard upon the grounds so well stated
| not only by members of the Committee of Ways
! and Means, but by members of the Naval Com-
| mittee, and we have, as our unanimous opinion,
! come to the conclusion that the purchase of this
little tract of land will be of great benefit to the
country,.inasmuch as it will nearly double the
facilities of the navy-yard at Philadelphia.
I rose simply to protest as a member of the
Naval Committee against this matter being in-
volved in any degiee in the consideration of the
question of a future navy-yard and its location.
Mr. KELLEY. I concur, Mr. Chairman, in
the propriety of the remark of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Griswold,] that we should ex-
1 elude from the discussion now pending all con-
! siderations with reference to the question of a new
j navy-yard for iron vessels. That will be before •
j us at an early day, when I shall be prepared to
| show, and think 1 shall be sustained by the facts
of the case, where that yard should be located.
But that question has no connection with the one
now before the committee, and should be excluded
from the discussion. 
Sir, wharfage and dockage are the great wants
of our Navy at this time, and I affirm without fear
of contradiction that to-day, at this very hour,
there are more Government vesselsjying in hired
docks and at hired wharves in the city of New
York alone than there were in the American Navy
on the day on which the rebellion broke out.
Within two weeks past a majority of the mem-
bers of the Naval Committee have seen that the
docks and wharves for a considerable distance
south of the Philadelphia yard are rented by the
Government, and that our vessels in large num-
bers are lying at them; so too to the north of the
yard several docks and some of the finest wharves
are engaged by the Government and occupicd by
transports and other vessels.
During the last Congress [ opposed the pur-
chase of the strip of land for the purchase of which
it is now proposed to make an appropriation. I
did il because I then thought a job was attempted,
inasmuch as a price beyond what it was worth
was asked for the land; but the proviso in this
bill limits the purchase money to $>90,000, and
my judgment is that it will be a bargain at a price
within that sum. It has a valuable though not
extensive wharf front, and it cuts oil the southern
boundary of the yard from the line of a street laid
down on the plan of Philadelphia, and which will
be opened to travel; so that should that yard be
exposed for sale for commeicial or general pur-
poses its market value will be enhanced far more
J than $90,000 by theGovernmentownmgthe street
front along its southern and longest boundmy. ^
I hope, sir, that by the future legislation of this
session a necessity will be created for the early
sale of that yard, and thus the $90,000 to be ap-
propriated by this bill be converted into a much
larger sum for the Treasury atan early day. This
purchase will meet a present and pressing want
of the Navy. Having opposed this purchase dur-
ing the last Congress, I feel it is but justice to
myself and those who temember my vote on that
occasion to say that on the terms proposed by
the present bill I think we could not do a more
judirious thing than to provide for the puichase.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not the amount now pro-
posed thd same that was proposed in the last Con-
gress?
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; the sum was-then
one hundred and twenty thousand dollars odd, if I
remember, and that is a very material difference.
I am not sure that it was not $150,000.
Mr. Holman's amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to amend by striking
out the appropriation of $30,000 for completion of
extension of building at Pensacola. While lam
not opposed to proper appropriations for the re-
