1874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26
cent, on capital in excess of'circulation; and one
naif of one percent, upon deposits, in my judg-
ment it is too small. These banks ought tu be«r
a taxation equal to two per cent, on their citcula-
tion and two per cent, on their excess of capital,
and I think nearly as much on deposits, so as to
reach the city banks, where the deposits are really
ihe circulation. The rate of taxation, then, fixed
by the Committee on Finance is too small if that
was all that was to be assessed upon them.
On the other hand, the proviso added by the
Committee on Finance does not meet with my
concurrence. 1 expressed my dissent from it in !!
committee, and I am bound to do it here. I ob- I'
ject to it, because in stead of creating uniformity
it will create diversity. In the State of Ohio, in
Rome Communities, the tax will be one per cent.;
m other communities it will be two per cent. In
som*frStates, like Michigan and in the far West
where the rate of taxation is very high on landed
estate, the rate of taxation will be so great as to
prevent these banks from coming into operation.
In the new States, where the land is valued at
about one third of us value, for instance in the
State of Iowa, where the land is put on the tax-
duplicate at perhaps one thud of its valuation,and
the same is true of many of the western States 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 do not know where that
land is in Iowa. I am a tax payer in several
counties of that State, and I have never yet found
that 1 owned any property in any county where
it was assessed at one third of its valuation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator would
not like to sell his property at the valuation put
upon it in the tax-duplicate.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 shall be obliged to the Sen-
ator if he will furnish me with a purchaser at its
assessed value.
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate, weknow that
land on a tax-duplicate is not usually assessed
at its full value, or even its fan* value, or even
approaching its fair value. If you require that
the bank capital on the tax-duplicate in these
new States shall be assessed at us full value you
will have an unequal amount of taxation upon
bank capital. Noris this all. We look vei y much
to this matter as ttaftects our own States, These
banks are all located in cities and in towns wheie
the rate of taxation is almost double vvhatit is in
the country. There is scarcely a city in the
State in which I live where the municipal tax is
not equal to theiState tax,and as these hanks aie
all located in the ciues, you compel them to as-
sist in paving the streets and in lighting the
streets. You levy on them all these local taxes
which are assessed for the benefit only of the
real estate, and you prescribe a rate of taxation
that is diversified in almost every community
and every town of every State.
There are objections to the system of taxation
proposed. We call this a national institution.
We think these banking associations essential to
maintain the national eredit. They are agents of
the national Government. They are only justi-
fied as agents of the national Government to pro-
tect the national credit. It seems to me that while
they ought to bear their full value of taxation,
that taxation ought to inure to the benefit of the
General Government. If you leave them to ail
this diversified local taxation, or to encounter lo-
cal prejudices, because moneyed capital always
-Joes encounter local prejudices,! believe you will
hung them within the declaration made by Chief
Justice Marshall, that " the power to tax is the
power to destroy.'* You may enable local com-
munities and local corporations and States to de-
stroy what you regard and what you organize as
a national agent tor the protection of the national
credit.
I am bound to say to the Senator from Michi-
gan, however,, that it teems to me it would be far
wiser and. far better lor u*. to adopt .the amend- i
mcnt of the Committee on Finance than to take ;
the bill as sent to u* by the House of Represent- I
puivrs. Hi* object will be accomplished hystnk- |i
ingout the first proviso of the committer's amend-
jncot; and in case that was done I should be }i
willing to vote for any i ea^onnblt; tax upon these
banks—I do not ca,v if u is two or three per!'
' ijent.—-and leave the whole to inuie for the ben- '■
1 f:fit of the nation il (jroiernment. !!
I know that th,e subject is full of eml-an^ss- \\
meats; 1 know tnai if we i --serve tine bunking /
Capital from taxation by focal i.nft State. authori-
ties, it will tend to make them unpopular. I de-
sire to see this system not only successful -but
popular, and perhaps the wkhdiawal of so much
actual capital from local taxation will tend to
make them unpopular, h seems to me, however,
that if we impose upon them a Urge tax inuring
to the benefit of the General Government, and
pledge the proceeds of that tax to the payment of
the interest and principal of the national debt, we,
meet that popular clamor, and it*is the only way;
we can meet it. I sha'l therefore be willing to putf
a tax of two per cent, on circulation and one per
cent, on deposits, winch will be equal to a tax of
three per cent, on the cnculation of the banks.
The tax on deposits will reach the city banks,
and the tax-on circulation will reach the country
banks.
Mr. GRIMES. One per cent, on deposits?
Mr. SHERMAN. Ye-,sir. I think the banks
in the cities can very well bear that without any
great trouble. They pay generally four or five
per cent, interest for tiieir deposits, and if instead
of four or five per cent, they should pay three or
four, as a matter of course it will very easily be
made up. This would yield a very large sum
if the full amount of the circulation authorized
under this act should be issued. We authorize
the issue of §>300,000,000, and two per cent, on
that would be §6,000,0,00. The deposits might be
safely estimated as at least equal oi double the
circulation. They are at least equal in the coun-
try bunks and generally dojuble or treble in the
cities; and a tax of one per cent, -on them would
yield $3,000,000 more. Then a tax on the excess
of capital over circulation, because many ot the
city banks have more capital than circulation,
would yield a considerable sum; making alto-
gether a very large sum of money, which would
tend very much to strengthen the national Gov-
ernment. It would be a sure "and certain fund,
and it would place these banks under a heavy
burden of taxation, and yet under an equal uud
uniform taxation thioughout the country, not
vaiying in the ddfeient portions of the country.
if a proposition is made to amend the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance in that par-
ticular 1 shall vote foi it. If it should be losf, I
beg the Senator from Michigan not to consider
the bill as defeated; because even if you subject
those banks to local and municipal taxation, if
the Senate should, contraiy to my judgment,
compel the stockholder of these banks to have
their names nisei ted in the tax-duplicates, and be
subject to all the multiform State and local tax-
ation, still-I desne to see the bill pass, believing
that in tune Congtess may correct it when the
evil is felt.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to state that if
the effect of the adoption of the amendment of
fered by the Senator from Maine be as supposed
by the Senator from Michigan 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will under-
stand it is not my amendment; it is the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HENDERSON. Offer* d by the Senator?
Mr. FESSEiNDEN. No, sir; it is an amend-
ment reported fiom the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HENDERSON. Well, the Senator is the
organ through which it comes.
Mr. FESiSENDEN. I have no more to do with
it than any other rm mber of the committee.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was simply going to
say that if tiie effect of the amendmentas it came
fiom the committee, and offered by the Senator
fiom Maine, be as supposed by the St nator from
Michigan, 1 for one shall not on tliat account ob-
ject to tts adoption. If it be to prevent the organ-
ization of any more banks under the provisions
of this bill, I certainly, lor that reason alone,
would give it my support. But, sir, 1 do not hold
that that will be the effect of the uduption of tht
amendment.
1 am very much astonished at theopinionsanJ
views of som 4 gentlemen in ngard to theae in-
stitutions. We have heaid a gnat deal said at
various times m the history ot the Government
in regaid to pel institutions; but it really seems
to me that if we are not now petting thesi: insti-
tutions, 1 do not know what we are at. We
adopted an amendment to the bill a short time
ago, permitting one of the huge moneyed corpo-
lauons ot the country Lo come in without the lia-
bilities that we impost- upon otS<ei«, giv.ng ihnt
preference to one institution. If we do liiat in
one case, why not excuse another and another,
until finally the idea of individual liability is en-
tirely destroyed? Why not say that the direct-
ors themselves shall not be liable for any mis-
management of theirs, or that the stockholders
shall not be iiable for any mismanagement?
Here now is another proposition, and really
to my mind a very alarming one, 1 do not know
to what extent this thing will go. I cannot tell.
I-do not know where will be the end of it. The
proposition now is to exempt the capital of these
banks fiom State taxation, from municipal tax-
ation, from county taxation, and to leave them
without comparatively any taxation on the part
of the United States. It really seems to me that
we are making them pet institutions indeed.
What good are they to accomplish? What
good are they doing the Secietary of the Treas-
ury at the present time? If they enable him to
sell the bonds of the United States, it is because
of the fact that this system gives to the purchasers
of those bonds greater facilities than they would
have in the meie enjoyment of the inteiest from
those bonds. Individuals when they purchase
those bonds are allowed to make them a basis
upon which to issue a ciiculahng medium. When
they put the notes of their banks m cnculation do
they not clog the vei y operations of the Treas-
ury? Do they outproduce the difficulty of which
the Senator now complains, and that is that the
currency is redundant; that it is in his way; that
he has too much of it? The State banks of the
loyal States have not exceeding one hundred and
sixty or one hundred and seventy million in cir-
culation, while tlie Secretary of the Treasury has
in circulation at least six hundred and ninety mil-
lion or somewheie in that neighborhood ; and yet
I understand the Secretary to complain that that
circulation of the State banks is in his way, and
that he must get rid of it. Why, in the name of
conscience, when individuals get these notes w Inch
the Comptioller of the Treasury will furnish to
them, on their depositing with him a certain
amount of United States bonds, do they not put
them m circulation, and is not the vei y difficulty
of wjnch we want to get i id again put in oui way?
Then, sir, if it is essential in the operations of
the financial affairs of the Government, why not
permit the Secretary of the Tieasury to go on
and issue legal-tendei notes? Why shall we
rob the Government of that amount of interest
when we may suffer the Government to use cir-
culating notes without interest and thus save to
the Government that interest at such a time as this,
when it is necessary to save every dollar that we
possibly can in the operations of the Government?
We gain nothing by it. The Government does
not lealize anything from this bill. Inasmuch as
some banks are aheady in operation under this
system, 1 should be pei fectiy w illmg to leave them
in operation and to take the injuiy that may be
inflicted upon us in the futuie by these small banks
located at various and distant pat ts of the country,
the circulation of which, as the bill now providts,
is to be made redeemable at certain points; but
heietofoie they have only been redeemable at the
places of issue, producing no unifomiity as con-
templated by the bill. In the futuie, when peace
comes, we f.hall see that this will not, do as a cir-
culating medium, i am satisfied of it. We had
infinitely better have legal-tender notes, in my
judgment. If these notes are worth anythieg,
the legal-tender notes are woith just as much;
because the only basts of the notes of these na-
tional banks in order to make them good is the
bond of the Governmental last.
W hat is the objection ot the Senator from Mich-
igan? He says that if the amendment of the
Committee on Finance to enable the States to tax
the capital stock of these banks i,s adopted, it will
destroy the bill, if that will destroy the bill it
had better be destroyed, and the sooiler it is de-
stroyed the better. Why, sir, one half of the
suiplus capital of various Stales of this Union
might be pot into those batiks. You allow them
a capita! of $300,000,000 in the, aggregate. Why
-could not the entiie s>ui plus capita! of the State of
ii D< laware be put into these banks? Why could
U not half the capital of the State of Rhode Inland or
!j the State of Connecticut be put into these banks?
U Could lie done very easily. Half the capital
Ii of my State could be put in them. When this
i; laige amount of propel ty is taken from those avo-
■ i msya of busmysy where it is now taxed, not only
