1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2851
Mr. POMEROY. I am speaking of that por-
tion who are not in a situation to be moved, and
1 think Senators will certainly see it is very clear
they cannot make a crop this year. In the first
place they are not there; it will take them half
the season if they were there, and it is hardly
worth while to talk about it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 ask for the yeas
and nays upon the adoption of my amendmentto
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
ARMY A IMPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson-] is now in his seat, and if
there is no objection 1 should like to postpone
this bill for a moment to take up the report of the
committee of conference on House bill No. 198.
The PRE&I DENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Wisconsin desires the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider at the present time the
re|iort of the committee of conference on the bill
(11. R. No. 198) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1865. The Chair hems no objection, and it is
before the Senate. The question is on concurring
in the report.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I should like to have it
explained, so that we may understand what the
committee have agreed upon.
Mr. HOWE. The House recede from their
disagreement to the seventh amendment of (he
Senate, and werecedefrom our ninth amendment.
The eighth amendment was the one about which
the controversy arose, and we have agreed to a
substitute for that section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the substitute?
Mr. HOWE. Perhaps the Secretary had bet-
ter read the section we agreed open as a substitute
for the fourth section of the bill.
The Secretary read a portion of the report of
the conference committee, as follows:
That.the House recede fiom their disagreement to the
eighth amendment of the Senate, and agree; to the same
with ah amendment as follows, and the Senate agree to
the same: strikeout all after the enacting clause" (bciii','
section lour) and insert in lieu thereof the lollownij?:
That all persons of color who wore iree on the 19th
day of ApttI, 1861, and who have been enlisted and mus-
tered into the military service of the United States, shall
fiorn the tune of their enlistment be entitled to receive the
pay, bounty, and clothing allowed to «uch persons by the
laws exiting at the tune oftheir enlistment. And the At-
torney General of the United States is hereby authorized
to determine any question of law arhing under thi*> pio-
visiou. And if the Attorney General aioresaid shall de-
termine that any of.iuch enlisted persons are entitled to le-
eeive any pay, bounty, or clothing in addition to whatthey
have already received, the Secretary of War shall make ail
necessary regulations to enable the pay department to
make payment in accordance with such determination.
Mr. WILSON. 1 desirean explanation of this
report. The fourth section of the Senate amend-
ments provides that colored persons—not free per-
sons, but eolored persons—who have enlisted into
the service, if they were promised that they should
have full pay, shall receive that pay, and the Sec-
retary of War shall determine the question. It
was thought that under that section, two Massa-
chusetts regiments, two or three raised in South
Carolina under General Hunter who had author-
ity to raise them at full pay, and one or two regi-
ments raised by General Butler at New Orleans,
perhaps in ail some ten regiments in the country,
would receive the baek pay of thirteen dollars a
month; that the question would be left to the Sec-
retary of War; and there would be no difficulty
about their payment. It also provided "that the
pay of these other eolored regiments, more than
one hundred'm number, raised by the Govern-
ment with the distinct understanding that they
were to have only this sum of money, that is, ten
dollars a month, should not be intetferred with;
but after the 1st of January of the present yeat
they should have full pay.
If 1 understand the substitute reported by the
committee of conference, it is simply this: a!! col-
ored soldiers who were free on ihe 39th day of
April, 1861, are to receive the pay thnt the law
allows them; and the Attorney General is to de-
cide what that pay is to be. Why limit it to those
who were free hi April, 1861? These South Car-
olina men were not free at that time. The men
enlisted in Colonel liijjgiuson's regiment and Col-
one! Montgomery'®} regiment, who were enlisted
undtr the authority of General lluntei and Gen-
eral S'lXlun, and tiio.se enlisted by General But-
itT at New Orleans and mustered into the service
were not free men. They were mostly, certainly
in South Carolina, slaves. I think in Louisiana
many of them were free men; but they were
mixed. There is no doubt that those South Car-
olina regiments ought to have this,pay;and I think
it is very wrong in the Government to quibble
about it. Some of the men in those regiments
have absolutely worked for the Government for
nearly two years, and have not received pay
enough to pay their expenses for clothing. The
Massachusetts regiments have never received any
pay at all. Several of these regiments have been
almost in a state of mutiny. It is with the greatest
difficulty that mutinies arc kept down in some of
those regiments on account of the feeling in re-
gard to their pay. The fifty-fourth Massachu-
setts regiment has lost more than half of us men
in killed and wounded in the war. It seems to me
to limit this provision to men free m 1861 leaves
out the men who were slaves at that time, and
who ought to have equal justice done them. If
that is the understanding of the report, certainly
i am opposed to it; but it may be that the com-
mittee can explain it so that it will be satisfac-
tory.
Mr. POMEROY. I am certain that this report
of the committee of conference is very unjust to
one or two regiments in my State. It provides
that if a man was free on a certain day in April,
1861, he can be paid. There are two regiments
of colored men raised in my Slate who are now
in the service. They have no means of proving
that they were free at that time. «We never heard
any questions asked whether they were free or
not. This co.mmtttee of conference now pro-
pose to say that if they were free on a certain
day they can be paid. It throws the burden of
proof on them to show that they were free, when
it ought to be the other way. I want the Gov-
ernment, or somebody else, to piove that they
were slaves if they can. Under this proposition
a colored man may he in the Army, perhaps in
front of the enemy, and yet when the paymaster
comes along he says to him, " If you can prove
that you were free on the 19th of April, 18G3, I
can payyou." The poor man will reply, " I
cannot prove anything about n; here 1 am in
the enemy's countiy; here I am for the flag; for
the cause; I cannot prove anything about that;
that is making me prove what I cannot prove."
I do not suppose there is a eolored man in my
State who can prove that he was free on any
given day. He concludes that he is free. We
conclude thnt he is free. Nobody has ever been
after him. We found him in the State, like the
rest of us. We came from various States and
got together there, white and colored. We have
not asked them where they came from. It may
be the presumption that they were all runa-
ways from Missouii or Arkansas, because they
are black; hut th.it we do not know. But, sir,
they were taken into the service of the United
States; were mustered into that service, and have
not been paid, I am sorry to say; and under this
report of the committee of conference they can-
not he paid, because they are unable to pro^e
either that they were free or slaves on anygiven
day.
Mr. CONNESS. i should like to hear some
reason for this, as it seems to me, mostunreason-
able and unjust discrimination contained in this
report. I have no speech to make further than
to say, in addition towhat I have now said, that
of all the propositions that hnve been submitted
to the Senate on this subject of the payment of
colored troops, ehe one contained in "this report
seems to my mind the most ridiculous, the most
extraoruinaty, the most inconsistent, and the most
difficult fo he' applied. Pay a man who is carry-
ing yuur arms and fighting your battles because
iu was Jiffj on a certain day, and not because he.
fights! Pay a man because he was free by chance
or acoid' nf, and i efuse ft) pay a man who is made
f«ee by th<> jn uclarn.dion of the Piesident! Pay
a man who was free, who pet haps has made a
i very poor soldier indeed, ami refuse pay to a man
i who was a very heio when heroes weie needed!
! Of ail the foi ms this proposition 1ms assumed from
the l)<'gi')isin<?,5 1 think it has finally succeeded in
tins f"i m iu assuming the most ridiculous one. 1
! should like toknow howitcamem such a shape.
; Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, i fee! rather flat-
• tcred by the comment** of the distinguished Sen-
1 ator from California. 1 haidly know how to make
my acknowledgments of the fine terms in which
he has spoken of the humble efforts of the last
committee of conference that undertook to recon-
cile the two belligerent Houses of Congress. I
think i may say, however, on behalf of this com-
mittee, that if they had undertaken to reflect the
views of individual members, certainly if they
had undertaken to reflect my views, or if they had
confined themselves exclusively to an effort to re-
flect the views of either House of Congress, they 9
probably would not have produced precisely sucn
a report as they have; but it will be borne iu mind
by the Senate that there was a collision here be-
tween the two Houses, a collision of opinions
which it seemed to be a little difficult to get out
of. I think this is the third committee which has
been convened to consider these difficulties.
Upon this one point the House of Itcpresenta-
tive$ and the Senate, by their respective action,
seemed to concede that the law made a difference
between-the pay of soldiers with culorand soldiers
without any color to speak of; but the House in-
sisting that with or without color they were worth
just about so much proposed to put colored sol-
diers upon the ground of a quantum meruit, and
to provide bylaw for the payment of coloied sol-
diers at the same rate as white soldiers are paid
upon the same very plain ground that they are
worth just as much. The Senate, seeming to deny
that they were worth as much on the whole, pro-
posed to pay Un-'in upon the ground of a special
contract, not made with the Government,but mnde
with some officer of the Government with oi with-
out authority. •
The committee found some difficulty in agree-
ing to the proposition that negroes were worth as
much as soldieis as white men, and then fore they
were not willing to agree to the House proposi-
tion. Other gentlemen were disinclined ro agree
to the proposition that they would pay a man
more than he is worth simply upon the ground of
a contract which was made without any author-
ity, and therefore they were unwilling to agree to
the Senate proposition. In the mean time this
committee, or at least a majority of them, were of
the opinion that ihe law was at the time these men
were enlisted that they should have the same rate
of pay as white troops; that the law made no dis-
tinction between the pay merit of white and colored
troops; and they were willing to suiumtthai ques-
tion to the Attorney General of the United States.
Those who thought that the negto waanot worth
as much as a soldier as a white man still had no
very good reason for refusing to [my tlrem what
the law gave them, and therefore had no very
good objection to olfer to this proposition. They
agreed to it. They agreed to that sort of arbitra-
tion.
But there was another difficulty to get along
with. There weie those who,although they were
willing to refer the question whether negroes who
were free at the brealOng ou t of the warsshould re-
ceive this amount of pay, were so firmly of the
opinion that the men who had been made free iu
the progress of the war had received a very large
compensation for their services as soldiers, that
they were not willing to refer the question to the
Attorney General as to whether they should have
this back pay or not. That was the case with
some. That was one of the opinions that We
found.
If I may be allowed to speak for myself I will say
that I did anticipate, and do now believe, that if the
law shall be settled that black men who were nee
before the 19th of April, 1861, were entitled to
thirteen doliai s a month, it will be settled that those
who were made fiee afterwards were entitled
to the same rate of pay; that the disputed ques-
tion, if there is any as to tire question of law, is
as to whether the law made a distinction between
the pay of black and white troops, but there can
be, i think, no pretense that there is a discrimina-
tion made in the Jaw between the pay of those black
tioops who were free befoie a certain date and
those who were made free afterwards. Whether
there ought to he such a discrimination is another
question. I do not think there is airy such dis-
ciimmation now made jn the law.
There was another difficulty in undertaking to
regulate this matter upon the ground of a con tuict.
It r<used a question of fact which I under stand is
going to be a very ugly one to settle, upon which
the controvary is, I understand, a little violent,
and u was desifed to avoid that. ! think, how-
