1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1875
by the State but by cities and counties, and in-
vested in banking under this bill, the proposition
is that it shall be entirely sequestrated and set
apart and shall no longer be subject to the leve-
nue laws of the different States.
"Mr. President, to me the proposition is alarm-
ing. If we say now thet we will exemptfrom in-
dividual liability certain banks, at the next ses-
sion we may exempt others, and at the succeed-
ing session others, and we shall go oil adding other
exemptions and other privileges. If we can now
say, in order to induce capital to come in, that the
States shall not tax, why at the next session may
we not say, in order to induce others to come in,
that we will remove the tax imposed by the Fed-
eral Government, and why not other exemptions
and other benefits conferred on them, until finally
we grant them all the privileges they may demand ?
I am in favorof the proposition of the Commit-
tee on Finance, and hope that it may be adopted:
in the fiist place, that it may have the effect of de-
feating the bill; and in the second place, whether
it defeat it or not, it is mere justice and ought to
be adopted.
Mr, COLLAMER. I move that the Senatedo
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TuEbDAY, Jlpiil 26, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. Ii. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was lead and approved.
NOKTUEASTISKN DEFENSES.
The SPEAKER announced the following se-
lect committee ordered yesteiday on the defenses
of the northeastern frontier: Messrs. Rice of
Maine, Alley, Cox, Hale, Pattlkson, Rad-
ford, and Driggs.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in or-
der to be the consideration of House bill No. 421,
to pay m part for the published debates of Con-
gress, and for other purposes, which was post-
poned to this day.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and tln> House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and before the question is taken, I move that all
debate on the pending section of the tax bill be
closed in one minute after its consideration shall
be resumed.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. What will be the con-
dition of the bill in reference to the Congressional
Globe if it now goes ovei?
The SPEAKER. It will come up among the
reports of committees undisposed of in accoid-
' anee with its date.
Mr. MORRILL. It is suggested there are
some amendments to be offered which may re-
quire debate, and I therefore withdraw the motion
to close debate. I insist on my motion to go into
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of
THE TAX BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending amend-
ment, moved by Mr. J. C. Allen, to be as fol-
lows: strike out "two and a half of one," and
in lieu thereof insert " four;" so that it will read:
Pioddal, That upon such gams, profit?, or income which
shall- be derived from interet-f upon notes, bonds, or secu-
rities of the United State?-, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid a duty of Tout per cent, only, anything m this act
to the eoutiary notwithstanding.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the en-
tire proviso, and in lieu thereof to insert the fol-
lowing:
That income deiived fiom interest on bond*. notes, and
othei fceeui ities of the United States shall be included in
estimating incomes under tins section.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think that we ought
to be allowed to go back and again take the vote
on striking out that proviso. The vote was taken
yesteiday when the House was thin.
Mr. HOLMAN. It might have been better
and more simple in form to strike out jhat pro-
viso; but inasmuch as that motion was made and
defeated, this seems to be the only mode of get-
ting at it.
Mr. MORRILL. Does the gentleman from
Indiana desire to check the investment now going
on in the bonds of the United States?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not.
Mr. MORRILL. Then the gentleman ought
not to move the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. But I want the interest re-
ceived on those bonds, payable as it is to the
holder, to be estimated in the incomes. If we do
not do that, we will withdraw from taxation for
general purposes millions and millions of dollars.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order.
1 understand t«Uat the motion has already been
made to strike out the proviso and defeat it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana is in order.
Mr. HOLMi\N. My proposition is a substi-
tute for the proviso. I trust that no gentleman
will misapprehend the point of my amendment.
It is not to tax these bonds; that question ts not
before tlie Houjse. The question is whether the
interest received on those bonds shall be regarded
as a portion of income of the citizen for the pur-
pose of taxation. As it is the citizen may with-
draw his whole estate from taxation by invest-
ment in these bonds. The injustice is manifest.
It is better for the country to pay seven, eight, or
nine per cent, interest for money to carry on this
war than to withdraw these secunties in every
shape and form ftom taxation.
Mr. PIKE. This proposition, I will say, if
eatried, will pljice this tax m the same condition
as the income tax of Great Eutain. During: the
wars of Nopolcon, when, from the year 1803 up
to the elo.se'of the wars 
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Maine cannot get up and
argue in favor of the amendment of the gentle-
man fiom Indiana while pretending to oppose it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I oppose the amend-
ment pro forma.
Mr. PIKE'. Now, I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman fiom Indiana by striking
out some part of it.
Mr. MORRILL. The amendment to strikeout
something and insert nothing has been tried over
and over again, and therefore it is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. PIKE. The amendmentof the gentleman
from Indiana is to include the proceeds of invest-
ments in the national debt. I move to amend so
that three fourths of the interest on the public
debt shall be included, instead of the whole.
If this amendment is carried we shall place this
matter in the same condition that the income tax
of Great Britain was from 1803 until the close of
the Napoleonic wars, when they assessed the in-
come tax originally five percent., and finally ten
per cent., making no deduction from the income
derived from the national debt.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 rise to a point of order.
My friend from Maine is not, I insist, either ar-
guing against the amendment of the gentleman
fiom Indiana oi in favorof his own amendment.
1 The CHAIRMAN*. The gentleman has the
floor to oppose the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. PIKE. I offered an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman will
speak to his amendment.
Mr. PIKE. That is what I am doing. I wish
to say still further, that the average municipal
taxes assessedjn this country, which the law au-
thoiizing the issue of bonds exempts the holder
of bonds from paying, amount 5 to about twenty-
five per cent, of the income derived from United
Slates bonds. The income from national bonds
is six per cent., to say nothing of the increase
arisingoutof the depreciation of currency. Now,
the average of municipal taxation in this country
is at least one and a half per cent. That one
and a half per cent, the holder of these bonds is
exempt from paying. All over the country we
find at the spring assessments men of wealth
drawing out their national boude and presenting
them to our over-taxed municipalities, and say-
ing to the assessors that those bonds are exempt.
It is a matter ofcontract with them, and we can-
not escape from it; but it is not a matter of con-
tract to exempt them from paying tluur share of
the income tax. Now, all these small localities
are very greatly in debt on account of this war.
This national stock is the best property in this
country; and, as a matter of course, the wealthi-
est men of the coynti y, as they always aggregate
to themselves the best propeity, are gathermg in
thpse national bonds. As we cannot reverse our
action, I hope the House will take no further ac-
tion in that direction. But we must continue to
exempt the bonds from municipal taxation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. J. C. ALLEN." I rise to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine, i am
opposed to the amendment which he proposes to
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana.
I think we ought to tax the income derived from
these bonds in the same manner as we tax in-
comes derived from any other source. We im-
pose this burden upon those who deiive their
income fiom all other sources, and there ts no
leason why those who derive an income from
this source should be exempt. You may look
through this hill, and you will find no other tax
imposed which is not ultimately thrown back
upon the consumer. The manufacturer charges
the tax which he lias to pay upon his customers;
the merchant charges the tax lie has to pay upon
his income upon his customers; the butcher
charges the tax he has to pay upon his custom-
ers; and so it is with every other species of tax
contained in the bill but this.
Cut when you come to tax capitalists who can-
not come back upon anybody behind them, you
propose to exempt them. This is wrong in prin-
ciple. Men who invest largely in the bonds of
the Government, men who aie protected by high
tariffs, and who have it in their power to avoid
the pressuie of taxation upon theii manufactures,
are ihus permitted to relieve themselves from the
burdens of taxation in this regaid. As I re-
marked yesteiday,it will not be conducive to the
welfaie of the Government, for every other spe-
cies of taxation in this bill enables the party taxed
to go back upon the consumer, directly or indi-
rectly, and relieve himself from this burden.
But when you undertake to tax the capital in
the hands of bondholders, where it is impossible
for them to come back on the consumers, and
thus relieve themselves from the burden, then
gentlemen say that you must not tax them be-
cause you will destioy investments in the bonds
of the Government. I tell you there is nothing
in that argument. These gentlemen invest by
thousands and millions in the bonds of the Gov-
ernment, believing them to be the best securities
they can get, and it is pioposed now to relieve
them from taxation on their investment, and to
cast the whole burden on the sweat and toil of the
country.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Holman's
amendment; and being taken, it was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I offer the
following as an additional proviso to section one
hundred and fourteen:
Jind provided further* That net profits realized by sales
made Mnce the pas sa^e ot the uets, to winch tins is supple- *
mcntary, upon investments innd<* prioi theioto, shall not
be ehutgenblu at" income, nor shall losses tu^tamed hy in-
vestments similarly made IxMleducted irom the income of
the year in which they are ur-eeitamed.
That proviso is offered to remedy an effiw
which, 1 take u, the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue has made in the consUuetiou of the ex-
isting Jaw. I send to the Ch rk's disk a letter of
the Commissioner, addressed to. myself, which
explains the matter fully. 9
The Clerk read, as follows:
Trf4scky
Omen of Intfrnaj- Revenue,
Washington. March 9, 1804,
?ir : Youi Settei of the 7th octant ha- been teceived in-
closing a letter from —and in reply I will say that wher&
projn-ity was bought sown* \ea,'s ayo and is now told, til©
piotit aiiMiig Imtn s-neh sale mu-5 he lenirnedasJ incoise
lor the year dnriut; which the sale \va« made.
Where pH>(x rfy" has* been unpmiluetiYe. ii.t<T<sf on the
putehase uuuitv Uom tune o! ptoeha-e pit ?:>k\ together
v\ nh uie p'ud, n il) I— pi opt t h add* d !<- tin part U:use
money, uiui the t-iirn drduet'-d nom ihe pise- wiueh the
-ale yyu-j made. Tito difi'eit m e will b<- til': piotii and tax-
able as income.
Where pioperty has been eatneiynily ptouuetiv**to pav
