248
APPENDIX TO TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
38th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
" For pay of superintendent of botanic garden,
and assistants in the botanic garden and green-
hctis-s", tn be expended under the direction of the
Library Committee of Congress, six thousand
one hundred and (orty-five dollars and eighty
cents.
columbian institution for the deaf and dumb
and blind.
For salaries and incidental expenses, embra-
cing, inanition to the objects heretofoie provided
for in this appropriation, the salary of an addi-
tional teacher, construction of a new sewer, and
the construction and repairs offences, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For continuing the work for the accommodation
of tlie students and inmates in said institution,
in addition to the appropriations heretofoV%made,
viz: for the purchase of a tract of improved land,
containing about thirteen acres, bordering on
Boundary street of the city of Washington, and
adjoining the lot now belonging to the institution,
to enable it to instruct the male pupils in hoiti-
culture and agncultuie, and tofutmsh sites for
mechanic shops and other necessary buildings,
twenty-six thousand dollars: Provided, That be-
fore the purchase of the said thirteen acres is
consummated, the owner shall complete the title
in fee to the premises now held and occupied by
said institution, by executing a release or convey-
ance of the remainders and reversions now out-
standing in him to the said institution.
To bring the Potomac water into the institu-
tion from the nearest water mains, or other ade-
quate sources in the city, three thousand two
hundred dollars.
patent office.
For expenses of receiving,arranging, and taking
core of copynght books, charts, and other copy-
right matter, one thouKund eight hundred dol-
luis.
For preparing illustrations a nil descriptions for
report, six thousand dollars.
dtillvey of the public lands.
For surveying the public lands, (exclusive of
California, Oregon, Washington, New Mexico,
Xfansas, Nebraska, Utah, Dakota, Colorado,
Nevada, Arizona, Idaho, and Montana,) includ-
ing incidental expenses and island surveys in the
interior, and all other special and difficult sur-
veys demanding augmented rates, to be appor-
tioned and applied to the several surveying dis-
tricts, according to the exigencies of the public
service, in addition to the unexpended balances
of all former appropiiations for the same objects,
fifty thousand dollars. .
For surveying the public lands in California
and Nevada, fifty thousand dollars.
For surveying public lands in Oregon, twenty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Washington
Territory, twenty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in the Terri-
tory of Colorado, twenty thousand dollars.
For surveying me public lands in Kansas and
Nebraska, fifty thousand dyllais.
Forsurveying the public lands in the Territory
of Dakota, five thousand dollais.
For the survey of R military road from Sioux
City, Iowa, to 1'ort Randall, Dakota Territory,
and from Niobrara,Nebraska Territory, to Fort
Randall, and to bridge the Dakota and Vermillion
rivers and other streams, fifteen thousand dollars.
Fo r surveying the public lauds in Now Mex-
ico, ten thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands m the Teintory
of Arizona, ten thousand dolJais.
For surveying the public lands m the Torn to ry
of Idaho, ten thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in the Territory
of Montana, ten thousand dollars.
miscellaneous.
For earring [cany iiig] un the work of the com-
mission appointed under the fiist article of the
reciprocity treaty with Great Britain,eight thou-
sand dollars.
For continuing the work on the Capitol exten-
sion* three hundred thousand dollars.
For finishing the Potent Office building, se\-
aaty-five thousand dollars
To enable the Commissiunci of Agriculture to
pay a debt incurred by the Commissioner of Pat-
ents in preparing the agricultural report for eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one, and transferred to
the account of the Agricuituial Department in
pursuance of an opinion of the Attorney General
of September eighteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, three thousand seven hundred and four
dollars and live cents.
To restore the salary of the chief messenger in
the Department of Agriculture to nine hundred
dollars per annum, at which it is fixed, three hun-
dred dollars.
For the annual subsidy for facilitating commu-
nication between the Atlantic and Pacific States
by electrical telegraph, forty thousand dollars.
For the continuation of the north wing of the
Treasury extension, five hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For furniture for Treasury building, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For the construction of vaults, as an additional
security to the public funds in United States de-
positories, thirty thousand dollars.
For the repair and preservation of custom-
houses, marine hospitals, and other public build-
ings under the supervision of the Treasury De-
partment, forty thousand dollars.
For the purpose of building a new custom-
house at Portland, Maine, on the site owned by
the United States, fifty thousand dollars.
For furniture and repairs of furniture of the
various public buildings under the supervision of
the Treasury Department, fifteen thousand dol-
lars.
For heating apparatus for the east front and
center wing of theTieasury building, in addition
to available appropriations, twelve thousand five
hundred and thirty-seven dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For plates, paper,and special dies,and the print-
ing of circulating notes, and expenses necessarily
incurred in procuring said notes, including mis-
cellaneous items, four hundred and forty-one
thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
For the discharge of such miscellaneous claims,
not otherwise provided for, as shall be admitted
in due course of settlement at the Treasury, ten
thousand dollars.
For the payment of messengers of the respect-
ive States, for conveying to the seat of Gov-
ernment the votes of the electors of said States
for President and Vice President of the United
Suites, twenty thousand dollars.
For stationery for the Treasury Department,
forty-five thousand dollars.
For compiling and supervising the Biennial
Register, per act of March second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, five hundred dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the branch mint at San Francisco for the year
ending thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, seventy-one thousand three hundred
and eleven dollars and ten cents.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the costs,charges,and expenses properly incurred
by the State of Minnesota in suppressing Indian
hostilities in the year eighteen hundred and six-
ty-two, the sum of one hundred and seventeen
thousand dollars: Provided, That only so much
of said sum shall be paid the State of Minnesota
as is allowed by the proper accounting officers
uiUcr [umkn] the twenty-second section of the
act approved March third,eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June thirtieth eighteen
eighteen hundied and sixty-four, and for the year
ending thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, and for other purposes."
montana.
For salaries of Governor and superintendent
I of Indian affairs, chief justice ond two associate
i judges, and secretary, nine thousand seven hun-
| dred dollars.
] For contingentcxpenscs of said Territory, one
1 thousand dollars.
j For compensation and mileage of the members
j of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
I contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
J thousand dollars.
! To enable the Joint Library Committee to pur-
chase a collection of early Ameiiean mops and
plans, chiefly manuscript originals illustrative of
the French war, and the war of the Revolution,
fordepositin the Library of Congress, one thou-
sand dollars.
For plans and detailed drawings for proposed
changes in the Capitol .wings to secure improve-
ment m the ventilation, heating, and acoustics of
the Hails of Congress, the sum of fifteen hundred
dollars, or so much thereof as maybe necessary;
the said outlay to be authorized and approved by
the joint select committee of the two Houses upon
the'venti(ation,&c., of said Halls, and to be paid
out of the aforesaid appropriation for the Capitol
extension.
For additional cleiical force in the office of the
assistant treasurer at Philadelphia, four thousand
five hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. *flnd be it further enacted, That the sum
of one hundred thousand dollars is hereby appro-
priated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the purpose of meet-
ing any expenses in detecting and bringing to
trial and punishment persons engaged in counter-
feiting Treasury notes, bonds, or other securities
of the United States, as well as the coin of the
United States: Provided, That in the courts of
the United States there shall be no exclusion of
any witness on account of color, nor in civil ac-
tions because he is a party to, or interested in,
the issue tried.
Sec. 4. And be it furlheY enacted, That the
compensation of the cleik to the Committee of
Ways and Means shall be twenty-one hundred
and sixty dollars per annum to commence with
the present session of Congress; and such sum
as may be found necessary to pay the same be,
and is hereby, appropriated.
To compensate personson board the U. S. gun-
boat Cincinnati, in accordance with the joint res-
olution, approved February [April] nineteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, seven thousand
two hundred dollars.
For compensation of stamp clerk in the office
of the assistant treasurer at San Francisco, two
thousand four hundred dollars, or so much thereof
as may be necessary.
For compensation to clerks and extra cleik
hire, m addition to that already appropiiated, in
the office of the Secretaiy of the Tieasury, one
hundied thousand dollais.
For payment to Messrs. Little, Brown & Co.,
for three hundred and ninety-five copies of the
10th and 11th volumes each of the Statutes at
Large, at three dollars and fifty cents per volume,
delivered by order of the Secretary of the Interior,
dated February twenty-first, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, two thousand seven hundred and
sixty-five dollars.
For payment of salaries for additional clerks
in the Navy Department, for the fiscal year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
live, nine thousand and eight hundred dollars.
For compensation to the clerk of the Committee
of Elections for preparing for publication a con-
tinuation of the digest of election cases, to be
expended under the direction of said committee,
the sum of one thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as in the opinion of said committee shall
be necessary therefor.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
miscellaneous items for the Senate for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, fifteen thousand seven hundred and
thirty doilais.
For deficiency for the Congressional Globe for
the ptesent session, twenty-five thousand and
sixty-five dollars and twelve cents.
_ Sec. 5. Jlnil be it further enadeds That in addi-
tion to the sum of ten thousand dollars, appro-
priated by the eleventh section of the act of March
three, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, for the
construction of vaults and the fitting up of offices
inthecustom-house building at Philadelphia,for
the accommodation of the assistant tiea^urer of
the United States at that city, there is hereby
appropriated, payable out of any moneys in the
Ireasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of forty thousand dollars, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
for the object provided for in said section, and m
such alteiations of said buildings as may be re-
quired to adapt the same to the receipt, custody,
