28.52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J'une 10,
ever,.if the Senate see fit to adopt this report they
will save the bill, which is an object of itself, and
they .will obtain an adjudication from the law
officer of the Government upon the question, as tq
what the legal rate of pay. was for these persons.
If it should be adverse to the claims of these per-
sons, still the law will be settled, and they will
liave nothing to say except that the law did not
give them the pay which they ought to have had;
and they can come in hereafter as claimants, not
upon the ground,of contract, but upon the ground
that the law did not do them justice. If it is
settled m their favor, then they will get just what
t.hey claim,and you will have the principle settled.
You will not have it settled upon the principle of
special legislation, but the pay. will be given to
them upon an adjudication of thelawsas they now
stand.
Mr. SUMNER. The last chapter of Rasselas
is entitled " a conclusion in which nothing is con-
cluded," and I think that title may be properly
given to the repoit of this committee. It surely
does not settle any of the questions which have
been in discussion here in this Senate relating to
the pay of coloied troops, and which have been
in discussion between the two Houses.
Mr. HOWE. I have just simply one favor to
ask of the Senator from Massachusetts, and that
is that he will leave the humor of this debate to
my friend here from California. Let him give us
the logic.
Mr. SUMNER. That I gladly'do.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope you will leave no
more of it to me; I have done with it.
Mr. SUMNER. However, the Senator will
allow me to observe very plainly that the report
does not seem to settle the question in issue. It
does settle the question with regard to two Mas-
sachusetts regiments, the fifty-fourth and fifty-
fifth Massachusetts regiments, and that is all. As
I said before when tins report was fust called up,
if, 1 were here merely to look after the interests of
my own constituents, I might rest satisfied; but
then1 a«e eei tainiy two i raiments (Mil is ted in £Souih
Oniolnm, and I have jeason Jo believe, also, four
regiments enlisted in L.ouisiuna, with regajd to
winch there has been a question in this Chamber,
and also in the other House, whose oases ate not
touched by this report except unfavoi ably; that
is, those Moments that have been claiming com-
pensation dining all this session get none under
litis report. Now,sn,i am unwilling to sanction
any such report. Much as 1 desire to have, the
case of the Massachusetts regiments settled, I do
not want to se^ them settled except in company
with those othei eases. They an; all lo a certain
extent on an equality, and they ought to be set-
tied at once hy the same, statute, or, if you please,
by the same report.
It seems to me, therefore, that we ought to cut
this question shoit by rejecting the report of the
committee, and then hy a ^te to insist upon the
Seriate amendments, and ask ioi another commit-
tee of confidence. The SomUn amendments, as
it -seems to me,are an ultimatum on ihisquestion.
I do nolseo how we can substantially departhom
them vvtiliout ag  oss and ei ynii{ injustice, i will
not use hui«jua<;« quite as strong as that of my
friend from California, but I must, say that I do
thwile this whole subject under the report of our
Inst committee has dwindled down to the little
eml of nothing.
Ah*. HOWIi. I desire to say to the Senator
fiom Massachusetts that this lepoit of the com-
mittee of confluence, as I understand K, does not
settle even the cases of the Massachusetts regi-
ments. We did not piopose to settle any cases.
We proposed to lefer tWl these cases. We did
not propose to pay any portion of the Army,
white or black, anything m addition to what the
law gives (hem. We proposed to pf.y them that.
Inasmuch as there is a dispute between different
authoiities as to what the law does give them,
win1!her one rate of pay or another, we propose
to refer that to the law officer of the Government
10 say u hat it givi s them. It the Senate aie will-
ing to make that lelerence t see no objection to
the adaption of this tepoit. If they ate not will-
ing to make that inference I think the Senate
ou^ht to reject the report.
It will be seen, therefore, that theclaims of the
Massachusetts regiments are to b^ settled as other
claims aie of the same class of troops. But I
wiah to tnalce tlus remark: if the report be re-
jected it will be very easy to have another com-
mittee of conference; but I think our experience
has demonstrated that if you insist upon a law
now putting all colored troops from the time of
their enlistment upon the footing and upon the
pay of white-soldiers, you ramrbt carry the bill
through both Ho.uses with that provision in it.
If you insist,'on the contrary, upon a pi^vision
paying only colored troops who have been prom-
ise4 a special rate of pay to the exclusion of those
of equal'value who have not been enlisted under
a special contract, you cannot carry that through
both Houses. I think our experience has dem-
onstrated that; and if I am right in these conclu-
sions it is for the Senate to say whether they will
accept the other alternative.
Mr. JOHNSON. The report of the committee
of conference really does settle nothing, and it is
not intended to settle anything except contin-
gently. The amendment of the Senate applied to
all persons of color who may have enlisted in the
military service of the United States, and provided
that all such persons should be paid the same
amount that is paid to the white soldicis. The
difficulty which has existed between the Govern-
ment here, and particularly the Governorof Mas-
sachusetts, has been, whether under the laws in
force, and the.only laws that are now in force,
there was any authority to enlist people of color.
The Governor of Massachusetts supposed, and
that view has been'taken by the Senators from that
State here, that under the acts of Congress under
which enlistments have taken place there was no
distinction drawn between persons on account of
color, and that all persons, therefore, who were
enlisted in the armies of the United States are en-
titled to be paid alike.
The Senate, in order to guard against the doubt
and to remove the difficulty which was the result
of a different interpietatum of the law in force
made by Massachusetts and made bv the Gov-
ernment, piovided that nil persons of color in the
military service of the United States shall be paid
alike, piovided theie was as between such persons
and the representatives of the United Slates en-
listing them an undeistanding that they wore to
be paid alike. So far as that limitation upon the
authority to leceive is concerned, the committee
of conference decide favornbly to these people of
color, because they provide thatin the absence of
any understanding between the person enlisting
and the officer enlisting him, he is to be paid the
same amount under the laws in force whether
those laws in force considered by themselves em-
brace pei sons of color or not. In that respect it
plac'es all persons of color who aie fiee and who
are now in the servicc of the United States upon
the same footing, making no difference between
those who have gone mto the service under any
special a^ieementand those who have come in
without any.agreement.
Hut the other limitation, which is not found in
the Senate amendment, is for the first time incor-
porated lit the amendment as proposed by the
committee of confeience; for while they provide
that poisons of color who have been enhstedshali
be eni 11 loci lo payment under the acts of Cong i ess
if the At torni y Genetal shall so decide, they limit
the right of persons of color to those who have
come into the semoe who were free at a particular
dale. The Attorney General is to decide, there-
fore, two questions, under the proposition of the
committee of conference: the fust is, which of those
persons of color wore free at the designated date;
and tin1 other is, whether persons of color are em-
braced at alh by the acts of Congress.
Mr. HOWE. Will theSenatorallowmetoin-
ten upt him for a moment''
Mr. JOHNSON. With pleasure.
Mi. HOWE. 1 think the Senator is mistaken
in s<iyin« that the Attorney General would have
jurisdiction over the first of those questions. The
proposition submitted hy the committee, I think,
gives jurisdiction over that to the Secretary of
Wdi*. The Attorney General is authorized to de-
cide what was the law regulating the pay of this
class of soldiers, not to determine who were or
who weic not free on the 19th day of April. That
is to be detonnined under i emulations to be pro-
vided by the Secretary of War.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator may be right,
that that particular question is not submitted to the
decision of the Attoi ney General. Then to whom
is it submitted ? Who is to decide it?
Mr. HOWE. I have just stated; it is to be de-
termined under regulations to be provided'by the
Secretary of War.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand, I was going to
say, it is to be decided by the Secretary of War,
and under regulations prescribed hy the Secretary
of War. Has the Senator thought for a moment
what questions will arise upon which the Secrc-
tary.of War is to decide conclusively the status of
those who may be entitled to be paid under the
acts of Congress, if the Attorney General shall
decide affirmatively in their favor the question
submitted to the Attorney General? Nobody is
to be paid except, those that were free at the des-
ignated date. Who were free at the designated
date ? Slavery existed inSouth Carolina, in Mary-
land, in Tennessee, in Kentucky, in Virginia.
The presumption in those States, the legal pre-
sumption in those States—whethe^it was a hu-
mane presumption, whether it originated in error
or not, is immaterial, it was the legal presumption
in point of fact—was that all persons of color were
presumed to be slaves.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me?
Mr. JOHNSON. With pleasure.
Mr. HOWE. I do not,speak for the commit-
tee of conference now but for myself when I say
that if such be the presumption of law in the
State of South Carolina, I submit to the Senate
and to the Senator such is not the presumption
of American law nor of the statutes of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. JOHNSON. With due deference to tha
honorable member, 1 should say he is mistaken
about that; but it is not necessary to dispute that.
About one thing I am sure there canbeno differ-
ence of opinion between my friend and myself,
and that is, that whether the slaves in South Car-
olina and Maryland, and the other States in
which siaves may have been enlisted, were free
or not at the designated period, will bring up for
the consideration of the Secretary of War, if he
is to decide it, the legal efficacy of the proclama-
tions of the President.
Mr. HOWE. They have been issued since
the date named.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know, but it relates back;
and then it will bring up for consideration this
question: does a slave who enlists into the ser-
vice of the United States become by virtue of
that enlistment a free man ? I have always held,
and have more than once so stated in the Senate,
tlrat the United States were under an obligation,
as between the slaves and themselves, to treat
him as a free man; that they should never per-
mit him to return to bondage after having used
him as a soldier; but whether he is free in point
of law by the mere fact of enlistment is a legal
question which may be*decided either way by
different persons. And the whole question, there-
fore, as it seems to me, is as the honorable mem-
ber said was the purpose of the committee in a
great measure left open. It does not settle the
Massachusetts question. The honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts seemed to think that the
decision provided for the Massachusetts regi-
ment. It is not so. He was correctly told by
the honorable member from Wisconsin speaking
for the committee of conference, or his under-
standing of the view of the committee of confer-
ence, that it decides no such thing. They will
be paid or they will not be paid, not because any
engagement was entered into between the soldier
and the officer of the Government, but as the
Attorney General may decide whether the acts
of Congress on the subject as they existed at the
time of the enlistment, and as they will exist now
unless they are changed, embraced soldiers of
color, li he decides that they do not, (and that
has been the decision of the Government up to
lIip present time,) then they get nothing. When
1 say it has been the decision of the Government,
I say it because of the fact that the Government
have refused to pay, and they have refused to pay
because the Government must have been of opin-
ion. that, whether with or without an understand-
ing, as the law stands existing there is no au-
tijouty to pay those soldiers as white soldiers
are paid.
1 do not know how the Senate is to accomplish
its put pose, clearly expiessed in Us amendment,
except by adhering to the amendment, and if the
body does adhere to the amendment it does not
provide for very many other cases in which there
