1876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
intercut anil taxes, the difference between the price at
which the property was bought and that ai which it was
sold will be the <um chargeable income.
When iinpiovements have been made their cost will he
eousideied as so much added to the sum invested in the
purchase.
The question in all such cases is what gains have been
realized by the transaction.
The same general piiuciple^ apply to gains nr profits de-
rived from the purchase and sale of nook5* and securities.
Yeiy respectfully, JOSEPH T. LEWIS,
Commissioner.
Hon. Piitui" Johnson, Easton, Pennsylvania.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. That letter
was in answer to one inquiring whether where
real estate bought twenty years ago, and having
advanced in price, was sold m 1863, the difference
between the price originally paid and lhat received
could he properly charged as income for the cur-
rent year; and, as the House will see, the Com-
missioner made a decision to that effect.
Mr. MORRILL, I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that the subject to which he
is calling the attention of the committee hud bet-
ter be considered in the next section.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. 1 have ex-
amined this subject, and 1 made up my mind that
the amendment ought to come m here. 1 am not
particular about it, however, and will withdiaw
the amendment for the present.
Mr. FRANK. I move to amend the one hun-
dred and fourteenth section by striking out in
lines ten, eleven, and twelve the words " a duty
of five percent, upon the amount of excess above
$600," and inserting, in lieu thereof, the follow-
ing:
A duty of five per ccnt. on the excess over $600; a duty
of seven and one half ol one per cent, per annum on the
excess over $1U,0U0,* and not exceeding $05,000; and a
duiv of ten pt'r cent, on the excess over ,^^00.
The Committee of Ways and Means have re-
ported a tax of five per cent, on all incomcs above
§600. This amendment increases the tax where
the income exceeds $10,000. I offer the amend-
ment because 1 think u is just, right, and proper
that those havingalarger amountof income shall
pay a larger amount of tax. i believe, with the
Secretary of the Treasury, that the larger tax
we pay at this time the safer we are and (he better
will be the securities of the Government. We
are all interested in increasing the amount of tax-
ation.
It will be said,and has been said by those who
are opposed to a change in this tax on incomes,
that a proposition of this kind ^unconstitutional,
because the Constitution says that taxation shall
be uniform throughout the United States. It
seems to me that that is no argument at all. It
is said further that it is wrong to have two sys-
tems of taxation, and that the tax on incomes
should be uniform. I do not see how any mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means, who
have reported this bill, can adduce such an argu-
ment as that. They have made discriminations
in several instances in this bill in the rates of tax-
ation. They impose no tax upon the retail dealer
who sells goods to an amount less than $1,000,
while the dealer who sells to an amount over
$1,000 must pay a license. On tailors and other
manufacturers for customers, less than $600 they
do not tax: over that they tax three per cent. In
this very bill and in this very section they ex-
clude ali under $£00, making a vast difference in
the matter. On advertisements in newspapers
less in amount than $1,000 there is no tax; above
that there is a tax. So on newspapers; on those
{ess than two thousand circulation there is no tax;
above that there is a tax. So in other places the
committee have made a discrimination. The gen-
tlemen, therefore, are answered out of their own
/nouths.
Mr. GANSQN. 1 would inquire of my col-
league whether the amendment is so drawn as to
put the additional tax upon the excess>
Mr. FRANK. H is intended to be so,
Mr. UANSON. I call the attention of my col-
league to the language so that he may secure that
object. If that be generally understood in the
House it will remove much of the opposition to
the amendment.
The amendment was again reported.
Mr. FRANK. I think that that is as plain as
language can make it.
Air, GANSON. i think that the object is se-
cured by li.e gentleman's amendment.
Mr. FRANK, I \vj!i explain.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. STEVENS. It seems to me that it is a
strmige way to punish men because they are rich.
I do not know but that there ought to be an in-
dictment against every man who ventures to go
above §600 income. If he goes above $10,000 the
duty should be increased from ten to twenty per
cent.; over$50,000thirty percent.; over$100,000
sixty per cent., and over $1,000,000 we should
take all. if any man dare go above a certain
amount, more than I am worth or any other mem-
ber, then we should take it ail.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania call it punishing the rich men to make
them pay their share of the burdens of taxation,
or does he think that the poor should pay the
taxes for the rich ?
Mr. STEVENS. The rich man pays five per
cent, upon aii of his income, upon his gams and
profits. The rich man pays according to his
wealth. J f he is made to increase the tax accord-
ing to his wealth, it is a punishment.
Mr. FRANK. Have not the Committee of
Ways and Means adopted the same principle ?
Mr. STEVEN'S. We have made no distinc-
tion between one man and another because one
is richer than another. That is right and just.
We do not object to that. If you tax a man who
receives $1,000,000income five per cent., you tax
him upon the same principle thatyou tax the man
who receives $10,000 of income. When you tax
him upon every §500 increase, you tax him upon
another principle. ltamourus,at last, to nothing
more than a punishment of the rich man because
he is rich.
Mr. GANSON. Let me ask the gentleman a
question, Is not the same principle m the exist-
ing law ' Is not the tax three per cent, up to
$10,000, and five per cent, beyond that?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not recollect. The com-
mittee weie of the opinion that the principle was
a vicious one. 1 think the principle of taxing a
man worth $20,000 more in proportion to his
wealth is an unjust one. 1 have no interest in it
myself. I have no reason to believe that it will
hurt mc; but I see no reason why a man should
be punished in this way because he is rich. If
he is worth over a million dollars we might as
well provide that the Government shall take the
surplus.
Mr. WILSON. I move nn amendment pro
forma. 1 do it lor the purpose of showing what
the present law upon this subject is. The old
law reads as follows:
u Sec. 90. be it fut titer enacted, That there shall be
levied, collected, and paid annually, upon the annual jjams,
profit, or income ot evuiv person residing in the United
States, whether deiived fiom any kind of pioperty, rents,
interest, dividend*, salaries, or liom any profession, untie,
employment, or vocation, carried on m the United States
or eKewhere. or lumi any other soniee whatever, except
as heicmafter mentioned, it such annual gains, profits, or
income exceed the sum ol £600 and do not exceed the sum
ot ."$10,000, a duty ot three p>-i cent, on the amount of such
annual gain*, piofits, or income over and above the said
sum ot $600; if said income exceeds the sum of $10,000
a duty ot tive per cent, upon the amount thereof exceeding
$600 ; and upon the annual yams, profits, or income, rents,
and dividend* aeerunm upon any pioperty, securities, and
stocks owned in the United States by any citizen of the
United States icsiding abioad, except as hciemaitcr men-
tioned, and not in the employment of the Government of
the United States, there shall be levied, collected, and paid
a duty of five per ccnt."
Now, 1 very well remember that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means were just as tenaciously
in favor of that section during the last Congress
as they now are in favor of the section which
they have now reported.
Mr. DAWES. The committee originally re-
ported a proposition precisely like that which the
gentleman from Maine has just offered. They
were going to punish the rich men then, but not
quite as badly.
Mr. WILSON. I think the committee have
been growing worse instead of better.
Mr. HOOPER. That bill was passed in the
House with a provision making the tax three per
cent. The additional tax svas put on in the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. The proposition reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means was almost
exactly like the one just offered by Uie gentleman
from New York.
Mr. PIKE. The House sent the bill to the
Senate with seven and a half per cent. tax.
Mr. WILbON. The bill sent to theSenate was
almost m th<> {nun of tlu> amendment ofi* red by
the gentleman from New York. The Committee
of Ways and Means has been getting woise. I
hope the amendment of the gentleman from New
York will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. No one doubts our constitu-
tional power to levy this tax, and the question is
one merely of policy in relation to revenue. Ex-
perience under the provisions of the old act on
this subject shows that people who are taxed un-
equally on their incomes regard themselves as
being unjustly treated, and seek all man nei of ways
and means to evade it. This inequality is in fact no
less than a confiscation of property, because one
man happens to have a little more money than
another. The Committee of Ways and M<ans,
in order to obtain the largest amount of rev< nue
from this source, concluded to recommend the
raising the entire income tax to five per cent. I
think that will be more satisfactory to the emm-
tiy than any other arrangement.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. GRINNELL. I renew it. 1 had dtawn
up an amendment which 1 desired to present {or
the action of thecommittee before theamendment
proposed by the gentleman from New Yoik. It
was to insert after the woid "dullais," in tin-
twelfth line, the following:
And not exceeding $5,000, and a duty of eight per cent,
upon anv sum above §5,000 and not exceeding $10,000, and
a duty ol ten per cent, upon any sum above £10,000.
The principle has been allowed as good law, as
a similar provision is contained in the present law;
but 1 am opposed to any discrimination, unless
there is something that looks like mVtuig out
justice to all parties who must pay this tax. If
you mean to say in the first place that $600 shall
be exempt because it embiaces a class who can
live within that sum, 1 think you should raise
this amount to $1,000 or more, because but very
few can live within §600 having the responsibility
of a family.
But I am in favor of increasing the tax on large
incomes. Why? Because it comes to my ear
in this House that a gentleman from one of our
cities acknowledges his annual income to be over
thirty thousand dollars, and it was his opinion
that twenty per cent, was not too high for him
to pay.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him whether he will concede that be-
cause he has six thousand sheep we may tax him
a higher rate than we do the man who has only
six hundred ?
► Mr. GRINNELL. I am making no allusion
or reference to sheep or anything else, nor is this
the place to notice the intimation. I am speaking
for justice in this regard. I say, that a man who
has an income of over ten thousand dollars should
be required to live out of that income m time of
war, and not be able to lay aside more than ninety
percent, of his income and to pay only ten percent,
of it to the Government, is only reasonable. They
do not contribute to the Government a propoi tion
anything like that paid by those who are worth a
less sum of money who have gone into our Army.
My proposition is that you shall increase the
maximum of the sum to be exempt above §600,
and then go to the Astors and Stewarts and other
rich men of the country and ask them if in the
midst of a war it is unreasonable to limit them, in
the sum to be laid away, to ninety per cent, of
their income. I submit if they aie patriots and
willing to share in the expenses of this wai they
will be willing to do it and be thankful for ninety
per cent. It is my proposition that all who have
an income exceeding $10,000 shall pay ten per
cent, of that income to the Government, and allow
them to lay away for their children ninety percent,
to waste or perhaps quarrel over. 1 could not in
justice to myselfand to our country advocate any-
thing else i n this time of high living for the masses;
and if gentlemen demand to sustain our credit
and prosecute the war with success, I could not
advocate anything else in justice to the middle
classes in this country, and I ask for a small claws
that if their incomes exceed $5,000 they shall pay
eight per cent., and if their incomes exceed #10,000
that they shall pay ten per cent. It is time that
extiava^ance in gewgaws, snobbishness in dis-
play, and that large ciass whose great caie to
safely compound their hundreds of thousands,
fiiion Id feel that there is v.ar and a demand winch
they have not yet felt on their purses and on their
