830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
as results' are concerned, one that adds, at the
best,nothing toourancient fame on the high seas.
In the war of 1812 the genius of the citizen who
presided over the Navy Department enabled o.ur
Navy to drive English ships and English com-
merce from the ocean. Inspired by his spirit
and energy, the gallant Perry, in a few months,
organized a Na.vy, hewed the trees of the northern
forests into ships, and swept from the great lakes of
.the North the gallant navy of Great Britain. Has
the present bead of the Navy Department, with
the tremendous resources at his command, sea-
men asgallantas their fathers,accomplished any-
thing in comparison with his predecessor? And
yet opportunity has not been wanting. And now,
with an expense running from $12,000,000 up to
$142,000,000 in four years, with the public enemy
withoutanavy or dock-yard or navy-yards, with
a few pirate ships our commerce is destroyed upon
the high seas; and, with the exception of a few
remarkable and honorable instances, the achieve-
ments of the Navy have accomplished nothing.
It has done nothing but blockade ports which the
rebels had no power or ships to open.
It seems to mo, therefore, to be proper to in-
quire whether these large sums of money could
not be applied by competent officers so as to se-
cure better results, that the Navy may rival your
gallant Army in itsachievements. But to do this,
eir, the chief who presides over the Navy must
be equal to the task of organizing with judgment
and ability great achievements.
Mr. PIKE withdrew his amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, he who reads American history
a few years hence will, if he be an American, be
justly ptoud of the achievements of our Navy
Department and Navy. They have performed,
sir, what the world at large pronounced an im-
possibility when it was undertaken—established
^nd maintained such a blockade as never before
was attempted in history, and maintained it with
a power tftat challenges comparison with the most
effective blockade that history records. Look at
the long line of coast under blockade. Look at
the host ofnrizes taken by our Navy, and at their
commercial value. Look at the number of the
finest steamers in the wot Id now in our Navy that
are prizes taken by the Navy. Sir, there is noth-
ing like it in history, in 1812 we were at war
with a great mmitime Power, and our vessels met
the enemy's upon the sea and vanquished them
wherever they met them. Buthowdifferent has
been the great duty of our Navy in this war! It
has been chiefly to maintain the blockade. Small
chance for honor has been afforded our gallant
seamen and officers, because our enemy is not a
maritime power, and has no naval force with
which to meet them. But, circumscribed as its
field is, the Navy has in this way achieved no
small .share of honor. The gentleman hails from
the Northwest,and I ask him what the Navy has
done near the mouth of the Mississippi, and up
its waters —what part the Navy has taken in open-
ing that great artery of western eonimeiee, the
Mississippi—what part the Navy took in restor-
ing New Orleans to the flag of our country?
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman asks a ques-
tion.
Mr. KELLEY. And the gentleman can an-
swer it in the next five minutes, but not now.
Sir, read British history, read the journals of
the day published during the late war and the
revolutionary war, and you will find that England
mourned over a list of merchantmen captured by
American privateers that shamed their navy and
brought it into temporary disfavor. Does not the
gentleman know thatPaul Jones and others com-
manding privateers ran into the very ports and
harbors of Great Britain? There never was, I
repeat, so extended a blockade as our Navy has
maintained. There never was such alacrity, skill,
and success exhibited by a navy in the capture of
prizes as has been manifested by our Navy dur-
ing this war. And what was its extent and con-
dition when the war began5 Why, it numbered
but seventy-six vessels, and of those twenty-nine
of the largest had been ordered by the preceding
Secretary of the Navy, IsaacToucey, to the yards
and the possession of the conspiring traitors.
There were but four vessels, and those the four
smallest in the Navy, at the immediate command
of the Department when Sumter was fired on.
Our largest and best vessels were dismantled or
laid up in ordinary in southern yards. The bal-
ance of our Navy was scattered upon the most
remote stations m the world, upon the African
coast, upon the Pacific coast, and other distant
stations. There were at the disposal of the
Government at that time but four small vessels,
manned by two hundred and fifty men, exclusive
of officers and marines, and carrying buttwenty-
fiveof the thirteen hundred and seventy-six guns
then afloat, and they were the nucleus around
which the Department has created a Navy of over
six hundred vessels, while establishingand main-
taining a blockade such as was never before even
contemplated, and changing the whole system of
naval warfare. We are ready now to put afloat
a gun whose projectiles will pierce the iron sides
of the most powerful vessels of the navies of either
Great "Britain or France. They can build nothing
that will withstand our 20-inch gun. By the action
of our Monitor near Fortress Monroe we revolu-
tionized the naval system of the world, and yet
we are to be told here upon the floor of the Amer-
ican Congress that we should blush for the doings
of our Navy.
Why is it, it is asked, that so many vessels
are laid up at rented wharves? It is because our
Navy was utterly incompatible with our national
character and the vast extent of our commerce.
It was that we had made no provision for main-
taining a Navy adequate to the maintenance of
the honor of the nation or the protection of its
commerce in case of war. Now is the time that
we should do it. Why are vessels laid up?
Why did not gentlemen on the other side give
us an early passage of the bill by which soldiers
could be transferred to the Navy? You were
told that there were vessels lying waiting for ser-
vice because the merf*could not be got to man
them, and yet you would not pass the bill by
which men could have been transferred from the
Army to the Navy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, HOLMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. ODELL. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania a ques-
tion ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. ODELL. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania whether the bill to which he refers met
with any opposition on this side? On the con-
trary, it was passed as soon as it was returned
from the Militaiy Committee.
Mr. KELLEY. I think that thefillibusteiing
which delayed general legislation came all from
that side.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I oppose the amendment.
I simply wish to say to the gentleman that the
achievements of our arms even on the great river
of the Northwest are attributable more to the
Army than to the Navy. Even so far as the gun-
boats are concerned, he must remember that the
enterprise of a gunboat fleet on the Mississippi
was inaugurated by the Army, and not by the
Navy, and it ia not &o very long since those gun-
boats were transferred from the Army to the Navy.
Their achievements were performed in a great
measure by men who left the ranks of the Army
and manned the gunboats, transports, and steam-
ers intended to run the rebel batteries on the Mis-
sissippi. Of the gallantry of these men, whether
in the Navy or from the Army, of the cool and
resolute courage of the citizen pilots, too much
cannot be said in commendation. Their courage
and constancy is the redeeming featuie,however
inefficient the management of the Department.
Of the skill and energy of officers in active ser-
vice, of the courage of their men, in the Navy as
well as the Army, the whole country is justly
proud, it-is not this of which I complain, but
of the genera! conduct of the Navy Department.
When the gentleman speaks of the large num-
ber of blockade tunners that have been captured,
he must recollect that the argument cuts both
ways. It shows the little apprehension that was
felt by blockade runners of being captured, and of
the number that flocked upon the coastto try the
venture. But when the gentleman refers to the
uninterrupted achievements of our Navy, why
does he not say something of that unfortunate
expedition set on foot with such lavish and ex-
traordinary expenditure to capture the hotbed and
cradle of southern treason, Charleston, in the de-
struction of which every loyal citizen feels so in- :
tense an interest? What did your great fleet of
iron-clads do there in presence of the rebel forli- |
fications and batteries established in front of1
Charleston ? What was accomplished there was
accomplished by yourgallantArmy, pressingfor-
ward under obstacles insurmountable. While
the nation was led to believe from tli£ boastful
manifestoes of the Navy Department that in the
course of a few days the invincible iron Navy was
to batter down that stronghold of treason, watch-
ing for it day after day, week after week, month
after month, the unwelcome fact came before the
country that so far as the naval 'expedition was
concerned it was a miserable failure, a tremen-
dous error of judgment on the part of Secretary
Welles, a wild and totally impracticable scheme.
If there is any blushing to be done it ought to
mantle the cheek of any one who defends a De-
partment which has shown itselfso unworthy the
prowess, skill, courage, genius, and lavish ex-
pendituies of the American people, or defends the
President of the United States for having, in defi-
ance of the publicjudgment,keptthathigh official
in a position so beyond the scope of his ability.
That is the cause for blushing on the part of the
Representatives of a free people, in a Congress
emanating from the people ,m aGovernment where
the public voice ought to be heard and the public
judgment respected.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY withdrew his amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I renew it. I did
not design, Mr. Chairman, to participate in this
debate. I do it now with great reluctance, for I
cannot say anything without hurling somebody.
And yet the remarks of the gentleman who has
just taken his seat [Mr. Holman] do not permit
me to remain silent. He says that the blush
should mantle on the cheek of everybody in con-
nection with the attack of the Navy on Charleston.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman will
not misapprehend me. I said that the blush should
kindle on the cheek of an American citizen in
seeing still maintained in his position a person
at the head of the Navy Department against the
common judgment of the entire country.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I shall not differ
with the gentleman in that judgment. It was be-
cause I knew I should have to say something that
I had rather not say that 1 did not wish to speak
upon this bill. But when the gentleman spoke of
the attack upon Charleston as a miserable failure,
I have to say that the charge of Balaldava was not
more brilliant nor more insane. It was not a naval
expedition undertaken on the judgment of naval
officers, or advised by the officer in command
charged with its execution. It was devised in
the Department without consulting the officer who
was charged with its execution, who was always
ready to obey every order, however in conflict
with his experienced judgment. No, sir, if there
be shame and humiliation in connection with the
attack upon Charleston, it is because the Depart-
ment thought a cotton-spinner was better than an
admiral to plan the execution, and weigh and ad-
just the relative powers of attack and defense.
They ought to have remembered that the ablest
officer of the Navy thought that no amount of
heroism, no amount of impenetrability of iron-
clads, no amount of daring on the part of our
fleet off Charleston would enable thirty guns on
iron-clads on one side to silence three hundred
guns in fortifications upon the other, but that in
order to make a successful attack upon Chailes-
ton it must be a combined attack by a land and
naval force.
But the admiral in command of the fleet, though
he was not consulted as to the plan of attack,and
although the result accorded with his experience
and judgment, when the order came, made the at-
tack; and in forty minutes one half his force was
disabled. He withdrew, meaning to renew the
attack the next morning; but upon the reports of
his captains unanimously concurring that a re-
sumption of it must end in disaster, the attack
was not renewed. The Navy Department was
informed of that fact, but he was met with slurs
and insults, to which the published correspond-
ence and the Secretary's report bear testimony;
and at last he was relieved under false pretenses:
a better man might take his place and execute
the plan in which he had failed.
Months have passed of enormous waste of gun-
powder, and Chaileston remains in the hands of
the enemy stili. Sumter, whose battery at the time
of Admiral Du Pont's attack was unbroken, is now
a heap of rums, and yet the Navy is no nearer
Charleston. The result would have been differ-
