1878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
made be deducted from the income of the year in which
they are ascertained.
I desire to have the letter read this morning
from the Commissioner of Internal Revenue again
read.
The Clerk asram read the letter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I now send
up a letter I have received from one of my con-
stituents, and ask to have it read. I think it is a
complete answer to the argument of the Commis-
sioner.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
easton, april 20, 1861.
Dear 8in: I do not want to occupy too much of your
time in setting opinions or decisions on the income tax
law. m} susceptible of great differences of opinion even by
the frtmvrs of it.
Let mv cite a case pro and con., divested of all superfluous
or intricate matiei.
Supposing in 1S44 a person bought one hundred shares
of Ea-ton bank stock at forty dollar" per share, and t old
them, lor instance, to-day at eighty-five dollars, leaving a
profit ol foi tv-five do! bus per share, is the $4,300 profit sub-
ject lo income tax ? Ami supposing in 1844.i person bought
two hundred .-hares of Packer Vein Coal Company's -lock
at toity dollai- per .-haie, and it sells, as it did a few days
ago, at three cents i-ti share, is the loss ot $8,000 to be de-
ducted from the amount subject to income tax ? J contend
that in the fust pi.ice the law was never intended to be in-
definitely retrospective in its operations, and, admitting
that it wa-,it mu-t be equally so to the reduction of losses
a.-, t.he addition of profits. It appears to me that Uie inten-
tion of tile law \va«- to tat ail income derived trom buying
and selling of ftom, *av the 3lst day of December, 1863, to
the l-t ol Januan , lfcflo, and w.b not intended to act re-
trospectively. on eituei Qgpfit.- fir losses. I! the law admits
the bringing up ol lo--ej> a> an offset to profit, I have two
old ledger that would almost move the advocate- ol the
bankrupt law ot 1^37 to tear- if they poetess any of the milk
of human kiminev, which is doubtful.
1 rcmatn your-1, respectfully,     .
Hon. I'. Johnson*.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. FARN&WORTH. I move to amend by
sinking ouifiotri the word "also," in the eighth
line of the section, to and including the word
" Congress}," in the eleventh line, as follows:
Also the salary or pay iccetved as an officer in the civil,
mihtmy, naval, or other seivtce of the United States, m
eluding Senator, Representatives, and Delegates m Con-
gress.
The members of the committee will observe
by the context, in what piecedes the words I
have proposed to strike out, that in assessing this
income tax thesuhuies of members of Congiess
and of mihtaiy and naval officers are not to be
taken into con&adenition. The clause immedi-
ately preceding is us follows:
That in estimating the annual gains, profits,or income of
any peison. ail other national, State, and innuicip.il taxes
lawfully a-.-essed within the year upon the piopeity or
other source.-ol income of any person, a>afoie-«ud, hoin
which said annual gain--, piofit^, or income has been de-
rived, shall be deducted trom the gains, profits-, or income
ol the pet>ou who has actually paid the same, whether
owner, tenant, ormoitgager.
Now, sir, I think these salaries ought not to
be exempt.
Mr. WILSON. If the gentleman strikes that
out metnbeis will be taxed twice. The bill pro-
vides for withholding the tax when the Senator,
Member, or Delegate is paid.
Mr. PARXSWORTH. I ask that members
of Congress shall be placed upon the same foot-
ing as all oihei men.
Mr. MORRILL. They are so placed now. I
refer the gentleman to the language of the bill.
Mr. FARiNJSW0R'F11. I have looked at the
language of the bill, and that does not do it, Jf
the aigument is that this bill does not repeal the
old law, then [ say that it leaves members of Con-
gress subject to three per cent, tax instead of five
per cent. What 1 desire is that by the terms of
this bill members of Congress shall be placed upon
the same footing; as other men.
Mr. MORRILL. i call the gentleman 's at-
tention to tiie following:
Sec. 12-3. And he itjuither enacted, That there shall be
levied, collected, and paid on all -alanesof officers,or pay-
ment to petr-on- in the civil, military, naval, or othet em
ploymenf oi -service of the United State-,, including Sen-
ators and Kepi c-t ntative- and Delegate.- m Congre&s-°\vhen
exceeding tue late o* ^GOU pei annum, a duty°<>{ five per
cent, on tfie exi;-^- above the --aid $0(i0; and it shall be the
duty of all pawna-tei- and all disbursing officers underthe
Government or the United States, oi in the employ thereof,
win n makiny an y p.:\ meet- to offieet- and p"i-ons a^ afore-
said, or upon si tiling and adju-tiiig t!)e accounts, of -ueh
officer- and p< ison- :o deduct and wuhhold the aforesaid
duly oi tiv'c [i"i c> in., and sua'', <'t fie- _;ne tune, make a
certificate -tit.nu tne ,s.une of iii<j ofin't  or pej^m irom
Whoiu such deduction \va- made, and the amount ttieieof,
which html! be ♦rauHmtted to th" affile of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, and entered a? part of the in-
ternal duties; and the pay-roll, receipts, or account of
officers or persons paying such duty as aforesaid, shall lie
made to exhibit the fact ot such payment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not sec that sec-
tion, and 1 withdraw my amendment,
Mr. KASSON. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to reserve, for the purpose of con-
sidering it more carefully, a provision in refer-
ence to the division of incomes among members
of families, providing that only one deduction
shall be'made in the same family. It needs care-
ful revision, and I ask to have the privilege to
submit it hereafter.
There was no objection,and consentwasgranted
accordingly.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the words
"or railroad companies." This section author-
izes the exemption of shares of raihoad compa-
nies. A former section authorized railroad com-
panies to transfer taxes paid by them.
Mr. MORRILL. These are the dividends on
which the tax is paid to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. It is thought better that the
Government should collect this in a lump rather
than it should be distributed.
Mr. ALLISON. If I understand the previous
section in relation to railroad companies, they are
authorized to transfer to passengers and those for
whom they transport freight the taxes imposed
upon them.
Mr. MORRILL. That is a different thing.
That is in relation to the business of railroad
companies. We propose to tax railroad compa-
nies not only upon their business but upon their
annual profits or dividends.
Mr. ALLISON. With that explanation I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to insert after the word
" deducted" the words " in addition to |600;'J so
that it w II read:
Slc. 115. And be it fui ther enacted. That in estimating
the annual  ams, profit-, oi income of any pei-on, all other
national. Stite. and municip.il taxes lawfully a-.ses.-ed
within fhe yeai upon the piope'fy or other sourccs of in-
come oi any pei-on, a- atoie.-aul, iioni which said annual
gain--, piolit-, or income has been derived, shall be de-
ducted, m addition to .^600, from the gains, profits, or in-
come oi the peison who has actually paid the -ame,whether
ownei, tenant, or mui tgager ; 8te.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to strike out the word
" or " and insert after the woid " railroad " the
words " canal, turnpike, or canal navigation," so
that :t will read:
And there also shall be deducted the income derived fiom
dividend-* on shares m the capital -tock ot any bank, trust
company, savings in>tittuion, insuianee, jaihoad, canal,
turnpike, or eanai navigation company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Cleik read, as follows:
And the inteiest on any bond5- or other evidences of in-
debtedness of any laiiroad company .winch shall be assessed
and paid by said banks, ti ust t ompanies, savings institu-
tions, insurance and raihoad companies, as hereinbefore
provided.
Mr. HOOPER. I move the same amendment,
to come in before the word "companies."
The amendment wns agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 116. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be the
duty of all persons ol lawful age, and all guardians and
tiu-tee-., win ther such tru-tees aie so by virtue of their
office as executors, administrator, or in other fiduciary
capacity, to make a hstor leturu under oath oraffirmution,
in such loim and manner a-may be piesci lbed by the Com-
missioner ol internal Revenue, to the a-si-tantassossor of
the distiu t m \\ Inch he resides, ot the amount of his or her
income, or the income ot such minois oi peisons as may
be held in tiu.-tas ai0iCsaid,aee0iding to theiequncments
hereinbefore mentioned, stating the soutccs from which
said income is> derived, whether itom any kind ot property,
or the purchase and sale of pioperty, lents, interest, divi-
dends, salanej., or fiom an) piotession, trade, employment
or \oeation or otherwise; and in ca-e of neglect or re-
fusal to make such return, the a-s-ie—.01 or assistant assessor
shall a-M-e-s the amount of his oi her income, and pioeeed
thereafter to collect the duty thereon in the same manner
as is provided foi in other ca--e-> ol neglect and refusal to
lurnish li-ts or returns in the general provisions of this
act, where not otherw&e incompatible, and the a-si.-tant
assessor may mciea-e the amount of the li<t or return, or
ol any paity making such leturn, if he shall be satisfied
that the same is understated; &c.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert before the
Word '• proceed " the words " the collector shall;"
and to strike out the words " to collect the duty
thereon."
The amendment wus agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Piotidcd, That any party,m his or her own behalf, oras
guardian or trustee, as atoiesaid, shall be permitted to de-
clare, under oath or affirmation, the fonn and manner of
which shall be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue.that he orshewas not po-.ses-.ed ot an income of
$b00, liable to be assessed according to the provisions of
this act, or may declare that he or she has been a--essed
elsewhere in the same year for ail income duty, under au-
thority of the United States, and -hall thereupon be exempt
from income duty in said distuci; &c.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after the
words "same year for" the words "and has
paid."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Or, if the list or return of any paity shall have been in-
creased by fhe as-i.-tanf a-sessor, in manner a« afoiesaid,
sucliparty may be permitted to declare, undei oath oi anim-
ation, the amountof annual income, or the amount held in
trust, as atoiesaid, liable to be assessed, a- afon aaid ; .ind
the same, so declaied,shall be received as true, and as the
sum upon which duties aie to be assessed and collected,
except that fhe deductions claimed in such cases shall not
be made or allowed ; &e.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert before the
words "as true" the words "by such assistant
assessor."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk lead, as follows :
Sec. 117. .And be it further enacted, That the duties on
income-herein impo-ed shall be levied on the i.-t day of
May, and be due and payable on or hefoie the 30th day of
June, m each year, until and ineludiiii: the >ear 1S7U, and
no longer; and to any sum or -aims annually due and un-
paid for tinny days alter the 30th of Juue,a& aforesaid, and
for ten days atter demand thereof by the eoilcL-toi, there
shall he levied in addition thereto the sum of five per cent,
on the amountof duties unpaid, as a penalty, except iiom
the estate- of deceased ami insolvent peisons; ant! if any
person liable to pay such duty shall neglect or retu.-e to pay
the same, alter such demand, the amount due slntll be a
hen m tavoi of the United States fiom the time it was so
due uuul paid, with the interest, penalties, and eo-ts that
may necine in addition thetelo, upon all the pioperiy, and
rights to piopeity, stock-, secuntie-, and debt-ot'eveiy
d< sen prion, hom which the gairts, profits, and income upon
which said'duty is asse-sed'or levied shall have aeeiued;
and m default of the payment of said duly afore-,nd,-aid
lien may be enfoiced by distraint upon such piopeitv,
rights to propei ty, -toeks,seeulines, and evidencosot debt,
by whomsoever hoi den ; and foi this put po-e the collector,
atter demands duly given, as afore-aid, -shall isf-ue a war-
rant in form and manner to be piescnhed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, under the dhections ol the
Secietary ot the Trea-uiy, and by vntue of such wan.mt
there may be levied on such pioperty, iight- to piopeity,
stocks, cecutitie-, and evidences of debt, a furthei -um. to
he lived and stated ni such warrant, over and above the
said annual duty, interest, ami penalty |<>r mm pay im at,
sufficient for the lees and expenses of such levy. And m
all cases of sale, as afoiesaid, the ceitificate or -itch sale
by the collectoi shall vest m the pure ha-er all tight, title,
and interest of such delinquent m and lo stien piopeity,
whethei the propeny be real oi peisonai; and wheie the
subject of sale shall be -toeks, the certificate ot .-aid sale
t-hall be lawful authonty and notice to the piopei coipoia-
tion, company, oi association, to lecoidthe same on the
books or iccords, in the same manner as it trau-ieiud or
assigned by the person or paity holding the -ame, to issue
new ceinfi^ate-of stock therefor in lieu ol any on^inai
or prior ceitificate-, which shall be void whether canceled
or not; and said ceitificates ot sale of the collector, where,
the subject of sale shall he seemities or othei e\ ulenecs of
debt, shall be good and valid receipts to the pei«,on hold-
ing the same, as against any person holding, oi claiinin  to
hold, possession ot such secunues or other evidences" of
debt.
Mr- MORRILL. I move to stuke out die
words "and rights to property, stocks, securi-
ties, and debts of every description, ftom which
the gaitis, profits, and income upon which said
duty is assessed or levied shall have accrued;"
and in lieu thereof to inseit "belonging to such
peisons."
The amendment was agreed to.
Section one hundred and eighteen was read, as
follows:
And be it further enacted, That there shall be levied and
collected a duty of five pur cent, on all dividend- in senp
or money theieattei declared due, and whenevet the same
shall be payable, to stockholder.-, poiicy-hoidei-.. or de-
po-itois, <i- pan of the earning-, income, or gains o! any
hank, trust company, saving- in-tttution, and or any lire,
maiine, lite, inland, -toeK, oi mutual jn-urnnee comp my ,
under whatever name or style known or called, in the Uni-
ted States oi Terntories, whether specially lneoipoi.ited or
exi-tmg umlei geneial law-, andon all undistiibuted-utu-,
or sums made or added dunng the ye.ti to iheir ,uiplu- or
contingent iund- ; and said banks, tru-t companies, -avnigs
institutions, and insurance companies, shall pay the said
duty, and ar  hereby authoiizeu to dt<luct and* \Mthhold
Iiom ,tll payments made on account of any dividend-, or
sums of immey that may he due ami payable a- alore-aid,
the said duiv of rive per cent. And a list or return -hall be
made and tendcied, and the amount <>5 the dutv -hall un
paid, to the collector of the di-nict within t!uii\ d r\- alter
tin' turn when a:iy dividend.- oi -aims ol im.-u"\ he< nine due
or payable a.- a;r>i«said; and said list or i"ti.iu -nail con-
tun a true and laithlul account of the amount oi duties as
