2854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
arid fifty-fifth, the South Carolina first, and the
Louisiana regiments shall be paid thirteen dollars
a month.
Mr. FESSENDEN/ Do not insist upon it on
every appropriation bill.
Mr. WILSON. 1 willinsistupon itat&U times
and on all occasions and wherever I can, for I
say a great wrong has been done these men. Af-
ter the correspondence that I had had witl\ the
officers, knowing the feeling among the men, when
the Senate passed the bill giving them the back
pay, I sent word to the men, anil my letter was read
in the regiments and understood by the men that
we had.passed in the Senate a bill that would be-
come a law which would give them their full pay
of thirteen dollars a month which they had been
promised. Now, if I did not believe that the At-
torney General would decide promptly that they
were entitled to that pay, I should vote against
this proposition to the last; but I am wiihng to
trust him, and I hope that his decision will be
made immediately; and that if it shall be against
these troops, we can before the adjournment of
Congress pass a special act doing justice to the
men who were enlisted under the pledge that
they should have full pay. 1 shall therefore run
the lis.k of it for the reason that the bill as it'now
stands settles the question of equality from the
1st of January last, and in the next place it set-
tles the question of bounty to coloied men who
are liable to be drafted in the loyal States, and it
puts their matter m the control of the Attorney
Geneia!, whose opinion, 1 think, cannot be any-
thing else than that these men have the right which
tlx y claim.
Mr. HENDERSON. In July, 1862, Congress
passed an act enabling the President to receive
into the noi vice negroes. Previous to that time,
I believe they were not received into the scrvice
al all; inn Congress passed an act on the 17th of
July, 1863, the twelfth section of which'reads as
follows:
" Thai the Preridcntbe an A he Uauthorlzed to receive Into
the servjee m the Umted JSwtes, lor the pmpose of eon-
►tructing intrencunjeiiH, or performing camp service, or
aiiy "Uicr labor, or any military or n.ival service i'or which
they may he (otui'l eouipi'tun!,persons ot Afuean descent;
and ■ uelt per-mii-hhall be enrolled nnd organized undei such
regulations, i*ot Incoii^iunt with the Constitution and
law?-, an the President may preacube."
Under that provision I understand that the
Pu'sidentdtd receive into the service not only free
negroes but slaves. When the Army appropria-
tion bill wus before the Senate, in order that we
might get a proper understanding of it, the Senate
adopted aprovision of tins character, that al! per-
sona of color, not all free peisona ofcolor, because
that would not include the regiments which Mas-
sachusetts had enlmied in the southern States,
but " lhat all persons of color who have beenen-
liMted and mustered into the service of the United
States, frdmll be entitled to receive the pay and
clothing allowed by law to other volunteers in the
service, from the date of theif muster into scrvice;
provided, that the same shall have been pledged
or piomised to them by any officer or person,
who, jn making such pledge or promise, acted
by authority, of the War Department; and the
Secietary of War is hereby authorizad to determ-
ine any question of fact arising under this pro-
vision."
Why was that provision put upon this bill?
As the Senator from Maine very properly re-
marked, the provision ought never to have been
put upon the bill. What was the object of it?
it was simply to pay some two or three regiments
of troops that had been enlisted into the service
tit the instance of Governor Andrew, of Massa-
chusetts, and which I understand were received
as Massachusetts troops. It did not include the
slaves from my State that went into Kansas and
enlisted. Those slaves went there in 3861. The
Senator from Kansas spoke of them a little while
ago. They went from Missouri and enlisted into
the service, and have been in the service from
that day to this. Under that provision they could
not be paid. They were as much entitled to pay-
ment as the negroes enlisted by the Massachusetts
Governor. They were runaway slaves from our
State, enlisted in Kansas; but notwithstanding
they had run away they were just as much enti-
tled to pay as those slaves that were enlisted at
Port Royal. No discrimination ought to have
been made, but the discrimination was made.
Who had the authority to make any such pledge
or promise as this ? The President had no author-
ity to receive these troops except under the law.
What was it? When you turn to the law of
1862 you will find this provision:
"All persons who have been or shall be hereafter enrolled
in the service of the United States under this act shall re-
ceive the pay and rations now allowed by law to soldiers
according to their respective grades: Provided, That per-
sons of African descent who under this law shall be em-
ployed shall receive ten dollars per month and one ration,
three dollars of which monthly pay maybe in clothing."
ThePresident had no authority to receive them
except under that law, and I care not who may
have made the pledge at Port Royal or elsewhere
that they were to receive thirteen dollars a month,
1 say no officer had authority to do it. But we
permitted this amendment to go through on the
bill; w.e permitted it to be adopted here merely
because it was desired by the Massachusetts Sen-
ators, and I myself made no opposition to it, al-
though I regarded it as unjust at the time.
But, sir, when we sent this bill to the House of
Representatives providing for the pay of the Mas-
sachusetts regiments, what did the House do?
There were some gentlemen from Pennsylvania
and other States that said, "The provision as it
comes to us from the Senate only allows payment
to the Massachusetts woldiers, and we object to
that; we intend now that the free negroes who
were enlisted in the States of Pennsylvania and
New York and other northern States shall be paid
also according to the provision adopted in the
Senate" 
Mr. WADE. I ask the gentleman if he will
not give way to a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not going to take
up the time of the Senate. 1 merely wish to state
(he case as I understand it,and I will^get through
in five minutes. The House of Representatives
adopted this provision :
"That all free persons of color who have been or may
be mustered into the military service of the United States,
shall from the date of theircnlistment leceivethe samu uni-
form, clothing, ni ins, equipment, camp equipngc, rations,
&e., and honnry, a-j othn soldiers of the regular or volun-
teei forces of the United States of like arm of theservice."
When the provision was thus amended the free
negroes of the northern States, those enlisted in
Iowa, those enlisted in Kansas, were put upon
the same footing exactly with the negroes enlisted
by the Governor of Massachusetts. Xhat was
altogether proper; but what, effect does it have?
When this provision is adopted, it excludes, of
course, all the slaves that were enlisted, and leaves
the slaves to the pay of the law of 1*362, which
was ten dollars a month.
The committee of conference have adopted a
different provision from either. They say that
" all persons of color who were free on the 19th
of April, J861, and who have been enlisted and
musteied inLo the military service of the United
States, shall'from the time of their enlistment be
entitled to receive the pay, bounty, and clothing
allowed to such persons by the laws existing at
(he time of their enlistment; and the Attorney
General is authonzed to determine any question
aiising under this provision; and if the Attorney
General shall determine that any of such enlisted
persons aie entitled to receive any pay, bounty,
or clothing in addition to what they have already
received, the Secretary of War shall make all
necessary regulations to enable the pay depart-
ment to make payment in accordancc with such
determination.
This is dodgingboth the provision of the House
and the Senate, and leaving the whole matter to
the Attorney General. If the Attorney General
decides that any of the persons of color who were
free on the 19th of April, 1861, shall be entitled
to the same pay allowed to white persons who
are enlisted, the Secretary of War must make ar-
rangement to pay them; otherwise they will not
be entitled to pay, except the ten dollars a month
which we understood at the time they would be
entitled to under the law.
Now, so far as I am concerned, I desire to pay
each and every negro m the Army, whether he
was a slave or a free negro., the very same amount.
We had a law, and these negroes were enlisted
under the law. We had a law paying them ten
dollars a month. It was distinctly understood
that if a negro was enlisted he was to reccive ten
dollars a month. Now the proposition is brought
up here to allow them more than that. Why shall
we do it ? I do not desire that we shall allow any
mora. I am willing in the future to allow them
the same pay as white soldiers; but for the past
1 am unwilling to do it, and I go back to the ori-
ginal principle and oppose all propositions what-
ever-that will pay them one dollar more than they
were entitled to*at the time. Is the condition of
our Treasury such that we can afford to go back
and pay more money to the white soldiers t We
have recently raised their pay to sixteen dollars
a month. Are we able to go back and pay them
sixteen dollars'a month ever since they entered
the service? It is equally just to do so, and we
ought to do so if we pass a measure of this char-
acter. If we go back and pay to these negroes,
whether slave or free, an amount of money that
we did not contemplate at the time, it will be an
immense drain upon the Treasury.
Now, let me say in reference to the slaves in
my State, they do not expect any such pay, they
do not ask it, and they understood perfectly what
their pay was to be at the time they went into
the service; and I apprehend that those negroes
who were enlisted for Massachusetts understood
perfectly well at the time what they were to re-
ceive. I am unwilling to say that because A,B,
or C, who enlisted slaves, made a false promise,
one not justified by the, laws of the land, we shall
go back and allow them a pay not justified by
the law. It is perfectly unjust to ourselves, it is
unjust to the Treasury in our present condition
to do it.
I have as much sympathy for the negro sol-
diers as have manyotherSenators,and Isay now
as a matter of justice that if the free negroes of
this country are to be paid thirteen dollars a
month, the slaves of my State ought to be paid
the thirteen dollars a month. But what is this
proposition? It does not come up to that; it does
not cover their^case, as has been justly remarked
by the Senator from Kansas. I therefore come
back to the justice of the thing, which ia to pay
the negroes, slave or free when they entered the
service, the amount allowed by the law as it then
stood; and as to the future I am willing to join
Senators in saying their pay shall be the same as
that of white soldiers. We have already made
that provision for the future; but I am unwilling
to go behind this date and pay them more than
they agreed to receive at the time they enlisted.
I do not think it is just.
Mr. WILSON. The interpretation put by the
chairman of the Finance Committee on this report
is such that I am willing to take it; but if the doc-
trine maintained by the Senator from Maryland
and by my colleague as to what is referred to the
Attorney General be correct, of course I cannot
take it, and I understood the explanation of the
Senator from Wisconsin to concur with them. If
the case of all the troops, slave and free, those
from South Carolina and Louisiana as well as
those from Massachusetts, was to be referred to
the Attorney General, I was willing to accept that
arrangement, because then if the Attorney Gen-
eral should decide improperly we could correct
the error by legislation at this session. But it is
said by my colleague and by the Senator-from
Maryland that that is not the proper interpreta-
tion: lawyers disagree in regard to it. I am
therefore in some doubt as to what I should do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I have to say is that
if the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs is willing to lose the Army appropriation bill
on a matter of this sort, because he cannot have
inexactly his own way, be it so; he must take
his own course about it.
Mr. COWAN. I think the reportof the com-
mittee of conference will settle the question quite
as effectually as if we were to debate it till the
4th of July.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 10, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in order
to be the call of committees for reports of a private
nature.
KNOX VS. BLAIR.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
