1864.]!
APPENDIX TQ THE CONGEESSIONAL :GLOBE.
251
Laws of the United State®.
38th Cong. ... Sbss.
lands to the several States and Territories which
may provide colleges for the benefit of agricul-
ture and the mechanic arts," approved July sec-
ond, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and notice
thereof given at the proper land office.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the time
for designating the general route of said raidroad,
and of filing the map of the same, and the time
for the completion of that part of the railroads
required by the te.rms of said act of each com-
pany, bg, and the same is hereby, extended one
year from the time in said act designated; and
that the Central Pacific Railroad Company of
California shall be required to complete twenty-
five miles of their said road in each year thereafter,
and the whole to the State line within four years,
and that only one half of the .compensation for
services rendered for the Government 'oy said
companies shall be.required to be applied to the
payment of the bonds issued by the Government
in aid of; the construction of said roads.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
viso to'section four of said act is hereby modified
ns follows, viz: And the President of the United
States is hereby authorized, at any time after the
passage of this act, to appoint for each and every
of said roads three commissioners, as provided
for m the act to which this is amendatory; and
the verified statement of the president of the Cal-
ifornia company, required by said section four,
shall be filed in the office of the United Slates
surveyor general for the State of California, in-
stead of being presented to the President of the
United States; and the said surveyor general shall
thereupon notify the said commissioners of the
filing of such statement, and the said commis-
sioners shall thereupon proceed to examine the
portion of said railroad and telegraph line so
completed, and make their report thereon to the
President of the United States, as provided by
the act of which this is amendatory. And such
statement may be filed, and such railroad and
telegraph Line be examined and reported on, by
the said commissioners, and the requisite amount
of bonds may be issued and the lands appertain-
ing thereto may be set apart, located, entered,
and patented, as provided in this act and the act
to which this is amendatory, upon the construc-
tion by said railroad company of'California of any
portion of not less than twenty consecutive miles
of their said railroad and telegraph line, upon the
certificate of said commissioners that such por-
tion is completed as required by the act to which
this is amendatory. And section ten of the act
of which this is amendatory is hereby amended
by inserting after the words "United States,"
in the last ^clause, the words "and States inter-
vening. "
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That so much
of section seventeen of said act as provides for a
reservation by the Government of a portion of
the bonds to be issued to aid in the construction
of the saijl railroads is hereby repealed. And
the failure of any one company to comply fully
with the conditions and requirements of this act,
and the act to which this is amendatory, shall
not work a. forfeiture of the rights, privileges, or
franchise of any other company or companies
that shall have complied with the same.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That for the
purpose of facilitating the work on said railroad,
and of enabling the said company as early as
practicable to commence the grading of said rail-
road in the region of the mountains,.between the
eastern base of the Rocky mountains and the
western base of the Sierra Nevada mountains, so
that the same may be finally completed within
the time required by law, it is hereby provided
that whenever the chief engineer of the said com-
pany, and seid commissioners, shall certify that
a certain proportion of the work required re-
quired to prepare the road for the superstructure
on any such section of twenty miles is done,
(which said certificate shall ,be duly verified,) the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and required, upou the delivery of such- certifi-
cate, to issue to said company a proportion of
said bonds,notexceedmgtwo thirdsoftheamount
of bonds authorized to be issued under the pro-
visions of the act, to aid in the construction of
such section of twenty miley, nor in any case ex-
ceeding two thirds of the value of the work done,
the remaining one third to remain until the said
section is fully completed and certified by the
commissioners appointed by the President, ac-
cording to the terms and provisions of the said
act; and no such bonds shall issue to. the Union
Pacific Railroad Company for work done west of
SaltLake City under this section,,more than three
hundred miles in advance of the completed con-
tinuous line of said railroad from the point of
beginning on the one hundredth meridian oflon-
gitude. -)
Sec. 9. And be it farther enactedy That to en-
able any one of said corporations to make con-
venient and necessary connections with other
roads, it is hereby authorized to establish and
maintain all necessary ferries upon and across
the Missouri river and other rivers which its
road may pass in its course; and authority is
hereby given said corporation to construct bridges
over said Missouri river, and all other rivers, for
the convenience of said road: Provided, That any
bridge or bridges it may construct over the Mis-
souri river, or any other navigable river oi) the
line of said road, shall be constructed with„sviit-
able and proper draws for the passage of steam-
boats, and shall be built, kept, and maintained,
at the expense of said company in such manner
as not to impair the usefulness of said rivers for
navigation to any greater extent than such struc-
tures of the most approved character necessarily
do: And provided further, That any company au-
thorized by this act to construct its road and tel-
egraph line from the Missouri river to the initial
point aforesaid, may construct its road and tele-
graph line so as to connect with the UnionPacific
railroad at any point westwardly of such initial
point, in case such company shall deem such
westward connection more practicable or desira-
ble; and in aid of the construction of so much of
its road and telegraph line as shall beadeparture
from the route hereinbefore provided for its road,
such company shall be entitled to all the benefits,
and be subject to all the conditions and restric-
tions of this act: Provided further, however. That
the bonds of the United States shall not be issued
to such company for a greater amount than is
hereinbefore provided, if the same had united
with the Union Pacific railroad on the 100th der
gree of longitude; nor shall such company be en-
titled to receive any greater amount of alternate
sections of public lands than are also herein pro-
vided.
Sec. 10. And be. it further enacted, That section
five of said act be so modified and amended that
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, and any other
company authorized to participate in the construc-
tion of said road, may, on the completion of each
section of said road, as provided in this act and
the act to which this act is an amendment, issue
their first mortgage bonds on their respective
railroad and telegraph lines to an amount not ex-
ceeding tiie amount of the bonds of the United
States, and of even tenor and date, time of matu-
rity, rate and character of interest with the bonds
authorized to be issued to said railroad companies
respectively. And the lien of the United States
bonds shall be subordinate to that of the bonds
of any or either of said companies hereby au-
thorized to be issued on their respective ro^ds,
property, and equipments, except as to the pro-
visions of the sixth section of the act to which
this act is an amendment, relating to the trans-
mission of dispatches and the transportation of
mails, troops, munitions of war, supplies and
public stores for the Government of the United
States. And said section is further amended by
striking out the word " forty," and inserting in
lieu thereof the words " on each and every sec-
tion of not less than twenty."
Sec. 11. And be it further enactcd, That if any
of the railroad companies entitled to bonds of tlie
United States, or to issue their first mortgage
bonds herein provided for, has, at the time of the
approval of this act, issued, or shall thereafter
issue, any of its own bonds or securities in such
form or manner as in law or equity to entitle the
same to priority or preference of payment to the
said guarantied bonds, or said fiist mortgage
bonds, the amount of sucii corporate bonds out-
standing and unsatisfied, or uncanceled, shall be
deducted from the amount of such Government
and first mortgage bonds which the company
may be entitled: to receive and issue; and such an
amount only of such Government bonds and such
first mortgage bonds.shall be granted or permit-
ted, as added to, such outstanding, unsatisfied,or
uncanceled bonds of the company shall make up
the whole amount per mile to which the company
would otherwise have been en ti tiedAnd provided
further, -That before any .Bonds shall be so given
by theiUnited States, the company,claiming them
sh5.ll, present to the Secretary of the Treasury an
affidavit of the president and secretary of the
company, to be sworn to before tlje judge of a
court of record, setting forth whether said com-
pany has issued any such bonds or securities,
and, if so, particularly describing the same, and.
such other evidence as the Secretary may require,
so as to enable him to make the deduction herein
required; and such,affidavit shall then be filed
and deposited in the office of the Secretary of the
Interior. And any person swearing falsely to
any such affidavit, shall be deemed guilty of per-
jury, and, on conviction thereof, shall he pun-
ished as aforesaid: Provided, also, That no land
granted by this act shall be conveyed to any party
or parties, and .no bonds shall be issued to any
company or companies, party or parties, on
account of any road or part thereof, made prios to
the passagfe of the act to which this act is an
amendment, or made subsequent thereto under
the provisions of any act or acts other tl^m this
act, and the act amended by this act.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western R.ailroad
Company, now known as the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, eastern division, shall build the
railroad from the mouth of Kansas river, by the
way of Leavenworth, or, if that be not deemed
the best route, then the said company shall, with-
in two years, build a railroad from the city of
Leavenworth to unite with the main stem at or
near the city ofLawrence; but to aid in the con-
struction of said branch the said company shall
not be entitled to any bonds. And if the Union
Pacific Railroad Company shall not be proceed-
ing in good faith to build the said railroad through
the Territories when the Leavenworth, Pawnee,
and Western Railroad Company, now known as
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, eastern,di-
vision, shall have completed their road to the hun-
dredth degree of longitude, then the last-named
company may proceed to make said road west-
ward until it meets and connects with the Central
Pacific Railroad Company on the same line. And
the said railroad from the mouth of Kansas river
to the one hundredth meridian of longitude shall
be made by the way of Lawrence and Topeka,
or on the bank of the Kansas river opposite said
towns: Provided, That no bonds shall be issued or
land certified by the United States to any person
or company, for the construction of any part of
the main trunk line of said railroad west of the
one, hundredth meridian of longitude and east of
the Rocky mountains, until said road shall be
completed from or near Omaha, on the Missouri
river, to the said one hundredth meridian of lon-
gitude. -
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That at and
after the next election of directors, the number
of directors to be elected by the stockholders
shall be-fifteen; and the number of directors to
be appointed by the President shall be five; and
the President shall appoint three additional di-
rectors to serve until the next regular election, and
thereafter five directors. At least one of said
Government directors shall be placed on each
of the standing committees of said company, and
at least one on every special committee that may
be appointed. The Government directors shall,
from time to time, report to the Secretary of the
Interior, in answer to any inquiries he may make
of them, touching the condition, management,
and progress of the work, and shall communicate
to the Secretary of the Interior,at any time, such
information as should be in the possession of the
Department. They shall,ais often as may be ne-
cessary to a full knowledge of the condition and
management of the line, visit all portions of the
line of road, whether built or surveyed; and
while absent from home, attending to their du-
ties as directors, shall be paid their actual trav-
eling expenses, and be allowed and paid such
