1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1 ega. I move to take up the case of Knox vs.
Blair.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved^ That Francis P. Blair, jr., is not entitled to a
Beat in this House as Representative in the Thirty-Eighth
Cbngrcss fiom the first congressional district in -Missouri.
Resolved, That Samuel Knox is entitled to a seat in this
House as a Representative in the Thirty-Eighth Congress
from the first congressional district m Missouri.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker,
neither the sitting member nor the contestant is
present in the House this morning. I consider
that from some quarter the views of the minority
should be presented, and if necessary I desire to
do so; but I am not prepared" to-day. Nor do I
think that the case is in a condition in which it
should be debated. Mr. Blair, the sitting member,
is now with the army under General Sherman,
and is utterly unable toattend. I therefore sug-
gest to the gentleman from HJassachusetts that
this case be postponed for four-or five days.
Mr. GANSON. I also join in the request made
by the gentleman from Wisconsin that there be
a postponement of this case. As already stated,
neither the sitting member nor the contestant is
present. The sitting member left "town a day or
two before any report was made or any decision
reached by the Committee of Elections. I un-
derstand that the majority report was signed by
five members and the minority report by four
members of the Committee of Elections—as I un-
derstand that the gentleman from Kentucky con-
curs in. the opinion of the minority. A gentleman
relied on to present the views of the minority left
yesterday for his home. He had prepared him-
self fully to give the views of theminority. Under
the circumstances I hope that the gentleman from
Massachusetts will agree to the postponement of
this case.
I do. not think that any public interest will suf-
fer by a postponement. Mr. Knox, I understand,
is not in a condition to take his seat no.w, and
will not be for four or five days. I believe that
the postponement would be gratifying to mem-
bers on the other side of the House as well as on
this.
Mr. DAWES. Can the gentleman fix any day
when the sitting member is likely to be here?
Mr. GANSON. I do not ask it on account of
the contestant. The gentleman from Massac^u-
. setts who made this report will present his case.
Mr. DAWES. 1 inferred from the remark of
my friend from New York that he had some,day
in hia mind when the sitting member would be
present to submit his case. But the fact that the
sitting member is absent does not amount to any-
thing.
I would also inquire whether my friend can
indicate any day when the contestant will be pres-
ent if we agree to postpone the case.
Mr. GANSON. i only desire that the views
of the minority may be presented properly and
fairly to the House.
Mr. DAWES. I will go as far as possible to
aid my friend in doing that. I only wanted to
know whether he could fix a day when the sitting
member or the contestant could be present, and
to which this case might be postponed.* As he
cannot do so, then he must speak for the gentle-
man who left yesterday, in view of the order of
the House setting apart this day for this case.
Can ho state when that gentleman will be present?
Mr. GANSON. I will inform the gentleman
that it is out of regard to those who are left here.
Mr. DAWES. Then leaving out of consider-
ation all the lemarks of both of my friends that
pertain to anything except themselves, they will
allow me to say that some two weeks ago, while
the gentlemen were here, I indicated a day when
this case would be called up, and, knowing they
are industrious men, I supposed they would pre-
pare themselves at once. When the case came
up on that day 1 postponed it another week, and
gave notice of the particular day when Iwould
call it up. When the case came up on that day
my distinguished fiiend from New York [Mr.
Ganson] interposed a minority report, which I
supposed must have been the result of delibera-
tion. 1 do not know how that may be, but I
supposed it was the result of preparation. Then
• the House postponed the case until to-day.
Now, so far as I am concerned I have not the
slightest objection to its being postponed until
next weekorany other time. Theonly difficulty
which occurs to me about its being postponed
until next week is this, that everyday next week
has been appropriated, by the unanimous consent
of the House, to other business, and even a ques-
tion of privilege could not come in. That is an
obstacle which, so far as the House is concerned,
is in the way. That does not trouble me, and if
the House thinks the. public business requires
that this ease should be postponed I will not ob-
ject. So far as I am concerned, I would be most
happy to accommodate the gentleman, but I re-
gret to hear the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Ganson] say in the House, after having put in a
minority report of sixteen pages, which is very
elaborate, and, as I hope to be able to show to the
House, learned besides, that he is not prepared to
go on now.
Mr. GANSON. I am surprised that my friend
from Massachusetts should not know that that
would exhaust anybody. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. While I did suppose it would
exhaust my fiiend, I supposed that in the course
of a week he would be able to fill up again. [Re-
newed laughter.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I merely desire to say that
I hope neither the gentleman from Massachusetts
nor the House will consent to have this matter
postponed any longer. If there should be any
further delay in the matter 1 should deem it my
duty, as a member of this House, as a question
of privilege, to ask that the name of the so-called
sitting member shall be stricken from the roll, as
upon the evidence he must be utterly incapable
of occupying a seat here. I hope, therefore, the
matter will be taken up at this time and disposed
of, and that we shall not have our ears shocked
by hearing every day the name of a major gen-
eral in the, field called to answer yea oj- nay on
questions before this House.
Mr.DAWES. I am in thehabitof trymgmen
before hanging them. If my friend is in the habit
of hanging them first, it is a new rule to me and
I do not propose to adopt it. I propose to pro-
ceed with this ease and give this man a hearing,
whatever may be my convictions upon the sub-
ject, and they are very clear and decided. I do
not propose to postpone this case myself, for I do
not feel that it is such a courtesy as my colleagues
upon thecommitt.ee can properly call upon me for.
Mr. HALE. I wish to suggest to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that this day belongs to
the consideration of private bills. It is objection
day, too, and we have had scarcely a Friday dur-
ing the last six weeks which has not been taken
up by a special order or a privileged question. I
ask him, at any rate, to postpone it for a short
time.
Mr. DAWES. Those are considerations for
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to submit to the
House upon the motion of the gentleman from
Wisconsin to postpone,which I understand is now
pending. I would be very happy to accommo-
date the gentlemen from New York and Wiscon-
sin, but really as this matter has been postponed
from time to time with my acquiescence, I do not
feel at liberty to consent to a further postpone-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, in regard to a
question of fact, that the whole of next week, with
the exception of Friday, has been assigned, by
unanimous consent, to various matters of busi-
ness, which a question of privilege will not over-
ride.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. One word fur-
ther. I am very sorry that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Brooiiall] should be so much
troubled by the name of a major general being
called here. The sitting member is not here, and
the report of the committee involves the question
of his original election; and it involves, likewise,
the right of this House to do what it is asked to
do in this case,to seata man who lias not received
a sufficient number of votes. 1 do not propose to
criticise the claim of the sitting member, who is
actually in the field, and who, I believe-, does not
desire to hold the seat; but his name is upon the
roll, and 1 think it due to the House that the mat-
ter should be fully investigated. I trust, there-
fore, that the House, ill justice to itself, will post-
pone this question until Fiiday next.
Mr. UPSON. This case has already been
postponed several times, once by consent of the
chairman of the Committee of Elections, and an-
other tune by a rote of the House. It seems to
me fbat'it is,not askingftoo mod) ot'the House at
this stage of the session that  the matter should'he
disposed of. A postponement now wo.uld ,be
equivalent to a decision not to determinethis ques-
tion until the next session of Congress.;- , . ;
Mr. GANSON. I wish to call the attention of
the House to the fact that the sitting member in
this case is, now in the field with 'General Sher-
man, and that the contest ia not aa to whether
his right to the seat has been invalidated'; by
virtue of his military commission. An effort was
made to dispose of the ease on that ground, 'and
the gentleman from Michigan opposed it. i desire
to say further that the contestant'is not here,
and is not in a condition to take his seat probably
during this session. Under these circumstanees
I do not think it is asking too much thatthe case
be postponed: " It will not take up more time
hereafter when it comes up than it will now,and
no injustice will be done' either to the sitting
member or the contestant. 1 ' • '
Mr. DAWES. I demandthe^jreviousquestion.
The previous question was seconded,and the
main question ordered. •
Mr. GANSON demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in 1
the negative—yeas 57, nays 72, not voting 53;
as follows: '
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Baily,
Jacob B. Blair, Bliss, James S. Brown, Chanler, Coffroth,
Cole, Cox, Dawson, Denison, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge,
Finck, Ganson, Grider, Griswold, Hate, Harding, Harring-
ton, Charles M. Harris, Holman, Hutchins, William John-
son, Kallifieisch, King, Knapp, Lazear, Le Blond, Long,
Mallory, Marcy, McDowell, McKitmey, James It. Morris,
Morrison, Odfill, Pendleton, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson,
Ross, Scott, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles,
Stuart, Thomas, Tiaey, Wadsworlh, Ward, Webster,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, and Will-
field—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
John 1). Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Bout-
well, Boyd, Brandegee, liroomall, Cobb, Cravens, Henry
Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fenton, Frank, Higby, Hooper,
Hotchltiss, Asaliel W. Hubbard, Jotm H. Hubbard, Inger-
soll, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Little-
jolm, Loan, Longy ear, Marvin, McClurg, Mcltidoe, Samuel
F. Miller. Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers,
Leonard Myeis, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Perlmm,
Pike, Price, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Sciienck,
Seofleld, Shannon, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Dpson,
Van Valkenbwgii.Elihu U. Washbumc, William B. Wash-
burn, Whaley, Williams, Wilson, VVindoin, and Wood-
bridge—72.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Aneona, Anderson, Augustus
0. Baldwin, Francis P. Blair, Brooks, William Gl Brown,
Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Creswell, Dom-
ing, Dumont, Eekiey, English, Gai field, Gooch, GrinneH,
ilall, Benjamin G. Harris, I-Ierrick, Huiburd, Philip John-
son, Iiasson, Oilando Kellogg, Kenum, Law, McAllister,
McBride, Middleton, William H. Miller, Nelson, Noble,
John O'Neill, Patterson. Perry, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Radford,
William II. Randall, Rogers, Edward H. Rollins, James
S. Rollins, Smith, Smiiliers, Stebbms, Strouse, Sweat,
Thayer, Vonrliws, Wilder, Benjamin Wood, Fernando
Wood, and Yeaman—53.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. COX stated, during the roll-call, that Mr.
Rollins, of New Hampshire, was paired with
Mr. Voorhees.
Mr. GANSON. I desire to state to the House
that one of my colleagues upon the Committee of
Elections, who desires to be heard upon this
case, is necessarily absent from the House. I
therefore move that the case be postponed until a
week from Monday next.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield for that purpose?
Mr. DAWES. I must decline to do so.
BANKRUPTCY BILL.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Willmycolleagueyieldto
me to call up the privileged question of the motion
to leconsider the vote by which the bankruptcy
bill was rejected yesterday?
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection, if it will
cause no delay.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will move the previous
question.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill day,
if the contested-election case be waived for the
present, the motion to reconsidercannot be called
up and decided if there be any private bills called
up. These would take precedence_ of all other
business, excepting a question of privilege affect-
ing the right of a member to his seat.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If there be no objection?
