1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
1873
afoiosaid 5 and theiephall be annexed therctoadecHiatiou
of the piesident, cashier, or (ica^uror of tin' bank, uu>t
eompanv,savings institution,or insurance 'ompanv, under
oath or atfntnation, m form ami manner a^ may Im p;e-
scrib'Hl by the Commissioner of Internal Kevenne, lhat ihe
same contains a tine and faithful account of tin- duties as
afore>aid ; and foi any dciault in the making or rendering
of such list or return with such decimation annexed, the
bank, trust company, savings institution, or insuranceicom-
pany, making &ueh default, shall forfeit as u penally the
sum of §£00; and in case of any such default in making
or tendering s-aid list or return, or of any default in the p;>y
ment of the duty a-* required, or any part thereof, th" as-
sessment and collection of the duty and the hens, penal-
ties, and forfeitures nhall be in accordance with the general
provisions of law in other case-* of neglect and refusal:
Provided, That the dutj upon the dividends of life iu<ar
ance companies shall not be deemed due or to be collected
until such dividends shall be payable by such companies.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by striking
out of line eighteen the words "and the amount
of duty shall be paid fo the collector of the dis-
trict," and inserting in lieu thereof the words " to
the assessor or assistant assessor in duplicate; and
one of said lists or returns shall be transmuted
and the duty paid to the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend in line
twenty-eight by striking out after the words " de-
fault in" the word " the."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out of line
thirty-two before the word " default" the word
" such."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out of lines
thirty-five and thirty-six the words " liens, pen-
alties, and forfeitures,"arid insert in lieu thereof
the woicl " penalty."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KERNAN. I move to amend by striking
out of line six the words " savings institution."
The reason is that so far as Iain acquainted with
these institutions they are institutions which
make no divisions of profit or gams, and whose
depositors generally, and so far as 1 know uni-
foimly, are people of small means and limited
earnings. Of course, if they receive earnings
exceeding the amount of $600 they pay an in-
come tax. Aw a general thing they do not; and
therefoie they discriminate against women and
poor people who deposit in these banks.
Mr. UPSON. Js there anything which hin-
ders deposits to a large amount?
Mr. K.ERNAN. I know that in my State these
institutions can only receive deposits to a limited
amount, and therefore they do not receive de-
posits fioin people who make large investments.
Mi. MORRILL, The suggestion of the gen-
tleman from New Yoi k it> ti ue to a certain extent.
It is so in rny own State, but it is also true that
men of large, mean* deposit in these institutions
money which they do not else know how to dis-
pose of. And it is for the purpose of reaching
these men that these institutions were included.
Mr. KERNAN. I would inqune of the gen-
tleman whether he could notfiameanamendment
which shall reach men who make deposits above
a certain amount?
Mr. MORBILL. These institutions take the
money of the rich and the poor, and far more from
th« wealthy than from tin- poor.
Mr. GANSON. Could not an amendment be
inserted excepting cases where the sum deposited
does not exceed $300 by an individual? I will
slate that so far as western New York is con-
cerned, the people of wealth do deposit in these
institutions in large amounts.
Mr. MORRILL. That would be impractica-
ble-, and we must collect the duty as a whole oi
abandon it entirely. 1 am in favor of retaining
the provision requiring them to make to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue a return of the en-
tire amount of deposits.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Section one hundred and nineteen was read, as
follows:
Jlnd be it fiuthcr enacted, Thai any hank legally author-
ized to is-uie notes as circulation which .shall neglect or
omit to make dividends oi additions to iu, suipius or con-
tingent (ami as often a- <>"ce ^ monto*, -hall make a
lj=t°or reiiirn, undei oath m affirmation of the president or
cashier to the collector of the distuct in winch it i- located,
on the 1st day of January and July in each >cai, orwuhin
thirty day& tlleiuatter, of the amount ot piofits which have
accrued or been earned and received by said hank during
the^ix month* ne\t preceding said fust days of J.uuiaty
and Jul) ; and at the time of making such list or return shall
pay to the collector of the district a duty of five per cent,
on Mich profit; and in case of default to make Mich list
or K'tuia and ptvment, shall be >uhj< ct to the pmvisione
ofihe f<treg.iin<! M-euou of this act: Prodded. That when
ni'v ('ivsdem! is mad'1 which include-* nay part of the sui-
phis or contingent fund- of any bank, trust company, *-av-
tng-? iiK-titnti'm, insurance or railroad company, which ha<
been as>e< ed and the duty paid thereon, the amount ot
duty so paid on that portion of the suiplus or contingent
fund may be deducted from the duty on such dividend.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move to amend the same
by inserting in line five, afterthe word " return,"
the words "in duplicate."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out"col-
lcctoi " in lino six and insert " assessor or assist-
ant assessor."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. HOOPER. I move to strike out of the
eleventh line the woids "at the time of making
such list or leturn shall,"and insert in lieu thereof
the wo'rtls "shall present one of said lists or re-
turns and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to insert after the word
" payment" in line fourteen the words " within
thirty days as aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Section one hundred and twenty was read, as
follows:
Sec. 12(1. Jlnd be if further enacted^ That any railroad
company Indebted for anv money lot which bond-* orother
evidence of indebtedness have been issued. payable in one
oi inoie years a'ter date, upon which interest is stipulated
to be paid,oi coupons repi eventing the intoc.->t, on any lall
road company thatniav have declared an\ dividend in «crtp,
or money due or pa>able to its stockholder, ae part ol the
eai nine's, piofits, income, or gams of said company, shall be
subject to and pay a duly of live percent, on the amount of
all -itch intcuM. or coupon-* and dividends, whenever the
same r-hall be pa\able; and said tatlroad companies are
heieby anthonxed to deduct, and wtiMwIil ftom all pay-
ments on account of any interest, or coupons and divi-
dends, dlle and pajable .is aforesaid, the duty of' five pei
cent; and the payment of the amount of t-aid duty so dc
dii'-ted ftom the mteie-t, ot coupon.:, ot dividends held by
any person oi patty, and certified by the piesident ot treas-
merof said company, shall discharge said railroad coin
panv foi that amount ol tin- dividend, or interest, or cou
pon, on the boi.d-: or other evidences of their indebtedness
mi held bv any poison or party whatever; and a list or re-
turn shall be made and lendered to the assessoror assistant
assessor in dupln ate, and one of paid list* or returns shall
be presented and the duty pan! to the collector of the dis-
ttict within thuty day.s afn-i the time when said intere-n,
coupons, oi dividends, became due and pay aide, and a* often
as everj six months; and sud Iwt ot return shall contain a
true and faithful account of the amount ot the duty, and
there shall he annexed thereto a declaration of"fin- president
or tiea-jtncr of the company, undei oath or affiimation, in
lot in and manner as may he prescribed bv the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, that the same contains a true and
faithful account of said dutv ; and for any default m male
ing or rcnd< ring -nich li>t or return, with the declaration
annexed, or of the payment of the duty as aforesaid, the
tailroad company making such default .shall forfeit as a
penalty the sum of $.">00; and in ease of any default in
making or rendering atd list or return, or of the payment
of the dutv, or any patt thereof, as aforesaid, the assess
tnent and collection ol the dulv and penalty shall be made
accoidnnr to the general provisions* of law in other cases
of neglect or refusal.
Mr. MORI! ILL. 1 move to amend hy insert-
ing before the word "company," in the second
line, the words "canal, turnpike, canal naviga-
tion, or slick-water."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out of line
five the word "on" and insert "or;" also to
strike out " raihoad " and insert " such."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike outoflme
eight the word "said" before " company" and
insert " such."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out of line
eleven, before the word "companies," the word
" railroad."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In hue sixteen I move to
strike out the words "held by any person or
party."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line seventeen I move to
strike out "company" and insert "companies."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I move to insert afterthe
word "whatever," in the twentieth line, the words
"except where said company may have con-
ducted othet wise." 1 know of companies which
have contracted to take the risk of all these taxes
themselves, it is part of their contract and is in
their bonds ami in their coupons.
, Mr. MORRILL. I surest to thegentleman,
who is a lawyer, that this would not repeal a con-
tract.
Mr. SCOFIF.LD. I know that one large rail-
road company in my State which had made just
such a contract claimed that a clause similar to
this in the old bill exempted them from their con-
tract. There can be no objection to my amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. I would rather not consent
to it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. This has nothingtodo with
petroleum, end is all right. [Laughter.] I call
for tellers on my amendment.
Telleis were oidered; and Messrs. Scofield
and Orth were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ajes 52, noes 41.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strikeout on page
156, in line eighteen, the woid ** railroad."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line twenty-two I move
to strike out "presented," and insert " trans-
mitted "in lieu thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line twenty-three I move
to <51 nke out " colic e tor of the district,"and insert
" Commissioner of Internal Revenue" in lieu
thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the word
" railioad" in line thirty-four.
The amendment was agreed to,
M r. MORRILL. I have one other amendment
to offer to this section. 1 move to insert after the
word " profits," in line eight, the following:" and
all profits of such company earned to the account
of any fund or used for construction," and to in-
sert after the wotd "dividends," in line ten, the
word " profits."
The amendment was agreed to.
Section one hundred and twenty-one was thee
read.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out that
sect ion. VVe have already provided for the same
thing in a preceding section.
The motion was agreed to.
The one hundred and twenty-second section
was read, as follows:
Bee. 120. Jiud he it further enacted^ That there shall be
levied, collected, and paid on all salariesof officers, or pay
ments to pei>ous in the civil, mditary. naval,oiM>thor em-
ployment or-ei vice of the tinned Status, including Sen-
ators and Representatives ami Delegates in Congress, when
exceeding toe  ate of ,$609 pet annum, a duly of five pes
cent, on the excels above tlie said $600; and it shall be
the duly of all paymasters and all di buivmgoihcers- uudoi
the Government of the United Slates, oi in the employ
thereof, when making any payments to officer* and pei
sons as aioies,ud. or upon -settling and -nlpMing the ac
count* of such officers and persons, to di duct and with
hold the aforesaid duly of tive per cent., and r-hall at the
same time make a eeitilieate bating the name of the oilieri
or pi rson from whom such deduct ion was math-, and the
amount Thereof, which shall be irant-mitted to the ntfice of
the Commissioner of Internal Itevenue, and < ntoied <u> par:
of the internal dimes; and tue pay roll,receipt-,or account
of officers oi persons paying such duty, as a'oiCsanl, shall
be made to exhibit the fact of such payment.
Mr. BOUTWJSLL. 1_ move "to add at the end
of that section the following:
j\nd it shall be the durv of the several Auditors of the
Treasury Department, when auditing the accounts- of any
paviunMej oi disbui-3in£ officer, or when .settling or adjust-
ing the accounts ol any such officer, to require evidence
that the dimes or taxes mentioned in this melton have bees
deducted and paid over to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the section
by inserting before the word " to," m the third
line, the words "for setvicen," and to add to
the section the following proviso:
Provided, That payments of prize money shall be re-
garded as income froiasalaries, and the duty thereon shall
be adjusted and collected in like manner.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the one
hundred and twenty-second section by increasing
the duty on salaries of officers in the civil, mili-
tary, naval, or other service of the United States,
including Senators and membets of Congress,
from per cent to ten per cent
