1880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I am op-
posed to the amendment. Until we'modify the
, mileage law of members of Congress, under winch
some gentlemen carry away more money for
mileage than they get for salary, I am opposed
to taxing members at a higher rate than other
officers of the Government. It operates unjustly
on members who have but small compensation
to draw'on as mileage money, while those who
ride in the cars on free tickets for thousands of
miles, and draw immense sums as mileage, can
well afford to pay a duty of ten per cent, on their
receipts as members of Congress, it operates
unjubtly on those members who reside near the
capital and draw comparatively little mileage.
Mr. KERNAN. I desire to call attention to
the fact that the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania would affect all the
-military and naval oificeis in the service of the
Government.
Mr. STEVENS. I will modify my amend-
ment so us to make it apply only to Senators and
members of Congress.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
The one hundred and twenty-third section was
read, as follows.:
Sfc. 103. J3n<l be it further cnactcd, That any person or
persons having iu charge or tiu-M;, as admini tratois, exec-
Utois, or truces of any legacies oi disU ibuttvc shaie.-> nu^-
ing fiom personal property, of any kind whatsoever, whore
the whole amount of such personal property, as aforesaid,
shall exceed the sum of ^l,UU0m actual value, pacing tioui
any peison who may die after the passage of this act pos-
sessed of such property, either by will or by the intestate
lawrf of any ritate ot Territory, or any part of such property
or interest therein, transferred by deed, grant, bargain, sale,
or gift, made oi intended to take effect in possession or en-
joyment alter the death of the grantoi or baigamer, to any
per-on or pei-ons, or to any body or bodies politic or cor-
poi.tie, in tt u*t oi otliei wise, shall be, and hereby are, made
subject to a duty or tax, to be paid to the United State*, as
follow.*, that is to say:
1. Where the person or personsentiiledto any beneficial
interest in such propeity shall bo the lineal issue or lineal
ancestor, bi other or --ister, to the person who died possessed
of^uch property, as aforesaid, at and a!ter the rate of one
dollai foreru ii and every $100 of thecfeui valueof such in-
terest MMtch pioperty.
2. Where the person or persons entitled to any beneficial
Intel e^-t in <uch propeity shall be a descendant of a brotlici
oi sister of the per; on who died po^se-ssed, as aforesaid, at
and alter the late of two dollars tor each and every sjllOOof
the clear value of such interest-
3. Where the peison or pet sons entitled to any bcneficial
interest in property shall he a Mother or -isterof the
lather or mother, or a descendant of a biother or shter of
the lather or mother, ot the peison who died possessed as
aforesaid, at and after the rate of four dollats for each and
evciy .SJilOO of the eiear value of such interest.
4. Where the person oi persons entitled to any beneficial
interest in such property shall be a lumber or sister of the
grandfather or grandmother, or a descendant of the biother
or sifter of the gundfather or eiamhnother, of the person
who died po-se^ed as aforesaid, at and aftei the rate of live
dollars (or each and cvciy #1UW of the clear value of such
interest.
5. Where tiie poison or persons entitled to any beneficial
interest in such property shall be in any other degree ot col-
lateral cousangumit.) than is hcicinbet'ore stated, or shallbe
a stranger in blood to the person who died possessed, as
aforesaid, or shall be a body politic or corporate, at and after
the rate ot six dollars lor each and evciy §.100 of the clear
value ot such mtei est: Provided, That all legacies or prop-
erty pacing by will, or by the laws of any State or Terri-
tory, to hut-band or wife of the person who died possessed
as aforesaid, shall be exempt tiom tax or duty.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the section
by inserting in the second paragraph three dollais
instead of two dollars. I wish to say,in support
of that amendment and in favor of a general in-
crease of these duties, that while it might be im-
politic to increase the duty on the inheritance of
lineal descendants, there is no good reason why
the tax on collateral heirs should not be very con-
siderable. It is a just tax, and one which is im-
posed by all Governments at much higher rates
than are proposed in this bill.
Toe amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by making
the duty in the third paragraph six dollars on the
$100 instead of four dollars.
The amendment was rejected.
The one bundled and twenty-fourth section was
read, as follows;
Sec. 1-yi. Jlnd be itfmthcr enacted, That the tax or
duty aforesaid shall be a* li n and chaige upon the property
of every person who may die as aforesaid, until the same
shall be fully paid to and discharged by the United States;
and every «xecutor, administrator, or other person who may
take the burden or trust of aclministtation upon such prop-
erty shall, alter taking such buiden ornust, and before pay-
in| and distributing any portion thereof to the legatees or
any parties entitled to bcucficinl interest therein, pav to the
collector or deputy collector of the district of winch tiic de-
ceased pei.-nn was a resident the amount of the duty or
tax, as <i!oic-aid, and thai! also make and lender to theas-
sc-f-or or ossi-i.int assessor of the «aid district a schedule,
list, or statement, in duplicate, of the amount of such prop-
erty, together wuh the amount of duty which has accrued
or should aceiue thereon, veufied by his oath or affirmation,
to be administered and certified thereon by some magistrate
or officer having lawful power to administer such oaths, in
such form and manner as may be presciibed by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, which schedule, list, or
statement shall contain the names of each and every person
entitled to any beneficial interest therein, together with the
clear value of such interest, the duplicate of which sched-
ule, list, oi statement shall be by him immediately deliv-
eied and the tax thereon paid to such collector; and upon
such payment and delivery of such schedule, list, or state-
ment, find collector or deputy collector shall giant to such
pctson paying such duty or tax a receiptor receipts for the
same in duplicate, winch shall be pieparedas h hereinafter
provided; such receiptor leeeiprs, duly signed and deliv-
eied by such collcctoi ordeputy collector, <?hall be sufficient
evidence to entitle the peison who paid such duty or tax as
having taken the burden or trust of aduunisteiing such
piopeity or personal estate to be allowed for such payment
by the poison or poisons entitled to the beneficial inteiest
in lespeet to which such tax oi duty was paid fWtid such
peison adtmnisteiingsuch property or personal estate shall
becicditcd and al'owcd such payment by every tiibunnl
which, by the laws of any State or Tot ritory, is, or may he,
empoweied to decide upon and-settle the accounts oi exec-
utois ami admmistiaiois; and in ea-e such per-on who hns
taken the buiden or tiust of adminwtcnng upon any such
piopeify or personal estate shall refuse or neglect to pay
the aioiesud duty ortaxtothecolleetoi or deputy collector,
as aloiesaid, within the time heicinbefore piovuled, or shall
neglect or refuse to deliver to said collector or deputy coileet-
oi ti:e duplicate oft lie schedule, list, or statement of such leg-
acies, piopcrtj, or peisonat e-tate, under oath, as afoiesaid,
or shall oeglcctoriefu-e to deliver the schedule, list, or state-
ment of such legacies pioperty, or personal estate, under
oath, as aforesaid, oi shall deliver to said assessor or assistant
assessor a laHe schedule oi statement of such legacies, piop-
erty, or personal estate, oi give the names and relationship
of the pei-ams entitled to bcneficial interests therein un-
truly, or shall not truly and correctly set forth and state
theiein the cJeai value of such beneficial interest, or where
no admuu^tiation upon such pioperty or personal estate
shall have been g! anted or allowed underexistmg laws, the
piopet otlicer ofjthe United States shall commence such
piocecdins;s m law or equity be tore any couit of the dinted
States as may be piopei and necessary to enforce and real-
ize the lien or chaise upon such property or personal es-
tate, or any part thei cos, tut which such tax or duty has not
been ttuly and jn -.!!> paid. Uiulei such proceedings, the
rate of duty ot (ax enloiced shall be the highest rate im-
posed oi assessed by tin- act, and shall be iu the name of
the United States ui;sui>i.t -uch per.-on or pcisons as may
have the actual oi constructive custody or possession of
such piopeity or personal estate, or any part thereof, and
shall subject such piopeity oi personal estate, or any por-
tion of the. same, to he sold upon the judgment or decree of
such couit, and from the pioceeds of such sale the amount
of such tax or duty, together with all costs and expenses of
eveiy description to be allowed by such court, shall be fii-t
paid, and the balance, if any, deposited accenting to the
oider of such couit, to be paid under its direction to such
person or persons as shall establish their lawtul title to the
same. The deed "i deeds, oi any pioper conveyance of
such propeity oi personal e-tate, or any portion thereof, so
sold under Mich judgment or decree, executed by the otheer
fciwnUfy charged with cari} ing me same into effect, shall
vc-t m the purchaser theieot all the title ol the delinquent
to tlie pioperty oi personal estate sold under and by viitue
of such judgment or decree, and shall release every other
portion of such piopeity or pe^oiml estate from the hen or
charge theieon eifated by tins act. And every person or
persons who shall have m his possession, charge, or cus-
tody, any tecoid, file, or paper, containing or supposed to
contain any inhumation concerning such pioperty or per-
sonal estate, as aforesaid, parsing from any peison who
may die, as aforesaid, shall exhibit the same at the lequest
of the assessor or assistant a-scssor of the distnct, and to
any law officer of the United States, m the performance of
his duty under this act, ins deputy or agent, who may de-
sire to examine the same; and it any such person, having
in hts po-ses^iun, chaige, or custody, any such records,
files, or papers, shall retuse or neglect to exhibit the same
on icquest, as aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay the sum
of £300; and in case of any delinquency m making the
schedule, li*t, or statement, or in the payment of the duty
or tax accruing, or which should accrue thereon, the as-
sessment and collection shall be made as provided for in
the genetal provisions of this act: Provided, In all legal
contioversies where such deed or title shall be the subject
of judicial investigation the recital m said deed shall be
ptesumed to be true, and that the requirements of the law
had been complied with by the officers of the Government.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to
amend by striking out the woids u or other per-
son who may take the burden or trust of admin-
istration upon such property shall, after taking
such burden or trust and," and inserting in lieu
thereof the words "or trustees."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON". I am also instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to move to
amend by striking out in line twelve the words
"as aforesuid/'and inserting in lieu theieof the
words " assessed on such legacy or distributive
share."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am also inutructcdby i
the Committee of Ways and Means to move to
amend by stiiking out the words "the person
who paid such duty or tax as having taken the
burden or trust of administering such property or
personal estate to be allowed for such payment
by the person or persons entitled to the beneficial
interest in respect to which such tax or duty was
paid; and such person administering such prop-
erty or personal estate shall," and inserting in
lieu thereof the words "such executor, or ad-
ministrator, or trustee to."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am also instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to amend
by striking out the words " person who has
taken the burden or trust of administering upon
any such property or personal estate," and in-
serting in lieu thereof the words " executor, ad-
ministrator, or tiustee."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am also instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to move to
amend by striking out the words "as may be
proper and necessary to enforce and realize the
lien or charge upon such property or personal
estate, or any p.irt thereof, for which such tax or
duty has not been truly and justly paid. Under
such pioceedings, the rate of duty or tax'en-
forced shall be the highest rate imposed or as-
sessed by this act, and shall be."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am also instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to move to
amend by striking out in line fifty-nine the words
" in law urequity."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am also instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to move fo
amend by striking out of the proviso the words
" presumed to be true," and insert in lieu thereof
the words " prima facie evidence of its truth."
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to insert in line
three, after the word " aforesaid," on page 171, the
words "for twenty years or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. In section one hundred
and twenty-five I move to strike out, in the fifth
line, the words " chargeable with duty under this
act." The section will then read:
Sac. 125 Jind be it fwither enacted, That for the pur-
pose ol this act the teun "teal estate5'shall include all
lands, tenements, and hereditaments, corporeal and incor-
poreal ; that the term " succession" shall denote the devo-
lution of title to any real estate ; and that the term " per-
son" shall be held to include persons, hody-corpoiate, com-
pany, or association.
Mr, BOUTWELL. I desire the unanimous
consent of the committee to allow all these sections
relating to the succession of real estate to remain
open for amendment until they shall all have been
passed over.
The proposition was by unanimous consent
assented to.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Pendleton] propose to establish these rules
for the purposes of this act, or does he propose
to establish a uniform tenure of real estate, and
make it general ?
Mr. PENDLETON. I only propose that the
section shall be a definition of what is meant by
the term "succession" under this act that shall
denote the devolution of title to any real estate
chargeable with duty under this act. The object
is to define the circumstances under which par-
ticular rates of taxation shall be assessed. Noth-
ing further.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I will suggest that the
one hundred and twenty-third section ought to
be amended by inserting after the word " prop-
erty," in itne four, the words not embraced tn
estates held in trust to." i fear that otherwise,
as the section now stands, the language of that
section is capable of being construed so as to tax
these estates so hold twice.
Mr. STEVENS. I will suggest to the gentle-
man that that section has nothing to do with any
trusts of real estate, it refers entirely to legacies
of personal property.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. As I understand the lan-
guage it would apply to trusts of real estate, f
ask the unanimous consent of the committee to go
back and make the amendment 1 have su^g^sted.
Mr. HOOPER. I object.
