884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
lion, has been as prompt in the discharge of his
duties as a functionary as any officer in the Navy,
not excepting the distinguished officer alluded to
by the gentleman from Maryland.
1 wish, sir, to allude to another fact: the Navy
Department has shrunk from no investigation.
The Navy Department has not called upon its
friends in this House to shield them from inquiry
and investigation when it has been asked by a
member of this House. When have they hesi-
tated to put at the head of an investigation the
man who demanded an investigation? Can the
gentleman and his friends say as much for their
favorite in the Cabinet? Did they not, in solid
phalanx, vote against an investigation leveled at
one officer in the Cabinet and asked for by a gen-
tleman belonging to the Republican side of the
House? And was it not intimated that the investi-
gation was denied simply because the gentleman
who moved it might, by courtesy or in some other
way, be placed upon that committee?
Sir, the administration of the Navy Department
shrinks from no investigation. The gentleman
himself, or any other gentlemen in this House
who make these vailing accusations, who get up
on appropriation bills and in five-minute speeches
let out their gall and bitterness upon the admin-
istration of the Navy Department are invited to
investigate its affairs. The friends of the Navy
will not give a single vote to shield that Depart-
ment from an investigation; whereas the gentle-
man from Maryland and his friends stand in solid
phalanx to prevent an investigation of the doings
of another Cabinet officer when asked for by a
member of the Republican party.
I ask the committee to look upon these facts.
I desire the gentleman from Maryland to stop the
utterance of his logic and his eloquence, and, if
it is possible, to assail the administration of the
Navy Department by facts presented through the
inquiry which is now pending in both Houses of
Congress. The actions of the Navy have been
as hei oicand their achievements as great as those
-of the Army, if you will look at the reports of
General Giant, or Geneinl Sherman, or of any
other oflicei acting m the West, you will find that
they give the highest praise to the efficiency of
the naval squadrons on the western waters.
The same is tiue in reference to every officer of
the Army who has commanded in conjunction
with the Navy upon the Atlantic sea-coast; and I
defy the gentleman to seatch the official records of
the reports of the Army officers acting m conjunc-
tion with the Navy, and lay his hand on one in-
stance of inefficiency m the conduct of the Navy
in this wai.
So far as I am concerned, 1 have myself wit-
nessed their aciion upon the Mississippi river;
and although my testimony is of little value, and
of no value at all m compauson with that given
by the particulai officers who commanded in those
great expeditions, yet I am here to say that they
did all that men could do under the circumstances,
and that they eonttibuted as much as the Army
itself to open I he Mississippi river and to achieve
those gieat conquests which have given ns the
mastery of the entire West.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I h ave merely a
word to say in reply. 1 am very unwilling to do
injustice to any one. I moved myself one inves-
tigation of matters conncctcd with the Navy De-
paitment, and 1 referred it to the regular Naval
Committee. 1 do not suppose the gentleman re-
ferred to that investigation in the remarks he made
about objections to other investigations. I was
careful so to refer it because I did not wish it to
appear, or to give an oppoitumty to say, that the
investigation would be und«r my control or under
the control of persons sympathizing with me in
that pai ticular.
With reference to the conduct of the Navy I
think it deserves all the gentleman has said of it,
and 1 believe there is no one m this House who
has had a better opportunity to see its inner work-
ings than the gentleman who alluded to it. In
reference to its conduct toward the gentleman to
whom I icfencd, I think the words I used aie
within what will appear to bo just, if the Depart-
ment will open its ree.ords and publish its own
correspondence, word for word and letter for let-
ter, with Admiral Du Pont; and if the Department
will publish flint correspondence, be it good or
bad, be it in their favor or m his favor, I shall have
no word to say.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman has
a way of getting it; lie can call for it by a reso-
lution. I wish I could say the workings of the
Treasury Department could be got at by that
means.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
will not understand me as the defender of the
Treasury Department.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman
voted to shield it from inquiry.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I did not see fit to
vote for the resolution.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I wish the gen-
tleman had seen fit to behave toward the Navy
Department as he did toward that. He is here
to move an investigation against the Navy De-
partment, while heshielded the Treasury Depart-
ment from an investigation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. There wasa marked
difference in the two eases. In reference to the
Navy Department the facts came immediately
within my own knowledge, or from a source in
which I had sufficient confidence to justify the
motion. I do not know of any facts m reference
to the Treasury Department, or I would move
an investigation myself.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order.
This whole debate is foreign to the amendment,
and I call the gentleman to order.
The amendment was withdrawn.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the bill.
The following clause being read:
Mare island:
For continuation of grading and paving, $10,000; scows,
lighter, and stages; fouiulory and machinery for same;
machinery for baw-mill; continuing coal-shed and wharf;
^team-hammer and tools forsniitiicry; rising and hail-lolt;
repairs ot'nll kinds;; oxeehss of expenditure on whaif; guard-
house; machinery for machine shop, and gas woiks,
Mr. HIGBY said: I move to amend that clause
by inserting after the word " wharf" the words
u continuing sea wall." I lind upon investigation,
and by adding up the several items of estimates
submitted to the House by the Department for
the several works contained in this clause, that
there is an excess of $10,000 in the appropriation
of $.2:24,595 which is found at the end of the clause.
By looking at the estimates you will see thatafter
striking out the three items which have been struck
out by the Committee of Ways and Means, and
$30,000 out of the estimate for continuing the
grading and paving, §224,595 is appropriated for
the remainder. That, according to the estimates
which were made at the Department, and which
I have in manuscript, gives an excess of $10,000
for the several items therein embraced. I have
moved this amendment so that while it will not
increase the appropriation it will direct the way
in which this $10,000 shall be appropriated. Al-
though the amendment does not appear in the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Navy,
and although it has not been acted on by the
Committee ofWaysand Means,there is no appro-
priation for that Department more necessary than
this $10,000 which is to be found in the manuscript
estimates which were sent to the Department.
The island upon which this navy-yard is situ-
ated is one of those shoals which stretch along
within half a mile of the mainland. It is very
long and narrow, and contains several hundred
acres. The sea-side, very much exposed to the
action of the water, is wearing away by the surg-
ing of the sea, which has already broken in quite
a distance and floated away several acres of land.
It is making its way across the island to a point
where the gieatest expenditures have been made
in erecting the most costly buildings. There is
no land to spare. The object of this appropria-
tion of $10,000 is to build a wall to protect the sea-
side from the ocean. It is for that reason that I
propose to insert these words. I understand that
| tins provision was stricken out last year by the
Committee ofWay&and Means. 1 do not know
whether it has been this year, but 1 do not find
it in the report of the Secretary of the Navy. I
have examined this matter for myself by ocular
demonstration. I know that the appropriation
;s needed,and f desire to insert these woids here,
it will not increase the appropriation, and I hope
the amendment will pass.
Mr. STEVENS, I think the gentleman from
California is wrong in supposing that the gross
sum appropriated in this paragraph ought not to
be changed if his amendment should be adopted,
The estimates for Mare island, which are to be
found on page 208 of the estimates, foot up
$374,735. The Committee of Ways and Means,
upon examination, concluded to reduce the first
item for grading and paving from $20,000 to
$10,000; and they rejected three items, for com-
mencing a timber-shed, $44,000, for commencing a
store-house, $56,000, and for wharf,&c., $40,000;
making altogether, with the $10,000 reduction of
which I havejustspoken,$150,000 to be deducted-
from the gross sum estimated for. That leaves
$224,000, the sum reported in this bill. This is
therefore an addition to the sum which we re-
pot ted.
The committee were of the opinion that this
was no time to commence new works costing such
a large amount. For the mere commencement of
a timber-shed $44,000 is asked; for the commence-
ment of a store-house $50,000; and for the mere
commencement of a sea-wall $40,000. The com-
mittee did not feel at liberty, in times like these,
to recommend the commencement of new works,
however proper they might be at other times, and
which we should have to complete at an untold
cost. We have therefore made this change, and
it is for the House to say whether they will add
an appropriation of $10,000, which would be al-
most useless, which would be buried up in the
ocean. I hope, therefore, that the amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. HIGBY. I have mistaken the estimate of
the Secretary of the Navy, if the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means is correct. I
make the estimate $224,000 for the purposes pro-
vided for in this clause, whereas the Committee
of Ways and Means make it $234,000. Add the
$10,000 appropriated in the first two lines to the
$224,000, and it makes $234,000. I do not see
how the $10,000 can be expended unless my
amendment be adopted. It does not increase the
appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will take
the $374,735, the gross amount of the estimates,
and deduct from that the sums I have named
which the committee omitted it will leave precise-
ly $221,000. Without that $10,000 it would be
only $214,000.
Mr. HIGBY. I have subtracted from the gross
amount of the estimates the items stated by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and I find the balance to be $234,000.
Mr. COLE, of California. My colleague is
entirely correct, I think, because I havegone over
the figures also, and I find that after striking out
the items that the committee did not allow, the
balance is $234,000. This amendment does not
ask for any additional appropriation. The esti-
mates of the Secretary show that the amounts to
be expended on the diffeient objects embraced in
this clause will not exhaust the appropriation
provided for, but will leave a surplus of $10,000.
The clause appropriates $234,000, but the Hems
on which the money is to be expended would
only consume *£224,000. 1 have figured it up;
but if there is any doubt about it, I hope the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
will allow the clause to be passed by for the
present.
Mr. HIGBY withdrew his amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I renew the amendment, and
will merely try to explain this matter to the gen-
tleman. The whole amount estimated for was
$334,000. The Committee of Ways and Means
struck out $44,000, $56,000, and $40,000. Add
to this the $10,000 struck off the other item, and
it makes $150,000 deducted from the estimate. I
cannot figure it up in any other way.
Mr. COLE, of California. The amendment
only proposes to add three words "continuing sea-
wall" to the clause. I can sep no harm that that
will do if there be no appropriation recommended.
It does not involve the expenditure of a dollar.
Mr. STEVENS. It takes from other items of
the bill, however. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. I am not
mistaken in this calculation; but I think that the
chairman of the "Committee of Ways and Means is
mistaken. I hope that he will let this part of the
bill be passed over, in order to give an opportu-
nity to members to go to figuring. My colleague
[Mr. Cole] and myself have figured it up, and
