1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend sec-
tion one hundred and thirty in th^ tenth line by-
inserting after the word "deemed" the words
"for the purpose's of this act;" so as to make the
section read as follows:
Sec. 130. Jhidbcit further enacted, Th;it where any dls-
position of real estate sliall purpoit to take effect presently,
or under such circumstances as not to confer succession,
but by the effect or in consequence of any engagement,
secret trust, or arrangement capable of being enforced iu ?i
court of law or equity, the beneficial ownership of such
real estate shall not, bona fide, pass according to the terms
of such disposition, but shall, in fact, be reserved to the
grantor or other person for some period ascertainable only
by reference to death, the person .'•hall be deemed for the
puiposesof this act to acquirc the real esiate so passingas
a bucccs^ion derived from the person limiting the disposi-
tion as the predecessor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following section being under considera-
tion—
Sec. 134. And be it further enacted^ That whore, after
the passing of tin* act, any estate iu reversion or remainder,
expectant upon the death of any person, shall be vested by
alienation or other derivative title, in any person other th.ui
the peison who .shall have been originally entitled thereto
under any such deposition as is mentioned in the second
section of this act, then the person in whom such estate
shall be so vested shall be chargeable with duty in reject
thereof as a succession at the same time, and at the same
rate, as the person so originally entitled would have been
changeable with if no such alienation had been made or
derivative title created; and wherever, after the passim?
of tins act, any succession shall, before the succes^oi shall
have become entitled thereto m possession, have become
vested by alienation, or by any title not conferiing a new
succession, in any other person, then the duty payable m
respect thereof shall be paid at the same rate'and time as
the same would have been payable if no such alienation
had been made oi derivative title created ; and where the
title toanj succession shall be accelerated by the sutrender
or extinction oi any puor interests, then the duty thereon
shall be payable at tho time of tuch sui iciuh-r or extension
of prior title—
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to strike out nil
rtfter the word " that" at the beginning of the
section down to and including the word " and"
in the twelfth line. My reason for the amend-
ment is that the matter I propose to strike out is
ail embraced in the subsequent part of the sec-
tion .
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON moved, on page 105, line
six, to strike out the word " respectively," so as
to make it read, "whereon he shall be account-
able," instead of " respectively accountable."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mj\ PENDLETON. In line seventeen, on
same page, after the words "assistant assessor,"
I move to strike out the word "or," so as to
make it read, "for the assessor or assistant as-
sessor, if dissatisfied with such account," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. In line twenty-eight,
after the word "assessment,"! move to strike
out the words "on the interest of the successor
in respect whereof the duty shall be due."
I also move, in line thirty, to strike out all after
the word "duty," as follows:
And to recover the same forthwith accordingly; and if
there shall bean appeal against such last-mentioned assess-
ment, then the payment of such expenses «hall be in the
discretion of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
The clause of the section as so amended would
read as follows:
Rut it shall be lawful for theassessoror assistant assess-
or, or if dissatisfied with such account, or if no account
and estimate shall be delivered to him, to assess the duty
on the best information he can obtain, subject to appeal as
hereinafter provided; and if the duty so assessed shall ex-
ceed the duty assessable according to the return made to
the assessor,"or assistantassess>or,a d with which heshall
have been dissatisfied, or if no account and estimate has
been delivered, and if no appeal shall be taken against such
iissesMiient, then it shall' be in the discretion of the assess-
or, having regard to the merits of each case, to charge the
whole or any part of the expenses incident to the taking of
such assessment in addition to such duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. In section one hundred
and forty-seven, line eight, I move to insert after
the word "duty" the words " in respect of a suc-
cession," so as to make the clause read as follows:
And if any person liable under this act to pay any duty
in icspeet of a succession shall, after such duty shall have
been finally ascertained, will fully neglect to do so within ten
days after being notified, lie shall also be liable to pay to
the United States a sum equal to ten per cent, upon the
amount of duty so unpaid, and a like sum for every suc-
ceeding motuh during which such neglect shall continue,
at the same time and in the same maimer as the duty to
be collectcd.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend section
one hundred and forty-eight, line two, by insert-
ing after the word " duty the words " in respect
of a succession j who shall be," So as to make the
clause read as follows:
Sec. 148. JIndbe it further ciiacted, That it shall be law-
ful for any party, liable to pay duty, in respect of a suc-
cession, who shall be dissatisfied with the assessment of
the assessor or assistant assessor, within ihiriy days, 8cc.
The amendment Wa6 agreed to,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. In the sec-
ond line of section one hundred and thirty-five,
I move to stiike out the words "any charitable
or," so as to make the section read:
That where real estate shall become subject to a trust for
public purposes, underany pastor future disposition, Which,
if made in favor of an individual, would confer on him a
succession, there shall be payable in respect of such real
estate, upon its becoming subject to such trusts, a duty at
the i ate of six per cent, upon the amount or principal value
of snob real estate.
iThe amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to add to the one
hundred and forty-fourth section the words " for
twenty years unless sooner paid," so that it will
read:
That the duty imposed by Thh act shall be a first charge
on the interest of the successoi, and ot all persons claim-
ing in his rnrht, in all the real estate in respect whereof
such duty shall be assessed, tor twenty years unless sooner
paid.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " twenty" and in-
serting " five;" and I do it for this reason: I think
that the lien in favor of the Government should
not be allowed to run a longer period than five
years. I think that that is too long rather than
too short. The object of the law is to compel
the officeis to collect taxes at the earliest possible
moment; and to have the hen extend to twenty
yeais would be oppressive to the delinquent tax-
payers.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and then the amendment as amended was
adopted.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask to go back to section
one hundred and twenty-four and make the same
amendment, %'he timejvas fixed thereat twenty
years, and to make it conform to the amendment
just adopted it should be changed to five years.
There was no objection, and the alteiation was
made accordingly.
Mr. KERNAN. I move to amend the follow-
ing section:
Sec. 135. And be it further enacted, That where real
estate shall become subject to a trust for any charitable or
public purposes, under any pastoi future disposition,which,
if made in favor ot an individual, would eunter on him a
succession, there shall he payable in respect of such real
estate, upon its becoming subject to such triis^, a duty at
the rate o( six pei cent, upon the amount or principal value
of such real estate.
Mr. Chairman, I do not understand why we
should tax property set apart for charitable pur-
poses one of the highest on the list. I do not sec
why we should tax it at all, but if at all, I would
not tax it six percent. I move to strike out" six"
and in lieu thereof to insert " two."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out the one
hundred and twenty-fifth section, which is as fol-
lows:
Sec. J25. And be itfurther enacted, That for the purpose
of this act the term " real estate" shall include all lands,
tenements, and hereditaments, corporeal and incorporeal;
that the term "succession" shall denote the devolution of
title to any real estate chargeable with duty under this act;
and that the term " person" shall be held to include per-
sons, body corporate, company, or association.
I do this, Mr. Chairman', merely for the par-
pose of calling the attention of the committee to
this whole provision under the title of "Succes-
sion to real estate." It seems to be exceedingly
complicated and to be involved in a great degree.
I do not see how a man could die safely with this
hanging over him. [Laughter.] Take the one
hundred and twenty-sixth section:
Sbc. 126. And he it further enacted, That every past or
future disposition of leal estate by will, deed, or Jaws of
de&eent, by reason whereot any person has or shall become
beneficially entitled, in possession or expectancy, to any
real estate, or the income thereof, upon the death of any
person dying alter the passing of this act, shall be deemed
to confer, on the person entitled by reason ot any such
disposition, a " succession," and the term " successor"
shall denote the person so entitled; and the term " ptede-
cessor" shall denote the giantor, testator, ancestor, or other
person from whom the interest of the successor lias been
or shall be derived.
That is a specimen of the whole of it. It is
tipon the old system of estates tail5, \diieh had
been abolished in all of the States, or at Hny rate
provision has been made for extinguisftmgit. ' ft
is involved: estates tail, remainders, sprfyteing
Issues, drid eyerythibg evfcr by the faitjof
"man under the bid system orcorfVe^Hce&nd de-
scent of real estate seerb to be reproduced in these
sections of the bill.
It seems to me, Mr. Chatrfrnan, that the Ooift-
mittee of Ways and Mdans—I have Hot tried it-^~
could make a Simpler provision than this. But
if this ts as simple as the committee can make it,
I how to their wisdom. I confess that I have
studied it and have been struck with profound
admiration at the success of the committee in
rendering the whole matter confused and inex-
plicable. 1 supposed thb whole tendency of tlie
law was to make it simple and easy to be under-
stood. I think that tnis belongs to the past.
There is nothing like it ui any modern law-book.
It refers to the "devolution "of real estate. Th'e
devolution is in a manner beyond the memory df
any man in this House. It belongs to the lime
of the " Year Books."
I submit to the committee with all due respect
that they had betterpass this matter over for the
present to take it up again in the committee-roorn
in order to see whether they cannot get some-
thing more simple.
In the last section it is proposed to collect itm
the same manner as the direct tax. That may
be done by the States assuming it. It seems to
be a bill prepared by some gentleman'and thrown
bodily into this measure. Itspeaks'of the sec-
ond sectitffi, .which has nothing to do with real
estate, and it refers to it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON. I oppose the amendment, an'd
in doing it I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee to another section of the bill, which, I think,
will show good reason why the section which the
gentleman from Massachusetts desires to strike
out should not be stricken out. Section one hun-
dred and twenty-eight provides:
That where any persons, after the passing of this act,
shall take any succession jointly, they shall pay the duty
chargeable thereon by this act in proportion to their re-
spective interests, in the succession; nndnny beneficial in-
terest in such succession, accruing to any of them by sur-
vivorship, shall be tleemcd to'be a new succession, derived
ifVom the predecessor from whom the joint title shall have
been derived.
Now, sir, I understand that almost all, if not
quite all the States of this Union have abolished
the tenure of survivorship, and have substituted
for it the estate in common, and I find no pro-
vision in this bill which reaches an esiate in com-
mon. It seems to me that if the committee desire
to keep thi's provision in at all, it should be mod-
ified by striking out " jointly "and inserting " es-
tates in common."
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr WILSON. I understand that esiates in
Common do not go by survivorship, and there-
fore thattheStates have generally abolished sur-
vivorship, and this section cannot operate upon
the estate which has'taken its place.
Mr. PENDLETON. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will call my atten-
tion to the place where the reference to the sec-
ond isection of this act occurs, I will move to
strike it out. He has criticised the bill by say-
ing that in some place there was an allusion to a
second section. I wish he would point it out.
Mr. DA W ES, Section one hundred and thir-
ty-four is in these words:
That where, after the passing of this act, any estate in
reversion or remainder, expectant upon the death of any
person, shall be vested by alienation or other derivative
title, in any person other than the person whoshaJJ have
been originally entitled thereto under any such disposition
as is mentioned in the second section of this del, &c.
Mr, PENDLETON. I move to amend section
one hundred and thirty-four by striking out the
word "after," in the twelfth jine. I do it only
for the purpose of making a remaik to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. I desire to call his
attention to the fact that the words he has criti-
cised have been stricken out by the committee, and
therefore they are hardly liable to the criticism
in which he has indulged.
I desire to call his attention to the further fact
that it is not wonderful that upon a single read-
ing of this bill in five minutes by the Clerk he
should find it rather difficult to understand alfits
