1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
Laws 'of the United States.
38th Oono-.;..1sx Sess.
to the^amount aforesaid; and such examination,
reportj'-and conveyance, by patents, shall con-
tinue from time to time, in like manner, until said
road shall have been completed. And the Presi-
dent shall appoint said commissioners,fill vacan-
cies in said commission, as provided in relation
to other roads mentioned in the act to which this
is an amendment. And the said company shall
be entitled to all the privileges and immunities
granted to the Hannibal and Saint Joseph's Rail-
road Company by the said last-mentioned act, so
faras the same may be applicable: Provided, That
no Government bonds shall be issued to the said
Burlington and Missouri River Railroad Com-
pany to aid in the construction of said extension
of its road: And provided farther, That said ex-
tension shall be completed within the period of
ten years from the passage of this act.
Sec. 21. Andbeitfurther enactpd, That before any
land granted by this act shall be conveyed to any
company or party entitled thereto under this act,
there shall first be paid into the Treasury of the
United States, the cost of surveying, selecting, and
convening thesame, by the said company or party
in interest, as the titles shall be required by said
company, which amount shall, without any
further appropriation, stand to the credit of the
proper account, to be used by the Commissioner
of the-General Land Office for the prosecution
of the survey of the public lands al-ong the line
of said road, and so from year- to year until the
whole shall be completed, as provided under the
provisions of this act.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That Con-
gress may, at any time, alter, amend, or repeal
this act.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXV1I.—An Act granting Lands to aid
in the Construction of a Railroad and Telegraph
Line from Lake Superior to Puget's Sound,
on the Pacific Coast, by the Northern Route.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That Richard D. Rice, John A. Poore,
Samuel P. Strickland, Samuel C. Fesse-nden,
Charles P. Kimball, Augustine Haines, Edwin
R. W.'Wiggin, Anson P. Morrill, Samuel J. An-
derson, of Maine; Willard Sears, f.S. Wnhing-
ton, Josiah Perham, James M. Becket, A. W.
Banfield, Abiel Abbott, John Newell, Austin L.
Rogers, Nathaniel Greene, jr., Oliver Frost,
John A. Bass, John 0, Bresbrey, George Shiv-
erick,Edward Tyler, Filander J. FomstaII, Ivory
H. Pope, of Massachusetts; George Opdylte,
Fairley Holmes, John Huggins, Philander Reed,
George Briggs, Chauncy Yibbard, John C. Fie-
mont, of New York; Ephraim Marsh, John P.
Jackson, jr., of New Jersey; S.M. Felton, John
Toy, O. j. Dickey, B, F. Archer, G. W. Cass,
J. Edgar Thompson, John A. Green, of Penn-
sylvania; T. M. Allyn, Moses W. Wilson,
Horace Whittaker, Ira Bliss, of Connecticut;
Joseph A. Gilmore, Onslow Stearns, E. P. Emer-
son, Frederick Smyth, William E. Chandler, of
New Hampshire; Cyrus Aldnch, H. M. Rice,
John McKusick, H. C. Waite, Stephen Miller,
of Minnesota; E. A. Chapin, John Gregory
Smith, George Morrill, of Vermont; James Y.
Smith, William S. Slater, Isaac H. Southwick,
Earl P. Mason, of Rhode Island; Seth Fuller,
William Kellogg;, (J. S. Grant, William B. Ogden,
William G. Greene, Leonard Sweat, Henry W.
Blodgett, Porter Sheldon, of Illinois; J,. M. Wm-
cliell,' Elsworth Cheesebrough, James S. Emery,
of Kansas; Richard F. Perkins, Richard Chenery
Samuel Bran nan,George Row land, Henry Piatt, of
California; William F."Mercer, James W. Brown-
ley, of Virginia; John H. B. Latrobe, W. Pres.
co'tt Smith, of Mary land; Greenbury Slack, A.J.
Boreman, of West Virginia; Thomas E. Bram-
lette, Frank Shorin, of Kentucky; John Brough,
John A. Bingham, Oran Follett, John Gardner,
S. S. L'Ho.nmedicu, Harrison G. Blake, Phlio
Chamberlin, of Ohio; John A. Duncan, Samuel
M. Harrington, of Delaware; Thomas A. Mor-
ris, Jesse L. Williams, of Indiana; Samuel L.
Case, Henry L. Hall, David H.Jerome, Thomas
D. Gilbert, C. A. Trowbridge, ofMiclngan; Ed-
ward H. Broadhfead, Alexander Mitchell, Ben-
jamin Fergus#!!, Levi Sterling, Maishal,of
Wisconsin; J. C. Ainsworth,Orlando Humason,
H. W. Coibett, Henry Failling, of Oregon; J.
B. S. Todd, M. K. Armstrong, J. Shaw Greg-
ory, J. Le Berge, of Dakota Territory; JoimMul-
lan, Anson G. Henry, S. D. Smith, Charles
Terry, of Washington Territory; H. W. Starr,
Piatt Smith, Nixon Denton, William Leighton,
B. F. Allen, Reuben Noble, John L. Davies, of
Iowa; Willard P. Hall, George R. Smith, H.
Gayle King, John C. Sargeant, of Missouri;
William H. Wallace, of Idaho Territory; J. H.
Lathrop, Henry Dv Cooke, H. E. Merrick, of
the District of Columbia, and all such other per-
sons who shall or may be associated with them,
and their successors, are hereby created and
erected into a body-corporate and politic, in deed
and in law, by the name, style, and title of the
" Northern Pacific Railroad Company," and by
that name shall ha-ve perpetual succession, and
shall be able to sue and to be sued, plead and be
impleaded, defend and be defended, in all courts
of law and equity within the United States, and
may make and have a common seal. And said
corporation is hereby authorized and empowered
to layout, locate, construct, furnish, maintain,
and enjoy a continuous railroad and telegraph
line, with the appurtenances, namely, beginning
at a point on Lake Superior, in the State of Min-
nesota or Wisconsin; thence westerly by the
most eligible railroad route, as shall be determ-
ined by said company, within the territory of
the United Slates, on a line north of the forty-fifth
degree of latitude to some point on Puget's Sound,
with a branch, via the valley of the Columbia
river, to a point at or near Portland, in the State
of Oregon, leaving the main trunk line at the
most suitable place, not more than three hundred
miles from its western terminus; and is hereby
vested with all the powers, privileges, and im-
munities necessary to carry into effect the pur-
poses of this act as herein set forth. The capital
stock of said company shall consistofonemillion
shares of one hundred dollars each, which shall
in all respects be deemed personal property, and
shall be transferable in such manner as the by-
laws of said corporation shall provide. Tlie per-
sons hereinbefore named are hereby appointed
commissioners, and shall be called the board of
commissioners of the "Northern Pacific Railroad
Company," and fifteen shall constitute a quo-
rum for the transaction of business. The first
meeting of said board of commissioners shall be
held at the Melodion hall, m the city of Boston,
at such time as any five commissioners herein
.named from Massachusetts shall appoint, not
more than three months after the passage of this
act, nonce of which shall be given by them to the
other commissioners by publishing said notice in
at least one daily newspaper m the citiesof Bos-
ton, New York, Philadelphia, Cincinnati, Mil-
waukee, and Chicago, once a week at least four
weeks previous to the day of meeting. Said
board shall organize by the choice from its num-
ber of a president, vice president, secretary, and
treasurer, and they shall require from said treas-
urer such bonds as may be deemed proper, and
may from time to time increase the amount thereof
as they may deem proper. The secretary shall
be sworn to the faithful performance ofhis duties,
and such oath shall be entered upon the records
of the company, signed by him, and the oath
verified thereon. The president and secretary
of said board shall in like manner call all other
tneetings, naming the time and place thereof. It
shall be the duty of said board of commissioners
to open books, or cause books to be opened, at
such times, and in such principal cities or other
places in the United States, as they, or a quorum
of them, shall determine, within six monthsafter
the passage of this act, to receive subscriptions
to the capital stock of said corporation, and a cash
payment of ten per centum on all subscriptions,
and to receipt therefor. So soon as twenty thou-
sand shares shall in good faith be subscribed for,
and ten dollars per share actually paid into the
treasury of the company, the said president and
secretary of said boaid of commissioners shall
appoint a time and place for the first meeting of
the subscribers to the stock of said company, and
shall give notice thereof in at least one news-
paper in each State in which subscription books
have been opened, at least fifteen days previous
to to the day of meeting, and su-eh subsertbetsas
shall attend the meeting so-called, either iA
son or by lawful proxy, then and there shall
elect by ballot' thirteen- directors for said-corpo-
ration; and in such election each shape of fen id
capital stock shall entitlethe owner thereof to-one
vote. The president and- secretary of-thc lioa'rd
of commissioners, and, in case of thetr nbsencc
or inability, anytwo of the officers of said board,
shall act as inspectors-of said eteotion', and-shall
certify under their hands the names of tlie-direct-
ors elected at said meeting; and the said commis-
sioners, treasurer, an-d secretary, shall then dee-
liver over to said- directors all the properties,
subscription books, and other books in their pos-
session, and thereupon thedutiesofsaid comttMs*-
sioners, and the officers previously appointed by
them, shall cease and determine forevej', and
thereafter the stockholders shall constitute sttid
body-politic and corporate. Annual meetings
of the stockholders of the said corporation for the
choice of officers (when they are to be chosen)
and for the transaction of business (shall be hoi den
at such time and place and upon - such notice as
may be prescribed in tjje by-laws.-.>
1 Sec.2. Andbeit further enacted, Thattheright
of way through the public lands be,and the same
is hereby, granted to said" Northern Pacific Rail-
road Company," its successors and1 assigns, for
the construction of a railroad and-telegraph as
proposed; and the right, power, and authority is
hereby given to said corporation to take from the
public lands, adjacent to the line of said road, ma-
terial of earth, stone, timber, and so forth, for the
construction thereof. Said way is granted to said
railroad to theextentof two hundred feet in width
on each side of said railroad where it may pass
through the public domaiij, including all neces-
sary ground forstation buildings,-workshops, de-
pots, machine shops, switches, side tracks, turn-
tables, and water-stations; and the right of way
shall be exempt from taxation within the Territo-
ries of the United States. The UnitedStates shall
extinguish, as rapidly as may be consistent with
public policy and the welfare of the said Indians,
the Indian titles to all lands falling under the oper-
ation of this act, and acquired in the donation to
the [road] n&med in this bill.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That there be,
and hereby is, granted to the " Northern Pacific
Railroad Company," its successors and assigns,
for the purpose of aiding in the construction of
said railroad and telegraph line to the Pacific ccftist,
and to secure the safe and speedy transportation
of the mails, troops, munitions of war, and public
stores, over the route of said line of railway, every
alternate section of public land, not mineral, des-
ignated by odd numfcers, to the amount of twenty
alternate sections per mile, on each side of said
railroad line, as said company may adopt, through
the Territoriesof the United States, and ten alter-
nate sections of land per mile on each side of said
railroad whenever it passes through any State,
and whenever on the line thereof, the United States
have full title, not reserved, sold, granted, or other-
wise appropriated, and free from preemption, or
other claims or rights, at the time the line of said
road is definitely fixed, and a plat thereof filed in
the office of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office; and whenever, prior to said time,
any of said sections or parts of sections shall have
been granted, sold, reserved, occupied by home-
stead settlers, or preempted, or otherwise dis-
posed of, other lands shall be selected by said
company in lieu thereof, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, in alternate sections,
and designated by odd numbers, not more than
ten miles beyond the limits of said alternate sec-
tions: Provided, That if said route shall be found
upon the line of any other railroad route to aid in
the construction of which lands have been here-
tofore granted by the United States,as far as the
routes are upon the same general line, the amount
of land heretofore granted shall be deducted from
the amount granted by this act: Provided further,
That the railroad company receiving the previous
grant of land may assign their interest to said
" Northern Pacific Railroad Company," or may
consolidate, confederate, and associate with said
companyupon the terms named in the first section
ofthis act: Provided further, Thatall mineral hinds
be, and the same are hereby, excluded from the
