254
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
38th CojfG....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
operations of this act, and in lieu thereof a like
quantity of unoccupied and unappropriated agri-
cultural lands, in odd-numbered sections, nearest
to the.line of said road, may be selected as above
provided: Jlnd provided further, That the word
" mineral," when it occurs in this act, shall not be
held to include iron or coal: .find provided f m:ther,
That no money shall be drawn from the Treasury
of the United States to aid in the construction of
the said Northern Pacific railroad.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever said " Northern Pacific Railroad Company "
shall have twenty-five consecutive miles of any
portion of said railroad and telegraph line ready
for the service contemplated, the President of the
United States shall appoint three commissioners
to examine the same, and if it shall appear that
twenty-live consecutive miles of said road and tel-
egraph line have been completed in a good, sub-
stantial, and workmanlike manner, as in all other
respects required by this act, the commissioners
shall so report to the President of the United
States, and patents of lands, as aforesaid, shall be
issued to said company,confirming to said com-
pany the right and title tojsaid lands, situated op-
posite to, and coterminous with, said completed
section ofsaid road; and, from time to time, when-
ever twenty-five additional consecutive miles shall
have been constructed, completed, and in readi-
ness as aforesaid, and verified by said commis-
sioners to the President of the United States, then
patents shall be issued to said company convey-
ing the additional sections of land as aforesaid,
and so on as fast as every twenty-five miles of
saidroad is completed asaforesaid: Provided,That
not more than ten sections ofland per mile, as said
road shall be completed, shall ho conveyed to said
company for all that part of said railroad lying
east of the western boundary of the Stale of Min-
nesota, until the whole of said railroad shall be
finished and in good lunningorder, as a first-class
I'ailroad, from the place of beginning on LakeSu-
perior to the western boundary of Minnesota:
jPiovided, also, Thut lands shall not be granted
under the provisions of this act on account of any
railroad, or part thereof, constructed at the date
of the passage of this act.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That said
Northern Pacific railroad shall be constructed in
a substantial and workmanlike manner, with all
the necessary draws, culverts, bridges, viaducts,
crossings, turnouts, stations, and watering places,
and all other appurtenances, including furniture,
androllingstock, equal m all respects to latlroads
of the first class, when prepared for business, with
rails of the best quality, manufactured from Amer-
ican iron. And a uniform gauge shall be estab-
lished throughout the entire length of the road.
And there shall be constructed a telegraph line,
of the most substantial and approved description,
to be operated along the entire line: Provided,
That the said company shall not charge the Gov-
ernment higher lates than they do individuals for
like transportation and telegraphic service. And
it shall be theduty of the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company to permit any other rail road which shall
be authorized to be built by the United States, or
by the Legislature of any Territory or State in
which the same may be situated, to form running
connections with it, on fair and equitable terms.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, Thatthe Pres-
ident of the United States shall cause the lands to
be surveyed for forty miles in width on both sides
of the entire line of said road, after the general
route shall be fixed, and as fast as may be re-
quired by the construction of said railroad; and
the odd sections of land heieby granted shall not j
be liable to sale, or entry, or preemption before i
or after they are surveyed, except by said com-
pany, as provided in this act; but the provisions
of the act of September, eighteen hundred and
foity-one, granting preemption rights, and the
acts amendatory thereof, and of the act entitled
"An act to secuie homesteads to actual settlers
on the public domain," approved May twenty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, shall be,and the
same are hereby, extended to all other lands on
the line of said road, when surveyed, excepting
those hereby granted to said company. Anil the
reserved alternate sections shall not be sold by
the Government at a pi ice less than two dollars
and fifty cents per anc, when offeied for :-alc.
Sec. 7. Andbc it further enacted, That the said
"Northern Pacific Railroad Company" be, and
is hereby, authonzed and empowered to enter
upon, purchase, take, and hold any lands or prem-
ises that may be necessary and proper for the con-
struction and working of said road, not exceed-
ing in-width two hundred feet on each side of the
line of its railroad, unless a greater width be re-
quired for the purpose of excavation or embank-
ment; and also any lands or premises that may
be necessary and proper for turnouts, standing
places for cars, depots, station houses, or any
other structures required in the construction and
working of said road. And the said company
shall have the right to cut and remove trees and
other material that might, by falling, incumber
its road-bed, though standing or being more than
two hundred feet from the line of saidroad. And
in case the owner of such lands or premises and
the said company cannot agree as to the value of
the premises taken, or to be taken, for the use
of said road, the value thereof shall be determ-
ined by the appraisal of three disinterested com-
missioners, who may be appointed, upon appli-
cation by either party, to any court of record in
any of the Territories in which the lands or prem-
ises to be taken lie; and said commissioners, in
their assessment of damages, shall appraise such
premises at what would have been the value
thereof if the road had not been built. And upon
return into court of such appraisement, and upon
the payment into the same of the estimated value
of the premises taken for the use and benefit of
the owner thereof, said premises shall be deemed
to be taken by said company, which shall thereby
acquire full title to the same for the purposes
aforesaid. And either party feeling aggrieved at
said appraisement may, within thirty days after
the same has been icturned into court, file an ap-
peal therefrom, and demand a jury of twelve men
to estimate the damage sustained; but such ap-
peal shall not interfere with the rights of said
company to enter upon the premises taken, or to
do any act necessary and proper in the construc-
tion of its road. And said party appealing shall
give bonds, with sufficient surety or sureties, for
the payment of any cost that may arise upon
such appeal; and in case the party appealing does
not obtain a verdict, increasing or diminishing,
as the case may be, the award of the commis-
sioners, such party shall pay the whole cost in-
curred by the appellee, as well as his own, and
the payment into court, for the use of the owner
of said premises taken, of a sum equal to that
finally awarded, shall be held to vestm said com-
pany the title of said land,and of the right lo use
and occupy the same for the construction, main-
tenance, and operation of said road. And in case
any of the lands to be taken, as aforesaid, shall
be held by any infant, femme covert, non compos,
insane person, or persons residing without the
Territory within which the lands to be taken lie,
or persons subjected to any legal disability, the
court may appoint aguardian for any party under
any disqualification, to appear in proper person,
who shall give bonds, with sufficient surety or
sureties, for the proper and faithful execution of
his trust, and who may represent in court the
person disqualified,as aforesaid,from appearing,
when the same proceedings shall be had in refer-
ence to the appraisement of the premises to be
taken for the use of said company, and with the
same effect as has been already described; and
the title of the company to the lands taken bjf
virtue of this act shall not be affected or impaired
by reason of any failure by any guardian to dis-
charge faithfully Ins trust. And in case any party
shall have a right or claim to any land-for a term
of years, or any inteicst therein, in possession,
reversion, or remainder, the value of any such
estate, less than a fee simple, shall be estimated
and determined in the manner hereinbefore set
forth. And m ease it shall be necessary for the
company to enter upon any lands which are un-
occupied, and of which there is noapparentowner
or claimant, it may proceed to take and use the
same for the purposes of said railroad, and may
institute proceedings, in manner described, for
the purpose of asceitaining the value of, and of
acquiring tille to, the same; but the judge of the
court hearing said suit shall determine the kind
of notice to lie served on such owner or owners,
and he may in its discretion appoint an agent or
guardian to represent such owner or owners in
case of his or their incapacity or non-appearance.
But in case no claimant shall appear within six
years from the time of the opening of said road
across any land, all claims to damages against
said company shall be barred.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thateachand
every grant, right, and privilege herein are so
made and given to, and accepted by, said North-
ern Pacific Railroad Company, upon and subject
to the following conditions, namely: That the
said company shall commence the work on said
road within two years from the approval of this
act by the President, and shall complete not less
than fifty miles per year after the second year,
and shall construct, equip, furnish, and complete
the whole road by the fourth day of July, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and seventy-six.
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatthe Uni-
ted States make the several conditional grants
herein, and that the said Northern Pacific Rail-
road-Company accept the same, upon thefurther
condition that if the said company make any
breach of the conditions hereof, and allow the
same to continue for upwards of one year, then,
in such case, at any time hereafter, the United
States, by its Congress, may do any and all acts
and things which may be needful and necessary
to insure a speedy completion of the said road.
Sec.-10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all peo-
ple of the United States shall have the right to
subscribe to the stock of the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company until the whole capital named
in this act of incorporation is taken up, by com-
plying with the terms of subscription; and no
mortgage or construction bonds shall ever be
issued by said company on said road, or mort-
gage, or lien made in any way, except by the
consent of the Congress of the United States.
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it further enacted, That said
Northern Pacific railroad, or any part thereof,
shall be a post routaand a military road, subject
to the use of the United States, for postal, mili-
tary, naval, and all other Government service,
and also subject to such regulations as Congress
may impose restricting the charges for such Gov-
ernment transportation.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
acceptance of the terms, conditions, and impo-
sitions of this act by the said Northern Pacific
Railroad Company shall be signified in writing
under the corporate seal of said company, duly
executed pursuant to the direction of its board of
directors first had and obtained, which acceptance
shall be made within two years after the passage
of this act, and not afterwards, and shall be served
on the President of the United States.
Sec. 13. .indbe it further enacted, That the direct-
ors of said company shall make an annual report
of their proceedings and expenditures, verified by
the affidavits of the president and at least six of
the directors, and they shall, from time to time,
fix, determine, and legulate the fares, tolls, and
charges to be received and paid for transporta-
tion of persons and property on said road, or any
part thereof.
Sec. 14. Jhidbc iifurlher enacted, That the direct-
ors chosen in pursuance of the first section of
this act shall, so soon as may be after their elec-
tion, elect from their own number a president and
vice president; and said board of directors shall,
from time to time, and so soon as may be after
their election, choose a treasurer and secretary,
who shall hold their offices at the will and pleasure
of the board of directors. The treasurer and sec-
retary shall give such bonds, with such security
as tile said board from time to time may require.
The secretary shall, before entering 'upon his
duty, he sworn to the faithful discharge thereof,
and said oath shall be made a matter of record
upon the books of said corporation. No person
shall be a director of said company unless he shall
be a stockholder, and qualified to vote for directors
at the election at which he shall be chosen.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That the
president,vice president,and directors shall hold
their offices for the period indicated in the by-laws
of said company, not exceeding three years, re-
spectively, and until others are chosen in their
place, and qualified. In case it shall so happen
that an election of directors slmll not be made on
