836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Theamendmentsofthe Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union were severally read and
agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
"The latter motion was agreed to.
BONDED GOODS.
Mr. STEVENS. There is a bill in the Com-
mittee of the "Whole on the state of the Union to
extend the time for the withdrawal of goods from
the public stores and bonded warehouses, which
I hope the House will now take up and pass. It
will not take up fifteen minutes, and will put a
great deal of revenue into the Treasury. It has
been reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means. If there bo no objection, I move that tiie
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
be discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be now considered.
* Mr. WARD. I object.
Mr. STEVENS, I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to
take it up.
Mr. WARD. I withdraw my objection to its
being considered in the House, if I am allowed to
offer an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly. I now move that
the Committed of the Whole on the state of the
Union be discharged from the farther considera-
tion of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSCRIPTION, '
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me to make a personal explanation.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to cast my vote on the
conference report on the enrollment bill. When
the vote was taken I was confined to my room by
diphtheria, and could not be present.
Mr. FINCK. I hope that same privilege will
be extended to us on this side who also were
absent.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky was sick at. the time, and I
do not object to his lecording his vote. Out I do
object to all others.
Mr. FINCK. Then I object to the gentleman
from Kentucky voting.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I desire to know
whether this subject isentertanied by unanimous
consent or not?
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Smith] in upon the iloor and address-
ing the House by unanimous consent. The Chair
asked if there was any objection, and then' was
ttuiw,
Mr. MALLOPvY. I wi«h to way to the gentle-
man fiom Ohio that when I asked to record my
vote the other day I expressly said that I was
called from the Hou«e by sickness,and heagain
renewed Ins objection to my recording my vote.
Mr. SCOENCK. i think the gentleman will
find, by turning to the debate on that day, that he
did not ex press himself so stiongly as he now does.
He spoke of Ins being weary and ofgoingaway,
Mr, MALLORV. The gentleman will find
that I made that exact statement.
The SPEAKER. Is theie any objection to
the. gentleman fiom Kentucky [Mr. Smith] re-
coiding his vote?
Objection was made.
Mr. SMITH. I voted for that bill in all its
Stages up to the time 1 was obliged to leave the
Hall. It i had been here at the tune the vote
was taken on the report of the committee of con-
ference, I would have voted foi it.
Mr. FINCK. I deau-c to state that I voted
against the passage of the bill, and hud I been
here at the time of the vote on the adoption of the
report ol'the conference committee, I should have
voted against it.
BONDED GOODS—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call up the lnll from
which the Committee of the Whole waa dis-
charged, before I was interrupted by these ap-
plications to record votes.
The bill which was taken up provides that all
goods, wares, and merchandise, now in public
stores or bonded warehouses, on which duties are
unpaid, and which shall have been in bond more
than one year, and less than three years, at the
time of the passage of this act, may be entered
for consumption, and the bonds canceled at any
time before the 1st of June next on payment of
duties and charges according to law; and repeals
all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the pro-
visions of the bill. The act to take effect from
and after its passage. It also provides that the
term " license," in the first proviso to the fifteenth
section of the act increasing temporarily the duties
on imports, and for other purposes, approved July
14, 1862, shall be held to extend to all vessels au-
thorized by law to engage in the coasting trade,
whether sailing under registers or enrollments and
licenses.
Mr. WARD. I suggest to the gentleman that
he move to amend the bill by striking out" June"
and inserting " September."
Mr. STEVENS. I see no objection to that,
and I move to amend the bill accordingly.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. KALBFLEISCH,
(at fifteen minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 2G, 13G4.
Piayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know that it is a mat-
ter of any consequence, but I obsetve from the
reading of the Journal that it does not contain
any recognition of the fact that the bill (S. No.
76) relating to appointments in the naval service
and the disrating of officers by court-martial was
amended. The amendment is not embodied in
the Journal, although I think it occurred in the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
reflect that that was the action of the Committee
of the Whole. The Journal of the Senate novel-
shows the action in committee.
Mr. GRIMES. It was not the action of the
committee. The amendment was made after the
bill had passed out of committee and had actually
passed the Senate, because I had it reconsidered
m order to get it back into the Sonatft so that I
might amend it. 1 do not know that it is a mat-
ter of any consequence; but I thought perhaps it
might be necessary to have some notice of the
amendment on the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That being the
fact, it being acted on in the Senate, it should be
entered on the Join nal, and if the Senatoi desires
it the Journal will be coireeted.
Mr. GLUMES. 1 do not know what the rule
is about the making up of the Journal
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule is that
the Journal shall show the proceedings of the
Senate.
Mr. G LUMES. If it does not make any differ-
ence with the bill- 
The VICE PRESIDENT. None at all.
Mr. GRIMES. Then it does not make any
dilnience whether it appears on the journal or
not.
The Journal was approved.
VKTITIUNS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 present the petition of
D. M. Harney ami others, contractors upon the
mail route No. 10773, the route leading to Cali-
fornia. They allege that they were engaged in
can ymgthe mail over the southern route called,
until the 1st of July, 1861, when, in consequence
of the rebellion, they wete directed to carry the
mrnl over the central route; that in consequence
of the rebellion and the change of the routes by
the Governmenta large outlay of money has been
incurred by them, and they ask that their con-
tract may be extended for five years in conse-
quence of these extraordinaiy expenditures which
they have incurred. I move that the petition be
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The mot ion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD presented the memorial of
James V. Campbell and others, citizens of De-
troit, Michigan, praying for the formation of a
properly organized ambulance and sanitary corp3
for the armies of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citizens
of Anoka county, Minnesota, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Anoka, by
the wayof Cedar Grove, Bethel, and Linwood,to
Wyoming, m Chicago county; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas in favor of making
only such treaties with the Indian tribes within
that State as will provide for their removal there-
from, and secure to said State the right to tax
such lauds as may be acquired of such tribes as
soon as sales of the same are made; which were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Kansas in favor of an increase of mail ser-
vice on the route fromTopeka to Council Grove,
in that State, to six times a week; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and ordered to be punted.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Oxtered, That the bill of tlie Thiity-Scventh Congress,
(S. No.-Ill*,) with the repoi t ol'the Committee on Foieign
Relations theieon, with accompanying papers on tlie fifes
of the donate, be lutencd to tlie Committee on foreign
Relations.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on Post Of-
fices and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memoiial of A. T. Spencer and G. S. Hubbard,
praying for compensation for services performed
in carrying the mails on their line of steamers be-
tween Chicago and the ports on Lake Superior,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S, No.
136) for the relief of A. T. Spencer and Gordon
S. Hubbard. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to be
pi in ted.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition ofGustavus A. Bel-
zur, praying for compensation for losses sustained
while in the discharge of his duties as sutler of the
seventy-fifth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers,
in consequence of the capture of his goods by the
rebels between Washington, D. C.., and the army
of the Potomac, have directed mo to report ad-
versely against the prayei of the petition, and I
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate that it
may be acted upon now. I move its indefinite post-
poie'ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on,
discharging the committee from the further con-"
sidenU/on of the petition.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Af-
faiis, to whom was leferrcd the memorial of John
CoHioun, commander in the United States Navy,
protesting against the action of the late advisory
honul in withholding fiom him a recommendation
for promotion to which he considers himself en-
titled; also the memorial of Henry French, com-
mander United States Navy, praying that he may
be restored to his rightful position m the Navy,
which he alleges has been wrongfully and un-
justly withheld from him by the board of officers
to scrutinize the active list of the officers of the
Navy; also the petition of George W. Doty, a
lieutenant in tin;Navy, praying that some action
may be taken in relation to the omission, by the
late advisory boaid of naval officers, to recom-
mend him for piomotion ; also the memorial of R.
W. Meade, a commandcr in the United States
Navy, praying for the passage of an act for the
fair and impartial trial of officers to whom injus-
tice has been done by the boaid under the act of
July 16,1862, with the accompanying papers; also
