1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
officer or otherwise. The committee had no juris-
diction of that subject. It is proper that the facts-
should be stated frankly and fully, so that the
House may not act under a misapprehension.
The question whether the sitting member is dis-
qualified by virtue of holding a military commis-
sion, or whether he has, by accepting that mili-
tary commission, resigned his seat, was not be-
fore the committee.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I understood my colleague
[Mr. Brown] to say that the committee were
unanimous in deciding that the sitting member
forfeited his seat in consequence of his accepting
a commission in the Army. t
Mr. GANSON. I would say to the gentleman
from Wisconsin that 1 have no doubt, from my
knowledge of the character of the gentlemen who
compose the Committee of Electionspthat if they
had had any legal proof of the fact that the sitting
member after his election had accepted a commis-
sion as major general in the Army of the United
States, they would have voted to unseat him; but
there was no issue of that kind before the com-
mittee.
Mr. DAWES. As I presume no other gentle-
man desires to address the House upon this case,
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DAWES. 1 stated in the outset of this
discussion the reasons why, in the opinion of the
committee, this question of the major general-
ship had nothing to do with the question before
the House.
I desire now to say a few words in reply to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, who submitted some
views in support of the minority report. The
minority report is of such a strange character that
it is hardly proper for me to pass it by without
some notice, supported as it is by the speech of
the gentleman from Wisconsin. To begin with:
the minority of the committee did not until long
after the report was made and printed indicate
their intention to make a minority report at all.
It was not until the day which had been fixed
for the consideration of the case arriveu, and it
was called up for action, that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ganson] introduced this minor-
ity report. The case has been postponed until
the report was printed, and is now before the
House. The minority report is of such a singu-
lar character that I can only account for it from
the fact that the case has been so long delayed
that these gentlemen of the minority have entirely
forgotten what it is, and the position taken by the
contestant and sitting member before the com-
mittee, or else that it was prepared by some one
who had not been in the committee-room at all,
and never knew anything about-what transpired
at the hearing. I think that is one of the two
conclusions that must necessarily be come to by
every member of the House according to these
gentlemen, as I do, no intention to mislead the
House, but to state this thing precisely as they
understood it.
One allegation in the minority report is that the
committee, of its own motion, departed from the
pleadings in this case in relation to the Abbey
precinct. Mr. Speaker, the committee was in the
habit—and I suppose the gentlemen themselves
did not forget it when they drew up their minor-
ity report—of taking a case as it is presented.
And, as the testimony is taken, if neither party
objects to the positions taken by the otherparty,
• but proceeds to the hearing himself upon those
positions, the committee is in the habitofpresum-
ing these positions to be yielded as sound in mat-
ter of law. When one party produces testimony
which the other party believes to be not covered
by the allegations, it is the custom of the latter to
object to the testimony; and if he does not object,
he is treated by all codrts of law and by the Com-
mittee of Elections as having waived the objec-
tion. That would be a sufficient answer to the
position taken by the minority, for the reason
that the positions taken, the arguments addressed
to the committee both by the contestant and the
sitting member touching the Abbey precinct, and
all the testimony introduced, wore without ob-
jection that the allegations were not broad enough
to reject the whole vote. That of itself would be
sufficient.
But there is another reason. The allegations,
according to the strictest requirements of the law
of 1851 governing this case, were amply sufficient;
and 1 beg the attention of the gentleman from Wis-
consin, and of his colleagues who signed this re-
port, to the reading of it, in order that I may in-
voke their review of the positions taken.
It will be borne in mind that 434 votes werft
cast in the Abbey precinct for the sitting mem-
ber. The allegation in regard to the Abbey pre-
cinct is in these words:
" 1. That at least 400 illegal votes were cast for you at
a precinct known as the Abbey precinct, in said district.
That the persons voting had not been citizens or inhabit-
ants ot the State of Missouri for one year previous jo said
election, nor had they been residents of said district for
three months previous to said election. Many of said voters
were minors nndcr the age of twenty-one years. A list of
the voters whose votes are contested is annexed to and
made a part of the notice."
1 turn to that list atid find that 424 votes were
obtained there. The1 names of the voters are
given, and the allegation is made that every one
of them is a fraudulent vote. Therefore the alle-
gation is as broad as it possibly can be to cover
every-vote cast at the precinct. It is more par-
ticular in that regard than is customary among
contestants and sitting members in cases of this
kind. It is the first case I have known for many
years where the parties have gone so far as to
furnish the names of the voters alleged to be ille-
gal voters. The specification has set out the facts
more precisely, under the law of 1851, than any
case thatnowoccurs to my recollection. So much
as to the sufficiency of the notice touching the
allegations.
This minority report goes further and states
that the Committee of Elections rejected the testi-
mony of Captain Constable, which was introduced
by the sitting member to controvert the testimony
that had been already introduced by the contest-
ant. It was not the committee, Mr. Speaker, that
rejected that testimony. It was ordered by the
House on the 11th of March, 1864, that the testi-
mony then offered be referred to the Committee
of Elections and printed, to be considered by the
committee with otherevidence before them taken
after the time provided by law, with a proviso
that the resolution shall refer only to affidavits and
depositions, and that all such as have been illegally
taken shall not be considered by the committee.
That was a strict inhibition against the consid-
ering of a deposition which is not taken m con-
formity to the law of 1851, and was so designed
by the House. The question was discussed here.
It was urged on the one side and opposed on the
other. It was therefore the House and not the
committee which rejected that deposition and the
statute oftheUnitea States that required the com-
mittee to submit all such testimony to the House
for direction.
The gentlemen are made to say in the minority
report that the committee required the sitting
member to show in the first instance that the votes
for him were legal; and the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Brown] intimated that I took that
position in the remarks I have submitted to-day.
Said the gentleman fromWisconsin, " While the
chairman of the committee concedes the legal po-
sition that he who makes an allegation must prove
it, he requires in this instance the sitting member
to controvert the position before the contestant
is required to introduce testimony." That is an
entire mistake, Mr. Speaker. The gentleman has
misunderstood altogether the report and what I
said.
The committee required the contestant to show
that these were illegal voters. I stated in the
opening of the case what the testimony was upon
which the committee came to the conclusion that
the burden of proof was shifted to the sitting mem-
ber, and that he was required to show the thing
which I said was so easy to show, was so entirely
within his power to show if it existed, and that
the lack of an attempt on his part to show it
added weight to the testimony introduced by the
contestant. But the gentlemen in the minority
have permitted themselves to put their names to
a statement still further wrong in reference to this
subject, and to say there was testimony showing
that the voters who thus cast their votes were le-
gal voters. They have been made by this mi-
nority report to appear to quote in support of this
statement the testimony of a witness named Pas-
quier. This is what is said in their report:
" On what principle of law or common sense is it that
Mr. Blirir is requited to fortify the double presumption of
tbe legality of the votes cast, arising froth, first, their itames
being on the poll-list, and second; from the testimony of
Pasquier, a witness forcontestant, proving them to tie quali-
fied voters, testimony which should,l)e decisive for Mr.
Biair with every fair-minded man, not only because it i3
given by a witness of his opponent, who is manifestly can-
did and truthful, but because the contestant himself could
and unquestionably would have contradicted. U by the rolls
of the quartermaster referred to by the committee, If the
statement had not been true." . . ' • •
And they are made to append to their report
what purports to be an " extract" from the tes-
timony of Pasquier. I am sorry to say that they,
or rather their report, has garbled that testimony.
Mr. GANSON. I will say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that in some way in printing
that report some five or six lines were dropped
out. They were inclosed with the rest of the tes-
timony in that report, and were in some way
omitted by the printer.
Mr. DAWES. Allow me to inquire what was
left out?
Mr. GANSON. A portion of the testimony.
Mr. DAWES. Is it in the mind of the gen-
tleman what was left out?
Mr. GANSON. A part of the direct testi-
mony.
Mr. DAWES. To what point was it directed?
What did the witness testify which the gentle-
man says was left out by accident ?•
Mr. GANSON. It was a portion of his direct
testimony.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware that the gentleman
stated that it was a portion of direct testimony,
but my interrogatory is, what did the witness
testify to that was left out by mistake?
Mr. GANSON. Ileave the House to tell that.
Mr. DAWES. I am glad it was left out by
mistake. I was about to tell the House what
was feft out. I was about to ask the gentleman
to explain how it was that there appears in the
testimony as printed the interrogatories an an-
swer from the fifth to the eighth, and then skips
to the eighteenth interrogatory, which is inserted.
with thenineteenth and twentieth, and then jump's
to the fiftieth without the slightest indication that
it is not a continuous statement. The eighteenth
interrogatory appears as printed in this appendix
to refer to what was printed immediately preced-
ing; the pronouns are by this juxtaposition made
so to refer when in fact they really referred to an
entirely different matter, and thus this so-called
" extract" makes the witness lie right out. Iarti
very sorry that it was left out, but having been
left out by mistake, it is a very singular fact that
these gentlemen of the committee in their minority
report say this witness testifies that certain men
who were legal voters cast their votes there; and
according to the reading of this testimony as
printed it is so, but how is the testimony of the
witness presented to makethatout? He testifies
in one place that Captain Constable had three
hundred or three hundred and fifty teamsters in
his employ, and then he goes on to testify fur-
ther on about six wagon loads of laborers who
are off in another direction by a grocery two or
three miles away; immediately following that
come the following questions and answers:
" Question 18. Did they state where they had been, and
for what purpose ?
"(Objected to by counsel for contestee.)
"jjnswer 18. I think they told me they had just been to
the Abbey, and had voted, nud were going home.
"Question 19. How far was tiie Abbey Uom where you
met them ? , , tr.
 JSnswcr 19. I judge about two miles and a hair.
"Question 20. How tar xs Benton barracks from the
Abbey ?
><Jlnswcr'20. About a mile."
Now, the witness here is testifying about these
six wagon loads of men, but they put the testi-
mony immediately following the three or three
hundred and fifty teamsters in the employ of Cap-
tain Constable, and it is made to appear that they
went and voted at the Abbey precinct, while the
testimony really was that the six wagon loads of
men wont a journey in another direction, two or
three miles off, and only one witness thought
these men said they voted. The witness says in
another part of the testimony that lie did not see
any of the men vote. And that is left out "by
mistake." And in another place that he was not
there that day at all, and thatis left out " by mis-
take." He is asked who the men voted for, and he
answers I don't kno w;" and that is left out too.
Mr. GANSON. We left out everything he
did not know.
