1864.
THE CONGrKESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
837
the memorial of Commander Edmund Lanier,
United States Navy, praying for relief from the
action of the late advisory board in failing to rec-
ommend him for promotion; and also the petition
of Lieutenant Egbert Thompson, United States
Navy, protesting against the action of the late ad-
visory board in failing to recommend him for pro-
motion, have had the same under consideration,
and instructed me to ask to be discharged from
their further consideration.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 17) to
amend the act entitled "An act to establish and
equalize the grades of line officers of the Unied
States Navy," approved July 16,1862, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred, the petition of Laura
M. Newcomb, of Providence, Rhode Island,
widow of the late Commander Henry S. New-
comb, United States Navy, piaying fora pension,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizensof Black Hawk,
Iowa, praying that a pension may be granted to
the widow of Captain Frederick S. Washburn
equal to that of colonel, from the tiri1% of his death,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED. '
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
137) to exclude disloyal persons from the public
lands of the United States; which was read twice
by 3ts titip, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands,-and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimouscon-
seiit obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
138) to regulate proceedings in ca^es between land-
lord and tenant in the Distriotof Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
POSTAGE ON LETTERS.
Mr. DIXON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Office5* and Post
Roads be in-tiacted to inquire whether any legislation is
necessary with repaid to postage upon letters bent to the
President and Vice President of the United States; and
that they report by bill or othciwi«e.
PAYMENT OF PENSIONS.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimouscon-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the repojt of the Commissioner of Pen-
sion* be rcl'circd to thet-'onmmrec on Pensions; an'! that
they foe requited to inquire into and report w iru additional
facilities, if any, are necessity to aid pen>iori a;;cni^ in or-
der to secure the piompt payment ot the claim* due to p< n-
sioncit.
AVATERING PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE. -s>
Mr. FOSTER submitted the following resoffl-
tion; which \\as considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resotred. That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be in-United t<>inquire into th^ expediency vviiid ni^
Peiuis} lva.ini avenue dunng the present session o! L'on-
grCf-s."
REMOVAL Of GENERALS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That tin; Committee on Military Affair* and
the Miiiua be in-rru'-ted to inqmie into the expedient.} of
so aincndni^ tin1 Aitielii^ot Y\ ar to pioluhit to ah nul-
itat v romniaiKlei< below the i'roident ot th<" T-nited riate-s
the power ot lelievmi? uoin duty an\ genentl olncer. eveept
w h< .1 pla< ed Ki ail e>t upon charge- filed. 01 win-a wounds J.
or on Mii^niS cei nfieute of di.-abilify, or upon limited
leave of alxenee. or when captured by {he enenn, lcivnig
with 1 Lie Genera!-in-Cine! ami with department, corps, and
division eommnndei^ tin; powei to enau^e the commands
of their i elective general officer*; and to icport by bill or
othei wise.
11EM0VAL OF GENERAL SCIIOFIELD.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Prudent of the United States be te-
quested to funu-h to tin- Senate eopie.s of any protects lie
in iv have hum Governor oi .State-, in the depaifmeiit of
Miisoun against tlie removal of Major General Sehoiield ii
from the command of that department, if, in his opinion,
they can be furnished without injury to the public service.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill of the Senate (No.
94) to authorize the settlement of the accounts of
Paymaster E. C. Doran.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions; in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (No. 151) making appropriations forthe
naval service for the year ending June 30, 1865;
A bill (No. 230) to extend the time for the with-
drawal of goods from public stores and bonded
warehouses, and for other purposes;
A jointresolution (No. 41) to continue the pay-
ment of bounties;
A joint resolution (No. 42) authorizing pay-
ment of prize money, due to Commander Abner
Read, United States Navy, to his widow, Con-
stance Read; and
A joint resolution (No. 43) authorizing the set-
tlement of the accounts of J. N. Carpenter, a pay-
master in the United States Navy.
PRINTING OF AN AMENDMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to give notice of an
amendment that I intend to offer to the joint res-
olution (S. No. 20) extending the benefits of the
bounty granted by the act of July 22, 1861, to
certain soldiers who entered the service of the
United States prior to May 3,1861. I ask leave
to submit the proposed amendment now, with a
view to have it punted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to introduce an amendment to a juint res-
olution now before the Senate for the purpose of
having it printed. The Chair hears no objection,
and the order to print will be made.
DISQUALIFICATION OF COLOK.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to call up a short
bill, and I move to postpone all prior oiders with
a view of taking it up. It is a bill proposing to
repeal the law which prohibits colored people
from being employed as earners of the mail, which
was reported fiom the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads with an amendment. I desire tQ
havf> that bill taken up and acted upon now.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
62) to remove all disqualification of color m car-
rying the mails was considered as m Committee
of the Whole. It proposes that hereafter no per-
son, by reason of coloi, shall be disqualified fiom
employment m carrying the mails.s
The Committee on PostOffices and Post Roads
reported the bill with tlie following amendmentas
an additional section:
Sfc. 2 he it farther ennrfed, That in the courts oi
the United ftate-5 tiieio shall be no exclusion of an) witne^
on account oi color.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to say a word in
relation to the amendment. In relation to the
bill, it is sufficiently explicit in itself; but the
committee were of the opinion that if persons of
color weic to be employed and rendered eligible
to be employed as carueis of the mail by those
who have contracted to carry the mail and who
wish to employ them, it would be unsafe to com-
mit to their hands the mail, when they could not
themselvesbe witnesses against those who should
violate that mail, steal it, rob it, commit depreda-
tions on it. Inasmuch as in many of the States
personsofcolorcannotbe witnesses in the courts,
we thought it was necessary to add tins section to
make them witnesses in the United btau s couits,
in onlor to render the bill safe to the community.
By our gr-neialhuv, the ruies of evidence in the
courts of fhe United Stairs are the same as those
existing in the paitieular State in which our
courts sit; and therefore in those States where
such a law exists these colored people cannot be
Witnesses, and hence they cannot be safely in-
trusted with the carrying of the mails; but it is
within the power of Congress to render them com-
petent witnesses m (he United States courts, and
therefoie the committee reported the amendment
which is the bccond section of the bill.
J wired, 1 may say, Mr. President, that the
general practice ami the tendency of opinion now
is to take away all disqualification of witnesses
upon any ground, and to leave their testimony, to
go to the jury and the court for them to weigh ifc
and do justice. In many of our States now, even
the parties to an action are competent witnesses;
and no objection in point of law exists in nearly-
all the States on account of a man's religious
sentiments. All those disqualifications have been
swept away, and we think it time to do it here ia
relation to colored people, and to make them com-
petent witnessesin the United States cour.ts. * The
courts and the juries of course will judge of their
credibility. Especially should that be done ifthc
mail is to be committed to tlicir hands.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. When this proposi-
tion was before the Senate at the last session, to
authorize colored persons to carry the mail, I
voted against it. I shall vote against it now; but
if the bill be passed, it seems to me that the amend-
ment proposed bv the committee is proper, that
they shall be made witnessesin the United States
courts. In many of the States colored persons
are excluded from giving testimony where white
persons or any other than colored persons are par-
ties to the suit. That is the law in my own State.
If this bill passes it will authorize these persons
to testify in the Federal courts who are not per-
mitted to testify in the State courts, because the
Federal courts by our statutes adopt the practice
of the State courts as far as practicable.
I am unwilling to pass this bill, believing that
there is no necessity for it. There are plenty of
white persons in the United States competentand
honest and faithful who may discharge all these
duties, and I see no necessity for opening the
carrying of the mails to colored persons. I do
not believe they will, in the ordinary course of
events, prove more competent or more faithful
than white persons'.
It will not be supposed by any one acquainted
with my record that I am not fully anti-slavery
in my views, but I do believe these radical counsels
against the prejudice, it may be, or against the
public sentiment of the country, will produce a re-
action and do great haim instead of good. Eman-
cipation is going on well enough now, and I am
willing to leave it precisely where it is, and I shall
give no vote for the mere purpose of agitation,
which can by possibility do no good. We have
had for the last week discussions upon the sub-
ject of slavery. One question arose in reference
to the railroads in your city here. I feel com-
pelled to say that in my opinion the railroad com-
pany have adopted precisely the best and the
most convenient mode for the transmission of pas-
sengers, white and black; that it is better they be
kept separate. In the present condition of public
opinion, and in the present legislation upon the
subject, that is not only i ight and proper, but the
best course that can be adopted, and I am un-
willing to go into any of this useless agitation
which can result in no possible good.
I believe it is well at this time to look to ques-
tions affecting the interests of white men as well
as the interests of black men, and that the inter-
ests of both at this time are best consulted and
best piomoted by no legislation of this kind. I
know I shall differ with most of my friends, as I
did at the last session of Congress, but I shall
vote against this measure, believing that no good
pin pose will be effected by its passage.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am proud to say
that 1 lepicsent a State the people of which have
intelligence sufficient to sift all testimony pre-
sented, and justice enough to receive the truth
from the hps of individuals without reference to
color. The people of Kansas have long since
eiadicated this much of their prejudices a^amst
the oppressed African. 1 hope, sir, the bill as
amended bv the commutes will pass.
Mi. SAULS BO R Y. 1 h.iil as a u omen of good
the remarks which have fallen fiom the distin-
guished Senatoi from Indiana. 1 think they will
he received by the country with pleasure, and that
the remaiks which have been made here this
morning by that Senator will have a good effect
throughout the country. I shall enter into no
discussion of the merits of the bill now before the
Senate; bull will simply ask this question: where
is the pioctical good to be subserved by the pas-
sage of this bill.* Has the public service suffered
detnment in the past fiom the exclusion of ne-
groes from carrying the mail r Has the mail been
unsafely earned by reason the ex. lusion of
that class of persons? Is there to be any public
