1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong. . ute' Sess.
any day appointed by the by-laws of said com-
pany, the corporation shall not for that excuse be
deemed to be dissolved, but such election maybe
holden on any day which shall be appointed by
the directors. The directors, of whom seven,
including the president, shall be a quorum for the
transaction of business, shall have full power to
make and prescribe such by-laws, rules, and reg-
ulations as they shall deem needful and proper
touching the disposition and management of the
stock, property, estate, and effects of the com-
pany, the transfer of shares, the duties and con-
duct of their officers and servants touching the
election and meeting of the directors, and all mat-
ters whatsoever which may appertain to the con-
cerns of said company; and the said board of
directors may have full power to fill any vacancy
or vacancies- that may occur from any cause or
causes from time to time in their said board. And
the said board of directors shall have power to
appoint such engineers, agents, and subordinates
as may from time to time be necessary to carry
into effect the object of the company, and to do
all acts and things touching the location and con-
struction of said road.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be lawful for the directors of said company to
require payment of the sum of ten per centum
cash assessment upon all subscriptions received
of all subscribers, and the balance thereof at such
times and in such proportions and on such condi-
tions as they shall deem to be necessary to com-
plete the said road and telegraph line within the
time in this act prescribed. Sixty days'previous
notice shall be given of the payments required,
and of the time and place of payment, by publish-
ing a notice once a week in one daily newspaper
in each of the cities of Boston, New York, Phila-
delphia, and Chicago; and in case any stockholder
shall neglect or refuse to pay, in pursuance of such
notice, the stock held by such person shall be for-
feited absolutely to the use of the company, and
also any payment or payments that shall have
been made on account thereof, subject to the con-
dition that the board of directors may allow the
redemption on such terms as they may prescribe.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That the
said company is authorized to accept to its own
use'any grant, donation, loan, power, franchise,
aid, or assistance which may be granted to, or
conferred upon said company by the Congress
of the United States, by the Legislature of any
State, or by any corporation, person, or persons;
and said corporation is authorized to hold and
enjoy any such grant, donation, loan, power,
franchise, aid, or assistance, tT) its own use for
the purpose aforesaid.
Sec. 18. -Jlnd be it farther enacted, That said
Northern Pacific Railroad Company shall obtain
the consent of the Legislature of any State through
which any portion of said railroad line may pass,
previous to commencing the construction thereof;
but said company may have the right to put on
engineers and survey the route before obtaining
the consent of the Legislature.
Sec. 19. Jlnd beitfurther enacted, That unless
said Northern Pacific Railroad Company shall
obtain bona fide subscriptions to the stock of said
company to the amount of two millions of dol-
lars, with ten per centum paid within two years
after the passage and approval of this act, it shall
be null and void.-
Sbc. 20. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
better to accomplish the object of this act, namely,
to promote the public interest and welfare by the
construction of said railroad and telegraph line,
and keeping the same in working order, and to
secure to the Government at all times (but par-
ticularly in time of war) the use and benefits of
the same for postal, military, and other purposes,
Congress mr.y, at any time, having due regard
for the righi? of said Northern Pacific Railroad
Company, add to, alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXVI1I—An Act to quiet the Titles to
Lands within the Rancho Lnguna de Santos
Calle, in the State of California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That it may and shall be lawful for all
purchasers from the grantees or their assigns of
lands within the Rancho Laguna de Santos Calle,
in the State of California, to file, within twelve
months from, the passage of this act, with the
register of the land office at Marysville, appli-
cations describing the lands so purchased by them
respectively, with proofs of bona fide purchase
from the said grantees or their assigns; and, upon
such proofs being found satisfactory, the said
purchasers shall be permitted to enter, according
to the lines of the public surveys, at one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre, the lands so purchased
within the limits of said rancho, as described in
the petition presented to the board of commission-
ers under the act of March 3, 1851, entitled "An
act to ascertain and settle the private land claims
in the State of California," to the extent to which
the lands so purchased have been reduced to pos-
session, and are now held by said purchasers:
Provided, That any person "ivho shall avail him-
self of the provisions of thisactshall be thereafter
debarred any further claim under the grar.tee in
the event of a final confirmation of the grant.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That where
any additional surveys may be found-necessary
to give full effect to this act, the Commissionerof
the General Land Office shall cause such surveys
to be made at the cost of the purchasers, as pro-
vided by the 10th section of the act of May 30th,
1862, entitled " An act, to reduce the expenses of
the survey and sale of the public lands of the
United States:" Provided, That no entry of min-
eral lands or lands reserved for military or other
public uses, shall be permitted under this act,
nor shall any rights acquired under the preemp-
tion laws of the United States be affected hereby;
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the register and receiver of the
proper land' office to receive all applications in
cases presented under this act, pursuant to such
instructions as may be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, and to ad-
judge all such cases as preliminary to a final
decision it} due course of law.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXIX.—An Act to authorize assimilated
Rank to be given to the Warrant Officers of the
United States Navy, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
is hereby authorized, if, in his judgment, it shall
be conducive to the interest of the service, to give
assimilated rank to the warrant officers of the
Navy, viz: boatswains, gunners, carpenters, and
saihnakeis, as follows: After five years of ser-
vice to rank with ensigns; and after ten years'
service to rank with masters.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That, from
and after the passage of this act, the officers
named in the preceding section shall be known
as " warrant officers in the naval service of the
United Stales," and shall be so entered upon the
Naval Register.
Sec. 3. And be it further cnacted, That in all
cases where it has been, or may be,found neces-
sary during the present war to detain in confine-
ment persons found on board of captured vessels,
the expenses of the detention of such persons,
when not chargeable to the proceeds of prize or
other fund, shall be paid out of the appropriation
for defraying the expenses of suits in which the
United States are concerned, and that the ex-
penses of prisoners sentenced by naval court-
martial to confinement in a penitentiary shall be
defrayed from the same fund.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing addition be made to the clerical force now
authorized by law in the Navy Department:
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, two clerks
of the third class and two of the first class.
Bureau of Ordnance, one clerk of the third class.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting, one clerk
of the second class and one clerk of the first class.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap.CCXX «-An Act for increased Facilities of
Telegraph Communication between theAtlantic
and Pacific States and the Territory of Idaho.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the United States Telegraph Com-
pany, aiid their associates, are hereby authorized
to erect a line or lines of magnetic' telegraph be-
tween the Missouri river and the city ofSan Prari-
cisco, in the State of California, on such route
as they may select, to connect with the lines of the
said United States. Telegraph Company, now-
constructed, and being constructed through the
States of the Union. The said company shall
have the use of such unoccupied land of the Uni-
ted States as may be necessary for the right of
way, and materials, and for the establishing of sta-
tions along said line for repairs, notexceeding at
any station one quarter section of land; and such
stations pot to exceed one in fifteen miles on the
average of the whole line} unless said lands shall
be required by the Government of the United
States for railroad or other-purposes: And pro-
vided, That no right to preempt ahy of said lands
under the laws of the United States shall inure
to said company or their agents, or any other
person or persons whatsoever.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
United States Telegraph Company, under the
direction of the President of the United States,
is hereby authorized to erect a line of telegraph
from Fort Hall, by Walla-Walla and the Dalles
and San Francisco to Portland, in the State of
Oregon, and from Fort Hall to Bannock and Vir-
ginia City, in the Territory of Idaho, with the
same privileges as to the right of way, and so
forth, as is provided in the first section of this
act; the United States to have priority in the use
of said lines of telegraph to Oregon and Idaho.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the
aforesaid company is authorized by this act to
send and receive dispatches on payment of the
regular charges for transmission of* dispatches
over any line that may now or hereafter be con-
structed by the authority or aid of Congress, to^
connect with any line Or lines authorized or*
erected by the Riissinn or English Governments,
and that all dispatches received by said line or
lines shall be transmitted in the order of their re-
ception, and the answers thereto shall be deliv-
ered to said United States Telegraph Company
for transmission over their lines to the office
whence the original message watf sent, whenever
so directed by the sender thereof.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sev-
eral railroad companies authorized by act of Con-
gress July one, eighteen hundred a d sixty-two,
are authorized to enter into arrangements with
the United States. Telegraph Company so that
the line of telegraph between the Missouri river
and San Francisco may be made upon and along
the line of said railroad and branches as fast as
said i-oads and branches are built, and if said ar-
rangements be entered into and the transfer of
said telegraph line be made in accordance there-
with to the line of said railroads and branches,
such transfer shall, for all purposes of the act
referred to, be held and considered a fulfillment
on the part of said railroad companies of the pro-
vision of the act in regard to the construction of
a telegraph line; and, in case of disagreement,
said telegraph company are authorized to remove
their line of telegraph along and upon the line of
railroad therein contemplated, without prejudice
to the rights of said railroad companies.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Ciiap. CCXXI.—An Act in relation'to the Sale
of Reservations of the Public Lands.
Be *it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America i/a Congress
assembled, That whenever any reservation of
public lands shall be brought into market under
existing laws, it shall be lawful for the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to fix a min-
imum price, not less than one dollar and twenty-
five cents per acre, below which such lands shall
not be disposed of.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXXII.—An Act relating to the Law of
Evidence in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That on the trial of any issue joined, or
of any matter or question, or on any inquiry aris-
ing in any suit, action, or other proceeding in
any court of justice in the Dishict of Columbia,
