1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is m
on the Committee of Ways and Means whether
it is not his intention to make this section so read
as to allow deeds, mortgages,and titles, executed
without being stamped, to be made valid ifstamped
before being used; but at the same time to make
every other description of instrument, in respect
to which the law requiring stamps to be affixed
is not complied with, absolutely invalid. I am
willing, so far as the title of land is concerned,
to allow the deed to become valid on affixing a
proper stamp; but 1 think itis opening rather too
wide a door to allow that provision to apply to
every description of paper.
Mr. PENDLETON. In reply to the gentle-
man from Vermont, I must say that I much prefer
that none of these papers should become abso-
lutely invalid, in consequence of a failure to ap-
ply to tiiem the proper stamp. I am in favor of
imposing penalties for a failure to affix the stamps.
I am m favor of requiring every proper means
to be adopted for collecting this tax; but I myself
would prefer not to make these legal instruments
absolutely invalid in consequence of the failure
of the parties to apply the proper stamps.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. PENDLETON. I now move to strike
out section one hundred and fifty-one.
The CHAIRMAN. That has already been
done.
Mr. PENDLETON. I was not aware that it
hod been.
Mr. KASSON. There is one omission to which
I desire to call the attention of the gentleman from
Ohio. It was found necessary in connection wtih
the opeiations of the Post Office Department to
enact a law imposing penalties for canccling, for
erasing the canceling maiks on postage stamps,
for the purpose of using the same stamps again.
Those stamps were of small value; but the rev-
enue stamps are of great tfalue, and such a pro-
vision is still more needed in respect to them than
in respect to postage stamps. If there is any
provision in the bill covering this point, it has
escaped my notice. I merely call the attention of
the gentleman to it.
Mi. PENDLETON. If the gentleman pro-
poses to move an amendment, I hope he will also
include the stamps included in schedule C.
Mr. KASSON. With the consentof the com-
mittee I propose that the section be passed over,
until somcoppoitunity be had for consultation in
reference to the amendment I have suggested.
There was no objection.
Mr. UPSON. 1 will suggest that in section
one hundred and fifty-six the words " his or
her initials and" should be struck out, in order
to make it conform to the amendment already
adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is correct.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GANSON. I move to strike out section
one hundred and fifty-nine, as follows:
Sec. 359. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thattheacceptoror
acceptors of any bill of exchange or order for the payment
of any sum of money drawn, or purporting to be drawn, in
anv foreign country, but payable in the United States, shall,
before paving or accepting the same, place thereupon a
stamp, indicating the duty upon the sumo, as the law re-
quires for inland bills of exchange, or prombsoiy notes*,
and no bill o' exchange shall be paid or negotiated without
such stamp; and il any peison shall pay or negotiate, or
offer in payment, or receive or take m payment, any such
draft or order, the person or persons so otiending shall for-
feit the sum of $100.
It strikes me, Mr. Chairman, that where bills
are drawn in Canada on a person in any one of
the States, it is scarcely right to require the per-
son on whom they are drawn to affix one of these
stamps. I think it would interfere with thelegiti-
mate business between the two countries. We
shall derive very little revenue from it, and it will
prove to be agieat inconvenience.
Mr. HOOFER. I will say to the gentleman
from New York that if he draws a bill on Can-
ada, the person on whom it is drawn will make
a charge for affixing a stamp, or if there be no
stamp duty there, it certainly is the case if he
draws upon England.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. UPSON. I would like to know whether
the expression in section one hundred and sixty—
Whenever any bond or note shall besccured by a mort-
gage, but one stamp duty shall be lequircd to be placed on
such papers: Provided, That the stnnjp duty placed thereon
is the highest late required for said mstrumeuts3 or either
of thelit-
is not one wliich nppds to be considered a little?
Mr. FENTON. The same provision is con-
tained in the law as it now stands.
Mr. GANSON. I move to amend section one
hundred and sixty-one by striking out all after
the enacting clause down to and including the
woid 14 provided," in the fifteenth line, as follows:
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue be, and is
hereby, authorized to sell to and supply collectors, deputy
collectors, postmasters, stationer5!, or any other persons, at
his discretion, with adhelive stamps, or stamped paper,
vellum, oi pjiehment, as herein piovided for, in amounts
of not less than fiity dollars, upon the payment, at the time
of dehvuiy, of the amount of duties said stamps, stamped
paper, vellum, oi parchment, so sold or supplied, represent,
and may allow, upon the aggregate nmount of such stamps,
as atoiesaid, the sum of not exceeding five per cent, as
eommisfion to the colleetois, postm:i>ter?, stationers, or
other puichasers; but the cost of any paper, vellum, or
parchment shall be paid by the purchaser of such stamped
paper, vellum, or parchment, as aforesaid: Prov.ded.
I think it should be made the duty of the De-
partment to pi ovide collectors with these stamps,
so that they may distiibute them to persons de-
siring to purchase. I do not sec any propriety
m allowing these officers a commission of five
per cent, for selling the stamps. It is made ob-
ligatory upon every peison drawing one of these
instruments to put a stamp on it, and the sale of
these stamps will not, therefore, be increased by
any provision of this kind. It is taking five per
cent, out of the revenues that ought to go to the
country, and for that leason I do not see any pro-
priety in this allowance. So far as convenience
is concerned, I would make it the duty of the
Commissioner to see that these collectors had
these stamps upon hand from time to time, so
that they might sell them to any person who is
compelled to use them m his business.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KERNAN. I move to strike out in the
one hundred and sixty-first section the words
" and may allow, upon the aggregate amount of
such stamps as aforesaid, the sum of not exceed-
ing five per cent, as commission to the collectors,
postmasters, stationers, or other purchasers."
Mr. MORRILL. I call the gentleman's atten-
tion to section one hundred and seventy.
Mr. KERNAN. I want to say that I do not
think that we should enable this class of officers
to make this five per cent. There is no need of
this. Banks have to keep these stamps on hand
and supply them without compensation. Why,
then, should these men -make five per cent, out of
the Government? It is not necessary.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust that the amendment
will not prevail. I know banks where the cash-
iers did this business gratuitously, and they have
since refused to allow it to be done, it was so"
much trouble.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sfo. 162. %3.nd be it further enacted, Thatitshall be law-
ful for any person to pr< >ent to the a-^o-^or of the district,
subject to the mles and regulations o{ the Commipsionerol
Internal Revenue,any instrument, and require his opinion
whether or not the same is ehaigeable with any duty; and
if the said Commissioner t-hall be of opinion that such in-
strument is chargeable with any stamp duty, he &Uall, upon
the payment theieot, aftW and cancel the pioper stamp;
and if of ttie opinion that such monument not charge-
able with any stamp duty, it .shall be lawful for him, and lie
is hereby required, to impress theieon a particulai stamp,
to be provided for that purpose, with f-ueh word or vvoids
or device thereon as he shall judge pioper, which shall s(g_
ntfy and denote that such instrument is not chargeable with
any stamp duty, or is chargeable only with the duty by him
designated; and every such instrument upon which the said
stamp shall be impies-sPd shall be deemed to be not charge-
able, or to be chaigeable only by such word or words ot
device as shall be designated, and shall be received in evi-
dence in all courts of law or equity, notwithstanding any
objections made to the same by reogpn of its being un-
stamped or of its being insufficiently Marnped.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to strike out the
word "assessor" wheie it first occuis and to in-
sert (t collector;" before the word "duty" insert
"stamp;" and strike out" Commissions " where
it occuis the second time and insert " collector."
Mr. BOUTWELL. The papers which have
been presented thus far have been papers in ref-
erence to which doubt existed whether they re-
quired stamps. To authorize the colleetois to
settle these quesuons is not right. They are
business men and not competent to settle these
questions. I am opposed to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GANSON. The gentleman should annex
to that section a provision for punishing collect-
ors for improperly putting these stamps of Ex-
emption on papers.
Mr. PENDLETON. There'is a sectioxtfor
penalties which will cover rill of these cases.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to insert these
words, " or is chargeable only with the duty by
him designated;" so that it will reads
And if of the opinion that such instrument is not charge-
able with any stamp duty, or is chargeable only with the
duty by him designated, it shall be lawful for him, and he
is hereby required, to impress thereon a particular stamp,
&c. . r' <
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to strike out the
words "it shall be lawful for him," "or," and
" signify and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to strike out the
words " by him designated " and to insert in lien
thereof" denoted by the stamp affixed."
Mr. THAYER. What practical use are all
the provisions contained in this section after you
have destroyed the provision in reference to the ,
validity of the instrument? The only reason which
existed to create a tribunal to deciae in reference
to the stamp to be affixed was to prevent an in-
strument from being void. So long as that'has
been destroyed I do not see what use these pro-
visions are.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to say in re-
sponse to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
the objcct of this section is to enable persons who
desire to comply with the law to go to the au-
thorized officer of the Government to ascertain
whether any stamp is necessary, and if so what
stamp.
The gentleman says that is not necessary, be-
cause we have stricken out the provision which
lenders invalid an instrument which is issued
without a proper stamp. But I submit to him
that while we have stricken out the provision
which lenders it invalid, we have imposed a pen-
alty which is to be avoided by the exercise of the
rules prescribed by this section; and we have
also prevented an instrument from being valid as
an instrumentof evidence until a stamp isaffixed,
and in that case it^will he neccssary for a court,
perhaps, to determine what will be the proper
amount of the stamp. By this section on which
we are no w engaged these difficulties are obviated.
A man who issues a stamp will, if he takes the
precaution here indicated, never be subject to an
indictment for an infraction of this law, and a man
wishing to introduce a document in evidence in a
court will never find it subject to the objection
that it has not the proper stamp affixed to it, or
to be turned out of court, or to have the court
delayed until he can procure the proper stamp.
Mr. THAYER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman how he could possibly convict a man of
an intention to defraud the Government by the
omi«sion to use a stamp?
Mr. PENDLETON. Why, if you prove the
fact by the collector, whose duty it is to inform
a party what the proper stamp is, and who re-
sides in the city, place, or neighborhood where
the man issued the unstamped instrument, that
he did not make of him the inquiry, the pre-
sumption arises that he issued the instrument
intending to evade the law.
Mr. THAYER. 1 deny that the presumption
of law would bo such as the gentleman supposes.
On the contrary, the presumption of law would
be in favor of his innocence, and that the omis-
sion may have arisen from unintentional neglect;
and in order to fasten this extreme penalty, this
absurd penalty of $200, which you will never.be
able to collect, you would have to prove beyond
all question that lie knew of the existing law,
and that he had intentionally neglected to put
the stamp on. In other words, you would have
to piove that he did it for the purpose of defraud-
ing the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend section
one hundred and sixty-two, in line eighteen, by
sti iking out the woids " bysueh word or words
or device as shall be designated," and inserting
" with the duty denoted by the stamp so affixed;"
so thai the clause will read:
Ami every such instrument upou which the said <?tamp
shall be impressed .shall be deemed to be not chargeable,
