2860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
. ,Mr. DAWES., .Youdidmore. Younot only-
left out what he,di(i not know, but have made him
assert thathe did- know it. They skip thirty in-
terrogatories in one place, and the " extract"adds,
as if nothing had been left out, as.follows:
"'Oweslion 50. Were most of them'eri omployed at Ben-
ton barracks of foreign birth op not?
"Answer 50. They were mostly of foreign birth.
u Question 51. Do you not know many of them wlio
were unnaturalized ?"
His answer to this letter question is left out
altogether. The witness says before all this, " I
arrived early in May from St. Pierre, where I was
engaged in the Indian trade," and " was em-
s'ployed by Captain Constable some time during
September last*," that is less than two months be-
fore election, which shows how much he knew
about the matter. But this does not appear in the
"extract." It is to be regretted that so many
portions of this testimony in different parts of it
" dropped out hy accident," and that those por-
tions which did drop out would have made the
whole "extract" worthless, or mean entirely dif-
ferent from what it now means.
But let that pass, for fhcre is something else
here t-o which I wish to call the attention of the
House. The gentlemen who have signed the mi-
nority report of the committee are made to say—
1 am sure that they would not say anything that
they did not know to be so, and hence I remark
that in this report they are made to say—that,
.although the allegation in the contestant's notice
was-that lie contested certain votes only upon the
ground that these are non-residents, soldiers, yet
that the committee, the majority of the commit-
tee, went further and permitted the contestant
against the objection of the sitting member to
prove that they were minois. They are made to
say in a pert way, if I may use the language, that
it might be supposed from this, as non-residence
was the only giouml upon which the votes of the
companies B and It were questioned,and that as
the muster-rolls which constituted the only evi-
dence offered to establish it were declared to be
incompetent for that purpose, tlieie was an end
to the controversy respecting those votes. Not
at all. They are made to say further that the con-
testant claimed the right to impeach them for in-
fancy, and not being members of the companies
at the time they voted as such, and offered the
rolls as evidence on these points. Mr. Blair ob-
jected not only because of the unfairness of mak-
ing use of testimony in the record to support
charges not presented there, even if competent to
prove the charges had they been duly presented—
it being impracticable for him to get testimony at
that stnge of the proceedings to meet it—but also
because the muster-rolls were not, by law, evi-
dence of the ages of the soldieis, no entry being
required by law to be made in them on the sub-
ject, as shown by many of the i oils in the record
before the committee.
I must repeat that whoever made those state-
ments must either havo forgotten what passed in
the committee, or else never was in the committee-
room during the hearing at all. I will read the
tenth allegation, so far us it concerns these two
companies, and see if there isnotan express alle-
gation of minority:
" 10th. I contend that the offic* r* who ennva.-v-ed .and <*fi>t
up the votf" given at the said election included in the
votca allowed foi you the following votes, viz:
"Company B, ihmy-Mieocid regiment Missouri volun-
teer^ int.mtn
"Company K, thiir>-second regiment MHdouiL volun-
teer, infantry.*' * * * * * ■* *
'• Tlmt the poll-books m which the above vote* were en-
tered weie not legally certified, nor were they letumed to
the officers uuthoujiod hy law to leceivc them, nor by the
officer iiiuhon/,ed by law to nmnn >aid hooks; that the
voter;! whose iiiiims are registered in >atd book* weie not
legal voters; thai many o/ (hem u ere minor*.; that none of
Uieui were roMdenh> of the ^tate of Mis^oun lor one year
prcviou- to ^uid election, nor weie any ol them inhabitants
or residents of-uid district, or of the county of St. Louis,
for three months previous to *aid election."
There is a direct allegation that these wore mi-
nors. Nor was there any such objection made by
the sitting member as is here drawn from the im-
agination ot the gentleman who made up this re-
port.
This thing was all new to me, and was never
heard of in the committee until a month after the
report of the committee had been submitted and
until we got up the other clay to discuss ij.
Then it is said that the majority of the com-
mittee lay greatstress on w.hat they say is proved,
that these fifty-six soldiers from the seventh dis-
trict voted in a body at the Abbey precinct. The
lieutenant testified that they voted there, and he
gave the names of some of them. The commit-
tee say that they voted in a body. They may not
•have all voted together. The minority of tho
committee say that they did no such thing. I
mean t*o say that they voted near to each other,
one after another, one, two, three, four, and so
on. The witness gave the names of fifty-six of
them. And the numbers on their ballots show in
what order they voted. The minority are made
to use this language in their report:
u Here it is said that these eighty-eight men voted in a
body, without que&tion, &c., when there is not a svllable
of evidence given by any witness as to themunner of their
voting, whether consecutively or not, or who makes any
statement at all as to whether these or any other voters
were questioned or not; and the onlv evidence of their
having voted at till i* the potUbook itself, which contra-
dicts, in the most striking manner, this a&peision on the
judges b"v showing that the men did not i ote in a tody. The
voters are numbeied in the order of their votes, and the
names in question rangefiomNfl. *29 to No. 476, (see ail tlx?
numbers in the appendix,) showing that the votes weie
scattered throughout the day."
The names are given in the appendix, as testi-
fied to by the lieutenant, as follows:
36S Stewart Abbot, 66 John Johnson,
29 Jariieb Ij. Brjggs, 26G Patrick Murphy,
356 W.Ballard, 315 Robert McMiehael,
313 Alexander Black, 410 Reuben Moiris,
369 Moses Bnike, 393 MichaelItyan,
361 John O. (Jom.-tock, 424 William Smith,
311 David Caldwell, 314 C. A. JMnguire,
307 S. O. Downey, 411 James W. Weber,
309 James Fahey, 4.V7 Thomas WeMi,
318 C. Goddaul, 384 John Ander&on,
161 William Hanker, 319 T. S. BeekfcU,
JOG Chatlc Meyer, 372 John Bledsoe,
312 John Maikwell, 3.34 John Bunger,
418 William McGown, 325 P. C Cou«-ey,
360 Marion House, 367 Hugh Conner,
420 Jacob Sehniteus^ 37o Samuel Clemens,
386 Newton Willowford, T. A. Finiey,
348 J. S. Wilson, 276 John Frank,
323 ft. D. Adams, 353 Fred. Gate*,
316 .lame* Beckett, 343 E. King.
363 ('harles W mind, 308 ltiley i\lanley,
312 William Heck, 379 Geoige .McMilJen,
321 Riehaid Comoy, 3?a J. S. Robertson,
362 John W. Craighead, 341 Daniel Shanley,
3-22 Puoi 1j Carioll, 317 William 11. Unkerfer,
315 J. S. Edward*, 349 Peter Whi^ketsman,
371 Eiimond Fitzgeiald, 421 John Weekly,
370 Newton Galpin, 413 Thomas J. IVatfson.
Now it will be perceived that the minority re-
port has gone to the poll list of the Abbey precinct
and prefixed to each name the number attached to
it there, not in the order found on the poll-book,
which is the order in which they voted, but in
the order in which I have read from the minority's
appendix. For instance, it appears on the poll-
book that Nos. 311,312, 313, 314, 315,310, voted
in the order in which I have given them. But this
minority report has shuffled them up m the most
approved style, making 368 come first, then 29,
then 326, then 313, then 369, then 3G1, and then
311; then they go back to 307, and then give a half
dozen more before they get to 312, which comes
on the poll-book where these numbers were ob-
tained immediately after 311, as do 313, 314, &c.,
which are still further mixed up. Nopackofcards
was ever shuffled more thoroughly when thegam-
bler was playing for the greatest stake. Now,
sir, whatever happened to Pasquier's testimony by
accident, this could not have been the result of
accidentor chance. This parading of these names
and numbers in this oider as evidence that the
men did not vote in a body was the work of a
geniu's, and he should have the credit of it.
But however it occut red, or whatever it proves,
the great and only impoi tantfact remains uncon-
tradicted that fifty-six illegal votes were here cast
for the sitting member, and the names arc given. .
As this ieport is just out, only in time for this
discussion, 1 have not had time to go through it
any further. I have called attention to these few
points, which I think will show what confidence
can be putin the positions tlieie taken. I most
cheeifuliy acquit the gentlemen whose names are
affixed to that report from any design to mislead
the House by any misstatement it contains. I
beg leave to call attention to the " conclusion" of
the whole, and then I will leave the matter. It
is as follows:
'• The contestant fails, thciefoie, if the Ilou^e shouidie-
fu^'C to ^auction the confessedly erroneous ptocedure of '
aliowmg," &o.
Of course, if the House refuses to sanction it,
he docs fail; but I would like to inquire of the
gentleman from Wisconsin what is meant by the
words " confessedly erroneous procedure ?" It
is printed in italics, and will the gentleman tell us
what it means ? Who has " confessed" it?
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. What procedure
. does the gentleman refer to?
Mr. DAWES. The procedure set forth in the
majority report.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, made an inaudi-
ble reply.
Mr. DAWES. Would it not be well to wait
until he had confessed it?
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. It is merely a
presumption from the known character of the
'gentleman. .
Mr. DAWES. It is a great presumption.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. In the report of
the majority of the committee they refer to the
pleadings in this case, and they concede that those
pleadings are not in conformity to the act of Con-
gress. The allegation is not that the entire vote
is wrong, not that the officers had been guilty of
fraud, but that certain individuals were noi en-
titled to vote. There is no proof that those indi-
viduals were not entitled to vote. The majority
of the committee do not say they were not en-
titled to vote; but they do say that the contestant
himself does not allege that the officers behaved
fraudulently, and that the entire proceedings were
of such a character as to reject the entire vote of
the precinct.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman did not do me
the honor to listen to what I said upon that point,
for 1 said he had omitted to take notice of the fact
that there was a list made of the names of every
one of those illegal voters, and that that liat em-
braced the entire vote. The gentleman says the
majority report admits that the allegations are
insufficient in law and do not comply with the
requirements of the statute. He cannot find that
in the report, The report says (l the House will
not fail to notice the extraordinary character of
many of the allegations," not all of them. I had
the honor to state a few moments ago that the
particular allegation which the gentleman alludes
to was more in conformity to law than many that
had come under my notice during my experience
upon the Committee of Elections, because it states
precisely that A B and C D voted at that pre-
cinct,and that they weie illegal voters. Nothing
can be more particular than that.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I ask the gen-
tleman if there is any proof as to the right of any
of these persons as individuals whose names are
mentioned in connection with the vote of that
precinct which shows that they were not entitled
to vote. The question is whether there is any
proof affecting the individuals whose names are
mentioned in that notice as having voted in that
precinct, and showing that they were not entitled
to vote.
Mr. DAWES. T had the honor to submit a
moment ago, what is set forth in the majority re-
port, that we traced fifty-six of them as being
citizens of the seventh congressional district, and
thirty odd as having already voted once fifteen
miles off in another district, and who declaiedas
they went up that they voted for Blow there and
for Blair heie.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Then you have
eighty-six.
Mr. DAWES. And I had the honor farther
to say a few moments ago, that so far as we could
trace them they were all alike; also that one of
the judges forgot his duties as judge, left his place
and put an unqualified man in his place, while he
went to electioneering, vitiating the whole pio-
ceeding.
Mr.BROWN, of Wisconsin. I would ask the
gentleman whether there is any allegation of that
kind m the pleadings of the party, and whether
he has been enabled to trace these illegal votes be-
yond the tighty-six he has mentioned; and fur-
ther, I would ask whether there is any proof in
regard to those eighty-six except this improper
proof of copies from copies of the muster-rolls.
Mr. DAWES. It is not worth while again to
go over the views I submitted to the House upon
the sufficiency of these papers. If they were not
satisfactory to the gentleman from Wisconsin at
that time 1 cannot hope to make them so now.
1 will,however,again read to him an extractfrom
the report:
"The House will not fail to notice the extraordmaiy
