838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
benefit to result from the passage of this measure ?
Is it a' practical question, or simply a question of
sentiment, a question of theory, which is now
presented to the Senate?
Mr. President, neaily every morning since the
commencement of this session of Congress some
measure or other has been called up and seemed to
have the preference, which had exclusive refer-
ence to the negroes of the country. Surely, sir,
your legislation has gone far enough for so short
a period of time. Surely sufficient time of this
session of Congress has been devoted to the in-
terests of that class of people, without absorbing
every day during the session jnthe consideration
of matters in which they are peculiarly interested.
i put the question to the Senate, and I put the
question to the country for their consideiation,
what is the possible*motive for the introduction
of this bill and for the passage of this hill by Con-
gress? I repeat, is any public good to result from
such an enactment? Has the public service suf-
fered detriment in the past from the exclusion of
this class of persons from the carrying of the
mails? Will the public service be benefited in
the future by the adoption of this measure? I
apprehend not, Mr. President; and when you do
* allow them to cairy the mails, with the provision
that they shall be competent witnesses in the Fed-
eral courts, those who are acquainted with that
ctass of persons, who live in communities where
they are very considerable in numbers, and have
knowledge of their character, will find, I am ap-
prehensive, that instead ofthe public service being
benefited by such an enactment and by their hav-
ing the privilege of testifying m courts of justice
when your mails are robbed und destroyed, when
thy public service is injured ip any manner in the
carrying of the mails, they will lie found very
ready witnesses to testify that some person has
waylaid them upon the road, and that .some white
man hns done it.
1 think we are legislating against reason, against
our own race, by such enactments as this; and
rest assured, Senators, that if it shall become the
law you will find that the result which I have
ntedicted will occur, and that when passion shall
have subsided, when excitement shall have died
away, when the people of this country shall again
come to think soberly and reflect seriously upon
the relation of i aces, tt will be legretted by many
of those who even favor it now.
Mr. VOW III.L. I lXRk for the yeas and nays ,
on I he amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMN&R, Before the vote is taken, I
desire for only one moment to call attention to
the ongin of the legislation which it is now pro-
posed to sweep out of our statute-book, i think
i( tin' Senator from Indian" who opposes the hill
under consideration were fully aware of the ou-
gin of the legislation which it s^eks to remove,
that we should have his vote, notwithstanding
his eloquent speech.
i have befoie me the American State Papers,
the litst volume, relatmg to the Post Ofliee. In
that volume, on page S>7, is a lettei fiom Gideon
Granger, dated Maich £J, 161)2. He was iu the
time, it will I)'* remembered, postmaster Geneial
of the United States. This letter is addies.W to
flu* lion. James Jackson, Scnatoi from Georgia.
It is a.-s follows:
C< t.NICUA I, Post Oi'TiCE, JXauAai), 1H03.
MR: An objection e\M* nu«u -t emplojma nejxioess or
people of eoioi,jti ttan^poning the public nt;ul.>, oi ami-
tai'' mo dejuvue t,, nitrfaff mfoa lepojf which ma\ Ix'eome
public, set too impoiiant to be omitted or pa^edover with-
out tuli roimdrration. I tfu-reloie take the liberty <>i ma-
king io the committee, thiouirh von, a pitvate iepn>euu-
jionon thatMjI.jcei, After the scenes which St. Domingo
)kj> e\ lnlnt<*d to the v\ oi Id, u e cannot bo (oo caution - in nt-
tempting to pi event M«m In i evi!> m the loui southern Slate-;,
tt lieu* there aie. p;n tieiilaily m the eastern and old nettled
paiKoi them, so (.neat a ptoportion of blacks as to hazaul
tiie tianquilfity nrHU'e.pp.ne^r-oftli" five citizen*. Indeed,
in Virir/nia and South (.Carolina (as i have been informed)
p.an- and conspiracies have already been eoiicertcd by
them. more than once, to rise in arm.-, and subjugate their
molten J ®
Everything which tends to increase their knowledge of
natural tights,oi men and things, or that aftoids thetn an
opportunity of associating, acquiring, and communicating
sentiments, and ot establishing a chain or line of intelli-
gence, itiuvt increase j om hazaui, because it mcrea^ their
means of efleelingthui object.
The most active and intelligent me employed no«t-
riders. These are the mo>t. readv to learn, and the most
abfe to execute. By traveling fiom day to day, and houilv
mixing with people, ffcey iniis>t, they will acquire informa-
tion. They will leant (hat a man's rights do not depend on
his color. They will, in time, become teachers to their bi elhr-
rcn. They become acquainted with each othei on the line.
Whenever the body, or a portion of them, wish to act, they
arc an organized eotp^ circulating our intelligence openly,
their own puvately.
Theii traveling creates no suspicion, cxcites no alarm.
One able man among them, perceiving the value of this ma-
chine, might lay a plan winch would be communicated by
your post-ttdeis from town to town, and producea general
and united operation against you. It is easier to prevent
the evil than to cure it. The hazard may be small and the
piospeet remote, hut it does not follow that at f=oiue day the
event would not be certain.
With respect and esteem, GIDEON GRANGER.
Hon. James Jackson, Senator from Georgia.
There, sir, is the origin of the offensive legisla-
tion which we now seek to remove, it grew out
of a proposition to sustain slavery, communicated
in private to ^Senator from Georgia. The legis-
lation is a part of that system which Congress
has so long imposed upon the country under the
domineering influence of slavery, and it was ex-
pressly recommended on the ground that if col-
ored persons were allowed to carry the mails
" they would learn that a man's rights do not de-
pend on his color." It was to subvert that prin-
ciple that the offensive legislation was enacted.
But now, since the resurrection of our day, since
liberty is at last asserting her rights in the Re-
public, Congress, it seems to me,"can do nothing
less than to go back to its original policy under
Washington anil the fathers of the Republic, when
no such legislation existed.
I do not like to take time on a question which
seems plain asjustice. But out of the origin of
that old legislation I derive an unanswerable ar-
gument against it. The legislation is nothing but
slavery installed in an act of Congress. Ruteven
if it had not this character, it would he offensive
as an injustice to the colored race. And here let
me express my dissent from theSonatoi from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Lane.j He thought we oughttofavor
the white race. But do not foiget that you can-
not do injustice to the colored race witho'ut injur-
ing that white race which you desire to favor.
No, su ; there can be butone rule forall, and that
is the rule of justice.
This is what 1 have to say on the original
proposition. The amendment which has been re-
ported by the committee has of course my cor-
dial concurrence. 1 havealready during the pres-
ent session introduced a special bill in the same
,sense. On a former occasion, or on several former
occasions, I have tried to ingraft that proposition
on other bills then pending. I am glad to meet
it and welcome it on the present bill. I think the
suggestion of the committee, that it is important
in the support of the original measure, is one
which ought not to be neglected by the Senate.
The bill, therefore, in its original proposition, and
also in us amendment, ought to be passed. It
will add to the judgment against slavery audits
abuses. And it will i^lso add to the securities and
privileges of an oppressed lace. This is enough.
Mr. SAIJLSBTJR.Y. Mr. President, the letter
just load to the Senate, a letter from a former
Postmaster General ofthe United States, and a
northern nifin, in my judgment is one of the most
sensible letters that has ever been read m the
Senate of the United States, or written bv any
man in the Uuitul States. It cnrnes back the
mind to the early days of the Republic, when
kindly feelings existed between the people of the
Noith and the people of the South, when there
was no disposition on the part ofthe people of the
NoiM* to excite servile insurrection in the south-
ern States; when there was no feeling eheushed
that the slave might me in arms against his mas-
ter-, when the scenes of San Domingo had im-
pressed upon the minds of the peopie"both North
and South the necessity of preserving the public
peace and of doing no act which could mar the
harmony of the Republic. Sir, Mr. Granger, by
writing that letter, showed to the country'that he
had a heait and a soul in his bosom, that he took
no delight in scenes of blood, in servile insutrec-
tion. He knew the relations existing, and hap-
pily existing in his day, between the white race
and the negro race, and as a gentleman and a
Christian he wished to save his country, not only
North but South, in every section of that coun-
try, from any such scenes as those to which he
referred, those which had occurred in San Do-
mingo.
It was not then supposed to be a Christian duty
to incite the slave to insurrection. That feeling
which can rejoice in the effusion of innocentblood
by members, although in a subordinate relation,
ofthe same household was not then supposed to
be .Christian sympathy. Sir, if the spirit of the
times have changed, when the historian shall wnte
up the truthful record of the past and ofthe present,
and shall do justice to the spirit which animated
the men of the past and of the present, he will
have no difficulty in saying that the men who
lived m the days of Mr. Granger, who shared
his feelings, were the men if whose counsels had
been faithfully followed the pVesent unhappy state
of the country would not now be presented. I
am glad that that letter has been read to the Sen-
ate; I am glad of the speech so appropriately
made by the Senator from Indiana, because I think
while the speech will be hailed by conservative
men and reflecting men throughout the country
with pleasure, that letter will recall to agreat extent
the minds of the thoughtful men of this country
to the early days of the Republic, and that they
will contrast in the silent quietude of home the
spirit which animated the men of that day with
the spirit which is animating the men of the pres-
ent hour. Sir, I am glad, I repeat, that that ietter
has been written, and 1 will follow the lights of
the past, the sunlight of the past, rather than the
ignis fatuus of the present.
Mr. POWELL. Theamendmentproposed by
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
in my judgment, should not be adopted. That
amendment proposes to allow all persons, without
regard to color, to be witnesses in the courts of
the United States. In many of the States negroes
are not permitted to testify as witnesses against
white persons. That is the law of my own State,
and the law of Indiana, as was stated by the hon-
orable Senator from that State. It is the law in
ail the slave States, and in many of the free Stales;
and I can see no reason why w e should, by legis-
lation here, change the lule. I think it is better
to leave it, as it has heictofore been left, to the
States to presciibe who shall lie witnesses. The
Policial courts, by their rules, allow such persons
to become witnesses in their courts as are allowed
in the State courts. 1 think that is eminently wise
and proper.
You frequently have an appeal from the decis-
ions of the State courts to those of th* courts of
the United States. If you have one rule as to
testimony in the State court, and another rule in
the court of the United States, you see at once the
confusion that will exist. You try a certain class
of cases in the State courts. By the laws of the
States certain persons are excluded from being
witnesses in Certain causes, or where the rights
of certain persons are being litigated. You try
the case by that rule of testimony in the State
court. You take that case to the Federal courts.
If you have there a different rule of testimony
you see at once the endless confusion that must
follow. In order to keep up harmony and good
feeling between the States and the national Gov-
ernment it is eminently proper that the States
tJjtemselves should regulate all those matters. The
practice, as it has existed heretofore, of allowing
the rules of the State courts to govern in the Fed-
eral courts of that locality is certainly the correct
one. I therefore hope that the amendment re-
ported fiom the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads will not be adopted.
As to the general character of the bill, I know
that nothing that I can say here will prevent this
fanatical and radical kind of legislation; but I
would ask the Senate, has there been any detri-
ment to the public interest in consequencc of ne-
groes being excluded from carrying the mails?
Opitainly there has been none. If you pass this
bill, it can do no good; it will not promote the
public interest; it wilt not advance the public ser-
vice; it will be distasteful to the people of some
of the States. That will be the result of it, with-
out doing any good in any evont whatever. No
good can possibly lesultto the country from it.
The only; result will be that Senators who enter-
tain the views of the Senator from Massachusetts
who a moment ago addressed the Senate will be
able m their electioneering documents to say that
such and such laws have been passed in favor of
the negro, and add this to the list. It will be a
gratification to that ultra-radical sentiment that in
my judgment has done more than everything else
to bring all the woes and ills by which we are
now surrounded upon the country.
