1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Office, which has full knowledge of the whole
subject
The SPEAKER. The bill can only beamended
by unanimous consent, the bill having "been read
the third time.
Mr. DAWES. I da not desire to oppose this
bill, or anything that may appear to be fair. But
tht*se Spanish titles covered vast tracts of land.
They were bought up by speculators. Men here
in Congress speculated in them. There were be-
fore the rebellion people located on these lands
miniating farms, and by virtue of just such bills
as ihis they found themselves dispossessed and
driven from their homes.
I do not know what the state of things down
there is, or whether this is one of such cases as
I have alluded to. But it seems to me that we
can hardly touch these Spanish titles without
getting into difficulty. And unless my friend
from Indiana knows something personally about
this matter?, so as to be able to state to the House
just how much land this covers, and where it is,
I do not think he ought to ask us to go for itnow.
The gentleman from Indiana says that this bill
is satisfactory to the General Land Office. Well,
that may be all right. I have all confidence in
the Land Office. But they have been practiced
upon heretofore, and they have sheltered them-
selves, and been obliged to shelter themselves,
under these statutes. I suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana that with general consent he have
the hill recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands, with leave to reportat another time, when
more full information can be given to the House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make
that motion ?
Mr. DAWES. I will make it, or let the gen-
tleman make it himself, if acceptable.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I suggest that the
statute of March 17, 1862, which this bill is to
carry out, be read.
Mr. DAWES. Very well. I will not insist
upon my motion if there is any gentleman in the
House who understands this matter and can ex-
plain it.
Mr. JULIAN. If the law to which the gen-
tleman has referred is read, I think that will ex-
plain it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. It does explain the
matter; and I think if the law is read the gentle-
man from Massachusetts may be induced to with-
draw his objection. I send it to the Clerk, ojid
ask that it may be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Beit enacted, <$*c.,That it shall be the duty of the Com-
missioner of theGener.il Land Office to i*sue and todeliver
to the respective owner or owners of the Los Omegas and
La Nana tracts of lands, formerly situated in the paiish of
Natchitoches, now patishes of Sabine and De tfojo, in ihe
State of Louisiana, or to his or their assigns or other legal
representatives, certificates or float*, in the usual form, tor
so much land as maj have been at any time heretofore sold,
donated, granted, or re?erved by the United States within
said tiacts of land, or either ot them; and which omuti-
cattioor fioa& may be located by the owner or holder thereof
on any lands belonging to the United States and Mibject to
puvate entry at a price not exceeding $-1 -25 per acie, and
which certificates or floats shall be in full sati-sluctiou of all
claims against the United States for lands so sold, donated,
granted, or reserved : Provided, Tluit as a condition prece-
dent to the issuing of trie floats heieinbeforc authorized,
the claimant or claimant* s-hall jfJ esent to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office satisfactory evidence ot title
theieto,and that such claimant-* have been and continue to
be loyal to the Government of the United States: Jlnd
provided further, That -mch certificate* and floats shall not
exceed in gioss seventeen thousand four hundred and
severity-seven and sixty-two liundiedths acres.
"Sac. % *a Mci</urMcrcnac<e<J, That this act shall take
effect immediately."
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I understand that
these certificates have already been issued, and
that they have been located, and this bill is merely
to complete the action contemplated by the act
of Mai ch 17, 1862.
Mr. JULIAN. The law just read seems to
give a satisfactory explanation, and I now de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question first? Does he know
whether these lands, thus located,are unoccupied,
or whether they are occupied by settlers ?
Mr. JULIAN. I cannot give the gentleman
that information. I have no doubt it is in the
possession of the Land Office, and that its recom-
mendation of this bill is made upon that knowl-
edge. I think the gentleman will vsee that in con-
nection with the law which has just been read no
abyse can grow out of the passage of this bill.
Mr. DAWES. I think I shall be obliged to
insist upon my motion to recommit the bill with
leave to reportat anytime, in the mean time
this information can be obtained from the General
Land Office and be made a matter of record here
in the House to explain this very singular spe-
cies of legislation.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The motion to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, with leave to report at
any time, was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was recommitted; and'also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion wa^ agreed to.
OREGON DONATION CLAIMS.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back the bill (S. No. 181) in ref-
erence to donation claims in Oregon and Wash-
ington.
The bill was read. It provides that whenever
it shall appear that two donation settlers in the
State of Oregon or Washington Territory shall
hold their conterminous improvements in such a
manner as may require a half quarter section to
be divided into two equal parts by a line north
and south or east and west, it shall be lawful for
the Commissioner of the General Land Office to
issue patents recognizing for each claimant such
subdivisions; this enactment to include cases ex-
isting at the date of the act, where the claim may
be proved and established according to law.
1 he bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the thiid Ume, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
tiie motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INCllBASK OF SOLDIERS' PAY.
Mr. WlNf%2LD, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the petition of one thousand two hundred
wives and daughters of soldiers, asking for an in-
crease of their pay; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
MICHIGAN WAGON ItOAD LAND GRANT.
Mr. DRIGGS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back the bill (H. R. JMo. 227)
granting lands to the State of Michigan for the
construction of certain wagon roads for military
and postal purposes. The bill was read. It
grants to the State of Michigan for the construc-
tion of a wagon road from Saginaw City to the
Straits of Mackinaw, at the rate of three sections
of land to the mile. Also, for a road from Grand
Rapids through Newaygo, Traverse City, and
Little Traverse, to the Straits of Mackinaw, pub-
lic lands at the rate of three sections to the mile.
Mr. KERNAN. I desire to inquire of thegen-
tleman what, is the length of these proposed roads.
Mr. DRIGGS. 1 piopose briefly to state the
principal features of the bill, and 111 that state-
ment will answer the gentleman's question.
Mr. KERNAN. The gentleman will also allow
me to state that it seems to me three sections of
public land to the mile, for the construction of a
wagon road, is a pretty liberal donation.
Mr. DRIGGS. This bill provides a grant to
the State of Mich igan of alternate sections for three
miles on each side of the road, to aid in the con-
struction of the road referred to. But it will be
understood that the amount granted is limited
to three sections only to the mile. The land, of
itself, will not be sufficient to build the road, but
is intended,as the bill itself states, to aid the State
of Michigan in that object. The distance, in an-
swer to the question of the gentleman from New
York, from Saginaw City to the Straits of ftfack-
maw is about one hundred and sixty miles.
I desire to say to the House that although mil-
itary necessity is now claimed for almost every
measure that is presented here, I think the facts
will convince any gentleman who will examine
them that in this instance it is not a mere pre-
tense. It is well known that we have important
fortifications at the Straits of Mackinaw, and it
is almost impossible to leach those fortifications
during at least six months in the year. During !
half of every year, communication with that lo-
cality is cut off almost as completely as if an
ocean intervened between the lower poitiou o(
Michigan and that northern portion, by reason of
the wilderness through which the passage haato
be made.
1 will state further, that at the time it was sup-
posed a rupture between the British Government
and the United States might possibly occur, our
Government deemed it important to send there
some packages o( muskets, for the purpose of
defending the works at that point, to which the
approach from the Canada shone is yery easy.
The Government paid at the rate of $150 for
each package of muskets to be carried through
this wilderness, by means of Indians, who were
employed for that purpose.
But, sir, I will not detain the House by going
into the details of this matter. I think a very
slight examination will be sufficient to satisfy
every member that the bill is right andjust. The
bill has been very carefully drawn, has been fully
considered, and unaHimausly reported by the
Committee on Public Lands. If the grants ar.e
made the road will be built. It will not, like a
great many of the railroads for which giants
have been made, keep the lands out of market
for six, eight, or ten years,withoutany prospect
pf building a road at all.
The bill, 1 repeat, has been very carefully drawa
and guarded. It makes it imperative upon the
State to build the road in a very short period or
the lands will revert again to t^e Government.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
when I first presented the bill requested me not
to call the previous question until he could have
an opportunity to discuss it. He has informed
me to-day that upon examination he thinks it
is right, and that lie will not oppose its passage.
Unless some other gentleman desires to debate
the bill, I will demaud the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the gentleman calls
the previous question, I ask him to have the lat-
ter part of the first section and the second section
of the bill read for the purpose of suggesting
whether the word " Governor" should not be
stricken out and "Legislature" inserted.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Jind it is hereby provided, That in case it shall appear
that the United States shall have (when the line? or routes of
said roads are definitely esfc^Mshed) sold or reserved any
sections or parts of sections, granted as aforesaid, or that
the rights of preemption 01 homestead have attached to the
same, so as to leave a deficiency in the amount to be se-
lected within the limits designated, then it sflall be lawful
for the commissioners or agents to be appointed by the Gov-
ernor of said State, to select (Mibjcctto the approval of the
Secretary of the Interior) (rom the even vacant sections of
land belonging to the United States nearest to the three mile
Hants aforesaid, suchquantity as shall be necessary to make
up the deficicncy thus created : Provided further, That the
lands hereby giantcd shall be exclusively reserved, held,
and applied in the construction of said roads, and shall be
appropriated and disposed of only as the work progresses,
in quantities and under such regulations and restrictions as
the Governor of tbe State shall provide ; and in no event
shall they be appropriated or disposed of tor anyother pur-
pose whatsoever.
Sec. 2. Jlmt be xt. further enacted, That any and all lands
heretofore reserved to the United States by any act of Con-
gress, or in any other manner by competent authority, for
any public work, or for any other purpose whatever, be,
and the same Hie hereby, reserved to the United Stales
from the operation of tins act, except so far as it may be
necessary to locate the routes of said road* through such
reserved lands; in \ylnch case tin- rights of way shall be,
and are heieby, gianted, subjectto the approval of the Pres-
ident of the United Status.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will state t.o the gentleman
that our Legislature meets only once in two years;
thatonly five ycar&arc given to complete the road;
and that after due consideration it was thought that
the Executive would watch over the road and see
that the provisions of the law were properly car-
ried out.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill would place the
whole management of this grant within the con-
trol of the Governor. It seems to. oie a very large
power to confer upon the Governor of a State. I
suggest that that power had better be vested in
the Legislature. I desire also to ask the gentle-
man what is the length of these roads.
Mr. DRIGGS. I have aj ready stated that the
distance from the Saginaw to Mackinaw straits
is one hundred and sixty miles counting^by sec-
tions.
Mr. HOLMAN. Are both roads about tke
same length ?
Mr. DRIGGS. Very nearly.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
that the bill had better be amended so as to confer
these powers o« the Legislature rather than on
the Governor of the State.
