840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
will allow me to be so familiar with him, to'say
to the Senate if in his opinion all men who are
permitted to testify before a tribunal of justice
must necessarily be regarded as socially equal.
Does an examination as a witness in court affect
the social position of the witness himself, or that
of others, whether white or black? I think the
Senator has not brought to bear on this subject
.-his usual good sense. I suppose a man's social
position depends on other considerations than
' riding on the same public conveyance with an-
other, receiving the same wages for the same kind
of service, either civil or military, or testifying
in the courts. 1 suppose black men can tell the
truth Courts, I believe, resort to every means
to elicit the truth bearing on cases that are liti-
gated, both civil and criminal.
1 am reminded by my colleague that it maybe
to the advantage of the white man as much as of
the negro, that the latter should be permitted to
testify in the courts. He may be the only per-
son in any given case who has knowledge of facts
that may be conclusive in settling questions of
vast interest pending before civil and criminal tti-
bunals. If he is ignorant and degraded these
facts will of course militate against his credibil-
ity. That will be a proper question for the court
or the jury that trios the case. But the right to
introduce a colored witness may be very import-
ant to the white man, much more so than to the
black man, as his interests are usually much
larger than the interests of the negro.
But then the Senator argues that if you permit
a colored man to testify you ought to permit him
to sit as a juryman. How so? i believe you al-
low females to testify before the courts. Does it
foilowas a logical necessity that women must be
authorized to sit as jurymen5 You allow minor
children to testify before the courts. Does it fol-
low as a logical sequence that every child who is
competent to testify ns a witness ought to be au-
thonzi d to sit as a juryman, and aid'in trying
canes ?
J can perceive no connection between the facts?
alleged and the conclusion stated. The truth is
they depend upon entirely differentconsiderations.
The child may at a very early period be capable
of telling the truth, any rational human being
may be capable of telling the tiuth, of stating
facts that come under his observation, and yet in-
competent to adjudicate a question of law or a
question of fact. So in iclation to the coi relative
questions, as the right to vote and the right to hold
office. A very small proportion, comparatively,
of any eivil community are permitted to partici-
pate in managing its publicalfairs. A small pio-
porlion comnaiatively are peimitted to vote and
a veiy small proportion to hold office. These
rights are not natural rights; they are rights that
arise under the law by I he common consent of the
whole; and in adjusting the poluica! rights and
franchises of each eluss the community is sup-
posed to be controlled by a desire to promote the
interests of the whole. The right to vole, to hold
office, to aid in making the laws, in adjudicating
and- eiifoicmic them, is derived from the civil so-
ciety of which the parties aie members. They
are not natural rights, as is the right to life, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness, Being made
a witness is not a natural right, it may be con-
sideied a duty, when required by pai ties to a dis-
pute, to testify; it may be a grievous wrong to
the parties litigant not to peimit them to intro-
duce the testimony of personsconversaut with the
facts in controversy, But being icquired or not
required to testify as a witness is not a question
of natural right, and m no way affects the social
status of any one. The natural rights of all should
be protected alike by the laws. In this respect
they should be perfectly equal. But when you
proceed to bestow civil privileges, you must take
into consideration the capacity of those who ate
to hold the trust.
This bill provides that the disability of coloiod
persons to carry the mails and to testify m the
courts of the United States shall be lemoved.
Whether the bill shall bceomc a law or not, will
not affect the social equality of the two laces a
hair's breadth. It raises no question of equality,
but it does raise a question ot expediency. The
mai's aie can u d by contiactors. The ri^ht to
carry them is given to the lowest responsible bid-
der who can give the required security for a faith-
ful performance of his contract. Now, if a colored
man should put in a bid at a lower rate than all
others for carrying the United States mails, and
give the requisite security, whatharm could result
in permitting him to execute the contract? Not
the least to any mortal on earth. And if the Uni-
ted States mails should be robbed, or any other
offense committed against the persons or property
of others, in the presence of colored people, what
evil could possibly result from their examination
in the courts? Not the least on earth. They are
now permitted to testify in nearly all the loyal
States of the Union. Its propriety may therefore
be considered a settled question. But if it is
proper to examine them as witnesses in the State
courts, it would be equally proper to permit it in
the United States courts.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I do not
wish to trouble tiie Senate on this question,
neither do I wish to biing to the discussion any
cxcitement nor to indulge in any prejudice against
this class of people. 1 was born among them,
and they weie horn on my father's premises.
My earliest recollection was when a negro ser-
vant attended to my wants; and I recur to those
days with a great deal of pleasure and a great
deal of kindness of feeling, because in those days,
before their passions became excited and false
notions were put into their heads, they were a
faithful and obedient class of people, well pro-
vided for, and well caring for those in whose ser-
vice they were. I could go, sir, to my own hum-
ble home, and there 1 could find two as faithful
and devoted persons of this class as live in the
United States or have ever lived, who,since these
days of excitement, have refused to be seduced
from their homesby thegolden visions which have
been painted to their imaginations.
I recollect this class of people when they were
m their proper state and condition, with no other
feeling but that of kindness, and I believe in my
heart of hearts to-day that that class of the white
people of this country who care most for them,
who think better of them, and who labor for their
real benefit, are the slaveholders of the land and
those who have been brought up amidst that in-
stitution. I do notbelieve, I never have believed,
that all this legislation, all this excitemcnt in the
northern section of the country arises from any
great i egard for this class of beings, but from pai ty
eonsideiations, because, knowing them as 1 do,
and knowing their incapacity for the positions to
which it is sought to elevate "them, i believe as
firmly as I livo that those \\ ho are now attempting
to inaugurate this modern policy will be adjudged
by the faithful record of history to be the woist
enemies io this class of people.
I therefore say, sir, that in troubling the Senate
for a few moments longer with any jemaiks on
ihisbill, I do not do it from any pie'judiceagainst
this class of people, from any desire to depuve
them of any tight which they have oi ought to
have; I wish to invoke no prejudice on the pait
of others against them; but I think I am but dis-
charging a duty which I owe to the whole people
of this country, and especially to the w iiite lace
of this counti y, to protest against all this kind of
legislation.
Sn , under what cit cumstanc.es does the amend-
ment winch is tin1 patticularquestion nowhefoie
the Senate come before this body ? The bill was
simply to do away with the disability of culm ah
to pel sous causing the mail. The jeason as-
signed by the honoiable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads for this
amendment is that if the bill is to pass, it become h
necessai y m Older to pi oteet the punhc her vice to
make this class of people who shall be mail cai-
neis witnesses in the Federal courts. Does your
amendment confine the reception of their testi-
mony to case.-} where the public service in lefer-
enee to the mad is in\ oived ? D.-es itsay that in
any < ase where a pios-ecution may be depending
for robbing the mail, or by which the mail sei-
vico is aifected, the testimony of the nun 1 cti i rier,
whether hi: he white or whether he be black, shell
be competent testimony ? j\'o, Mr: but under the
assumption—I will not say pretense, for 1 mean
no discourtesy—that if you make the ncgio the
earlier of your mails, it may become necessai y
in certain contingencies to have his testimony
in a coutt of justice, you throw open aU you:
Fedeial courts la ufoience to any bum eh of busi-
ness (hat may come before them, civil suits in
yourdwtiict couits between A and B,white men,
and you admit any and every negro to come in
as a witness and testify in favor of one of the par-
ties and against the other. The amendment pro-
posed, therefore, is more extensive than the rea-
son assigned for its enactment. Whetherdesigned
or not to accomplish that purpose, it is not only
to make the negro a competent witness in refer-
ence to questions where the safety of the mail or
the guilt of persons injuring to any extent the
public interests in that respect is involved, but it
is to make him a competent witness in reference
to any case that may come before the Federal
courts, and that, too, without regard to the fact
whether the judgment of the State where he re-
sides is that he shall be competent or not.
Many gentlemen from the non-slaveholding
States, among whom there are but very few of
this class of persons, and whose acquaintance
with them, with their characters, with their dis-
positions, wrth their qualities, of course cannot
be so greatand so accurate as that of those living
in other communities, I have no doubt frequently
think that objections coming from such quarters
as they sometimes hear objections come from in
this body and in the other House, are unreason-
able, aie made for partisan effect. Let me tell
you, gentlemen, you youiselves in the future may
see that such an idea, if entertained by you, is a
delusion, and that consequences of which you
never dreamed may result from the action which
you here inaugurate-.
Why, sir, your Federal courts have jurisdiction
of the greatest criminal offenses as weil as of civil
issues. I admit that the slave, when left to him-
self, and before the abolition excitement sprung
up m this country, and even before the horrid
scenes of the present revolution transpired, was,
in the main, faithful to his master, and that the
lelatious existing between the faithful slave and
even the respectable negro free man with the white
race were friendly and kind; but amid ihe throes of
this teinble revolution, with the exciting appeals
made to that class of people, with efforts made
throughout the entire Noith by a portion of the
people to stir up servile insurrection, and to array
the humbler class against the more intelligent and
elevated class, you have awakened a feeling, an in-
tense feeling, in the breasts and in the minds of
mai-yofthis class of people against the white race.
I stated to you, sir, nothing that was fanciful the
other day, but I stated to you the solemn truth
when 1 said that m the town in which I live, at this
time, or only a few days ago, they were marching
up and down our streets with horrid oaths, and
in several instances snapped their pistols at white
men. The military werethere, your negroes pro-
tected, and your white men at their mercy.
These, sir, are some of the scenes ihat occur
in localities with which you have no personal
acquaintance, and 1 call upon the members of the
Senate as gentlemen of intelligence and reflecting
men, and 1 call upon the people of the vast North
to wake up eie it is too late to the consequences
that may remit to the people of a huge portion
of this country fiom such legislation as th|S.
Sir, there aie madmen possessed of devils just lis
much as they were in the days ot Christ, and
whom the de\ii uses as mstiuments to carry out
his own In llish pm poses, \\ ho would &tii up nnsur-
lecuon in communities wheie the races are more
< <ptal than they aie m yours. 1 do not believe that
there are many, there may be some, in this Senate
who untf-utam such a fetling, and theiefore if I
speak warmly upon this subject, 1 speak trt gen-
tlemen whoso hearts I hope aie not so steeled
agamstall the kindlier feelings of their nature as
to canyon this system of legislation which may
eventuate in seem sin the contemplation of which
the imagination is appalled.
Sir, suppose you go even to my own State, or
the rjute of Mai y land , or the State of Kentucky,
or the State of Missouri to-day, all of which are
in the Union, and a i< spectablc white man is
ehaigf d in your Fideral eouitsm cases in which
they liave j'uisuietion of the most hoi nd and even
cnpM.il offense*, I say to you from my knowledge
of this class of bemgh, that it would be no diffi-
cult matter at all to get a multitude of witnesses
ot this class to swearaway his life; and lam only
afraid that there are men m this country who
would be ple.ised at a judicial muider committed
by the peijury of the meanest free negro in the
land.
All. President, i propose not to enter into a
